CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has urged the world of golf to come together and unite over the controversial rule changes on putting . The World No. 1 fears that the game could be torn apart with the PGA Tour joining the PGA of America in opposing the proposed ban of advanced anchored putters from 2016 . Golf 's governing bodies , the Royal & Ancient  R & A  and the United States Golf Association  USGA  , announced the plan last year with the 90-day consultation period set to expire on Thursday . The R & A is the rule-making authority throughout the world of golf , excluding the U.S. and Mexico where the USGA runs the sport . "  Anchored " putting method to be banned from 2016 PGA Tour commissioner Tom Finchem has already stated that the organization did not see "  a competitive advantage to be gained by using anchoring . " But McIlroy , who has previously spoken in favor of the ban , says a decision needs to be taken across the whole of the sport from the PGA Tour to the European Tour . "  I saw what Tim Finchem had to say and it seems like the European Tour is going to go a different way , " McIlroy told a press conference ahead of the Honda Open . "  I read a thing Monty  Colin Montgomerie  said that this divide is n't good for golf and I do n't think it is . We either need to all be on one side or the other . "  It 's up to the governing bodies at the end of the day to decide . I sort of think it was a bit of a knee jerk reaction to how much success people were having with it  players using long putters have won three of the last five majors  . "  I 'm all for people enjoying the game and trying to make the game as easy as possible and bringing people to the game , and if that means they should allow anchored putters to make it easier for the general public then that 's a good thing . "  But then they talk about bifurcation , whether you should have one set of rules for us and one set for the amateurs and it 's just a bit of a mess and opened a can of worms . " PGA Tour against ` belly putter ' ban The PGA Tour runs the American circuit and plays a leading role in staging World Golf Championship events . It has traditionally adopted the rules of the R&A and USGA , which runs the Open Championship and U.S. Open , while the PGA of America organizes the US PGA Championship and American Ryder Cup team . With the European Tour already having announced its intention to abide with the R&A agenda , McIlroy feels the rest of the world should fall in line . He added : "  We have put the game of golf in the hands of the R&A and USGA for I do n't know how many years and have always abided by the rules that they 've set and I do n't think there should be any difference . "  If it were up to me , whatever decision the USGA comes to , maybe the pressure the PGA Tour has put on them , they might change their minds and rethink about it , and if they do that it 's totally fine with me . "	World No. 1 Rory McIlroy wants uniformity over putter ban proposal The PGA Tour opposes the proposed ban of anchored putting in golf The USGA and R & A plan to outlaw the technique by 2016 PGA Tour says there is no evidence that using the "  belly putter " offers an advantage
CNN  -- As ballots were being counted in Somaliland , a breakaway republic in northwest Somalia , officials said Sunday an observer from the electoral commission was killed . The former British colony held a presidential election Saturday . Voters lined up at polling stations under tight security ; more than 1 million had registered to cast their ballots , according to Ise Yusuf Mohamed , chairman of the electoral commission . Mohamed said the polling was peaceful , but acknowledged small outbreaks of violence , including the killing of the observer Saturday near the town of Lasa Anod . The observer 's identity and further details were not given . Mohamed warned the Somaliland people and the three political parties involved in the election not to celebrate results before they are officially declared . Security measures during the voting included a 12-hour ban on vehicles not carrying special permits , Mohamed said Saturday . Voters cast ballots under threats of violence from al-Shabaab , the primary Islamist group leading an insurgency in and around the capital city of Mogadishu in southern Somalia . In an audio message to local media , the group 's leader , Sheik Mukhtar Abdirahman Abu Zubeyr -- himself a descendant of Somaliland -- called democracy "  the devil 's principles " and warned people in Somaliland not to adopt it . Al-Shabaab militants attacked Somaliland and the neighboring semi-autonomous region of Puntland with simultaneous suicide blasts in October 2008 that killed at least 24 people . In the election , current President Dahir Riyale Kahin of the ruling party UDUD is opposed by two other candidates . The northwestern region of Somaliland achieved independence from Britain on June 26 , 1960 , followed by the rest of Somalia , which became independent of Italy five days later on July 1 , 1960 , and joined Somaliland to form the state of Somalia . After the fall of Somali dictator Siad Barre in 1991 , Somaliland declared its separation from Somalia , according to the CIA World Factbook . Somaliland has yet to receive international diplomatic recognition as a state but has achieved a level of security and stability unmatched in the rest of Somalia . Southern Somalia has not seen a stable government since the fall of the dictatorship and has been mired in civil war since its fall . The ongoing conflict has resulted in "  an unprecedented humanitarian crisis , " according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . "  In May  2010  , the fighting intensified in Mogadishu and displaced more than 270,000 people , causing the number of internally displaced persons to reach 1.5 million people , " according to a report on the UNHCR website . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Observer from Somaliland electoral commission killed Ballots being counted in election Voting took place Saturday under heavy security
CNN  -- Everything may be bigger in Texas , but it 's not all cowboy boots and big hair in Dallas . Streets of Sparkle fashion blogger Jaclyn Welch wo n't be stopping to snap a photo of stereotypical style any time soon . "  Your big hair ? Not getting on here ! " Welch said , laughing . "  It 's the football season look : cowboy boots , jean shorts . But the great thing about Dallas , since we have the stereotype in place already , is that you can get away with wearing cowboy boots . " Instead , the downtown Dallas scene is all about dressing to the nines in designer duds . Welch uses her blog to celebrate the flashy and classy women who treat the sidewalks as their stage . Even in the extreme summer swelter , Dallasites wo n't be caught without their heels and decadent ensembles . "  It 's like a Southern preppy twist , depending on the neighborhood , " Welch said . "  Everyone is wearing some sort of a classic piece . It 's a Neiman Marcus/J . Crew mix . " Below , Welch explains the Dallas look . CNN : What 's the style vibe in Dallas ? Welch : People 's perception of Dallas is really funny when they 've never been here . And when they come here , I guess they do n't expect women to shop -- like we 're all walking around in cowboy boots . Neiman Marcus was started here , so that 's the vibe . The women here love to dress up . It 's very classy , mixed with flashy -- a timeless look with a statement piece , like your shoes or a bag . Women here really appreciate that one designer piece . A lot of people in Dallas are n't from the area , so it 's a lot of bringing things in and mixing with what we already have . Colorful layers of style on Chicago 's streets CNN : In addition to Neiman Marcus , what other stores are popular for Dallasites ? Welch : Forty Five Ten brings in a lot of designers that you ca n't find anywhere . Our vintage stores are really good : Lula B 's , Dolly Python , Buffalo Exchange . We are a one-stop shopping type of people -- so NorthPark Center is where most Dallasites shop  they have everything , including our very first H&M , opening in August  . CNN : The temperatures are spiking in Dallas . How has that affected the street style ? Welch : The funny thing is , it 's 104 degrees and women still put in the effort to look good . To me , it 's kind of a celebration of style in this weather . The vibe is always going to be the same , and it 's a polished look . Here 's the thing about Dallas : Everyone is getting in their cars and walking into air-conditioned buildings , so it 's really hard to do a street style blog here . It 's not like Chicago or New York , with tons of people passing you by . You have to wait around and see what you find . Get smart : Portland street style CNN : How do you approach people to take their picture ? Welch : In Texas , we like to talk a lot , so everyone I stop has a story about what they 're wearing . Every piece is like a drawn-out conversation . A lot of street style blogs are just about the photography . For me , it 's the entire experience -- having that moment with someone and paying them a compliment , which is maybe a Southern way of doing things . Dallas women , because they dress up , want to be seen . When you walk up to them , and they got dressed for a reason today , they want somebody to say , "  you look good . " Imagine going your whole day and you 're like , "  I look so fabulous and not one person has told me I look good . " Then , imagine the day when somebody wants to take your picture . I think of it as "  this is your moment , make it yours . " That 's how it is in Texas . Fashion from Tokyo to Toronto CNN : What made you want to begin street style blogging ? Welch : It was always about the person , celebrating women who take the time to dress up and look good . I approach the people that I want to ask , "  where did you get that ? " It 's me communicating with them , asking what they do , where they 're from and then talking about the style in itself . I like the stories behind everything . It 's my favorite part , like a treasure hunt . There are a lot of people that I think look great and I do n't take their picture . So it 's not always about that , but an attitude you get from them . It 's walking down the street and whatever makes me go "  whoa . " First , it 's "  what are you wearing ? " and then , "  who are you , what 's the rest of the story ? " It 's not all country in Nashville	Jaclyn Welch 's street style blog shines the spotlight on Dallas ' flashy fashion Rather than cowboy boots , Dallas women dress in designer duds for every occasion Neiman Marcus and Forty Five Ten contribute to the designer scene in Dallas
Tokyo  CNN  -- The Japanese defense minister said Friday that he had ordered the country 's military to prepare a missile defense system ahead of a planned rocket launch by North Korea next month . North Korea said last week that it is planning to carry out a rocket-powered satellite launch between April 12 and 16 , alarming countries around the region . South Korea has said it considers the satellite launch an attempt to develop a nuclear-armed missile , while the United States has warned the move would jeopardize a food-aid agreement reached with Pyongyang in early March . Naoki Tanaka , the Japanese defense minister , said at a news conference Friday that he had requested that officials get ready for the deployment of anti-missile PAC3 and Eagis ships ahead of the launch . The Japanese government is also considering deploying a PAC3 missile defense system in Okinawa . Tanaka said he would visit Okinawa soon in preparation for such a move . Tanaka had said Monday that he would consider ordering the destruction of the projectile if it presented a risk to Japan . North Korea says it has a right to a peaceful space program and has invited international space experts and journalists to witness the launch . In a recent notice to the International Maritime Organization regarding the "  launch of an earth observation satellite , " the North Korean government provided notice of where the anticipated drop zones would be for the two-stage rocket . The notice was signed by North Korea 's director general of its maritime administration , Ko Nung Du , and advised the launch would take place between 7 a.m. and noon , local time , on one of the expected days . The rocket 's path will go over "  the South Korean islands of Baegryeong-do , Daecheong-do and Socheong-do , and then across open water until it passes between Japan 's Miyako and Ishigaki islands before heading further south , " according to the North Korea Tech blog which first obtained the North Korea documents and has plotted the coordinates . The expected drop zones of the two-stage rocket are off the western coast of South Korea and to the east of Luzon Island in the Philippines , according to the blog . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	North Korea 's announcement of a planned satellite launch has provoked alarm Other countries say it is a way of testing missile technology The Japanese defense minister orders the preparation of missile defenses
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Five former Blackwater security guards , indicted in a 2007 shooting incident in Baghdad that left 17 Iraqis dead , will surrender to the FBI on Monday , a source told CNN on Saturday . An Iraqi woman looks at a blood-stained car of two women killed in the 2007 Nusoor Square shooting . The men were identified as Donald Ball , 26 , of West Valley City , Utah ; Dustin Heard , 27 , of Knoxville , Tennessee. ; Evan Liberty , 26 , of Rochester , New Hampshire ; Nick Slatten , 25 , of Sparta , Tennessee ; and Paul Slough , 29 , of Keller , Texas . All have served in the military . Two people with knowledge of the case said Friday that a sixth security guard is in plea negotiations . The exact charges handed up by a federal grand jury this week were not revealed , because the indictment remains under court seal . It could be made public by Justice Department officials Monday . Sources have said that charges under consideration included murder and assault . The Justice Department had no comment on the development Friday . The State Department , which employed Blackwater to protect U.S. diplomats and other employees , also had no comment . Blackwater declined to comment until an official announcement is made . Blackwater Worldwide has been told by the government that the company will not face charges , according to several sources . "  We strongly disagree with the Department of Justice 's decision to bring charges against Dustin Heard , " attorney David Schertler said in a statement . "  Any charges brought against Mr. Heard are wrong and unjust . " Slough 's attorney , Mark Hulkower , said he is "  an honorable young man who served this country with distinction for many years . " CNN was attempting to contact attorneys for the other men Saturday . The six guards were informed during the summer that they were targets of the investigation into the September 16 , 2007 , shooting in a Baghdad intersection . Blackwater claims that its employees were returning fire after coming under attack from insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation called the killings "  premeditated murder . " None of the guards has worked for Blackwater since 2007 , company spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said . "  On September 16 , 2007 , at Nisour Square , Blackwater security guards were defending themselves and their comrades who were being shot at and receiving fire from Iraqis they believed to be enemy insurgents , in a place where the enemy has made a major city , Baghdad , the battlefield , " Schertler said . "  Because of that and because of the deceptive tactics used by these insurgents against Americans , civilian casualties tragically occur . "  We have been and remain determined and prepared to fight these charges , and we are confident that Dustin Heard will be vindicated . " The complex legal case has been dogged by difficulties and may present a major challenge to federal prosecutors . Among the potential problems is that the law under which the charges are expected to be brought covers contractors working for the U.S. military , but the Blackwater guards were contracted by the State Department . Some independent legal experts have questioned whether U.S. courts would have jurisdiction in this type of case . Also muddying the case are assurances of immunity initially given to the guards by State Department Diplomatic Security Agents , who were investigating the incident before the FBI tried to interview them when it took over the investigation . The State Department maintains that its agents did not offer blanket immunity from criminal prosecution but only promised that the statements the guards made on the scene could not be used against them in any prosecution . But when the investigation was turned over to the Justice Department to examine possible criminal activity , FBI agents discovered that some guards believed they were immune from prosecution and therefore refused to be interviewed again , complicating the FBI investigation . The indictments come within days of a new U.S.-Iraq Status of Forces Agreement , which pointedly specifies that U.S. civilian contractors will no longer be immune from Iraqi prosecution for crimes committed in that country . The State Department renewed Blackwater 's contract this year over strong objections from the Iraqi government . CNN 's Terry Frieden and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Five former Blackwater guards identified Sources say they are charged in 2007 shooting that killed 17 Iraqis Sixth guard in plea negotiations , sources say Charges could be made public as early as Monday
CNN  -- Philip Chism , a 15-year-old Massachusetts boy accused of raping and killing his math teacher in a high school bathroom , was arraigned Wednesday on attempted murder charges stemming from a separate attack on a female youth services clinician . Prosecutors laid out a narrative of what they said was "  the defendant 's intent to murder " a female employee last month at the Dorchester Department of Youth Services facility where Chism is being held pending trial , the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office said . A judge set bail at $ 250,000 and ordered Chism to not have contact with witnesses , including the victim . He is to appear in court September 19 and an automatic "  not a youthful offender " plea was entered on his behalf . Prosecutor : Chism planned attack on youth counselor Assistant District Attorney Mark Zanini said that on June 2 , Chism was in the facility 's main room , which is bordered by a low wall . A staff member was seated at a station behind the wall , able to look down into the room . Behind the staffer was a hallway used by staff . Zanini said Chism had refused to attend classes while in custody . Instead , Chism was instructed to sit and study at a table in the open room . Despite a rule that he sit at the table closest to his room , Chism allegedly sat at a table that provided him a view of the hallway behind the staffer , the statement said . At some point , the 29-year-old female victim , whom Chism had known for several months , walked down the hallway and entered a bathroom inside a staff locker room , according to the statement . Chism was "  confident the other staffer was distracted " and kicked off his sandals , which would have made noise on the floor , before moving toward the hallway in a crouch that kept him out of the staffer 's view , Zanini said at the arraignment . Chism had a pencil in his hand and opened the door to the locker room , according to the statement . When the female clinician came out of the bathroom , Chism stared at her from about a foot away . He placed both his hands around her neck and began to choke her while pushing her back against the cinder block wall in the bathroom , according to the statement . The victim was unable to scream because Chism 's hands tightly gripped her throat , Zanini said . When she managed to get his right hand away from her neck , Chism punched her in the face , head and jaw , prosecutors said . She screamed as other staffers rushed to help her and restrain him , Zanini told the court . The victim suffered bruises to her face , jaw and head , along with a scratch on her back consistent with a tear in her shirt that appeared to be from the pencil Chism carried , according to the statement . Chism was charged with attempted murder by strangulation , assault with intent to murder , kidnapping and two counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon : a pencil and the cinder block wall . Chism 's attorney , Denise Regan , declined to comment . Chism is also accused of killing his algebra teacher , Colleen Ritzer . Chism , 14 at the time , used a box cutter he had taken to school to kill Ritzer , 24 , in October 2013 in a girls ' bathroom at Danvers High School , police and prosecutors said . Massachusetts teen admitted killing popular teacher , affidavit says Chism pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape , robbery and murder charges in January . He is being tried as an adult . After Chism was reported missing by his mother on the evening of October 22 , police had his cellular phone company "  ping " the location of his phone . The phone was found to be near the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned the teen had purchased a movie ticket and then left . A court affidavit said that when Chism was spotted by a police officer the next day , he was carrying a knife ; a search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded : "  The girl . " Police said he was carrying credit cards and a driver 's license belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of women 's underwear . Police discovered Ritzer 's body in a wooded area near the school , covered with leaves and debris in an apparent attempt to conceal it , court papers said . Her throat was slit . Chism 's case for the alleged assault on the youth services worker is scheduled for a pretrial conference on September 19 , but his presence for that event has been waived , according to the statement . Caring , compassionate Massachusetts teacher was ` brilliant ray of light ' Police affidavit offers chilling details of teacher 's slaying Teen pleads not guilty to rape , murder of high school math teacher	Philip Chism , 15 , accused of attempted murder in assault on youth services worker In another case , teen is charged in rape and killing of algebra teacher Colleen Ritzer Prosecutors lay out narrative of what they said was "  the defendant 's intent to murder "
CNN  When I was a child , a pale specter used to call our house most evenings , eager to chat with my doctor father about her myriad medical concerns . We called her the "  White Bread Lady , " a moniker she earned for one particularly inane call in which she panicked to my father after consuming white bread . She was n't breaking out in hives or having any adverse effects to the bread . No , she was just concerned that some future illness could befall her given that one particular dietary decision . Although we all laughed at the time , it was with a bit of shifty-eyed shame . Because most of us  including if not particularly the illustrious Ehrlich family  have lurking within us our very own "  White Bread Lady , " ready to convince us that each cough , sniffle and less-than-nutritious meal might be a detriment to our health . And , naturally , that White Bread Lady looms even larger when we can type our worries into a search bar and unlock a bevy of potentially distressing information . Yup , so quoth Google , we all have cancer . According to the Pew Research Center , 80 % of Internet users have looked up health information online . While that practice can be beneficial in some respects , the abundance of  variably valid  information online can turn us into e-hypochondriacs .  Or , worse , can lead us to neglect getting the care we need . Read on for five mistakes -- courtesy of a selection of health care professionals -- that people make when diagnosing themselves online . Searching blind Your eye is twitching like an overly caffeinated college student sitting behind a pretty girl in lecture hall , twirling his pencil and hoping to catch a whiff of her lovely shining hair . You type "  eye twitch " into Google and come up with a really rad website that explains that this newfound spasm is actually an indication that your third eye is fixing to open , revealing to you wonders untold . You are the chosen one . Too bad that this trove of "  medical information " is actually some dude 's fan-fiction site . Sure , the above is an extreme example , but , as Dr. Kevin Pho of KevinMD.com pointed out , "  There 's a lot of bad information on the Web and information that can be dangerous . " Especially if you 're not considering who put up that information in the first place . Pho urges users to favor Web addresses ending in . org and . edu when looking for reputable health-care info , and to check who is funding the collection of that information . "  There 's so much information from organizations trying to sell products or push their agenda on the Web , " he said . He suggests turning to sites like Mayo Clinic as well as troves of information curated by doctors  like Pho 's own website  when trolling the web for info . And , of course , if a site mentions trolls and third eyes , one should definitely press on . Flailing in forums If there 's one thing people like to do online , it 's talk about their problems -- especially mundane things like coughs and headaches and their babies ' various and sundry discharges . That 's all well and good ; sharing experiences with others is enriching ! Unless the people you 're sharing with are idiots . "  You can easily fall into that rabbit hole and find some forum that really is n't relevant but maybe sounds kind of close , " warned Craig Monsen , co-founder of symptom-checker app SymCat . On the other hand , "  sometimes you 'll stumble on exactly the right forum where someone has your same exact problem , and their solution does help . " "  Health care forums are definitely another tool that individuals can use in order to crowdsource a diagnosis based on their symptoms , " added Dr. Natasha Burgert of KC Kids Doc . "  I think that these can be a really powerful tool not only for discussing potential diagnosis or symptom relief but also finding a forum of individuals in which you can discuss emotional and psychological parts of an illness and develop a wonderful online support community . " The trick is to be wary about the issues being discussed in forums and how germane they are to you . And , you know , if people start talking about homemade remedies fashioned from bleach , maybe click off and see a doc . Getting emotional You know that game "  6 Degrees of Kevin Bacon " ? There should seriously be a version of that called "  6 Degrees of Cancer " -- as in , when looking up your symptoms online , how long does it take to deduce that you have a life-threatening disease instead of , say , a simple cold ? According to Burgert , the root of this whole "  worst-case scenario " thing is getting too emotional . "  For most intents and purposes , when you 're looking for online health information , it 's about yourself or a family member , " she said . "  When you 're looking through that lens , it 's very hard to keep emotional distance . So you can read about a diagnosis that either makes you very scared or calms your fears -- and that 's the path you 'll continue down , whether it 's correct or not . " Burgert suggested using online symptom checkers simply to "  understand possible diagnoses , find some initial steps for relieving the symptoms and determine if this is something that needs further evaluation or that can be managed at home . " SymCat and Mayo Clinic 's symptom checker let you type in what you 're experiencing and unearth a spectrum of diagnoses and suggestions for when to seek a doctor 's aid . Your doctor 's website might also have such a tool . Voila , you just increased your separation from cancer by at least a couple of degrees . Keeping mum around MDs "  I think , traditionally , many physicians are a little apprehensive when that stereotypical patient comes to their office with big stacks of printouts from the Internet , " Pho said . "  But I think more and more doctors are accepting it . Personally , I think that transparency of information is helpful in a way . " Translation : Help your doctor help you . If you 're worried about a particular medical situation and did some research to help narrow down what 's ailing you , share that info with your physician . "  I really appreciate when patients bring in information that they found online , because it allows me to guide my instruction and plan based on their true concerns , " Burgert said . "  People get scared when they get sick and hurt , and they want to use multiple sources of information to help themselves . The Internet adds to that physician 's expertise in order to do that . " Remember , though , knowing how to use the Internet does n't make you a doctor . Google does n't count as a second opinion . If you 're unhappy with your doc 's diagnosis , go get one the traditional way . Putting off the inevitable If your ailment is n't going away , all the symptom-checking and Mayo Clinic-ing in the world is n't going to help you . Make a doctor 's appointment . Like , right now . Sites like ZocDoc make it super easy  and free ; doctors pay to be listed  to set up an appointment ASAP , so no whining that you 'll have to wait two weeks to see a doc and maybe by then "  it " will have gone away . Unless , of course , "  it " is that white bread you just ate . In that case , please stop calling my dad .	According to a Pew report , 80 % of Internet users have looked up health info online Sites like Mayo Clinic and others curated by doctors are safer than online forums
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI 's former butler declared himself innocent Tuesday of a charge of aggravated theft in connection with leaked documents -- but said he had abused the pope 's trust . Paolo Gabriele has previously admitted taking hundreds of secret papers from the pope 's personal apartment and passing them to an Italian journalist . Opinion : Scandals block Vatican 's message Gabriele asserted his innocence Tuesday when he was asked by his lawyer about the theft charge , according to a pool of selected journalists allowed into the courtroom . The Vatican penal system does not require a formal plea . But , he said : "  I feel guilty of having betrayed the trust that the Holy Father gave me . " The former butler added that he felt he was "  the closest layman to the pope . " Corruption claims resulting from the publication of a book based on the leaked materials rocked the Catholic Church hierarchy and could even affect who becomes the next pope . Testifying Tuesday , Gabriele told the presiding judge , Giuseppe Dalla Torre , that he had received no money in exchange for the papers , according to the journalist pool . The accused said he did not believe he was the only person to give "  news " to the press over the years , but also said that he had "  no accomplices . " Read more : Vatican newspaper calls fragment referring to Jesus ' wife ' a fake ' Computer technician Claudio Sciarpelletti , who worked in the Vatican 's secretariat of state , is accused of complicity in the crime . The court will try him separately , once the former butler 's trial is finished . If convicted of aggravated theft , Gabriele could face up to eight years in an Italian prison , although it is possible the pontiff could choose to pardon him . Sciarpelletti would face a shorter prison term of only a few months if found guilty . Questioned by Dalla Torre about how and why he had collected the documents , Gabriele said he had started photocopying them in 2010 . He said his "  intention was to find a person he could fully trust to whom to vent ... . about the disconcerting atmosphere in the Vatican , felt not only by me . This feeling of bewilderment was widely felt in the Vatican . " Gabriele said he had made the photocopies during regular working hours and in front of other people who worked in the same office . He told the court that he used his "  instincts " in choosing what to photocopy . He said he had received no money or any other benefit from the person to whom he gave the documents , adding that this "  was the essential condition of our agreement . " Gabriele also said that "  the book was certainly not something he wanted . " A prosecutor in the case said in a report last month that Gabriele had acted out of a desire to combat "  evil and corruption everywhere in the Church . " "  I was certain that a shock ... would have been healthy to bring the church back onto the right track , " Gabriele is quoted as saying by the prosecutor , Nicola Piccardi . Asked Tuesday about a gold nugget belonging to the pope that was found by police who searched his apartment , Gabriele told the court he had n't known it was there . The officers who carried out the search said the nugget was 3-4 centimeters  just over an inch  long and had been discovered in a shoebox , along with a signed check made out to the pontiff . The court heard Saturday that 82 boxes of evidence were removed from Gabriele 's apartments in Vatican City and Castel Gondolfo , a small town near Rome . Also Tuesday , the pope 's personal secretary , Monsignor George Gaenswein , testified that he never "  had any reason to doubt " Gabriele . More witnesses will be heard in the case Wednesday . Recalling his initial detention in May , Gabriele told the court that when he was first arrested he was put in a cell so small he could n't open his arms out to their full extent . He was later moved to another , larger cell , Gabriele said . However , in this cell , where he was held for 15 to 20 days , the light was kept on 24 hours a day with no means for him to turn it off , he said . Gabriele said his eyesight had been damaged as a result . The Vatican prosecutor 's office has opened an investigation into his claims of poor treatment in detention . But Jesuit Father Federico Lombardi , head of the Holy See media office , told reporters in a briefing after the court session that the cells used by the Vatican meet international standards . Lombardi also suggested that the allegations by Gabriele 's defense lawyer that his client had been inhumanely treated seem questionable , since they were only coming out now . A statement from the Vatican Police said the force had been in the process of upgrading its long-term cells when Gabriele was arrested . The work was accelerated and he was moved to a more comfortable cell after 20 days , the statement said . The Vatican cells meet the standards present in other countries for similar situations , the statement said . It added that Gabriele had asked for the light to be left on to keep him company at night , and that he had been provided with eye masks . Gabriele was given access to medical staff and a spiritual adviser , as well as being allowed to attend mass with his family , the statement added . Read more : CNN Belief Blog Gabriele , wearing the same gray suit he had on for Saturday 's initial hearing , appeared more relaxed Tuesday , smiling , closing his eyes briefly and intermittently chewing either gum or candy , according to the journalist pool . In the previous hearing Gabriele had appeared pale as he sat largely expressionless in the courtroom . Both sessions were held under closely controlled conditions , with only a handful of approved reporters allowed to attend . They were required to brief other journalists . On Saturday , the admitted journalists were made to hand over their own pens in exchange for Vatican-issue ones in case any contained concealed recording devices . Gabriele 's family did not attend either session . The former butler 's lawyer , Christiana Arru , filed objections concerning the admissibility of evidence Saturday , including the results of a psychological exam conducted without the presence of his lawyer and footage gathered via a hidden camera , some of which the court accepted . CNN Belief Blog : Pope 's butler leaked papers to shock ` corrupt ' Church , prosecutor says Gabriele 's case is thought to be the most significant ever heard in the Vatican City courthouse , which has handled mostly petty theft cases in the past . A Vatican legal expert , Cardinal Velasio De Paolis , said in an interview published Sunday in Italian newspaper La Repubblica that popes in the past have typically granted pardons in the face of sincere confessions and repentance . The Vatican City State penal code for proceedings involving its citizens is based on the Italian penal code of the second half of the 19th century . Dalla Torre will lead the debate in the courthouse , located behind St. Peter 's Basilica , and question the defendant directly . Prison terms handed down by the court are served in the Italian prison system , under an agreement between the Vatican City State and Italy . Gabriele was arrested in May , following a top-level Vatican investigation into how the pope 's private documents appeared in the best-selling book "  Sua Santita "  "  His Holiness "  , by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi . The Vatican called the publication of his book "  criminal " when it was released in Italian .	NEW : Vatican Police rejects Gabriele 's claim that he was poorly treated in detention NEW : Gabriele says he copied documents because of troubling Vatican atmosphere The former butler says he is innocent of theft but has betrayed the pope 's trust Leaked documents were cited in a book alleging corruption in the church hierarchy
CNN  -- The ugly subject of sledging in cricket raised its head again on Thursday as Australia remained on course for a 4-0 series whitewash against the touring India side . Virat Kohli scored his maiden Test century , but the young India batsman complained bitterly about the comments he received after almost running himself out on 99 . The 23-year-old blamed Ben Hilfenhaus after his ordeal at the end of the 90th over , bowled by five-wicket hero Peter Siddle , which came on Australia 's national holiday . Australia captain Clarke joins illustrious club "  Hilfenhaus said something to me which was totally unnecessary ... out of the blue , " Kohli told reporters . "  He was n't even bowling or doing anything . I survived that run out and he just said something which I ca n't obviously say in a press conference . I gave it back to him , saying , ` You did n't even have anything to do with it , why would you do that ? ' " At the time Kohli , playing in his eighth Test match , was making a defiant stand of 33 runs for the ninth wicket with tailender Ishant Sharma in hot conditions in Adelaide . "  They sledge when they get frustrated . Obviously it was hot out there , " he said . "  Constantly they were sledging the players so they could spoil our concentration . During that partnership they were really , really loud . " Kohli also complained about abuse from the crowd -- a single-day record 35,081 for Australia-India matches at the venue -- when he was fielding later . Australia reached stumps on 50-3 in their second innings , an overall lead of 382 runs after India 's first-innings 272 . "  It is really , really frustrating at times because they say stuff which should n't be said on a cricket field , " Kohli said . "  We go out there to play , not to get abused like that . If they 've come here to enjoy the game of cricket they should do that , not get drunk and abuse players . "  If the players say anything they 're fined and banned , but the crowd can just say anything and go home . " Tensions between the side were stoked before the match started when India batsman Gautam Gambhir criticised Siddle , saying the bowler could only perform his own wickets . However , his words came back to haunt him as Siddle dismissed the opener for 34 with a rising delivery as he claimed figures of 5-49 and a total of 22 wickets so far in the series . "  Gambhir thought I had the luck of the green wickets but I guess there was n't much bounce in this wicket today and it seemed to get him out , so it was a nice little reward for a wicket that is hard to bowl on , " Siddle said . He also claimed the scalp of cricket 's highest run scorer Sachin Tendulkar , who fell for 25 as his bid to become the first player to score 100 international centuries continues . Hilfenhaus contributed 3-62 , while Kohli top-scored with 116 as he added 114 for the sixth wicket with Wriddhiman Saha , who made 34 standing in for suspended captain and wicketkeeper Mahendra Singh Dhoni . Spinner Ravichandran Ashwin then took two wickets and veteran fast bowler Zaheer Khan another as the Australian top order collapsed . Captain Michael Clarke and his predecessor Ricky Ponting , who both made double centuries in Australia 's first innings of 604-7 declared , were unbeaten on nine and one respectively at the end of the third day . Meanwhile , Pakistan took four late wickets to restrict England 's hopes of a big first-innings lead in the second Test in Abu Dhabi on Thursday . Top-ranked England , having dismissed the "  home " side for 257 , ended the second day on 207-5 as off-spinner Saeed Ajmal continued his fine form . Ajmal , who took 7-55 as Pakistan won the first test in Dubai by 10 wickets , dismissed opener Alastair Cook  94  , Kevin Pietersen  14  and Eoin Morgan  three  in the last 30 minutes . Abdur Rehman started the collapse when he bowled Jonathan Trott for 74 , ending a stand of 139 with Cook . Pakistan had resumed on 256-7 , but seamer Stuart Broad dismissed captain Misbah-ul-Haq  84  to finish with four wickets , and James Anderson took two in four balls in the next over . The three-match series is being played in the United Arab Emirates as Pakistan can not host internationals due to past security problems .	India batsman Virat Kohli accuses Australia 's Ben Hilfenhaus of unnecessary sledging The incident occurred when Kohli almost ran himself out shortly before scoring his maiden Test 100 Kohli also complained of abuse he received from the home crowd in Adelaide Pakistan 's bowlers take four late wickets to restrict England 's batsmen in Abu Dhabi
CNN  -- The NFL , already under a spotlight for its handling of domestic violence cases , now has one of its players under investigation for an alleged sexual assault last month . A woman has filed a police report accusing C.J. Spillman of sexual assault , said Sgt. Robert Eberling of the Grapevine Police Department . No arrest has been made and no charges filed in the case . The alleged assault took place on September 20 at the Gaylord Texan Hotel , which is the Cowboys ' team hotel , CNN affiliate KDFW reported . "  We are continuing our investigation and have no further details to release at this time , " Eberling said . CNN reached out to the NFL and the Dallas Cowboys but did n't receive immediate comment from either . Attorney Bruce Ashworth could n't be immediately reached , and agent Ron Slavin said , "  We 're not making a comment at this time . " The alleged assault took place a day after NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced changes to the league 's personal conduct policy , including the creation of a committee to review the NFL 's personal conduct policy to address the league 's handling of domestic violence and sexual assault cases . Goodell said he hoped to have the committee in place by the time the Super Bowl is played February 2 , but he did not provide a time line for the committee to make changes to the policy . Word of the alleged attack came just days after attorney Gloria Allred held a news conference saying she had a client who was sexually assaulted by an NFL player . Allred did n't name her client , the player , the team he played for or the city where it was supposed to have taken place . She said the player participated in the team 's game the day following the alleged assault . "  Did the NFL allow the player to play yesterday with knowledge of the rape allegation ? " her Monday letter states . "  The NFL Commissioner has been saying that they take allegations of violence against women seriously and they indicate that they are turning over a new leaf , but here , even though a rape allegation should have been reported to them it was not and what are they doing about that ? " The news comes on a week in which Cowboys coach Jason Garrett told players of the team 's zero-tolerance policy when it comes to domestic violence , according to local media . If a player is involved in a domestic violence case , they wo n't play , regardless of due process , The Dallas Morning News reported . "  Part of what our jobs are as coaches is to create the right environment for our players to function both on and off the field , " Garrett was quoted as saying . Though the NFL and Spillman 's team , lawyer and agent are n't commenting , the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported that a Cowboys source told the newspaper that the team was dealing with Spillman differently because of questions about the veracity of the allegation . The allegations come on the heels of charges levied against NFL players alleging violence : -- Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice was charged with aggravated assault in March after punching and knocking out his now-wife . He has been suspended indefinitely . -- Last month , Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson was charged with felony child abuse for whipping his son in Texas . He will take a leave with pay until his case is complete , the team said . -- Arizona Cardinals backup running back Jonathan Dwyer was indicted last month on a felony charge of aggravated assault and eight misdemeanors stemming from two July arguments with his wife in which he allegedly head-butted her and fractured her nose . -- Carolina Panthers star defensive end Greg Hardy , who has been granted a new trial this fall after a domestic violence conviction in July , has taken a voluntary leave with pay until his legal matters are resolved , the team announced last month . -- San Francisco 49ers defensive end Ray McDonald was arrested in August on suspicion of felony domestic violence after he allegedly got involved in an altercation with his fiancee , who was 10 weeks pregnant , a police source told The Sacramento Bee . San Francisco 49ers CEO Jed York said the team would await the outcome of the criminal case before determining whether to punish him . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Steve Almasy , Dave Alsup and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Dallas player C.J. Spillman is part of a sexual assault investigation , police say The alleged assault took place on September 20 at the Gaylord Texan Hotel The NFL is making changes to its personal conduct policy Several league players are facing abuse allegations
New York  CNN  -- If "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark " can rise above devastating reviews and headline-grabbing injuries , much of the credit will go to director Philip William McKinley . McKinley was hired four months ago to salvage the troubled show , which officially opens Tuesday evening . "  Well , they say I 'm either the bravest or stupidest man in New York , " McKinley said . As stuntmen flew overhead before an afternoon matinee preview , McKinley says he took the job in large part because of the commitment of the show 's team . "  From what the cast had gone through , I knew they had the dedication , the creativity , the formidability to do it . And that meant a great deal to me , " he said . McKinley , a Broadway veteran , has the creative experience for the job . When "  Spider-Man 2.0 , " the nickname for the retooled version , opens , it will have gone through millions of dollars in development costs , six delayed openings and a record-setting 180 preview performances . The original concept for "  Spider-Man " was the vision of Julie Taymor , the Tony Award-winning director of the stage version of The Lion King . She was pushed aside by producers in March , although she reportedly retains some involvement in the show . Musical collaborators are U2 bandmates Bono and the Edge , who wrote the show 's music and lyrics , stayed on and added several new songs while rewriting a few others . Also added to the revamped show are an additional five flying sequences and expanded roles for Aunt May , Uncle Ben and love-interest Mary Jane Watson . But despite the changes , many fear the worst for the show financially . Foxwoods Theatre is one of the largest on Broadway . If "  Spider-Man " is going to be successful , the show will have to fill the seats in the house for years to come . "  The weekly running costs just to pay the actors , the stagehands and all that stuff is $ 1.3 million , " said NY Post Theater Critic Michael Riedel . "  Now the show is grossing , according to Variety , over a million dollars a week . But that 's just breaking even . They have n't even begun to chip away at the $ 80 million production costs . " Still , McKinley says audiences seem to love the show . And from the very first preview since the big revamp , the cast has been pumped , he said . "  The magical moment was when the curtain went down , the cast completely lost all their composure , began jumping up and down , began high-fiving each other like at a baseball game or a football game , " he said . "  They were just cheering . " "  The song in the show , ` Rise Above , ' that 's kind of become our motto and kind of become the anthem . "	Getting the production to opening night has cost an estimated $ 80 million Musical collaborators are U2 bandmates Bono and the Edge They have added several new songs , while rewriting a few others The show must gross more than $ 1 million a week to meet costs
CNN  -- Manchester United have qualified for the last 16 of the Champions League as Group C winners , despite being held 1-1 at home to Valencia on Tuesday . United went into the match on the verge of creating history . No side had ever gone through all six group games without conceding a goal -- but a clean sheet against their Spanish visitors would have seen the Premier League giants achieve that feat . However , that dream died in the 32nd minute when Michael Carrick lost the ball to Alejandro Dominguez -- who perfectly teed up Pablo Hernandez to give Valencia the lead . With both teams already qualifying for the knockout stages , a Valencia win would have seen them go through as group winners . And they remained on course for the three points until the 63rd minute when Anderson scored a rare goal to earn United a draw , the Brazilian midfielder reacting quickest after Park Ji-sung 's shot was parried by goalkeeper Vicente Guaita . Scottish champions Glasgow Rangers finished third in the group -- and take the Europa League place in the process -- after drawing 1-1 at Bursaspor . Top scorer Kenny Miller opened the scoring for the visitors in the 19th minute when he superbly lashed home a left-footed shot from 12 yards out . But the Turkish hosts collected their first-ever Champions League point when Sercan Yildirim stabbed the ball past goalkeeper Allan McGregor with 11 minutes left . Defending champions Inter Milan had already qualified for the knockout stages , but their run of poor form continued as they were thrashed 3-0 at Werder Bremen in Group A . A Sebastian Proedl header and a Marko Arnautovic volley sealed the points for the Bundesliga side , with Claudio Pizarro adding the third near the end . A victory would have seen Rafael Benitez 's side go through as group winners , but their heaviest defeat in Europe for five years allowed Tottenham to win the group on 11 points after a thrilling 3-3 draw at FC Twente . An end-to-end encounter saw Spurs go ahead when 40-year-old goalkeeper Sander Boschker completely missed a Peter Wisgerhof backpass , allowing the ball to dribble into the net . The home side levelled with a twice-taken Denny Landzaat penalty , but Jermain Defoe put the London side ahead early in the second half from close range . A Roberto Rosales header brought Twente on level terms again , but another Defoe goal looked to have sealed the points for Tottenham . However , a superb Nacer Chadli free-kick ensured the match finished all-square . The result meant that Twente qualified for the Europa League in third place but Werder Bremen go out of Europe altogether despite beating Inter . Tournament favorites Barcelona ended their Group D campaign with another victory , as a second-string side eased to a 2-0 home win over Rubin Kazan . Andreu Fontas put Barca ahead with a deflected effort and Victor Vazquez sealed the win eight minutes from time . The result means Barca finish top of the group with 14 points , while Russian side Rubin finished third to reach the Europa League . That result ensured FC Copenhagen went through in second place regardless of the outcome of their match against Panathinakos , but the Danish side went through in style -- winning 3-1 to become the first team from their nation to reach the last 16 stage . A Martin Vingard strike , a Jesper Gronkjaer penalty and a Djibril Cisse own goal secured the victory , with Cedric Kante grabbing a consolation goal for the Greek side , who finished bottom of the group to go out of Europe . German Bundesliga strugglers Schalke have saved their best form for Europe this season and they finished top of Group B after a 2-1 success at Benfica , who will now go into the Europa League . Lyon have qualified in second place , but the French side needed a late Alexandre Lacazette goal to earn a 2-2 home draw with Hapoel Tev Aviv . The Israeli side would have finished third but for conceding two minutes from time , a goal which means their European adventure is over for this season .	Manchester United qualify for the last 16 of Champions League as Group C winners United top group despite being held to a 1-1 home draw by Spanish side Valencia Holders Inter Milan qualify second in Group A after a heavy 3-0 defeat at Werder Bremen Barcelona end their Group D campaign with a comfortable 2-0 win over Rubin Kazan
An Iranian woman convicted of murder -- in a killing that human rights groups called self-defense against a rapist -- was hanged Saturday , state news agency IRNA reported . Reyhaneh Jabbari , 26 , was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of Morteza Abdolali Sarbandi , a former employee of Iran 's Ministry of Intelligence and Security . The United Nations has said she never received a fair trial . The U.S. State Department also said there were concerns about the trial . "  There were serious concerns with the fairness of the trial and the circumstances surrounding this case , including reports of confessions made under severe duress , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Saturday . "  We condemn this morning 's execution in Iran of Reyhaneh Jabbari , an Iranian woman convicted of killing a man she said she stabbed in self-defense during a sexual assault , " Psaki said . Jabbari 's execution was originally scheduled for September 30 , but was postponed . Amnesty International said the delay may have been in response to the public outcry against the execution . Jabbari was convicted of murder after "  a flawed investigation and unfair trial , " according to Amnesty International . The United Nations has said Sarbandi hired Jabbari -- then a 19-year-old interior designer -- to work on his office . She stabbed him after he sexually assaulted her , it said . Jabbari was held in solitary confinement without access to her lawyer and family for two months , Amnesty International said in a statement . She was tortured during that time , the group said . "  Amnesty International understands that , at the outset of the investigation , Reyhaneh Jabbari admitted to stabbing the man once in the back , but claimed she had done so after he had tried to sexually abuse her , " the rights group said . "  She also maintained that a third person in the house had been involved in the killing . These claims , if proven , could exonerate her but are believed never to have been properly investigated , raising many questions about the circumstances of the killing . " Iranian Oscar-winning director Asghar Farhadi joined scores of Iranian artists and musicians calling for a halt to the execution . In an open letter , Farhadi asked the victim 's family to pardon her , a possibility under Iranian law . Rights groups have criticized Iran for a surge in executions under Hassan Rouhani in his first year as president . UK Foreign Office Minister for the Middle East Tobias Ellwood said he was "  very concerned and saddened " that Jabbari had been executed , especially given the questions concerning due process in the case . "  The UN Special Rapporteur for Human Rights in Iran , Dr Ahmed Shaheed , noted that her conviction was allegedly based on confessions made while under threat , and the court failed to take into account all evidence into its judgment , " he said in a statement . "  Actions like these do not help Iran build confidence or trust with the international community . I urge Iran to put a moratorium on all executions . " According to the United Nations , Iran has executed at least 170 people this year . Last year , it executed more people than any other country with the exception of China , the world 's most populous nation . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , speaking in July , said the death penalty has no place in the 21st century and urged all countries to work toward its abolition .	U.S. State Department condemns execution , questions fairness of trial Woman was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of a former intelligence ministry employee Rights group says she was sexually assaulted and killed her attacker in self-defense It says she was convicted of murder after "  a flawed investigation and unfair trial "
CNN  The passengers and crew aboard AirAsia Flight QZ8501 expected to land in Singapore at 8:30 a.m. on Sunday , after a flight of just over two hours . They departed Juanda International Airport in Indonesia 's East Java early that morning , but amid increasingly bad weather one of the pilots requested to deviate from their planned route , AirAsia said in a statement . Although little is known about the aircraft 's disappearance , the region has been struck by torrential rain -- which has some speculating that inclement weather could have played a role in the flight 's disappearance The plane was still traceable about five minutes before it disappeared , according to Indonesian state media . One minute before it lost contact , the pilot requested to raise the plane 's flying altitude due to bad weather . CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis says that this maneuver could have been made in order to avoid turbulence . "  Turbulence does n't bring an aircraft down , " Maginnis said . "  It may be a pilot reaction to the turbulence . It may be perhaps it got too close to a thunderstorm . There could be so many variables . " It 's unclear where the diversion took place , but CNN 's aviation expert Richard Quest says that 's where investigators ' attention should focus . "  Bad weather per se does not bring down aircraft , " he said . "  How the pilot may respond to bad weather could be an issue in this case . " AirAsia statement on missing airliner Torrential rains The region has been plagued by heavy rain and severe flooding in recent weeks -- something that the pilots should have been acutely aware of and trained to respond to , according to Maginnis . "  It is typical they would encounter monsoon weather , " Maginnis said . "  They  the pilots  would have had monsoon training . " With around 8,000 flying hours between them , the pilots could be considered "  moderately experienced , " Quest said . Tony Fernandes , the CEO and founder of AirAsia , told CNN 's Andrew Stevens that the captain had 20,000 hours of flying experience , 7,000 of which were with AirAsia on the same model of plane that disappeared . Mary Schiavo , CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation , said weather can change quickly and there may have been little time to act . "  This weather system might have built up very quickly and they 're on their own up there . With the weather up to 52,000 feet , and the operation ceiling is up to about 40,000 on this plane , so they might not have had many options , " she said . Search and rescue The plane was flying through Indonesian-monitored airspace -- or Indonesia 's flight information region -- when contact was lost , according to AirAsia . Several hours after it disappeared , Malaysia 's Ministry of Transport confirmed the Indonesian government had started a search and rescue mission for the missing plane . "  They need to be searching the water but not necessarily for a plane , they need to be searching for any clues , " Schiavo said . The flight 's original flight path , a journey of 1,362 kilometers  846 miles  , took it over the Java Sea . And while the search wo n't cover as large an area as that of MH370 , the Malaysia Airlines flight that disappeared in March , it is still a "  broad area , " which will be affected by weather , according to Maginnis .	AirAsia flight disappears during journey to Singapore Pilots requested diversion due to bad weather "  Bad weather per se does not bring down aircraft , " says CNN 's Richard Quest Thunderstorms could have been too high for plane to fly over
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Flooding caused by heavy rains killed at least 102 people in three provinces of northern Afghanistan , disaster officials said Friday . Dozens are still missing after the flooding Thursday night in Jawzjan , Faryab and Sar-e-Pul provinces , Afghanistan 's Natural Disaster Management Agency said . In Jawzjan province , more than 100 people have been injured and over 30 villages remain underwater , said Gen. Faqir Mohammad , the local police chief . He warned that the number of casualties may rise as the flooding continues . In Faryab province , flooding has killed 40 people , injured dozens and left 10,000 domestic animals dead , deputy provincial governor Abdulsatar Barez said . Witnesses reported seeing people climbing trees to save themselves from the rising water .	Flooding has hit three northern provinces , Afghan officials say Thirty villages remain underwater in one province , official says Jawzjan provincial police chief warns the number of casualties may rise
CNN  -- A tsunami advisory was cancelled in Japan Wednesday , hours after a 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of the main island of Honshu , the country 's meteorological agency said . The quake was centered 169 kilometers  105 miles  off the east coast of Honshu , directly east of the city of Sendai , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake occurred about 8.8 miles below the earth 's surface , the geological survey said . CNN correspondent Kyung Lah said she could feel the earthquake in Tokyo , 267 miles  429 kilometers  southwest of the quake 's epicenter . It lasted as long as three minutes , but there was no significant damage , she said . TV Asahi showed video of boats rocking back and forth , as well as images taken from shaken city cams as the earthquake hit .	NEW : Tsunami advisory is called off Quake was centered 105 miles of the coast of Honshu , Japan 's main island Tremor could be felt in Tokyo , 267 miles from epicenter , CNN reporter says
Mashable  -- Groupon is fervently preparing for its most ambitious venture yet : the launch of a new mobile application that the company hopes will change when and how society chooses to eat , shop and play . The application , known as Groupon Now , is remarkably and elegantly simple , yet it 's a radical departure from Groupon 's current deal-a-day business model . When a user opens up the smartphone app , he or she will be presented with just two buttons : "  I 'm hungry " and "  I 'm bored . " Clicking either button will open up a list of time-specific daily deals , based on his or her location . The familiar $ 10 coupons for $ 20 worth of food are still there , but they 're not one-time offers . Instead , businesses can choose when they want these deals to be available . Say a restaurant is incredibly busy on Saturdays but could use more business on Wednesdays . With Groupon Now , that business can fill its seats during slow business days using time-specific deals . That 's the beauty of Groupon Now : local businesses have never really had a simple way to manage their perishable inventory , especially labor and food . Why waste those resources during slow periods when you can bring savings-savvy consumers through the doors with a highly targeted Groupon deal ? "  For merchants , the daily deal is like teeth whitening , and Groupon Now is like brushing your teeth . It can be an everyday thing to keep your business going , " Groupon founder and CEO Andrew Mason told Bloomberg Businessweek in an extensive interview on the new product . The daily deals company has been on a tear recently -- in fact it is the fastest growing company in history -- but it faces stiff competition from companies with increasing muscle . Groupon is reportedly preparing for a $ 25 billion IPO just months after famously rejecting a $ 6 billion acquisition offer from Google , but its biggest competitor , LivingSocial , is preparing to raise half a billion dollars in funding . Not only that , but the # 2 daily deals service has an app similar to Groupon Now already on the market . Groupon clearly believes Groupon Now is the future , so much so that its employees call the current iteration of its daily deals service "  Groupon 1.0 . " While the market has made it clear that the group-buying business model is easily replicable , the coupon giant believes that its new offering will provide it with a unique technology and value proposition that will keep it ahead of the pack . With 70 + million subscribers and growing , Groupon will also have a big head start . It wo n't be long until we find out if Groupon Now is the future of local commerce ; the mobile app launches in April .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Groupon is preparing to launch a new app , Groupon Now User opens the app , will be presented with just two buttons : "  I 'm hungry " and "  I 'm bored " Clicking either button will open up a list of time-specific daily deals , based on location
CNN  -- It was n't a typical day on the set of the hit game show "  Family Feud " on Monday . Alana Thompson , the 7-year-old star of "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo , " and her family faced off against "  Cake Boss " Buddy Valastro and his family . The casts of the TLC reality shows put their vivacious and raw personalities to the test . Deep country accents and trash talking from both sides filled the Atlanta Civic Center , where the show was taped . Each family clearly had a competitive nature , but it was all for a good cause on Monday . The winning clan brought in $ 20,000 for a charity they chose before the game . The "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " bunch played for Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders . The "  Cake Boss " crew competed for the Momma Mary Foundation , a charity dedicated to creating awareness about and finding a cure for ALS , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . Comedian Steve Harvey hosted the episode . Since the premiere of "  Family Feud " in 1976 , the show has been one of television 's most popular and enduring game shows . Honey Boo Boo 's 13-year old sister , Lauryn "  Pumpkin " Thompson , was starstruck . She stumbled over her words when she met Harvey , but she was able to clearly articulate "  I 'm Pumpkin , and I 'm a huge fan " about five times . The "  Cake Boss " family members ribbed Valastro several times for being such a spoiled husband -- particularly about how his mother clipped his toenails for him until he was married . Harvey picked up on this theme and kept the jokes going at Valstro 's expense . Both families exhibited huge personalities . "  You better redneckognize , " said Honey Boo Boo in an interview with CNN before the show taping began . So who won ? You 'll have to wait until the new season begins in September .	The casts of "  Honey Boo Boo " and "  Cake Boss " tape a "  Family Feud " segment in Atlanta The outsized reality-TV personalities were competing for charities So which team won ? Survey says you 'll have to wait until new season in September
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of demonstrators in eastern Baghdad marked the eighth anniversary of the fall of Saddam Hussein 's regime with a protest Saturday against the American troop presence there . The demonstrators , followers of anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , rallied in Mustansriya Square , where they called all U.S troops to withdraw from Iraq at the end of the year . The protesters carried Iraqi flag and banners , with some chanting "  Baghdad is a free country , America get out ! " and "  No for Occupation , No for America . " One banner read "  No , no America , " while another said , " Yes , yes for Quran . " American troops are scheduled to depart from Iraq at year 's end under a bilateral agreement between the Iraqi government and the United States . But if violence increases and instability persists in Iraq , it is possible both countries could agree to keep some U.S. troops in Iraq , which now has about 47,000 American soldiers . The figure is down from a high of 171,000 in 2003 . That prospect of American troops staying in Iraq disturbs many citizens , including the thousands who support al-Sadr , a cleric with grassroots appeal in Iraq 's Shiite cities and neighborhoods . Sheikh Salah al-Obaidi , a cleric who read a statement to demonstrators on behalf of al-Sadr , raised the prospect of American troops staying in Iraq into next year and beyond . "  What if the invading forces decide not to leave our country ? What if they decide to stay ? What if American troops and others decide to stay in our lands ? ... . Will you keep silent ? " al-Obaidi said , reading al-Sadr 's statement to chants of "  God is great . " "  If they decide to stay in our country , then we have to do two things : first is to escalate armed resistance and lift the freeze on Mehdi Army , " al-Obaidi said . He was referring to the August 2007 suspension of the activities of the Mehdi Army , al-Sadr 's militia . U.S. military commanders have cited that move as a major reason for a decline in violence across Iraq , where Al-Sadr 's forces fought American troops during the height of the war . Emotions on the street were fueled by the remarks of U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who made an unannounced visit this week to Iraq and discussed American troop presence with top officials , including Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  My message to them was if there is to be a presence or they still need help , we are open to that possibility . But they have to ask , and time is running out in Washington because we have a lot going on around the world and we 've got to make some decisions , " Gates said . "  It obviously would be a presence that 's a fraction of the size of the one we have here now but it 's really up to the Iraqis at this point . " On Friday , street protesters in Baghdad and other provinces also focused on the fall of the Hussein regime and grievances stemming from war , including an opposition to the U.S. troop presence . That was a change of theme in recent weeks when demonstrators in Iraq have rallied over the same bread-and-butter issues that have prompted street protests across the Arab world . People have been upset over corruption , unemployment , the lack of basic services and restrictions on freedom of expression . Protesters in the Sunni neighborhood of Adhamiya called for the release of detainees and compensation for "  the victims of the occupation . " "  Some of the protesters shouted , ` No to occupation , no to foreign troops , ' " witnesses said . In Baghdad 's Tahrir Square , nearly 300 protesters carrying banners and Iraqi flags , shouted , "  We will not accept life in an occupied country anymore . " One of the banners read , "  No to American and Iranian occupation ! " That includes a reference to Iran 's influence with the Shiite masses and the Iraqi government . Women carried pictures of their sons and husbands who are missing or were killed during the war . "  During this war , so many women lost sons and many others became widows , not only Iraqi women but also American women . We are the ones who paid the price of this war , " said Shima Kareem , who was among the protesters . Hundreds also turned out in Falluja , in the largely Sunni Anbar province in the west and in Samarra , in Salaheddin province in the north to demand the release of detainees , compensation for victims ' families , and the departure of American troops . Since 2003 , 4,421 U.S. troops have died in Iraq , according to the military figures counted by CNN . A U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in March 2003 led to the removal of Saddam Hussein 's regime on April 9 . The iconic toppling of the former ruler 's statue in Baghdad 's Firdous Square symbolizes the regime 's fall .	Protesters want U.S. troops out Gates raises the prospect of some soldiers remaining There were demonstrations across Iraq on Friday
CNN  -- After deliberating for nearly two hours , a Georgia jury found 18-year-old De'Marquise Elkins guilty Friday of multiple charges , including felony murder , for shooting and killing 13-month-old Antonio Santiago during a robbery . Elkins was also convicted of aggravated assault and other charges for shooting pastor Wilfredo Calix-Flores during a separate mugging 10 days before the baby was shot . His mother Karimah Elkins , who was tried along with her son , was convicted of tampering with evidence for her role in trying to cover up the shooting . Both Elkins and his mother showed no sign of any emotion as the verdict was read . They sat silently , staring straight ahead as they have throughout the entire trial . Elkins could be sentenced to life in prison for his convictions . He was spared from the death penalty , because he was 17 when the baby was shot . A Georgia law prohibits anyone who is under 18 years old at the time of involvement in a crime from being executed . Elikins ' mother could be sentenced to up to 10 years in prison for her conviction . Sherry West , Santiago 's mother , wept on the stand during the trial as she recounted how Elkins shot her son in broad daylight in Brunswick , Georgia , on March 21 , after he and another teen tried to mug her . "  I told him I have a baby and I have expenses and I did n't have  money  . He asked me if I wanted him to shoot my baby . I told him , ` Please do n't shoot my baby . ' He shot a warning shot into the ground , " West said , weeping . "  I asked him , ` Why are you doing this ? Please do n't do this . ' It felt like he shot me in the ear . Then he shot me in the leg . My left leg . " West said one of the teens then did the unthinkable -- he aimed for the baby . "  I tried to stop him . I put my arms over my baby but he still shot him , " she said . "  He walked over and shot my baby . " During his closing argument Friday , Elkins ' attorney Jonathan Lockwood attacked West 's recollection of the shooting , saying she could n't confidently identify Elkins as the shooter . He also accused her of plotting her baby 's death to profit from a life insurance policy . "  Sherry West is a woman who was very distraught , who was very emotional . But also who acted in a rather bizarre way . You saw the video of where she is laughing and cutting up with officers , and making jokes with them just after her child was murdered , " Lockwood said . "  Incidentally , does anybody know what the protocol is for how you are supposed to act when you watch your child get shot in the face , " prosecutor Jackie Johnson said during her closing argument . Johnson called the defense 's accusation that West planned her baby 's death a "  grand conspiracy " and an attempt to distract from the reality that his client is guilty . "  We have a defendant who preyed upon the weak . He preyed upon the weak when he was looking for Mexicans to rob , because he knows lots of times they ca n't speak English . They are afraid . They might be here illegally . They may not even report to police , " said Johnson . "  They do n't see any more Mexicans that morning . They see something even better , something even more weak , something even more vulnerable , a mother and a child . " Johnson ended her closing argument with an emotional plea to the jury to find Elkins guilty of murder . "  This case cries out for  determining  malice , " Johnson said . The teenager accused of being Elkins ' accomplice is Dominique Lang , who was 15 at the time of the shooting . Although Lang is a minor , CNN is identifying him because he is charged as an adult , and media outlets have been naming him since his arrest . Lang has also pleaded not guilty to the multiple charges against him , which include felony murder . He will go on trial later , separately from Elkins , and also faces life in prison . Lang testified against Elkins earlier in the trial , identifying him as the shooter .	Teen , 18 , found guilty of shooting and killing a 13-month-old during a robbery The killing occurred in the U.S. state of Georgia in March The teen 's mother was also convicted for her role in trying to cover up the crime
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder on Wednesday led Justice Department tributes to former presidential adviser and Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach , who died at 90 . Holder had a personal connection to Katzenbach , remembered for facing down Alabama Gov. George Wallace at a schoolhouse door in June 1963 to desegregate the University of Alabama . Cameras recorded the confrontation between Katzenbach , then serving as deputy attorney general , and Wallace . The governor declared the desegregation "  illegal and unwarranted " and stood in the doorway . Katzenbach replied , "  Governor , I am not interested in a show . " The Alabama National Guard enforced the registration of two African-American students and Wallace grudgingly stepped aside . One of the students was Vivian Malone , a sister of Sharon Malone , who later married Holder . Katzenbach died of natural causes Tuesday at his home in Skillman , New Jersey , according to Princeton University , where Katzenbach earned a degree and served as trustee emeritus . He was a top adviser to President John F. Kennedy and Attorney General Robert Kennedy on several key issues , including the Cuban missile crisis . Katzenbach was attorney general for two years during the Lyndon B. Johnson administration . Katzenbach drafted and  $ " serving as Johnson 's liaison to Congress  $ " secured passage of the landmark 1964 Civil Rights Act , according to Princeton . Holder called Katzenbach "  one of our nation 's great champions of civil rights and equal justice . " Katzenbach , a New Jersey native , attended top prep schools and Ivy League colleges . He went to Germany to fight in World War II . His plane was shot down and he was captured by the Nazis and taken prisoner . According to the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum , Katzenbach in October 1962 drafted a legal brief in support of Kennedy 's decision to blockade Cuba . Holder said Katzenbach will continue to be "  an inspiration for me , for my colleagues across the Department of Justice , and for the nation he was so proud to serve . " Katzenbach was deputy attorney general from 1962 to 1964 , and attorney general in 1965 and 1966 . He also served as undersecretary of state from 1966 to 1969 . He is survived by his wife , Lydia ; sons , John and Christopher ; his daughters , Maria and Anne ; and six grandchildren . A memorial service was being planned .	Former U.S. Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach dies at 90 He was a key adviser to Presidents Kennedy , Johnson Katzenbach confronted Alabama Gov. George Wallace over desegregation He drafted and engineered passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A contrite head of the Federal Protective Service took the blame Wednesday for security lapses that allowed covert investigators to sneak bomb components into 10 federal government buildings . A GAO report cites lax security in federal buildings after investigators got bomb components past guards . The Government Accountability Office , which conducted the tests , testified that they showed the service to be "  an agency in crisis . " Plainclothes investigators testing the effectiveness of private contract guards at federal office buildings were able to smuggle in bomb components in all 10 attempts . Only one investigator was stopped and questioned , but he was allowed to pass with the components of a liquid bomb . Once inside the facilities , the testers assembled the bombs in restrooms , put them in briefcases and "  walked freely " into government offices , according to the Government Accountability Office . Watch undercover agent smuggle bomb " Asked point-blank at a Senate hearing Wednesday why the security guards had failed , Protective Service Director Gary Schenkel said , "  It 's purely a lack of oversight on our part . " He added , "  I take full responsibility . I am the director of the organization . " Schenkel , who assumed his post in early 2007 , said the police force was hampered earlier this decade by major budget cuts , which forced the agency to reorganize how it protects 9,000 federal facilities nationwide . Although police officers formerly protected federal buildings , the agency now uses a core cadre of 1,200 sworn federal officers or "  inspectors " to oversee a small army of about 13,000 private security guards who man the X-ray machines and magnetometers at building entrances . Department of Homeland Security put out an official statement Wednesday focusing on steps the Federal Protective Service is taking to improve the situation , but Schenkel was at times more negative , outlining some of the problems the agency faces . The service , he said , used a "  stubby pencil " system to keep track of guards , and it would take a "  full year , I believe " for changes being made now to have an effect . "  When I came here , I made an analogy that we were a ship , and it takes 38 miles at sea to turn a ship , an aircraft carrier . I think we are probably on mile six , but we 've certainly initiated the turn , " he said . Mark Goldstein of the Government Accountability Office testified about the investigators ' operations . "  We brought in all the components that we needed to make a real bomb , " he said , though the concentration of explosives was "  below the trigger point " for safety reasons . Investigators obtained the components at local stores and over the Internet for less than $ 150 , the report says . "  In a number of the locations -- three or four of them -- the guards were not even looking at the screens that would show materials passing through , " Goldstein said . "  If a guard had been looking , they would have seen materials that are ordinarily not brought into a federal building , and should have stopped our investigators and asked , ` Why are you bringing these kinds of things into a fed building , and what is your purpose ? ' But in really no case did that occur . "  In only one instance did a guard ask about something that an investigator was carrying , -LSB- and -RSB- after a brief explanation , that guard let it go through , " Goldstein said . The covert agents then assembled bombs in the bathrooms , he said . "  In some cases , bathrooms were locked , but federal employees let us in , " he said . Having assembled the bomb , typically in less than four minutes , the agents placed it an a briefcase "  and walked around a variety of federal offices -- both legislative branch offices and executive branch offices in the four cities we went to , " Goldstein said . He blamed the lapses on an "  antiquated approach " to security , saying federal building security is directed in part by the buildings ' tenants , who form a committee to determine the appropriate level of security . So decisions are made "  by people who , frankly , ought not be making them , " he said . He also said security is "  budget-driven ; it 's not risk-driven . " But he shied away from recommending that the contract security jobs be federalized , a move the government took for airport security screeners following the September 11 terrorist attacks . That would be a policy decision , he said . But he said the Protective Service was lax in assuring that security standards it set were followed by the private contract guards . Of 663 randomly selected guards , 411 , or 62 percent , were missing some form of required certification , such as an up-to-date firearm qualification , background investigation or CPR or first aid training . Included in the Government Accountability Office report is a photograph of a guard asleep at his post . The report also detailed an instance in which a woman placed an infant in a carrier on an X-ray machine while retrieving identification . Because the guard was not paying attention and the machine 's safety features had been disabled , the infant was sent through the X-ray machine , according to the report . The Protective Service dismissed the guard , who sued the agency for failing to provide X-ray training . The agency lost the suit because it could not prove that the guard had been trained , the report says . In one region , the service "  has not provided the required eight hours of -LSB- X-ray -RSB- or magnetometer training to its 1,500 guards since 2004 , " the report says . It report also says the service does not have a national guidance on how often its inspectors should check on the contract guards . In several instances , when inspectors have checked on guards , they found "  instances of guards not complying with post orders . " In one case , the report says , a guard was caught using government computers to manage a for-profit adult Web site . All of the buildings involved in the bomb smuggling test were "  Level IV " buildings , meaning they house more than 450 federal employees and have a high volume of public contact . The Government Accountability Office has declined to identify the specific buildings "  because of the sensitivity of some of the information , " the report says . After the report was obtained by CNN late Tuesday , ahead of its release Wednesday , Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut , chairman of the Homeland Security Committee , called the test results "  simply unacceptable . " Added Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , "  In this post-9 / 11 world that we 're now living in , I can not imagine how security lapses of this magnitude were allowed to occur . " Both Lieberman and Collins said they were putting the Federal Protective Service on a list of "  high-risk " agencies and asked Schenkel to provide them with details of how he would fix the security lapses . Although the investigators ensured that bombs assembled in the buildings would not explode , they later videotaped the detonation of several of the devices at a remote site to demonstrate the their destructive power .	Report questions effectiveness of Federal Protective Service Plainclothes investigators test security at 10 federal buildings in 4 U.S. cities GAO agents able to assemble components in restrooms , enter offices Agency chief says changes made but effects wo n't be felt for months
CNN  -- The shale gas boom in the US is having a surprise knock-on effect in Europe -- a big increase in the burning of coal by European utilities , despite EU environmental policies designed to curb the share of polluting fossil fuels in the energy mix . The trend shows how disruptive shale gas has become for traditional industries , leading to unforeseen -- and often perverse -- outcomes across the global energy system . North America 's fracking revolution pushed down US natural gas prices to 10-year lows last spring , prompting electricity generators to switch to gas from coal . Unwanted at home , US coal increasingly found its way on to European markets , where it has displaced more expensive gas as a feedstock for power stations . But many experts believe coal 's European revival will be shortlived , and that it is essentially the last gasp of a fuel with no long-term future . The International Energy Agency says the trend of rising European demand is "  close to peaking " , and by 2017 it will drop to levels slightly above those in 2011 . Even coal 's backers agree that the phenomenon is short-term . "  We do n't see this as a renaissance of coal , " says Milton Catelin , head of the World Coal Association . "  It 's just economics . " Coal sceptics say the dirtiest of fossil fuels will inevitably be squeezed out in Europe as new solar and wind capacity comes on stream and ageing coal plants are shut down . Attempts to replace these creaking pieces of kit with new , efficient coal-fired stations are being stymied by environmentalist opposition and regulatory uncertainty , especially in Germany . "  New large-scale power plants and some existing assets are not economically viable in the current environment , " says Matthias Hartung , chief executive of RWE Generation , which bundles RWE 's German , Dutch and UK power plants . According to figures from the European Climate Foundation , a think-tank , in 2008 European utilities had plans for 112 plants . Of these , only two have broken ground and 73 have been abandoned . Long-term , policy analysts say , coal 's comeback will inevitably fall foul of EU environmental policy , which calls for a 20 per cent reduction in carbon emissions from 1990 levels by 2020 and a growing role for solar , wind and biomass in electricity generation . For the time being , however , the economics work in coal 's favour . American coal exports to Europe increased by 29 per cent last year . The resulting oversupply , exacerbated by a slowdown in Chinese demand , sent European coal prices plummeting from $ 130 a tonne in March 2011 to around $ 86 now . That coincided with a sharp fall in the price of carbon allowances under the EU 's flagship emissions trading system and rising European prices for natural gas . As a result , the German power generators ' association , the BDEW , says gas-fired electricity output in Germany fell last year by 13bn kilowatt hours , or 16 per cent , while coal-fired plants upped output by the same amount , recording a 5 per cent increase to 275.8 bn kWh . "  The economics are telling us to burn coal rather than gas , " says Andrew Horstead , risk analyst at Utilyx , an energy consultancy . Figures from Bloomberg New Energy Finance show power generators in Germany currently earn    25.2 per megawatt hour when they burn coal and lose    1.1 / MWh when they burn gas . There are also local factors in individual EU countries that have contributed to increased coal use . In the UK , several coal plants are due to close before the end of 2015 under the EU 's Large Combustion Plants Directive , which is designed to limit emissions of pollutants from ageing plants . The directive limits the number of hours they can operate before shutting down , and many coal plants are choosing to burn through their remaining permitted hours by April when the UK government introduces a carbon floor price . This will set a price for carbon that is higher than in the European trading scheme , and so entail much higher costs for coal-burners . Another new policy , the emissions performance standard , currently moving through parliament , will prevent any new coal-fired stations being built in the UK that are not equipped with technology to capture and store carbon emissions . Other countries are following similar paths . The Netherlands is introducing a coal tax , Denmark and Finland have announced phase-outs of coal and Spain says it will end coal subsidies . Even Germany , which has huge domestic reserves of cheap lignite , is lowering its reliance on coal . RWE , Germany 's largest electricity generator , has reduced the proportion of coal-fired plants from 56 per cent of total capacity in 2006 to about 50 per cent at the end of 2011 . By 2020 , it sees that dropping to about 35 per cent as the proportion of renewables in the energy mix rises . However , Germany and the Netherlands are due to build 12.5 gigawatts of new coal capacity between 2012 and 2015 , offsetting the 11GW that will be retired in the UK over the next four years . "  But a lot of the new plants are replacing older ones , " says Brian Potskowski of BNEF . "  So there is unlikely to be net growth in coal capacity in western Europe . "	U.S. shale gas boom having knock-on effect in Europe , despite EU environmental policies Fracking revolution pushed down US natural gas prices , leading electricity generators to switch from coal US coal has displaced more expensive gas in Europe as feedstock for power stations Experts believe coal 's European revival will be shortlived
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- On the eve of what was to become the biggest sale ever of a Chinese contemporary painting , Trevor Simon wanted to get the word out about "  Execution , " a painting he had hidden from everybody . The painting had been stored in a London warehouse for more than a decade after arriving from Hong Kong . "  Not a single person in the world had seen it other than me for more than a decade , " said the 36-year-old investment banking strategist by phone from London on Thursday . That includes his mother and the woman he loves . Beijing artist Yue Minjun 's painting , inspired by the bloody crackdown on Tiananmen Square in 1989 , sold for 2.9 million pounds  $ 5.9 million  Friday night in London . The sale exceeded the 2.15 million pounds  $ 4.37 million  paid in June for the previous record , Yue 's "  The Pope . " Simon remembers seeing the oil painting at Manfred Schoeni 's gallery in Hong Kong during the late 1990s and how it fascinated him at first sight . "  As soon as I saw it , my whole self changed , " he said . "  I realized that this stood for everything that was going on at the time , so I was stunned into silence literally . I saw what was happening in China . I was rising in banking , and I saw an execution of people who were smiling . "  I saw that was what was going on in banking . " Schoeni and Simon were already on friendly terms , and Schoeni had wanted to show him "  Execution , " which had been covered up . But when Simon insisted he wanted the painting , he recalled Schoeni telling him it was n't going anywhere and was not for sale . But Simon said he would not leave and remembered saying : " ` Fine , have a drink with me . ' And maybe I loosened his head a bit . After a couple hours , I struck a deal . " A junior investment banker in his 20s at the time , Simon would spend $ 250,000 Hong Kong dollars  $ 32,200  , or two-thirds of his annual salary , on "  Execution . " The painting reflected what he felt was going on in the world in which he worked : a soulless place . "  While you can apply a good mind , the job eats your life . You spend 14 hours in the markets . A week in Paris , a week in London running around . No life . My girlfriend did n't want to be with me : ' I ca n't have you . ' " She 'd leave him and has since become engaged to someone else , he said . "  It was not only an image of an execution of characters in front of the walls of Tiananmen , but an execution of me , " he said , describing himself as "  committed to this painting . " Under the terms of the deal he struck with Schoeni , the painting was to be "  out of sight for five years " and shipped to London , Simon explained . He described the painting -- at 3 meters  10 feet  wide and 1.5 meters  5 feet  high -- as "  monumental , " "  physical , " and "  like a wall . " He put "  Execution " in a box , shipped it out of Hong Kong to London . "  And it has n't moved since that day . It 's in a crusty warehouse behind a main road . " He finds a key distinction between "  Execution " and Francisco de Goya 's "  The Third of May , 1808 : The Execution of the Defenders of Madrid " and Edouard Manet 's "  The Execution of the Emperor Maximilien of Mexico . " In those , he said , "  that 's murder , true assassination of a political figure . But here -LSB- with "  Execution " -RSB- , it 's far more potent . Because they 're killed by culture . " The laughing was a "  response to unimaginable persecution , " he said . "  You do n't know what the hell else to do . You 're nervous . You 're not laughing , ` Ha ha hee hee . ' " As for the underwear , Simon said , "  You 're stripped down , you 're defenseless . Even worse , you 're being shot with cultural forces , not bullets . " And while the man on the far right of Manet 's painting cocks the gun and delivers the coup de grace , the figure in "  Execution " has a similar role , said Simon . "  He 's wearing a generic T-shirt -- the guy who 's delivering the last shot to be delivered into the heartland of Chinese heritage . " Yue 's painting was in keeping with "  cynical realism , " the term coined by art critic Li Xianting to describe post-Tiananmen artists disillusioned by and critical of Chinese society , Simon said . When asked if he , as a young 20-something , ever harbored doubts or questioned his sanity about dishing out a large portion of his salary for this work , Simon replied : "  No , no , no , no . I knew . I stood there . You just know . You just absolutely know beyond all doubt that the theme is something special . "  This art was a representation of all the ambition and all the anxiety that had been held back behind the Chinese wall and was now allowed to live , allowed to go free . "  I knew without a millionth of a doubt that that was the story of China on canvas . " Simon said he would probably cry if he and Yue met . "  He 's an immensely brave man , anyone who paints like this . None of his paintings are as politically dangerous as this . " Simon left the painting in a box in the warehouse and never brought it out or hung it up , despite having other work elsewhere in his house . For one thing , Schoeni was murdered in 2004 in the Philippines . Simon felt that it was because Schoeni was involved in championing the works of people from "  repressive " countries . The painting became a mental crutch for him . He determined that he would walk out on the most important job he could think of in investment banking , one that earned him more than a million dollars a year . "  The painting helped me leave the job because I could see a country being executed and surviving , and so maybe I could too , " he said in a follow-up email . Simon had left Hong Kong for "  the lion 's den , " as he put it , in London , where he felt further "  executed by the politics and chaos one step below the top rung of the bank . " The very top was where the more rational and humanity prevailed , he said . "  All the rest is scratching and positioning and seldom is the best thing done . " He 'd leave his job . That was five years ago , and while he is still involved in finance , he works on his own now , he said . Selling the painting brings Simon full circle to being "  un-Executed , " he said . Yue 's got a new museum and is being recognized by the Chinese government . "  He 's no longer repressed by China . And I 'm no longer repressed by commercial ambition . It 's about doing it the right way , " Simon said . "  The value of this piece is not the dollar value . It 's lovely to have that extra money . But the real value , should I die tomorrow morning , has already been placed in my heart , " he said . "  I 'm not laughing at being shot at . What I 'm most proud of is the courage to live . "  God gave me talents . I 'm going to use them for good , not for money . Not for trading . " But first , he plans to get the girl back .	Beijing artist Yue Minjun 's "  Execution " sold for record 2.9 million pounds  $ 5.9 M In the painting , Simon saw metaphor for himself and his life in the bank world Simon spent two-thirds of his annual salary on the painting in the 1990s Under deal , Simon kept painting out of sight , shipped it out of HK to London
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban dissident Guillermo Farinas said Thursday he ended his months-long hunger strike after the nation 's Roman Catholic Church announced Wednesday that the Cuban government will soon release 52 political prisoners . "  What we want more than anything is to see our political prisoners of conscience freed -- as much abroad as in Cuba , " he told CNN en Espanol in an interview from a hospital in Santa Clara , Cuba , where he was being treated for complications associated with his fast . Farinas said his departure from the hospital would depend "  on how things evolve . " He said his medical team was "  very worried " about two blood clots , one in his neck and the other in his chest . If either were to break free , "  I could die quickly , " he said . "  At least , if we die , we know that our brothers are going to live in liberty , " he added . Farinas said the planned prisoner release may serve the Cuban government in two ways -- by pressuring the United States to lift its trade embargo on the island , and by buying the island 's leaders more time in power . "  If they do n't take these measures , they 're going to lose control of the country , " he said . "  What they want is to die in power . Therefore , they 're trying to do some political pirouettes to hold on to power . " Farina 's doctor and fellow dissident , Ismeli Iglesias Martinez , said his patient was drinking water . But Farinas remains frail , unable to eat solid foods , Iglesias said . The 48-year-old psychologist and writer stopped eating in February to protest the Cuban government 's imprisonment of political activists . Cuba 's Roman Catholic Church has announced the names of five political prisoners set to be freed . All five will leave Cuba for Spain in the next few days , the church said in written statement Thursday . In addition , the church said , six jailed dissidents will be moved to prisons closer to their homes . Church officials had announced Wednesday that a total of 52 political prisoners were set to be freed and allowed to leave the country . It would be one of Cuba 's largest prisoner releases in recent history . The announcement coincided with a visit by Spain 's foreign minister , Miguel Angel Moratinos , who met Wednesday with his Cuban counterpart Bruno Rodriguez , as well as President Raul Castro and Jaime Ortega , Cuba 's Roman Catholic cardinal . The first five prisoners will go to Spain within a few days and the 47 others will depart within four months , Juan Lugo , Spain 's Foreign Ministry spokesman , said Wednesday in a telephone call from Madrid . In April 2009 , U.S. President Barack Obama said he was seeking "  a new beginning " in U.S.-Cuba relations . The Obama administration lifted restrictions on the ability of Americans to visit relatives in Cuba as well as limitations on remittances . Wednesday 's announcement raised questions about whether the releases will improve dialogue between the two Cold-War foes , though many remained skeptical . "  It 's a good thing , but we 've seen this before , " said Daniel Wilkinson , deputy director at Human Rights Watch , citing the hundreds of prisoner releases that followed a papal visit to the island nation in 1998 . "  Despite these new developments , the law which allows for arbitrary arrests remains the same . " The Cuban Catholic Church identified the five prisoners to be released soon as : Antonio Villarreal Acosta , Lester Gonzalez Penton , Luis Milan Fernandez , Jose Luis Garcia Paneque and Pablo Pacheco Avila . The six prisoners expected to be transferred soon were identified as : Nelson Molinet Espino , Claro Sanchez Altarriba , Jose Daniel Ferrer Garcia , Marcelo Manuel Cano Rodriguez , Angel Juan Moya Acosta and Luis Enrique Ferrer Garcia . Cardinal Ortega met with Castro in May , describing it at the time as a "  magnificent start " to talks surrounding the potential release of some jailed dissidents . Last month , Cuba released dissident Darsi Ferrer and ailing prisoner Ariel Sigler , who is awaiting approval from the U.S. government to join family members in Florida . Sigler 's release drew praise from the U.S. State Department , which called it "  a positive development . " The two countries broke off diplomatic relations in 1961 but maintain "  interests sections " in Havana and Washington that operate like embassies . The founder of the Cuban Human Rights and National Reconciliation Commission , Elizardo Sanchez , recently put the number of political prisoners in Cuba at 167 , the lowest number in decades . The 52 prisoners to be released were among 75 dissidents arrested in March 2003 . The other 23 already have been released . A group of dissidents traveled from Havana to Farinas ' hometown of Santa Clara to persuade him to give up the hunger strike . One of them , blogger Yoani Sanchez , posted a photograph on Twitter that shows Farinas in a hospital bed and someone standing next to him holding a red cup . Farinas is wearing a blue hospital gown and lying back on the inclined bed with his eyes closed . The photograph is captioned , "  His first glass of water . " Farinas began his hunger strike in February , shortly after jailed dissident Orlando Zapata Tamayo died in prison at the end of his own prolonged hunger strike . Zapata 's death sparked international condemnation from Europe and Washington , and drew a rare statement of regret from Raul Castro . Amnesty International called on the Cuban government Thursday to immediately release all political prisoners , whom the human rights group calls prisoners of conscience because "  they acted non-violently and were imprisoned under Cuban legislation which illegitimately criminalizes political dissent . " In addition , the rights group said the Cuban government must release the remaining political prisoners . Attorney Rolando Jimenez Posada is serving a 12-year sentence on a conviction of "  disrespecting authority and revealing secrets about state security police " after his peaceful manifestation of support for political prisoners , Amnesty International said . "  The Cuban government must also end the harassment and intimidation of independent journalists , human rights activists and political dissidents , " Amnesty International said in a statement . "  Vague and arbitrarily applied legal provisions , used to curb dissent within Cuba , must be reviewed to make human rights a reality for all Cubans . " CNN 's Arthur Brice , Tom Watkins and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Farinas says his two blood clots could kill him NEW : "  Political pirouettes " Hunger striker is drinking fluids Fifty-two political prisoners are expected to be released soon
CNN  -- The mainstream media -- you know who you are -- are rooting for immigration reform . They like the idea of doing something to accommodate the country 's 11 million undocumented immigrants , who , despite conservative rhetoric to the contrary , were never going to be banished . They swoon over the kind of bipartisanship that brings together John McCain and Marco Rubio on the one hand and Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer on the other . They believe the Republican Party needs to moderate its harsh rhetoric about immigrants -- if only to salvage its political future -- and are welcoming the GOP 's new realism . But is that enthusiasm causing media organizations to overestimate the prospects for reform ? Watch : Steve Kroft Plays Defense Over Hillary/Obama Lovefest on '60 Minutes ' Any bill still must pass the Republican House , which has been a graveyard for numerous Obama reforms . The Senate has always been a place where top lawmakers reach across the aisle more easily than in the polarized House , as was evident during the fiscal cliff debacle . And there are conservative groups determined to derail any path toward citizenship , which they view as amnesty . It 's not that journalists are acting as cheerleaders for the emerging plan . But when the media have qualms about an issue , they couch it as being "  controversial " and "  risky "  say , George W. Bush 's plan to privatize Social Security  . Opinion : Immigrant - Can we trust Obama ? By contrast , look at the way the president 's immigration speech in Las Vegas was covered : The New York Times : "  Seizing on a groundswell of support for rewriting the nation 's immigration laws ... " The Washington Post : "  Obama added to momentum on Capitol Hill in favor of an overhaul of the nation 's immigration laws ... " We saw the same supportive approach when the Pentagon lifted a ban on women serving in front-line combat positions , which , despite some conservative opposition , was greeted with favorable features that largely depicted the move as long overdue . Watch : Should N.Y. Times Have Censored Company Name Over the S-Word ? As with many perpetual Beltway disputes , the contours of a common-sense compromise on immigration have been clear for some time . The right wants tougher border enforcement and employer verification procedures . The left wants undocumented immigrants taken out of the "  shadows , " as Obama put it , and given a chance to become openly productive members of society . The key are the tradeoffs . How long would a path to citizenship take ? Are fines and back taxes required ? How do we ensure that those who broke the law do n't get an unfair advantage over legal applicants ? I do n't argue with the standard political analysis that the moment may be ripe for immigration reform . Watch : Media Seize on Emotional Moment of Gabby Giffords ' Testimony Mitt Romney , who talked about wanting immigrants to "  self-deport , " got clobbered among Hispanic voters . The GOP has lost the popular vote in five of the past six presidential elections . Sean Hannity , the Fox News commentator , says he has "  evolved " on the issue , and he 's not alone . The conservative media may be a bellwether here . After Obama 's Tuesday speech , Hannity 's leadoff guest was Karl Rove , the former Bush lieutenant who favors the Senate compromise . And when Rubio , the Florida senator and son of Cuban immigrants , called in to Rush Limbaugh 's show , the host -- while criticizing Obama -- told him , "  What you are doing is admirable and noteworthy . You are recognizing reality . " Watch : BlackBerry 10 : Is It a Hit or All Thumbs ? But illegal immigration remains a divisive subject that still arouses visceral opposition among some Americans . Capitol Hill is a place where partisan maneuvering can push the government to the brink of default . And as George W. Bush learned in his second term , hammering out a compromise on such a volatile issue is maddeningly elusive . Perhaps the election changed the landscape and both parties will find a way to compromise . In the meantime , it might be wise to take the upbeat media coverage with a healthy dose of skepticism . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : The mainstream media are rooting for immigration policy changes Kurtz : Is enthusiasm causing the media to overestimate the prospects for reform ? He says the Republican House has been a graveyard for numerous Obama reforms Kurtz : Illegal immigration still arouses visceral opposition among some Americans
CNN  Flying with your cute little bundle of doggie love ? Each airline has its own rules about how to bring a small dog in the cabin or a larger dog in its crate with the checked luggage . Not in the checked luggage , as an independent Chihuahua discovered on Tuesday . The dog was discovered in its owner 's checked luggage by Transportation Security Administration officers at LaGuardia Airport in Queens , New York . Luckily for the dog , the TSA screens all checked luggage . The officers in search of more dangerous items found the dog and called the owner , who had not intended to bring her darling dog on her Tuesday trip . The woman 's husband took the misbehaving pooch home . The TSA 's security procedures do not prohibit you from bringing a pet on your flight , but a more breathable crate is suggested . On the other hand , traveling with torch lighters that look like grenades ? Those are always prohibited . Crazy things Americans tried to take on planes in 2013	A Chihuahua tries to travel with its owner via checked baggage TSA officers at LaGuardia found the dog during the normal screening process
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- An accident involving de-icing solution being sprayed on an Alaska Airlines plane in snow-covered Seattle sent seven people to a hospital Wednesday , airport and hospital officials said . Emergency vehicles gather around Alaska Airlines planes in Seattle , Washington , on Wednesday . The seven , who were crew members , were transported to Highline Medical Center for minor issues , such as eye irritation , dizziness and nausea , said Sea-Tac Airport spokesman Perry Cooper . Eighteen passengers were treated at the scene . There had been an initial report that two people were badly hurt , but Cooper said all of the injuries were minor . He said six of the crew members transported to the hospital were working and one was off duty . Caroline Boren , Alaska Airlines spokeswoman , confirmed the injury numbers and said the most extensive treatment given to the passengers was an eye wash . None of them requested further treatment or were transported to the hospital . Matt Crockett , assistant administrator at Highline Medical Center , confirmed the hospital was assessing seven people in its emergency room . He said six of them were in satisfactory condition and another was still being evaluated . The incident began when fumes from the de-icing application got into the cabin of Alaska Airlines Flight 528 . Watch an ex-transportation official explain how the fumes seeped into the plane " Alaska Airlines said the flight was getting ready for takeoff to Burbank , California , when passengers began to complain of eye irritation and strong fumes from the chemicals . Video footage showed several emergency vehicles around the plane on the snow-covered tarmac . The airline said the plane , a Boeing 737-800 , was carrying 143 passengers and several crew members . Boren called the situation "  very unusual " and said maintenance crew had been working on the plane . Cooper said the airline was bringing in another aircraft to transport the passengers to their destination . Seattle has been blanketed with nearly 9 inches of snow this week , and forecasters predicted snow mixed with rain Wednesday , with an accumulation of about a half inch of new snow through Thursday . One passenger , Joe Dial of Seattle , told CNN affiliate KIRO-TV that passengers were exposed to the de-icer fumes for 45 minutes before they were able to leave the plane . The jetliner had pulled away from the gate Wednesday morning , but then had to return for the de-icing process , Dial told KIRO . Meanwhile in Moline , Illinois , an AirTran Airways jet skidded off the runway at Quad City International Airport , CNN affiliate WQAD-TV reported . Witnesses said passengers were being evacuated to buses , and there appeared to be no injuries , according to WQAD . The airport was closed to all traffic after the accident , the station said . At airports elsewhere across the U.S. , weather was forcing significant delays as travelers tried to reach their destinations by Christmas . Flights bound for Newark-Liberty International Airport in New Jersey faced delays averaging three hours . Flights into Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport in Illinois , John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York and San Francisco International Airport in California were all subject to delays averaging an hour or more , according to the FAA . Travelers at O'Hare were hoping Wednesday went better than the day before as thousands were stranded in the nation 's second-busiest airport overnight when hundreds of flights were canceled . "  It is ruining my holiday , " one stranded passenger , Keith Bouchard , told CNN affiliate WLS-TV . "  I am not going to have a holiday mood till I get home , " stranded passenger Ken Estes told WLS . O'Hare 's trouble extended to South Florida , where Laura Weichhand and Rachel Lewis got stuck at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport when their flight to Chicago was canceled . "  If we want to be home for Christmas ... our only option is we 're going to drive 26 hours to be home for Christmas , " Lewis told CNN affiliate WPLG-TV . The Chicago area was expected to get 1 inch to 3 inches of new snow Wednesday . At Colorado 's Denver International Airport , lost luggage was a huge problem . Thousands of pieces of unclaimed baggage were in the airport 's arrivals area , CNN affiliate KMGH-TV reported . Deanna Nokes , who was stranded in Denver on her way to Portland , Oregon , told KGMH her bags were nowhere in sight . "  They do n't even know where my bag is , " she told the station . "  It still could be in Vegas , or Phoenix , or Portland . " Airports in Portland , Oregon , and Seattle , Washington , were hit hardest by weather delays earlier in the week , with hundreds of flight cancellations Sunday through Tuesday . The two Northwest airports were reporting just a few delays Wednesday , but a new storm was rolling in from the Pacific Ocean , bringing snow and rain , the National Weather Service said . "  It will not be as strong as this past weekend 's storm , " said weather service meteorologist Kirby Cook in Seattle . But that may be of little consolation to thousands of travelers stranded at Northwest airports because of cancellations earlier in the week . Alaska Airlines , the area 's major carrier , said fully booked holiday flights left it with few options to accommodate the weather weary , CNN affiliate KHQ-TV in Spokane , Washington , reported . Some in Spokane turned to Craigslist.com to try to get home for Christmas . The Web site had more than 30 posts from people looking to get to or out of Spokane , CNN affiliate KXLY-TV reported . "  I know Craigslist has a rideshare community so I thought I 'd try , and so far not so good , " Priscilla Davis of Federal Way , Washington , told KXLY .	NEW : 18 passengers treated at scene after exposure to de-icing fluid Fumes send seven Alaska Airlines crew members to the hospital AirTran jetliner skids off runway in Moline , Illinois , TV station reports Weather delays Christmas Eve flights across country
CNN  -- Arjen Robben scored twice on his debut as Bayern Munich gave new coach Louis Van Gaal his first victory with a 3-0 crushing of German Bundesliga champions Wolfsburg on Saturday . Two-goal Arjen Robben made an immediate impact following his transfer from Real Madrid . The Dutch winger netted both goals in the second half to add to Mario Gomez 's first-half opener at the Allianz Arena . The victory left Bayern five points behind new leaders Bayer Leverkusen , who went three points clear after four games with a 2-1 victory at home to Bochum earlier on Saturday . Visiting Wolfsburg crashed to a second successive defeat , having lost 4-2 to Hamburg last weekend . Armin Veh 's team went behind in the 27th minute when Germany striker Gomez pounced for his second goal of the season after Diego Benaglio could only parry Hamit Altintop 's long-range shot . Van Gaal brought on Robben , signed during the week from Spanish big-spenders Real Madrid , at the start of the second half . His first goal was set up by fellow substitute Franck Ribery in the 69th minute , with the Dutchman 's shot taking a slight deflection off Andrea Barzagli . Wolfsburg striker Edin Dzeko hit the post in the 72nd minute and his fellow frontman Grafite had an effort cleared off the line by Philipp Lahm soon after . But Robben settled Bayern 's nerves in the 81st minute from a counter-attack , with France star Ribery again involved . Leverkusen trailed Bochum in the 32nd minute when Manuel Friedrich put the ball into his own net , deflecting Joel Epalle 's shot past goalkeeper Rene Adler . But the defender made amends four minutes before halftime when he headed home Michael Kadlec 's long free-kick to equalize . Stefan Kiessling fired the winner with just over 20 minutes remaining with a right-foot effort from a cross by Toni Kross for his fourth goal of the season . In Saturday 's other games , Freiburg ended Schalke 's unbeaten run as Cha Du-Ri 's goal five minutes before halftime gave the visitors their first win since returning to the top flight . Hoffenheim also claimed a first victory of the league season , winning 1-0 at Hannover thanks to Carlos Eduardo 's first-half strike . Eintracht Frankfurt drew 1-1 at home to Borussia Dortmund , with Ioannis Amanatidis canceling out Mohamed Zidan 's opener for the visitors . Nurnberg moved a point above bottom club Cologne -- who face Hamburg on Sunday -- after a 0-0 draw at Stuttgart .	Arjen Robben scores twice on his debut as Bayern Munich notch first victory Dutch winger 's double comes in 3-0 win over German champions Wolfsburg Victory leaves Louis Van Gaal 's side five points behind Bayer Leverkusen Leverkusen three points clear at the top after 2-1 win at home to Bochum
Washington  CNN  -- Finding al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and rolling back a resurgent Taliban are necessary steps toward winning the war in Afghanistan , the top U.S. commander there told a Senate committee Tuesday . Bin Laden remains at large more than eight years after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington that triggered the Afghan war , and is widely believed to be hiding along the rugged border between Afghanistan and Pakistan . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , said the world 's most wanted terrorist is "  an iconic figure " whose survival "  emboldens al Qaeda as a franchising organization across the world . " "  It would not defeat al Qaeda to have him captured or killed , but I do n't think we can finally defeat al Qaeda until he is finally captured or killed , " McChrystal told the Senate Armed Services Committee . But he said if bin Laden is hiding across the border , "  It is outside of my mandate . " In addition , he said , pushing back the Taliban -- which allowed al Qaeda to operate from Afghanistan before 9/11 -- is a "  prerequisite " for destroying the terrorist network . "  To pursue our core goal of defeating al Qaeda and preventing their return to Afghanistan , we must disrupt and degrade the Taliban 's capacity , deny their access to the Afghan population , and strengthen the Afghan security forces , " he said . McChrystal 's appearance before senators was his second round of testimony on Capitol Hill on Tuesday , following a session with the House Armed Services Committee earlier in the day . Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador in Kabul , joined him in both hearings . Both men were called to testify about President Obama 's new plan for the Afghan war , which involves the deployment of another 30,000 U.S. troops and a July 2011 date for the beginning of an American withdrawal . McChrystal said the next 18 months will be "  critical " to the war effort and said U.S. forces must convince Afghans that "  we are going to win . " The United States and its NATO allies must reverse the Taliban 's actual and perceived momentum and establish "  contiguous security " around the country rather than the pockets that currently exist , McChrystal said . One advantage U.S. troops have is that the Taliban -- which ruled most of Afghanistan before the 9/11 attacks -- remain largely unpopular among Afghans and draw support only through the threat of violence . "  I have never seen evidence that the Taliban have popular support like a political liberation movement , " he said . In August , the general had cautioned that a failure to reverse Taliban gains within 12 months could make defeating the insurgents impossible . But his testimony Tuesday lengthened that timeline . "  The sober fact is that there are no silver bullets , " he told the House committee . "  Ultimate success will be the cumulative effect of sustained pressure . " McChrystal said he "  participated fully in the president 's assessment and decision-making process " and fully supports Obama 's decision . And Eikenberry , whose leaked cables to Washington indicated that he opposed sending large numbers of troops to the conflict , told the Senate he is "  100 percent " behind the new strategy "  with the refinement of the mission . " His initial questions , Eikenberry told the House , were about the number of troops , the timeline for those troops , and the context in which those troops would operate . "  The mission was refined , the ways forward were clarified , and the resources now have been committed to allow us to achieve the refined mission , " said the ambassador , a retired general who held a senior post in Kabul before retiring from the Army . "  With that , at this point in time ... I am unequivocally in support of this mission and I am exactly aligned with Gen. McChrystal in moving forward now to vigorously implement the assigned mission . " Both Eikenberry and McChrystal went out of their way to minimize the differences in their views after reports of an Eikenberry cable advising the president that McChrystal 's plans to send more troops would be ill advised because of a lack of confidence in the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai . In their opening statements , both said they were honored to testify together and each called the other a friend . But more of those differences were seen when the men gave their predictions about the final outcome of the war . "  I believe we will absolutely be successful , " McChrystal responded when the committee chairman , Rep. Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , asked the general point-blank about the chances for success of the U.S. mission . Earlier , in his opening remarks , the general had said , "  The mission is not only important , it is also achievable . We can and will accomplish this mission . " Eikenberry was more cautious , saying that "  success is not guaranteed but it is possible . " But McChrystal emphasized that the July 2011 date is only a marker in the broader picture , and not a "  major factor " in U.S. military strategy . "  I do n't view July 2011 as a deadline . I do n't believe it is a deadline at all , " he told lawmakers , later adding that he assumed a U.S. troop withdrawal will begin at that time . "  It is a solid decision the president has made and I operate under the assumption that we will begin to decrease our forces beginning in July 2011 , " the general said . McChrystal said that the influx of additional troops should bring "  significant progress " in the war by next summer , and by next December he should be able to "  lay out progress " and show evidence of success in a report he will present . "  My expectation is the insurgency will be less robust in the summer of 2011 , significantly so , and it is also my expectation that the Afghan security forces will be more robust , " McChrystal said . "  I see confidently in the summer of 2011 that beginning the reduction of forces will be appropriate , the pace and scope of which needs to be conditions-based on how strong is insurgency at that point . " He said the Taliban must not become "  an existential threat " to the Afghan government , "  and thus to the Afghan people . " "  So rather than wipe out every Taliban member , what we need to do is lower their capacity to the point where -- within their own means -- Afghanistan can hold them from being a major threat to either their way of life or their government . "  I think that , over time , that will cause the Taliban to go away , to become irrelevant , and cease to exist , " he explained . At present , 68,000 U.S. troops are operating under both NATO and U.S. commands in Afghanistan , and around 42,000 non-U.S. forces are under NATO . The Pentagon announced 1,500 more Marines would be deploying this month as part of the new strategy . Last week , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said that Britain , Italy , Poland , Slovakia and non-NATO member Georgia are among at least 25 countries offering to send a total of 7,000 additional troops to Afghanistan . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I do n't think we can finally defeat al Qaeda " without getting bin Laden , McChrystal says NEW : General , U.S. ambassador testify before House and Senate armed services committees McChrystal : Perceptions of Afghan people and insurgency will be critical to success McChrystal : "  I do n't view July 2011 as a deadline . "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Growing up , Austin Chapman was mystified by people 's reaction to music . He would poke fun at those around him who abandoned their composure to sing their favorite song or twirl around a dance floor . When someone wept at the tune of a ballad , he was bewildered . To him , music sounded "  like trash . " Until this summer , Chapman , a 23-year-old filmmaker , was able to hear only a distorted version of music in the form of bass and mid-tones through his old hearing aids . When he was just 9 months old , his parents learned that he was born "  profoundly deaf , " and he was immediately fitted with his first listening device . It helped , but he was unable to hear anything clearly . Until now . It was nearly midnight July 6 when he was able to hear his first song in its entirety : Mozart 's "  Lacrimosa . " Fitted with a new pair of hearing aids for the first time in years , Chapman was sitting in a car with his close friends and remembers the moment vividly : "  I was blown away by the beauty of it . At one point of the song , it sounded like angels singing , and I suddenly realized that this was the first time I was able to appreciate music . Tears rolled down my face , and I tried to hide it . But when I looked over , I saw that there was n't a dry eye in the car . " Chapman just acquired the newest technology in hearing aids because his health coverage under his parents ' insurance plan was about to expire . He had been skeptical and reluctant to update his devices , but his parents urged him to investigate any improvements in the technology . "  I decided to give it a shot because a lot can happen in four years . It was one of the best decisions of my life , " Chapman said . "  I can hear much higher tones than before . It is also much louder and clearer . I actually have to keep my hearing aids at about 70 % power-volume most of the time . " Now Chapman is blogging about his experience on his film website , ArtoftheStory.com , and on the social news site Reddit in a post entitled "  I can hear music for the first time ever , what should I listen to ? " More than 14,000 responses came , with people sharing their favorite songs and recommending all kinds of melodies for Chapman to experience for the first time . Some readers posted links to YouTube videos of their favorite tunes . Others provided long lists of tracks and artists . And some just left messages letting him know they were touched or inspired by his story . "  I am blown away by all the feedback , " Chapman said . "  I 'm currently organizing the most popular comments and suggestions and will be posting them soon . " Among them : "  Three Little Birds " by Bob Marley , "  Paranoid Android " by Radiohead and "  Brain Damage " by Pink Floyd , some of his current top songs . Chapman 's favorite songs The most-suggested track was "  Bohemian Rhapsody " by Queen , which he described as a masterpiece . "  I was nervous that the hype would ruin it for me , " Chapman said of the 1975 hit . "  I was wrong . " Chapman , who studied creative writing and film at Pepperdine University , is a lifelong movie buff who even learned how to lip-read by matching up actors ' lips with the subtitles . Being able to add music to his arsenal as a filmmaker is the most exciting part of the discovery , he said . He even started working with a composer on a short he shot several months ago . "  It 's ironic , because when I shot this short , I never in a million years thought I would be able to work on the soundtrack . Now , a few months later , I 'm sitting next to my friends , layering different tracks , " Chapman said . Now , when he sees someone singing along or dancing to the rhythm of a beat , he smiles in sympathy . "  I understand how it could have such an impact on the listener , " he said . But on his personal blog , he pointed out that he still enjoys the absence of sound . "  When I turn my aids off , my thoughts become more clear and it 's absolutely peaceful , " he wrote . "  I hope that one day hearing people get the opportunity to experience utter silence . " I listen to color : Device turns colors into audio	Deaf filmmaker Austin Chapman , 23 , buys hearing aid before losing his parents ' insurance He weeps when he hears the full range of music for the first time The first song he enjoys in its entirety is Mozart 's "  Lacrimosa " 14,000 posts on Reddit recommend all sorts of music
Washington  CNN  -- As debates swirl about the "  militarization of police , " President Barack Obama has ordered a review of programs enabling state and local law enforcement to buy military equipment , a senior administration official said Saturday . The decision follows public criticism of the recent use of such assets -- including armored vehicles , high-tech weaponry and stun grenades -- in Ferguson , Missouri , where police have faced off with protesters ever since the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown . Acquisition of military surplus equipment by local police departments became possible through the military 's Defense Logistics Agency , a law enforcement support program established in 1999 . But , once in the hands of these departments , it 's "  up to local law enforcement to determine how and when and where and under what circumstances they use excess military equipment , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said earlier this week . Opinion : The real reason Ferguson has military weapons Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson has defended his force 's actions , saying officers have needed protection and noting that some protesters have thrown fire bombs . Other officials , including Gov. Jay Nixon , have expressed concern about the ramped-up equipment and patrols following the first protests . On Monday , Obama signaled police access to military power may be due a look . "  There is a big difference between our military and our local law enforcement , and we do n't want those lines blurred , " he said . "  That would be contrary to our traditions . " Concerns about perception have been echoed by Attorney General Eric Holder . "  At a time when we must seek to rebuild trust between law enforcement and the local community , I am deeply concerned that the deployment of military equipment and vehicles sends a conflicting message , " he said . The review will explore whether such programs and funding are appropriate , whether state and local enforcement agencies have the necessary training and guidance after getting such equipment , and whether the federal government is sufficiently auditing the use of equipment obtained through federal programs and funding . White House staff -- including members of the Domestic Policy Council , the National Security Council and the Office of Management and Budget -- will lead the review in coordination with Congress , according to the official . Officer Wilson 's supporters : ` We will not hide " CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	President Obama orders review of programs providing local police military equipment Decision follows criticisms of law enforcement force in Ferguson , Missouri Nation 's eyes have been on Ferguson since fatal police shooting of Michael Brown
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea 's ruling Saenuri Party overwhelmingly selected Park Geun-hye as its presidential candidate during its political convention on Monday . If elected , Park -- the first woman ever nominated by the party , and the daughter of the country 's former dictator -- would become the country 's first-ever female president . Park won the support of her party running on a campaign of creating "  a country where no one is left behind . " Park has said she will focus on welfare policies if she is elected in December and will engage with North Korea if Pyongyang abandons its nuclear weapons program . Park hopes to unite a country that the legacy of her father , the late Park Chung-hee , still divides . The military dictator who went on to win elections was behind the rapid economic growth of South Korea during the 1960s , following the Korean War , which lasted from 1950 to1953 and devastated the peninsula . Supporters say he economically transformed the country , but critics say he disregarded democracy to do so and committed human rights abuses . Under pressure from the Kennedy administration in the United States , Park re-established civilian rule and was elected in a national referendum in 1963 , and easily re-elected in 1967 , former U.S. Ambassador to South Korea Donald Gregg noted in a 1999 Time article . Park "  had a hard time beating Kim Dae-jung in 1971 . The validity of Park 's narrow election victory is still questioned . In 1972 , fearing Kim 's political potency , Park changed the election system , allowing indirect voting that could be controlled by the incumbent . In 1972 and again in 1978 he was easily elected for six-year terms , " wrote Gregg , who had served as ambassador from 1989 to 1993 . Park was assassinated by his security chief in 1979 . Park Geun-hye lost to the current president , Lee Myung-bak , in the party 's last primary in 2007 . Lee can only serve one term under South Korean law . CNN 's Judy Kwon and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	If elected , Park Geun-hye would be the country 's first female president Park is the daughter of former dictator Park Chung-hee He was assassinated by his security chief in 1979
Have you heard that it all comes down to turnout ? Of course you have , because politicians say it every November . But the act of getting voters to the polls is much more than a shopworn cliche . There 's an entire industry in American politics built around finding and mobilizing voters , largely constructed by Democrats who have been innovating in the field for more than a decade . The nerd science of campaigning -- sifting through data , analyzing behavior , modeling segments of voters and persuading people to cast ballots -- is one reason President Barack Obama 's team flabbergasted Mitt Romney 's overconfident numbers-crunchers in 2012 . Many of those same Democratic operatives are on the front lines of the 2014 midterm elections , mining the electorate , state-by-state , to find enough voters to tip a race one or two points in their direction . Having a well-oiled field operation is never enough to overcome a bad national climate or a bum candidate at the top of the ticket . But in a tight campaign like so many of the deadlocked 2014 races it can make a serious difference . DSCC back on the air in Kentucky With advanced analytics and targeting , the Obama team in 2012 narrow-casted its message to persuadable voters -- on Facebook , on television , on Pandora , on well-placed billboards , on doorsteps , wherever -- and tilted swing state electorates in their favor . It was done efficiently , without wasting money on television ads or mailers that were hitting the wrong households . In press reports after the campaign , Obama 's tech savants were hailed as "  gurus " and "  masterminds . " They were n't always so celebrated . "  On the Kerry campaign in 2004 , they put the internet team -- they called us the Internet team , not digital -- next to the IT team , and most people would come over and ask us to fix their printers , " says Andrew Bleeker , the founder of Bully Pulpit Interactive , one the Democratic Party 's premier digital firms . "  That was how little people understood , " he says . "  It was n't until we started to produce metrics that people understood that people took us seriously . So raising money was the first big one . We raised $ 87 million in 2004 . And then people said , all right . Digital . Got it . " Bleeker was a grunt on the Kerry campaign . But like many of his young colleagues , he was a pioneer . Bleeker , now 29 , went on to steer digital marketing for both of Obama 's innovative campaigns , launching Bully Pulpit along the way to build full-spectrum digital campaigns for Democrats . Hillary Clinton is returning to Iowa Along with Obama , they 've helped elect Elizabeth Warren in 2012 as well as New York Mayor Bill de Blasio and Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in 2013 . This cycle , Bully Pulpit is doing independent expenditure work for Democratic party committees as well as NextGen Climate , the Tom Steyer-funded environmental outfit . In a fragmented and self-segregating media world , defined by declining television viewership and skyrocketing mobile usage , the digital geeks of 2004 are now at the chief innovators of voter targeting . "  In 2004 , there were like 30 of us in a horrible dive bar , " said Ben Coffey Clark , a veteran of Howard Dean 's presidential campaign and a partner a Bully Pulpit . "  We started off in the back of the campaign , with no access , no insight and no budget . Now we are at the forefront of how you reach voters and change sentiment online . " By matching voter files with consumer data and online behavior , Bully Pulpit creates models of voting universes and devises clever , eye-catching ways to engage with them in the digital space , where attention spans are notoriously short . The "  Stop Tweeting Boring Shit " poster displayed prominently in its Farragut North offices is less a joke than a guiding principle . Their goals -- fundraising , persuasion , mobilization -- are as varied as the tools they employ . They produce online video , display ads , micro-sites , Facebook and Twitter campaigns and email blasts for their candidates . "  We know how to reach people that are low TV watchers , " says Mark Skidmore , a Bully Pulpit partner with a background in corporate marketing and communications . "  We know from our modeling that 33 % , as high as 40 % , of voters might not be watching any television . So if you are spending the majority of budget on television , guess what ? You are probably not getting any of that 40 % . " With election day less than two weeks away , their offices resemble a day-trading firm , with scores of smartly-dressed young operatives glued to their computers and pushing out content aimed at mobilizing voters . "  Right now , we are optimizing our campaigns , " Clark says . "  The strategy has been set . We know the story of the candidates . We have really good content and video and sites to direct people towards . " "  Digital , " "  data , " "  field , " "  micro-targeting " -- the terms are often confused or lumped together as catchall shorthand for whatever it was the Obama campaign did on its Chicago computers to mobilize auto workers in Youngstown or Puerto Ricans in Orlando . The truth is that they are each discrete domains , each requiring its own expertise and methods . Democrats , the successful ones at least , have won by synchronizing those activities both inside their campaign offices and across the spectrum of left-leaning interest groups , ensuring that the right voters are getting the right message at exactly the right time and place . Another truth : Democrats are still better at most of it than Republicans . "  Republicans are still very much in the television persuasion model , " said Zac Moffat , who led digital strategy for Romney 's campaign and runs Target Victory , a leading GOP digital firm . "  We are still having philosophical arguments about where we are , and meanwhile the Democrats arguing about the type of targeting to use . " After getting walloped in the field in 2012 , the GOP vowed to overhaul their digital and data efforts . In many ways , they have . The Republican National Committee , for instance , added a team of data scientists , juiced its email marketing and fundraising efforts  remember those George H.W. Bush socks ?  , and created a widely-used app for door-to-door canvassers . Today , 70 % of RNC voter data being collected in the field is done digitally  $ " up from just 5 % last cycle . Outside groups like American Crossroads and Americans for Prosperity have also revamped their data and digital programs , tapping into the RNC 's voter file , Data Trust , and i360 , another data hub affiliated with the Koch brothers financial network . Opinion : Why the ` Seinfeld election ' matters But while Republicans have developed the tools and can point to a bevy of talented digital strategists in their ranks , they still have n't matched the culture or the manpower of the Democratic tech world that 's been blossoming for over a decade . There are schools and training programs in Democratic circles focused on field organizing and data ; Bleeker himself teaches one at Georgetown University . And there 's a tradition of sharing information and best practices that 's been well-established over the years , spearheaded by left-leaning interest groups and labor unions that began experimenting with voter contact techniques during the George W. Bush years . Moffat is confident Republicans will catch up . It will take time , he says , for the party 's established consultant class , schooled in TV-buying , to understand the importance of data and digital advertising . "  It 's not that Republicans are n't building tools , " he says . "  The tools are there , it 's just a question of why are n't people choosing to use them . "	There 's an entire industry to find and mobilize voters Bully Pulpit Interactive is a premier Democratic digital firm "  It was n't until we started to produce metrics that people understood that people took us seriously "
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's highest court Friday ordered President Robert Mugabe to ensure the African country holds elections by the end of July . Chief Justice Godfrey Chidyausiku said that out of a nine-judge panel only two had dissented to the ruling he delivered . Opinion : Africa 's rocky road to democracy Mugabe "  is hereby ordered and directed to proclaim dates for presidential , general elections ... which elections should take place not later than 31 July 2013 , " he said in a packed Supreme Court chamber . The ruling was made after a former journalist with a defunct daily newspaper asked the court to order Mugabe to call for elections by end of June . Zimbabwe 's parliament expires automatically on June 29 but Mugabe would have had until October 31 to hold elections . Earlier this week the country 's finance minister , Tendai Biti , told journalists that Zimbabwe was struggling to raise the $ 132 million needed for conduct elections . The elections -- to be held under a new constitution endorsed in a referendum in March -- will end the power-sharing government of Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai formed in 2009 . That followed a violence-marred election in 2008 in which Mugabe had claimed victory but regional leaders regarded as a sham . A new constitution was one of the conditions set by regional leaders before fresh elections . The new constitution limits the president to two five-year terms . Mugabe , 89 , has been in power since 1980 , when Zimbabwe attained independence from Great Britain , but may seek another term because the new charter does not apply retroactively .	Chief Justice Godfrey Chidyausiku sets a July 31 deadline for elections President Robert Mugabe would have had until October 31 to hold elections A former journalist had asked the court to order Mugabe to call for elections by end of June
CNN  -- I 'm a little nervous about flying right now . You can guess why . An airplane takes off from Malaysia 's main airport and disappears . An international coalition of countries has been searching for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 for more than a week without success . How does an airplane disappear ? Closer to home , a U.S. Airways flight blows a tire on takeoff and smartphone pictures show the plane 's nose hitting the ground . Fortunately , the pilot manages to land without seriously injuring anyone . A Delta Air Lines aircraft loses a panel on one of its wings during a flight from Orlando , Florida , to Atlanta . It also lands safely . These scary-sounding mishaps are smaller reminders that things can and do go wrong Despite how rare airline accidents are , many travelers get nervous when major -- and even relatively minor -- incidents occur . It 's not rational thinking . The odds of dying in an airplane crash are really low . There were 35.1 million commercial flights worldwide , and 15 fatal accidents with 414 fatalities in 2012 , the last full year for which the International Air Transport Association has Ascend Flightglobal data . And the odds are even better if you only flew within the United States : There were no airline fatalities in the U.S. in 2012 , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . You know you 're more likely to die in a car crash . More than 33,000 people died in motor vehicle crashes in 2012 in the United States alone . Also specific to the United States , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's 2012 Traffic Safety Facts Data reports a fatality rate of 1.14 fatalities per 100 million vehicle miles traveled . Over the course of your lifetime , you 're more likely to die by killing yourself  1 in 106  , drowning  1 in 1,112  or choking on your food  1 in 3,842  , according to the National Safety Council . Now that we know all that data , why do air disasters still unnerve us ? The mind was built to flee From an evolutionary perspective , the mind 's primary objective is to look out for anything that might harm us and avoid it at all costs , says Julie Pike , a psychologist at the Anxiety Disorders Treatment Center in Durham , North Carolina . This has helped people live longer for thousands of years , she says . This discomfort over this latest airline incident reminds us how little control we have over many aspects of our lives . "  We like to be able to see , hear and control where we 're going and what we 're doing ; we like situations in which we believe we could make an exit if necessary , grab the wheel , or jump out of the way , " says Pike , via e-mail . "  With flying , that 's impossible . " This is one weird airline mystery Commercial airline pilot and aviation author Patrick Smith says the intense media coverage causes people to lose track of the fact that , despite occasional tragedies , commercial flying has never been safer than it is right now . "  Worldwide , the trend over the past several years has been one of steady improvement , to the point where last year was the safest in the entire history of commercial aviation , " says Smith , who blogs about air travel at askthepilot.com , via e-mail . "  Hopefully their number continues to diminish , but a certain number of accidents will always be inevitable . " "  In some ways , the weirdness of the Malaysia Airlines story speaks to how well we have engineered away what once were the most common causes of crashes . Those that still occur tend to be more mysterious and strange than in decades past . " Airline fatalities are rare , but the possibility is still scary . What can we do about it ? Face your fear Do n't try to run from the fear , suggests Pike . "  Rather than trying to control the plane , work on accepting the desire to control it , " she says . "  Thank your mind for trying to protect you . Focus on simply noticing the thoughts , feelings and sensations without attaching to them or trying to make them go away . " Tell the crew you 're scared , suggests flight attendant Heather Poole , author of "  Cruising Attitude : Tales of Crashpad , Crew Drama , and Crazy Passengers at 35,000 Feet . " "  If we know you 're scared , we 'll go out of our way to be reassuring if the airplane does encounter a few bumps , " says Poole , via e-mail . "  We 'll update you on whatever information the captain passes along to us regarding delays , mechanicals , weather or turbulence . I 've gone as far as to sit in an empty seat beside someone and hold their hand . " Poole , who 's been a flight attendant for 18 years , suggests passengers who hate turbulence sit close to the cockpit -- the front of the plane is n't as bumpy as the rear . Passengers can also download the MyRadar app to track the bumpy weather . Or how about a prayer ? Artist 's Way author Julia Cameron writes out prayers for her specific fears of flying : takeoff , turbulence and landing . She also takes a nice stack of gossip magazines : "  Buy tabloids . Celebrity gossip is engrossing . Celebrity cellulite can make you forget turbulence . "	The disappearance of Malaysia Flight 370 has made some nervous fliers more nervous Statistics are on the flier 's side : More people die in car accidents than in airplane crashes Even eating is more dangerous -- you 're more likely to die by choking on your dinner
When Harry returned home the morning after the typhoon struck , he found part of the roof missing from his home . It was n't as bad as Yolanda , " he said , referring to Typhoon Haiyan , which completely destroyed his house in the Magallanes "  barangay , " or district , of Tacloban a year ago . "  It was so scary . " Much of his barangay , which lies close to the water 's edge , was decimated by the storm surge that was generated by the most powerful storm ever to make landfall in November , 2013 . It is also one of the poorest areas in Tacloban . Little more than a year on and most people in this traumatized town in the central Philippines will be incredibly relieved that Typhoon Hagupit , which passed some 50 kilometers north , came with nothing like the force of Haiyan . Most of what has been rebuilt in the past few months has largely remained intact . Harry was one of many who heeded official warnings to evacuate to safer areas during the storm -- he was not going to repeat the mistake he made last year of trying to ride it out . Surveying the damage around his modest home , its walls held up by various metal sheets and cardboard boxes , Harry seemed remarkably positive : "  It 's not so bad . " Pointing at the missing part of his ceiling above his living area and kitchen , he added : "  It was not nailed down as well as the other area of roof . " He 'll just repair it again like last time . TYPHOON TRACKER : Follow Hagupit 's path Checking for damage This was a typical scene across Tacloban on Sunday morning , as some 48,000 people anxiously prepared to return to their homes from evacuation centers to check the damage . According to the mayor and the city 's disaster management authorities , there have so far been no casualties and power should be restored in the next day or so . Clearing up is more about mopping up ; torrential rains drenched the entire area , flooding many roads . Though the storm was nowhere near as powerful as last year 's , authorities took no chances and were prepared for what was to come . Our next stop was the Santa Nino church , a building that became symbolic of the damage done by Haiyan . Almost leveled completely , it was in the process of being renovated . Hagupit spared it this time around -- the only clues to what took place the night before were lots of tree branches and roots strewn around the surrounding streets . Still waiting for homes Many people in Tacloban are still living in tents or other rudimentary structures more than a year after Haiyan . They 've been promised new homes but the process has been extremely slow . For those lucky enough to get one , they 're often located miles away . They may be away from vulnerable , flood-prone areas , but they 're also far from where they work , shops and their friends . These are the main reasons why many have chosen -- against the wishes of the government -- to rebuild their basic shanty homes in areas like Magallanes and San Jose . Yet some like Lucrecia Simbajon , 58 , another resident of Magallanes , would jump at the chance of a new home if only she was offered one . She and her family are among hundreds who have spent the last few days camped out at the local Roman Catholic "  Redemption " church . "  I do n't know how long I 'm going to be here , as the roof was blown off my house last night , " she said . Her home -- a typical wooden and metal shack -- was wiped out last year . As a result , she spent more than 20 days at the Redemption , lying between pews with her children . Though it is easily the sturdiest building in the area , the church 's perforated roof is a reminder that Haiyan spared little in its path . Simbajon does n't know how she 'll carry out the repairs this time around . Her house is located in an area declared a "  no build zone " because it was so close to the coast and therefore vulnerable to storm surges . "  We need help from the government -- financial assistance , materials , so we can rebuild , " she said . They got no help after Haiyan , she added . Aside from delivering parcels of rice and noodles , she said no one from the government had been near over the past few days . Asked if she 'd consider one of the new houses the local government pledged to build in the wake of Haiyan , she was emphatic : "  We no longer have a home here . For my family we are willing to move , to transfer . " Sheltering in chapel The atmosphere inside the main chapel at the Redemption was far calmer than a day earlier when everyone nervously awaited the arrival of Hagupit -- these were among the town 's poorest and most vulnerable . A white board listed everyone who was evacuated here , including several heavily pregnant women . Alita Castillo , another local , is also a volunteer with a local NGO dealing with disaster risk reduction . Her entire family is staying in an adjacent hall . "  We 're more prepared this year , with more people prepared to leave their houses , " she said . "  Last year , we had 70 families staying with us in the church . This time we have more than 200 . " Yet she and her family still do n't have a house , more than a year after Haiyan . And now the house she had been staying in has been badly damaged . "  I do n't know where we 'll go this time , " she said . "  We helped organize a home owner 's association and luckily , with help from the church , the United Nations , and a few other groups , we 'll be eligible for free housing -- but it 's still in the process . Hopefully two years from now I will have one . "	Residents of Tacloban returning to home to check for damage Town relatively unscathed by Typhoon Hagupit which made landfall Saturday Tacloban was all but destroyed by Super Typhoon Haiyan last year Survivors feared all their efforts to rebuild would be destroyed
CNN  -- This week the world will reach 7 billion people . Understandably that raises concern about a soaring world population . But there is a good news story from the demographic data that is not often told . We -- or rather the poor women of the world -- are defusing the population bomb . Women today are having half as many children as their mothers and grandmothers . The global average is now down to 2.5 children per woman , and it continues to fall . This is not just a rich-world phenomenon . Much of Asia now has fertility rates below two , from Japan and Korea to China , with its one-child policy , through Taiwan , Vietnam , Burma , Singapore and much of southern India and parts of the Middle East . Behind the veil , the women of Iran have cut their fertility from eight to less than two in a generation . The young people out on the streets demanding democracy during the Arab Spring are arguably far more politically active because they are not at home raising large families . Falling fertility happens faster if countries get richer and if women are better educated . Similarly urbanization helps a lot . While even young children can be an economic asset on an African peasant farm , they are an economic liability in cities , where they require education before they can get a job . The teeming megacities of the poor world may look like symbols of overpopulation , but they are part of the solution , too . But the real story is that rich or poor , Muslim or Catholic , secular or devout , socialist or capitalist , with tough government birth control policies or none , most countries tell the same story . Small families are becoming the new norm . The reason , I believe , is very simple . Women are having smaller families because for the first time in history they can . In the 20th century , the world largely eradicated the diseases that used to kill off most children . Today , most kids get to grow up . Mothers no longer need to have five or six children to ensure the next generation . Two or three is enough , and that is what they are choosing to have . There are holdouts , of course . In much of Africa , rural women still typically have five children or more . But if Africa follows Asia , then we can see an end to population growth . We are , I believe , likely to see "  peak population " by about mid-century . Perhaps at around 9 billion people . After that , on current trends of fertility falling to below replacement levels , we will see a falling world population . And rapid aging . With longer life expectancy and fewer babies , this is all but inevitable . China will soon be aging faster than anywhere on Earth . Aging is set to be the dominant demographic phenomenon of the 21st century , just as the population boom dominated the 20th century . What does this mean for the environment ? Well , peak population is good news , of course . But do n't hang the flags . It is a pervasive myth that it is all those extra people that are wrecking the planet . That 's no longer the case . Rising consumption today is a far bigger threat to the environment than a rising head-count . And most of that extra consumption is still happening in rich countries that have long since given up growing their populations . According to Stephen Pacala , the director of the Princeton Environmental Institute , the world 's richest half billion people -- that 's about 7 % of the global population -- are responsible for half the world 's carbon dioxide emissions , the primary cause of man-made climate change . Meanwhile the poorest 50 % of the world are responsible for just 7 % of emissions . So there is no way halting population growth in the poor world today would have more than a very marginal effect on climate change . It is the world 's consumption patterns we need to fix , not its reproductive habits . Every time we talk about too many babies in Africa or India , we are denying this fact . The population bomb may be being defused by the women of the poor world . But the rich world has not even begun to defuse the consumption bomb . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fred Pearce .	Fred Pearce says there 's good news attached to the 7 billion population milestone He says woman are having far fewer children than their forebears ; global average is 2.5 He says small families new norm as old reasons for having more children are gone Pearce : Problem now is smaller population has upped its consumption , environmental damage
The Frisky  -- Many couples feel that marriage is not necessary for happiness and long-term commitment . Fifteen women give us their ideas about what marriage means and why they do n't need it to be happy in their relationships . "  Both of us have had bad marriages and divorces . When we got together , it was n't supposed to be a forever thing . Now I realize if I had married him to begin with , I would n't be so against marriage , but we are happy the way things are and neither of us want that to change . " -- Suzanne A. , Charlottesville , Virginia The Frisky : Are "  part-time " marriages a new trend ? "  We did n't get married for a number of reasons : the timing was never right , we were never sure of each other , we were always more focused on just ourselves instead of each other , we were n't sure if we were always right for the other . We were the complete opposites , we were like oil and water in the relationship , and we fought all the time , but we loved each other unconditionally . " -- Diana B. , Rogers , Arkansas "  I just do n't see the point in getting a piece of paper to ` complete ' our relationship . We have been together for 15 years and we feel married . We plan to be together forever , but I just do n't see why getting that on paper really matters . " -- Shannon M. , Newark , New Jersey The Frisky : A bad marriage is bad for your health "  To be perfectly honest , not being married but just being together allows me to feel free while still being in a loving and committed relationship . I have always had a fear of commitment and not being married allows me to not feel this fear , while still being with the man I love . " -- Sarah L. , Lodi , Ohio "  I do not want to feel pressured to change my last name . I know this may sound petty and trivial , but in my family the wife must take her husband 's last name and I do not want this . By simply living together and not marrying I do not have to worry about this . " -- Lisa C. , Iowa "  I do n't want to be burdened with the ` wife role , ' and by not marrying I feel it helps us retain the equality in our relationship . I fear that marriage could cause him to want me to be a stay-at-home mom , and that is the one thing I have never wanted to be . We do want kids someday , but we both agreed that I could continue to work and I fear marriage would change this . " -- Cynthia G. , Marion , Illinois The Frisky : 30 things women should quit doing by 30 "  Marriage would put too much stress on us and our relationship . Things are fine the way they are , so why change this ? I fear that things like paying for a wedding would add stress , and since I was just laid off from my job , we do not need anymore stress . " -- Lindy M. and Jodie , West Virginia "  My parents lived together for 17 years before they got married . During the 17 years they just lived together , things were great . I remember us always being so happy . Then , four years after getting married , things started to turn sour and a year later they divorced . I fear that marriage would do the same thing to my current relationship of 11 years . " -- Erin J. , Phoenix , Arizona The Frisky : What age should you marry ? "  I do not believe in God , but my boyfriend does . The way things are now , this is not a problem . But if we got married , I feel it would become an issue when it comes to things like marrying in a church , deciding what to teach our children , etc. . If we remain unmarried , I do not see this becoming a major problem . " -- Matilda F. , Buffalo , New York "  Every one of our friends who are married seem incredibly stressed and on edge since they married . I do not want this for Tony and me . We have been together for four years , and we do have the occasional spat , but we are happy and relatively stress-free , and I feel not getting married will keep things this way for us . " -- Jessica M. , Minneapolis , Minnesota The Frisky : Is monogamy still important ? "  I just do n't see the point in paying money and having a wedding to prove how much we love each other . We have been together for seven years and have three amazing children together . We have four cats , a dog , an aquarium , a nice little house , are financially stable , and most of all we are incredibly happy with things just the way they are . " -- Samantha T. , Seattle , Washington "  Fear . Yes , fear . I am terrified that marriage will ruin what we already have . What I see everyday as a divorce attorney is marriage often leads to divorce . I do not want Aiden and I to become a statistic . I want us to remain happy and in love , just as we are now . " -- Amelia P. , Houston , Texas The Frisky : I slept with your husband "  Simply put , I have been divorced once and he has been divorced once . Neither of us is in a hurry to marry , and since we are both in our mid-50s , why marry now ? We have been happy for 12 years and marriage will not make us any happier . " -- Eleanor M. , Jacksonville , Florida "  This is a question I am asked often , specifically by my female friends and family members . To be perfectly honest , I do not have an exact answer . I just have a bad feeling that marriage is n't something Keith and I should do . I ca n't really explain it , but the feeling is there , and it gets stronger and stronger every time someone asks me why I do not want to get married . In the end , I will continue to go with my gut and just stay the way we are now . " -- Amanda W. , San Diego , California Mental Floss : Once a cheater , always a cheater ? "  I really do not think about this unless Adam wants to talk about possibly getting married in the future . Two years ago we got engaged and even started making some wedding plans . During that time we fought and fought and fought over the smallest , most insignificant things . Once we called off the engagement and stopped making wedding plans , the petty fights stopped . Do flowers , an expensive dress and a fancy reception hall really indicate how much two people love each other ? For some people the answer may be yes , but for Adam and I , mutual respect , honesty , loyalty , support and humor are how we express our love . It 's worked for a long time now , and I see it working forever . " -- Meehgan M. , Kansas City , Missouri TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	More than a dozen women reveal reasons they do n't want to get married "  What I see everyday as a divorce attorney is marriage often leads to divorce " "  I do n't want to be burdened with the "  wife role ' " "  I do not believe in God , but my boyfriend does " and marriage would create problems
Financial Times  -- When pop sensation Girls ' Generation recently provided the grand finale to the Late Show with David Letterman , a top slot on US television , it signalled that South Korea 's entertainment industry had broken out of Asia and is now looking to make it big in the west . Just days after making their first appearance on US network television with their hit single "  The Boys " , the band of nine telegenic women this week returned to France -- where tickets for a 2011 concert sold out in 15 minutes -- to sing on prime time television . Korean films , soap operas and "  K-Pop " music idols , many of which were modelled on Japan 's own sugary "  J-Pop " , have taken Asia by storm over the past decade . But the hallyu -- or "  Korean wave " as the phenomenon is known in Asia -- is now spreading to Europe and the US , and spurring South Korea 's export earnings . Cultural exports -- including films , comics and computer games -- hit a record $ 4.2 bn last year , up from $ 2.6 bn in 2009 , causing the share prices of leading entertainment studios to soar . Even Korea 's favourite cartoon character , the penguin Pororo , has appeared on television in 120 countries . Cho Hyun-jin , a government representative who coined the phrase K-Pop for Korean bands in a previous incarnation as a journalist , said the spread of Korean music had surpassed his highest hopes . "  It was my old heroes like Led Zeppelin who famously played Madison Square Garden . Now to see Girls ' Generation there is amazing , " he said . While Korea has been an export powerhouse for decades in electronics , ships and cars , manufacturing companies have rarely played up their Korean brand identity , fearing until recently they would be seen as inferior in quality to Japanese rivals . Cultural exports are , however , giving the once reclusive country a global cachet for the first time , shaking off the war-torn images of the US comedy M * A * S * H. Broadcasting exports such as television dramas hit $ 252m last year , up from $ 185m in 2009 , according to government statistics . Music earned $ 177m , soaring from only $ 31m in 2009 . Film exports earned $ 26m , up from $ 14m in 2009 . Until recently , hallyu was seen as an Asian phenomenon . A 2003 drama called "  Jewel in the Palace " about a female doctor at a 16th-century royal court proved a huge hit from Taiwan to Iran , and has more recently come to eastern Europe . Asia is still crucial and the most effective managers continue to target export markets there . Park Jin-young , the impresario who runs JYP Entertainment , created the band Miss A with two Korean and two Chinese singers , so they can record their hits in both Korean and Mandarin . Girls ' Generation sing in Korean , English and Japanese . "  The next phase is for the music industry to introduce western singers to globalise the boy and girl bands further , " said Han Koo-hyun , president of the Korean Wave Research Institute . Koreans have been surprised by the enthusiasm for K-Pop in the west , where Korean culture receives scant attention in mainstream media . Korean newspapers splash photographs of packed French concert halls or British fans greeting Girls ' Generation with signs in Korean . These European fans have largely discovered K-Pop through social networking sites , Facebook and YouTube . Many commentators have also observed that K-Pop 's novelty to outsiders comes from the years of training -- sometimes in tough quasi-boot camps -- that stars endure to ensure their songs are accompanied by immaculate group choreography that is rare in other pop music . While cultural exports are a source of national pride , Koreans are also calling for improved regulation of the industry . The suicide of Jang Ja-yeon , a soap starlet , in 2009 , focused attention on hallyu 's dark underworld where some performers are locked into slave contracts and are told to sleep with managers to win roles . Additional reporting by Kang Buseong and Jonathan Soble  The Financial Times Limited 2012	Korean films , soap operas and "  K-Pop " music idols have taken Asia by storm Cultural exports -- including films , comics and computer games -- hit a record $ 4.2 B Korea 's cultural playbook modeled on Japan 's own sugary "  J-Pop "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan got a temporary reprieve from a 120-day jail term for violating probation Friday , but the actress must immediately start court-ordered community service that should keep her busy for months . Lohan released from jail While Lohan recently traveled to New York to discuss acting roles , including in the upcoming "  Gotti " film , her next year could be spent in Los Angeles working on Skid Row , in court and behind bars . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner sentenced Lohan to jail and community service after deciding Friday that Lohan violated her probation when she was charged with stealing a necklace from a jewelry store in January . It 's the latest punishment for Lohan in a four-year-long legal saga that started with two drunk driving convictions in 2007 , followed by three judges ordering her to jail for probation violations in the past year . Unlike last September , when Lohan 's entry into drug rehab convinced another judge not to enforce a jail sentence for a failed drug test , a rehab stint does not appear to be an alternative this time . Lohan has spent a total of eight months in rehab programs since the start of 2007 for treatment of a self-admitted substance abuse problem . Sautner made it clear she thought Lohan did not respect the previous judges who sent her to jail twice last year . "  She thumbs her nose at the court , " Sautner said , referring to an incident last July that was caught by a courtroom camera . "  She walks into court with ' F U ' on her fingernails . I do n't know what that means unless it has ' I am ' before it . " It would take Lohan three months of working five days a week , eight hours a day to complete the 480 hours community service Sautner ordered Friday , along with the four-month jail sentence . Her first job will be for 360 hours at the Downtown Women 's Center on Skid Row in Los Angeles . Sautner suggested Lohan might behave better after seeing "  how truly needy women and women who have fallen on real hard times have to live . " Lohan must then work 120 hours at the Los Angeles County morgue , an assignment other drunk driving probationers have served . She still has a June 3 trial date for the necklace theft charge . The judge said she would "  give her an opportunity " by reducing the felony to a misdemeanor . The opportunity may be for Lohan to accept a plea deal , something she rejected last month when she demanded a trial by jury . At the time , defense attorney Shawn Holley said she "  has a strong defense and we are confident that a jury will listen to the evidence fairly and acquit her . " Sautner was unimpressed with the defense presented at Friday 's preliminary hearing . It centered on Holley arguing that Lohan was "  doing a million different things , " including texting , when she walked out of the jewelry store with the gold and diamond necklace she had tried on 20 minutes earlier . Lohan was "  more scattered than crafty , " Holley told the judge . The RidicuList : Lindsay Lohan "  It 's undisputed that Ms. Lohan walked out of the store with the necklace on , " Holley said . The prosecution must show she had "  specific intent to permanently deprive the store of that necklace . " Holley conceded that Lohan "  did not rush to return the necklace , " but she said it just "  makes her not a very considerate or courteous person , " but not a thief . Sautner did not buy the defense argument . "  If in fact it was an accident , she could have called the store back , " Sautner said . Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney Danette Meyers called it a "  classic garden variety theft . " There was no mention Friday of the defense theory floated before the hearing that Lohan believed the store owner was loaning the necklace to her because she was a celebrity . Lohan 's Friday ended with her posing for her fifth mugshot at Los Angeles County 's Lynwood Correctional Facility , where she 's been several times before . She was out after five hours when she posted the $ 75,000 bond set by Sautner . She can stay out of jail while Holley appeals the probation violation decision , but Sautner ordered her to immediately begin the community service work at the women 's center .	Lohan must start work at Los Angeles ' Downtown Women 's Center Her community service also includes several weeks at the morgue The actress stays out of jail while her lawyer appeals the 120-day sentence Lohan still faces trial for the necklace theft in June
CNN  -- Hundreds of homes have been destroyed or damaged by dozens of major bush fires raging in eastern Australia , fire officials said . And they fear that it could get much worse . At least 56 unrelenting blazes have scorched more than 109,000 hectares  269,000 acres  , said Matt Sun , spokesman for the New South Wales Rural Fire Service . Twelve of the fires are out of control , officials said . "  We 're coming out of a very dry winter , we have n't had a lot of rain for many months , " said Joel Kursawe , another fire service spokesman . "  That 's what obviously very concerning for us because we are still only in spring and we are seeing fires like this with so much destruction . " Among those still facing severe threats are Springwood and Winmalee in the Blue Mountains region , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Sydney . Alex Chesser , a spokesman for the Rural Fire Service , said there is the potential for three fires in that region to join , posing potential hazards to thousands of residents in nearby suburbs . Volunteer firefighter Michael Green , who made a harrowing drive through the fire lines to his home in the mountain town of Dargan , said he and his wife could feel the intense heat through their windows . The fire had passed , but burned trees were still glowing red and the hot spots "  were still quite severe , " he said . "  It was a bit risky , but I had to get home to see if the house was all right , and the dog , " Green said . They were . "  It 's just a lucky wind change , " said Green , who shot video of his dash through the burned-out countryside on Thursday . "  The winds were blowing right up , and at the last minute , they changed into a southerly , which took it away from the actual house . " Dozens of firefighters were battling the Linksview Road fire in Springwood early Monday . Conditions are predicted to deteriorate over the next few days , the state fire service said , and blazes might prompt road closures . Under such conditions , fires can be difficult to control , the service said . Embers may be blown ahead , creating spot fires . "  We 'll be watching the weather closely over the next three days , " Chesser said . The Springwood fire destroyed at least 193 homes and damaged another 109 , officials said . In the Mount Victoria fire , seven homes have been destroyed and one damaged . Both fires were sparked by power lines that had been buffeted by strong winds . Causes of the other fires are unclear , preliminary investigations showed . Officials are looking into whether a blaze near Lithgow was caused by a military training exercise . Winmalee also felt the scorching impact . Anatomy of a bush fire : How Australia 's explosive forest fires work "  The house survived ; the shed did n't . This all is just a pile of sticks in the air with a roof on it , " resident Joe Mercieca told CNN affiliate Seven Network , pointing to the devastated aftermath . "  At the end of the day , we hope we have buildings standing . But if we do n't have buildings standing , we do n't want bodies in them , " cautioned New South Wales Police Assistant Commissioner Alan Clarke , who commands the major events and incidents group . A total fire ban is in place for the Greater Sydney region until further notice , officials said , meaning no fire may be lit in the open , and all fire permits are suspended . Alison Burke Griffiths , who lives in west suburban Sydney , sent a photo to CNN iReport that showed the late-afternoon sky aglow with a thick orange and gray smog . "  We 're from New York originally and have only lived in Australia for two years , so no , we 've yet to see something like this , " Griffiths told iReport . Officials said heavy smoke across Sydney and much of the state is still likely . "  These conditions that we are looking at are a whole new ballgame and in a league of their own , " said the commissioner of rural fire services , Shane Fitzsimmons . "  The predictive charts indicate that there will be a significant impact on populated areas should all these forecasts materialize . " The situation is so bad that New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell declared a state of emergency for the state , which includes Sydney . The declaration gives firefighters special authority as conditions worsen . "  These powers include the right to order the public to leave or to enter an area , the right to shore up or demolish a building , and of course it also prevents people from disobeying an order given under these powers , " O'Farrell said Sunday . At least one death has been reported . A 63-year-old man died of a suspected heart attack Friday while defending his home against a blaze on the New South Wales Central Coast , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported . Walter Lindner collapsed while working alongside his neighbor to save his heritage-listed homestead , according to ABC . About 1,300 firefighters , including more than 120 from the neighboring state of Victoria , were tackling the blazes Sunday evening . Firefighting forces from the Australian Capital Territory , a self-governing body surrounded by New South Wales , were also deployed to the Blue Mountains . Forecasters are calling for hot , dry and windy conditions over the next few days , Seven Network reported . CNN meteorologist Tom Sater said a front may slowly bring much-needed rain to some areas beginning Tuesday , but heavy winds might complicate firefighting efforts . CNN 's Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	Total burn ban in place across Sydney region At least 200 homes have been destroyed by just two fires 12 of the 56 fires burning Sunday are not contained , a rural fire service says More than 109,000 hectares  269,000 acres  of land has been burned
CNN  -- Political groups and campaigns hoping to sway voters on the health care issue have spent about $ 70 million on health-themed TV ads since January 2011 , according to a CNN analysis of ad spending data . What the health care ruling means to you The U.S. Supreme Court is expected to rule Thursday on the constitutionality of President Barack Obama 's signature legislation , the Affordable Care Act . According to the data , which is tracked by Kantar Media/Campaign Media Analysis Group , one of the groups that spent the most is AARP , which funneled about $ 10.3 million into ads in favor of the law . Ariel Gonzalez , director of health and family advocacy at AARP , says the group remains supportive of the legislation -- which was signed into law in March 2010 -- because it is hugely beneficial to his organization 's members . Timeline of the health care law "  We lobbied for its passage and we continue to comment on the regulations and implementation , " Gonzalez said . "  The law does outstanding things for seniors and for our younger members . We are excited about the closure of the Medicare doughnut hole coverage gap with medications . We are excited about free preventive services and wellness benefits and the provision that eliminates the pre-existing conditions barrier and high premiums , and it has ended a good deal of fraud that had happened within the system . " But AARP 's pro-reform ads were largely an exception , the data shows . Most groups ' health care ads were soundly opposed to the law . Karl Rove 's conservative Crossroads Grassroots Policy Strategies spent the most among all groups and campaigns -- $ 14.98 million -- on ads that ran 22,004 times . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce bought the second highest number of spots , spending more than $ 8.3 million to run ads against the legislation more than 13,000 times . The 60 Plus Association , which characterizes itself as the conservative alternative to AARP , spent $ 1.6 million on 2,861 spots . Jonathan Collegio , spokesman for Crossroads GPS , said their ads are designed told hold candidates who supported the law "  accountable for their vote . " "  Our goal with the ads is to create an environment where repealing the legislation or replacing it with more free-market principals is possible , " he said . Basics : Health care reform issues "  And frankly the president has a huge soapbox by which he can promote what he says are the benefits of this legislation , and the only way the opposition can push back is through ads . " Blair Latoff , senior director of communications for the U.S. Chamber , says her organization 's effort is focused on electing a pro-business Congress . "  We 've engaged earlier and more aggressively than ever in our 100-year history , " she told CNN in an e-mail . Latoff characterized the ads as part of the chamber 's "  unprecedented voter education efforts to highlight candidates ' positions on issues critical to the American recovery , " including the health care law and other "  job-killing regulations . " "  This is a multi-dimensional process that is not focused on Republicans vs. Democrats , but lawmakers who support free enterprise vs. those who instead choose big government , " she said . Among the candidates , Obama 's campaign spent $ 3.46 million on 8,211 spots , and presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney spent $ 3.8 million on 7,181 spots . Priorities USA Action , the independent super PAC supporting Obama 's reelection bid , spent $ 2.57 million on 5,193 spots . Restore our Future , the independent super PAC supporting Romney , spent $ 1.36 million on 3,589 spots . Read the ruling  . PDF Among Senate and House candidates , Jon Bruning -- the conservative Republican who hopes to fill the seat being vacated by retiring Nebraska Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson -- spent about $ 500,000 on some 2,200 health care-themed spots . His ad asks , "  Why am I leading the fight to stop President Obama 's health care law ? Just look at the unconstitutional power grab of a federal mandate that forces you to buy certain kinds of insurance . " Nelson 's was the 60th and final vote needed to block a Republican filibuster against the health care bill , which passed in the Senate largely along party lines in December 2009 . Drew Westen , an Emory University psychology professor who wrote "  The Political Brain , " said the ad debate is about much more than health care . "  If I were a Republican candidate I would fill the airwaves with attack ads against Obamacare , just like they are doing , because this is one of the weakest links for this administration , " Westen said . "  This was probably one of the most poorly managed messaging campaigns from a president in American history , " he said . "  Here was his signature issue in the first term that was supposed to be his strength , but his administration did a bad job selling it , and even those who benefit from the legislation do n't realize they do because the Obama administration never explained it well . " Westen says much of the problem was the way the Affordable Care Act was constructed . The provision that would matter most to people , he says , wo n't kick in until 2014 -- when 30 million people would be able to get health care without being denied insurance due to pre-existing conditions . The delay in implementing that provision , Westen says , let conservative groups run ads against the law before Americans experienced its benefits . "  The Obama administration had this extremely na  ve idea that a good idea would sell itself , and that it was a waste of time to talk to the American people , " Westen said . "  Instead , they let the right dominate the airwaves about this debate . When the administration finally started to fight back right before the midterm elections in 2010 , it was too late . It just looked like sour grapes . " No matter what decision the U.S. Supreme Court reaches on the legislation , he says , expect to see more ads on health care in the future . By the numbers : Health insurance	PACs , campaigns have spent about $ 70 million on health care ads since January 2011 AARP among the groups that spent the most : $ 10.3 million on ads supporting the new law Most money went to ads opposed to the law , a CNN data analysis showed Conservative Crossroads Grassroots Policy Strategies spent the most : $ 14.9 million
Khartoum , Sudan -- A YouTube video of Sudanese police officers laughing as they publicly flogged a pleading , fleeing woman has sparked outrage , prompting dozens of demonstrators to protest Tuesday outside the Justice Ministry in downtown Khartoum , authorities said . The demonstrators belonged to the Women Initiative Against Violence , and 52 of them -- 46 women and six men -- were arrested for unlawful assembly , the Khartoum State Police Force said in a statement . All 52 persons were released under bail , police said . The two-minute video has caused an uproar in Sudan , and columnists in pro-government newspapers have called for an immediate investigation . Much criticism focuses on how the flogging was carried out . The footage shows an unidentified woman in a head scarf and black abaya , or Islamic robe , and she 's ordered in Arabic to sit down in a parking lot and take her punishment so that the officers "  can go home . " The flogging is initially to her back , in keeping with the Sharia code , or Islamic law , governing flogging , but when she turns to ask for mercy , the whipping continues to the front part of her body , including her face , hands and legs . A shocked passerby can be heard exclaiming , "  There is no authority but God 's " after witnessing the woman 's punishment . One of the officers responds : "  This is a fundamental principle . Let him whip her . " At another point , an officer laughs when he realizes he is being filmed and asks the person behind the camera to film spectators whom he says are laughing with him . That officer then joins the flogging , and the woman is whipped by the two male officers . Sudan 's deputy police chief , Adel Al-Agib , initially attempted to downplay the incident and told the government 's official news agency that the video was circulated to "  damage the image of the country . " In a recent meeting organized by the Sudanese Journalism and Publications Council , Al-Agib said the video was recorded in July 2009 , but was recently released "  to coincide with International Human Rights Day in order to bring on more international pressure on the country , " he said . On late Sunday , Sudan 's Judiciary Authority , which oversees the legal system , announced it had launched an inquiry to see if the punishment had been administered improperly . The authority said nothing about the punishment itself . The judiciary authority said it would investigate the manner in which the "  execution of a punishment went against legally established guidelines according to criminal publications . " "  The investigation was started immediately after the images of the young woman , being punished under Articles 154 and 155 of the 1991 Sudanese penal code , appeared on the internet , " the judiciary said in the statement . Article 154 deals with the "  practice of prostitution , " and Article 155 deals with the "  management of a place of prostitution . " Details of the woman 's purported offenses have not been released by authorities . Local news accounts have reported that the flogging took place in Omdurman , Khartoum 's twin city across the river , at the Kajabab Police Station , which is in a poor neighborhood notorious for brothels and the illegal sale of the local moonshine "  aragi . " Flogging is common in northern Sudan , where Islamic law is often enforced arbitrarily under the Public Order Act . Police and "  public order units " have powers to enforce what is inappropriate dress or behavior . Local human rights organizations have long accused police of abusing their authority to mistreat women . Last year , Lubna Hussein , a former journalist turned United Nations employee , was arrested with a dozen other women for wearing trousers . Lubna was found guilty but was fined rather than whipped . Her case garnered international attention . The Public Order Act also applies to men . Last week a Khartoum court convicted seven men of indecency after they wore make-up while appearing at the "  Sudanese Next Top Model fashion show . " The men were fined 200 Sudanese pounds , or $ 60 , each . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	A YouTube video depicts police officers laughing as they flog a crying woman The video causes an uproar in Sudan and leads to a government investigation Much of the criticism in Sudan , however , focuses on how the flogging was administered
CNN  -- If you plan a stroll along the lanes of the Iowa State Fair , you 'll be able to see the usual Butter Cow , the famous Double Ferris Wheel and have more than "  60 delectable items on a stick " from 200-plus food vendors . You might even take a selfie with "  God Bless America , " a 25-foot traveling sculpture depicting Grant Wood 's famous "  American Gothic . " But because of a restrictive ruling from a federal judge on Tuesday , one thing you wo n't see is Jason Powell on the sidewalk bordering the fairgrounds . On August 15 and 16 of last year , Powell was ejected from a public sidewalk surrounding the fairgrounds as he tried to preach to attendees while holding up a sign proclaiming the Gospel . Powell filed a lawsuit in June of this year , in which he claimed his First and 14th Amendment rights were violated . He says officers removed him from a public sidewalk outside the fairgrounds while he "  expressed his Christian beliefs . " It 's a sidewalk even the defendants admitted was public . In the lawsuit , Powell said officers and troopers with batons and handcuffs surrounded him , demanding that he leave the spot outside a ticket gate . Powell said he chose the spot to make sure his message reached as many people as possible . Powell said he did not solicit money , harass anyone or encourage membership to any organization . He only wanted people to hear and see his message . Powell 's attorney is Nate Kellum , president of the Center for Religious Expression . In an e-mail to CNN , Kellum said , "  Jason only represents himself and his understanding of Christianity . He tries not to focus on denominational issues . He does not receive support from any group . " Powell was issued an ejection notice and was told not to return for the remainder of the fair . Powell said the message he received from authorities at the fair was clear : Powell and his preaching were not welcome at the fair or on the sidewalks surrounding the "  greatest state fair in our fair state " of Iowa . "  Jason was shocked and dismayed , " Kellum said . "  He was doing what he believes he is obliged to do according to his faith and has a fundamental right to do according to U.S. Constitution . Being escorted away and told to never come back was demeaning . " After Powell received no response to a December 2013 letter asking the commissioner of the Iowa State Patrol and the state 's attorney general for assurance that he be allowed to return to the public sidewalks outside the fairgrounds , he filed the federal lawsuit . Judge Robert W. Pratt for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Iowa ruled that Powell can return only to two areas away from the main gate -- where Kellum said Powell 's message wo n't reach anyone . "  We 're disappointed and believe the court got it wrong . As it stands , Mr. Powell has no discernible relief , " Kellum said . "  The only places where he can go on the fairgrounds and share his message are the two spots mentioned by fair officials where there is absolutely no foot traffic . The right to speak encompasses a corresponding right to be heard , and Mr. Powell is being deprived of that fundamental right . " Assistant Attorney General David Dorff said Tuesday , "  We are pleased that the court recognized the importance of maintaining the safety of people traveling into , out of and around the fair . We look forward to a fun , safe and well-attended fair . "	Jason Powell was ejected from Iowa State Fair for preaching on public sidewalk Lawsuit claimed Powell 's First and 14th Amendment rights were violated If Powell returns to the fair , he must stay in one of two spots away from main gate
Since 2009 the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  has mandated that Plan B and other emergency contraceptives be available without a prescription to women age 17 and up . In reality , a new study suggests , a 17-year-old 's access to these drugs can be uncertain . In the study , two female research assistants at Boston University called every commercial pharmacy in five major cities and asked whether emergency contraception was available to them that day . If the answer was yes , they followed up with the question "  If I 'm 17 , is that okay ? " At that point , 19 % of the pharmacy workers told the young women that contraception would not be available to them . When researchers posing as doctors called the same pharmacies on behalf of a  fictional  17-year-old patient , however , just 3 % of pharmacies said the drugs were n't available . Pharmacies , moreover , incorrectly reported the age guidelines for over-the-counter access to 43 % of the "  girls " and 39 % of the "  doctors , " according to the study , which appears in the April issue of the journal Pediatrics . Health.com : 12 types of birth control : what are the options ? Misinformation of this sort could lead to unintended pregnancies , the researchers say . "  It 's important that adolescents get the correct information the first time , " says Tracey Wilkinson , M.D. , the lead author of the study and a professor of pediatrics at Boston University . "  This highlights some of the barriers that adolescents face when accessing emergency contraception . " Two emergency contraceptives , both of which contain the hormone levonorgestrel , are approved for over-the-counter use and are stocked behind pharmacy counters : Plan B  including the single-pill version known as Plan B One-Step  , and a so-called branded generic known as Next Choice . Timely access to these drugs is important , Wilkinson and her colleagues say , since they 're most effective in the 24 hours following unprotected sex or a contraception failure . The odds of getting pregnant rise by about 50 % every 12 hours after the event , according to the study . Health.com : What to do if the condom breaks The study included every pharmacy -- nearly 950 in all -- in Austin , Texas ; Cleveland ; Nashville , Tennessee ; Philadelphia ; and Portland , Oregon . Researchers contacted each pharmacy twice , once in the role of the teenager and once in the role of the doctor . To better disguise their identity , they spaced the calls at least two weeks apart and used cell phones programmed with each city 's area code . In roughly 20 % of the phone calls , pharmacy workers reported that emergency contraception was not available for any caller or patient , regardless of age . Some of those pharmacies -- about one-third -- suggested another nearby pharmacy or offered to order the pills , but the average wait time was 45 hours . The faulty information about age recorded in some of the other calls might be due to a combination of "  confusion , misinformation , and maybe personal beliefs , " Wilkinson says , although she and her colleagues stress that the study is silent on this matter . A pharmacy 's location and whether or not it was part of a chain did not appear to play a role . As for the differences in the responses given to doctors versus teenagers , Wilkinson says it could be that physicians are more likely to be transferred to higher-ranking pharmacy employees -- pharmacists rather than pharmacy technicians , say . Similarly , the study notes that teenagers were twice as likely as doctors to be put on hold . Health.com : What your teenager needs to know about sex Experts not involved in the study say that several factors -- unintentional or otherwise -- could be responsible for the misinformation . "  There were probably some people who had some personal objections about -LSB- emergency contraception -RSB- and did n't want to deal with it , and some were not educated about the laws and facts , " says Christopher Estes , M.D. , an assistant professor of ob-gyn at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine . Jean Amoura , M.D. , an associate professor of ob-gyn at the University of Nebraska Medical Center , in Omaha , has studied access to emergency contraception in Nebraska pharmacies and says barriers to access are often logistical . Rural pharmacies , for instance , may not stock the pill simply because too few people ask for it . Amoura has encountered ideological objections as well , however . Although Plan B and Next Choice are believed to work by preventing ovulation , like daily birth control pills , and "  will not interrupt an established pregnancy , " Amoura says , some people view taking the drugs as tantamount to abortion . The "  misunderstanding among the public , pharmacists , and doctors about this being an abortion pill " is an "  ongoing dilemma , " Amoura says . Health.com : Common birth control side effects The FDA lowered the age threshold for over-the-counter access to emergency contraception from 18 to 17 in 2009 , following a federal court order . Girls age 16 and under still require a prescription from a doctor . In 2011 , the FDA recommended the removal of all age restrictions on Plan B One-Step , but in a controversial move , the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services , Kathleen Sebelius , overruled the agency . Deborah Nucatola , M.D. , senior director of medical services at Planned Parenthood , which provides reproductive health services -- including emergency contraception -- at more than 800 health centers around the country , says easing restrictions on emergency contraception may help address the uneven access seen in Wilkinson 's study . "  It 's unclear if the pharmacy workers who provided incorrect information to the study callers were simply unfamiliar with the law , but one of the unfortunate results of the age restriction is that it requires drugstores to keep emergency contraception behind pharmacy counters , " Nucatola said in a prepared statement . "  As the research shows , that restriction creates access barriers for women of all ages and these barriers can in turn result in preventable unintended pregnancies . "	The odds of getting pregnant rise by about 50 % every 12 hours after unprotected sex Study : Teenagers were twice as likely as doctors to be put on hold The FDA lowered the age from 18 to 17 in 2009 for emergency contraception access
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Armed militants on motorcycles in southwest Pakistan ambushed and set ablaze a convoy of tankers contracted to NATO forces in Afghanistan on Sunday night , police said . The gunmen opened fire after forcing the convoy of eight oil tankers to stop in an area 90 kilometers  55 miles  southwest of Quetta , the capital of Balochistan province , police official Abdul Qadir said . The militants killed one of the truck 's drivers and set the tankers on fire before they escaped , Qadir said . Fuel and supply trucks contracted to supply NATO have been left stranded in Pakistan by Islamabad 's decision to block its two NATO supply routes to Afghanistan . Pakistan closed the routes to protest a NATO airstrike that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers last month . The airstrike plunged Islamabad and Washington into one of their worst diplomatic crises ever . In a television interview on Sunday , Pakistan 's Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said the blockade of Pakistan 's NATO supply routes could continue for weeks until "  new rules of engagement " were established with Washington . The blockade leaves stranded supply trucks vulnerable to militants in Pakistan who have increasingly targeted the convoys in an effort to undermine the NATO mission in Afghanistan . Sunday 's attack was the second of its kind in four days . On Thursday , militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons attacked and destroyed more than 20 NATO-bound oil tankers just outside Quetta . Roughly 40 % of supplies for NATO operations in Afghanistan traveled through Pakistan before the supply routes were shut down .	Gunmen on motorcycles force the convoy to stop and then open fire At least one driver is killed , police say Pakistan closed NATO supply routes into Afghanistan after an airstrike killed Pakistanis The airstrike prompted a diplomatic crisis between Pakistan and the United States
Yemen 's parliament approved a controversial law Saturday that ensures President Ali Abdullah Saleh complete immunity from prosecution . The law was delayed for weeks as Saleh insisted on specific changes guaranteeing his aides partial protection from legal actions . In return , Saleh will step down from power in Yemen next month after ruling the country for more than 33 years . Yemeni Information Minister Ali al-Amrani said the law was the best option for the country and that people can now look forward for change and development . "  The law was a pivotal point of debate , and now we are looking forward to February 21  when  a president would lead the country , " al-Amrani said . "  Many changes took place in the law to make it accepted by all factions , but in the end , the efforts were worth it , " he added . During the same session , the parliament also accepted Vice President Abdurabu Hadi 's nomination for presidency . The vice president 's office hailed the move and called it a success after long negotiations over the past week . The immunity law was always linked with parliament accepting Hadi 's nomination for president . Saleh supporters refuse to pass Hadi 's nomination until the immunity law passed . The immunity law was a key element in a Gulf Cooperation Council power transfer deal . Since the president signed the power transfer deal in November , tens of thousands of young activists have marched in provinces across Yemen . They have vowed to have Saleh tried for the deaths of hundreds of unarmed protesters . The United Nations ' envoy to Yemen , Jamal Benomar , arrived in the country last week to ease the tension after fears grew that the deal would collapse . Though the deal was hailed by opposition parties in Yemen , youth protesters and international rights groups called the immunity a violation of international law . Youth protesters continued marching on Saturday , rejecting any immunity for Saleh or those who served under him over the last three decades . Protests took place in 13 provinces across Yemen , according to the Revolution Youth Organizing Committee . The largest protests took place in Sanaa , where many continued pushing for Saleh 's prosecution . "  He killed many , and now the opposition wants to forgive him , " said Salma al-Nusari , a youth activist in Sanaa . Blood that Saleh spilt will not be forgiven , and we will continue demanding his prosecution until our demands are met . " Presidential elections are expected to take place February 21 .	Protests take place in 13 provinces Saturday , an organizing committee says Demonstrator : Saleh "  killed many , and now the opposition wants to forgive him " Ali Abdullah Saleh will step down from power in exchange for immunity Yemen 's parliament also accepts Vice President Hadi 's presidential nomination
CNN  -- Federal officials announced indictments Tuesday against four police officers and two supervisors in the investigation surrounding the post-Katrina deaths of civilians on New Orleans ' Danziger Bridge . At least three New Orleans police officers were in FBI custody Tuesday afternoon , an attorney for one of them confirmed . Kenneth Bowen , Anthony Villavaso and Robert Gisevius surrendered to authorities . Announcement of the charges stemming from a federal civil rights investigation was made by Attorney General Eric Holder in New Orleans . "  Put simply , we will not tolerate wrongdoing by those who have sworn to protect the public , " Holder told reporters . Holder promised the Justice Department will help restore the troubled New Orleans police department . "  Today marks an important step forward in administering justice , in healing community wounds , in improving public safety and in restoring public trust in this city 's police department , " Holder said . He was joined by the Justice Department 's civil rights chief , Thomas E. Perez , and U.S. Attorney Jim Letten , the top federal prosecutor in New Orleans . The shootings occurred at the bridge on September 4 , 2005 , six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast . The indictment allegesthat two separate shootings at the bridge resulted in the deaths of a teenager and a 40-year-old disabled man . The indictment contends four officers -- Bowen , Gisevius , Robert Faulcon and Villavaso -- opened fire , killing 19-year-old James Brissette . Minutes later , Faulcon allegedly shot and killed 40-year-old Ronald Madison . The indictment says the officers violated the victims ' civil rights . The indictment says police supervisors Arthur Kaufman and Gerard Dugue helped the other officers to obstruct justice during the subsequent investigations . An earlier investigation launched by the local district attorney resulted in charges but no convictions . Federal prosecutors then moved in and launched a new investigation which led to the newly announced charges . Letten said the federal case took so long because prosecutors waited for the local investigation to conclude , so as not to interfere or duplicate that probe . Although the charges announced Tuesday carry a maximum sentence of the death penalty , Letten played down that likelihood , saying an extended process will eventually be followed and any final decision on seeking the death penalty would be made by Holder . Attorney Frank DeSalvo , who represents Bowen , said of the indictment , "  We expected it and are ready to deal with it . " The two shootings occurred on opposite sides of the bridge . In the first shooting , on the east side of the bridge , one person -- later identified as Brissette -- was killed and four people were wounded , prosecutors have said . In the second shooting , on the bridge 's west side , Madison , a severely disabled man , was killed . Madison 's brother was arrested but later released without indictment , authorities said . A witness to the shooting of Madison told CNN in 2006 that New Orleans police lined up "  like at a firing range " and fatally shot the man in the back as he fled from them in the days after Hurricane Katrina swept ashore . "  He just fell like he was collapsing , " Kasimir Gaston told CNN . "  Like something just wiped him out . " Gaston was one of many flood refugees living on the second floor of the Friendly Inn , a low-income motel on the city 's east side . He said on Sunday , September 4 , 2005 , he woke up and stepped onto the balcony of the motel and saw a man running , hands outstretched and being fired upon . Initial police accounts said that Madison , 40 , reached for his waistband and turned on police , but Gaston said Madison did not appear to have a weapon and that he was running away from police "  hands out , full speed " when he was shot . Police declined CNN 's request for an interview in response to Gaston 's remarks . After the shooting , police said officers had responded to reported gunshots on the Danziger Bridge and that a running gunbattle ensued with six suspects . A police department press release from October 4 , 2005 , said Madison , described as an unidentified gunman , was "  confronted by a New Orleans Police officer . The suspect reached into his waist and turned toward the officer who fired one shot , fatally wounding him . " When asked if Madison had a gun , Gaston said , "  I did n't see any on him . " No gun was found on Madison 's body . An autopsy report obtained previously by CNN and verified by the Orleans Parish Coroner said Madison suffered five gunshot wounds to his back and two in his shoulder . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Four officers and two supervisors will face charges in post-Katrina shootings Other officers previously pleaded guilty to an alleged cover-up Police maintained they had fired in self-defense
CNN  -- Scott Simon , for lack of a better phrase , was live-tweeting his mother 's final days . In carefully worded posts , Simon , who has spent years artfully telling stories as host of "  Weekend Edition Saturday " on National Public Radio , shared these most intimate moments with strangers and friends alike . On Twitter , his million-plus followers are generally treated to news updates intermingled with the detailed movements of his and his family 's lives . Simon is something of an open book ; photos of him as a child on Santa 's lap and of his parents and his children fill his website . When Simon and his wife adopted their daughter in 2004 , he shared it with the world in a recorded essay for NPR . His instantly recognizable voice describes how he and his wife held their daughter in their laps as they sat in a hotel overlooking China 's Pearl River . "  My wife and I were happy before we met our child , but now we feel we 're just beginning to grasp the hugeness of happiness that 's possible , " he said . Coming to terms with the death of his mother , Patricia Lyons Simon , seems another kind of hugeness , if only as seen through his updates . Lyons Simon died early Monday evening . Secrets spilled in life 's final minutes On July 19 , he mentions her a couple of times but also posts a smiling photo of himself and family out at dinner . Fast forward to July 26 , and his updates are posted almost exclusively from inside the hospital 's walls -- observations of his mother 's behaviors and his attempts at negotiating the tight-knit hospital community . By Sunday , the only updates are tender descriptions of their interactions . The lens focuses on just the two of them , and Monday we are given access to the final goodbye between a mother and her son . A few comments left on the New York Magazine website under a story about Simon 's updates before he confirmed his mother 's death , were critical . "  Everyone suffers loss . Everyone , " wrote commenter MIHAIBRESTYAN . "  That 's no excuse for begging for attention and acting pathetic . " "  What 's with the tweet when he said he was holding his mother 's hand , " commenter BARTLEBY posted . "  I imagined him by his mother 's bedside doing just that ... and typing in his tweet with his other hand . It 's his way of dealing , but in my experience , sometimes you 're more in the moment if you just put your mobile device away . " On the blog Millers Time , the author makes an observation that sums up much of the social media reaction : "  I am drawn to this for two reasons : I believe Scott Simon is doing a service to us all , opening a window into a life event that many of us have or will experience . In his willingness to share what he is experiencing , in his wonderfully honest and sincere way , he hopefully opens a dialogue families can have prior to such an end of life experience , " the author , who identifies himself as "  Richard " says . "  We do not talk enough , I believe , with each other and with our parents about the end of life , especially when there is still time to discuss some of the issues involved . Thank you Scott Simon for doing what you 're doing now , " he says . Posts included below are in chronological order from oldest to newest , starting Friday , July 26 . For readers unable to see the Storify below , click here . .	NEW : The mother of NPR host Scott Simon passed away on Monday Simon has been tweeting from Patricia Lyons Simon 's hospital room Reaction has been mostly positive with some dissenters disagreeing with the medium Simon 's posts offer an intimate look into mother-son relationship and a new use of the media
It 's the building block for most of the world 's technology , from websites to apps that we use everyday . We 're talking about code : an integral part of our lives , but something that most people have no idea about the workings of . Smart Business meets Kathryn Parsons , co-founder of Decoded -- a company that teaches people how to code in just one day . CNN : What spurred you on to launch Decoded ? Kathryn Parsons : We started the company with a very simple but challenging mission : could you teach anyone and everyone to code in a single day ? Taking someone from zero skills , zero knowledge and zero confidence to these words that we use all the time -- digital enlightenment . CNN : Why is it so important for people to learn to code ? KP : Code is the building block of the world around us today . Technology is transforming every single industry all our lives are being rapidly affected by the pace of technological change -- it 's the languages of billions now . But how many of us can say that we truly feel confident or empowered by the technologies behind the screen ? We all should be understanding and feel confident of those technologies , whether you want to become a programmer and developer or you simply want to lead a business that 's being transformed by technology . CNN : Decoded has taught more than 2,000 different businesses how to code . What does the program entail ? KP : When somebody comes to a Decoded course , they are asked to do no pre-work ; nothing . Everything is prepared for you , usually in a wonderful space because we believe that space is conducive to good learning . We explain the history of how this world evolved , explain all the characters and individuals who created the technologies around us , and then we get you right to the computer . We want to get you coding as soon as possible . Essentially , you build an app in a single day using languages including javascript and HTML , and you get to think like a developer , think like a computer and break down problems . We set you a brief , and ultimately , you solve that problem . CNN : Are there lost causes when it comes to spreading digital enlightenment ? KP : The only lost cause when it comes to teaching coding to someone who thinks : "  I 'm driving the car : why do i need to understand what 's under the bonnet ? " That 's something that I used to hear quite a while ago and it does tend to be , if they 're asking that question or saying that it probably means that they 're leading a business . If you 're leading a business at the moment , the one thing that is erratically changing your business right now is technology : in terms of skills , in terms of your consumers , in terms of the marketplace that you exist in . It 's not so much that i wash my hands of those people , i just worry about the future and where they might be in three years ' time . CNN : What is Decoded 's biggest challenge ? KP : It 's how can you actually condense six months , a year -- even twenty years of knowledge into a very short period of time . But we kind of relish that challenge , and it 's always a barometer for us . And the great thing about technology is that when you understand it and feel empowered by it , anything is possible .	Decoded teaches people how to code in just one day The company has hubs in London , New York and Sydney , and has taught businesses from Unilever to the BBC Co-founder Kathryn Parsons believes that code is the building block of today 's world
CNN  Lindsey Vonn may have missed out on gold at last month 's world championships , but the American skier has set her sights on end-of-season glory after claiming a record-extending 65th World Cup win on Sunday . Vonn 's victory in the super-G event at Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Germany gave her the outright lead in the speed discipline ahead of this month 's finals in France . Having finished seventh in Saturday 's downhill , the 30-year-old rebounded by coming home 0.2 seconds ahead of overall World Cup leader Tina Maze , whose coach set up the course . It put Vonn eight points ahead of super-G world champion Anna Fenninger , who placed third to give back the 20 points she 'd earned over Maze the day before -- when their positions were reversed . "  I think it was set probably against Anna , " said Vonn , who took bronze behind Maze at last month 's world championships in Colorado . "  That was a wise choice by Tina 's coach . But it also really suited me and I liked it . " "  It 's going to be a close fight in downhill and super-G , so I will really have to ski my best at the finals in Meribel . Hopefully I can get two titles , " added Vonn , who is 35 points ahead of Fenninger in the downhill standings . But Vonn is well off the pace in the fight for the overall crown -- which she last won in 2012 , her fourth success -- in third place almost 200 points behind the Austrian . Maze is another 44 points ahead of Fenninger , with just two slalom events in Sweden next week before the March 16-22 finale . "  Of course it 's a great result but I prefer to win , " the Slovenian said . "  Lindsey was simply better today and she deserves this win . "  My whole team stands behind me and supports me and I am really thankful to them . Valerio did a great job setting the course . It was a fast and nice course set with not too many turns . " Fenninger , who also won the world giant slalom title at Beaver Creek , said she will focus on her strengths after claiming a 12th podium this season . "  It was a fast super-G and that 's maybe not what I am the best at , " said the 25-year-old . "  Overall it 's been a good weekend . Honestly I thought Tina was going to be better than me in the downhill and that I would catch up in the super-G . It turned out to be different . "  I am focusing on my strengths , this is why I am not going to race slalom next week . Now I have to train giant slalom in order to show my best skiing and maximize my chances to win the giant slalom globe . " Meanwhile , Kjetil Jansrud clinched the men 's Super-G title with victory on home snow in in Kvitfjell on Sunday . The Norwegian , who missed out on securing the downhill crystal globe when he finished seventh on Saturday , opened up an unassailable 123-point lead over Italian Dominik Paris . "  This is the first globe of my career , " said the 29-year-old . "  It 's good to not have to go into the final weekend feeling like there are two guys pushing me on the cup and I have to fend off both of them . That 's a big thing because I can leave the super-G and focus on the downhill . " Jansrud has a 20-point lead over Hannes Reichelt in the downhill , but is less confident of overhauling his 52-point deficit on another Austrian , three-time defending champion Marcel Hirscher , in the overall standings . The men next travel to Slovenia for slalom events next weekend . "  I think he will gain some extra points in Kranjska Gora , so I 'm not very concerned about the overall , " Jansrud said of Hirscher . "  I think he 'll pull through . But it might get exciting . He has no room for error and anything can happen . "	Lindsey Vonn notches the 65th World Cup win of her skiing career American has an eight-point lead in super-G discipline ahead of finals Vonn bounces back after Saturday disappointment in downhill Tina Maze and Anna Fenninger are battling for overall World Cup crown
At least one country will leave the eurozone in the next five years , according to a survey of central bank reserve managers who collectively control more than $ 8,000 bn . The results of the poll , conducted by UBS , highlight the concern among some of the world 's top central bank officials ahead of the Greek election this weekend that is widely seen as a pivotal moment for the future of the single currency . UBS surveyed more than 80 central bank reserve managers , sovereign wealth funds and multilateral institutions with more than $ 8,000 bn in assets at its annual seminar for sovereign institutions . The results were not weighted for assets under management . The central bankers and SWF managers said that a break-up of the eurozone was the greatest risk to the global economy over the next 12 months . Nearly three quarters of them said at least one country would leave the eurozone within five years . Of those , roughly a quarter said that more than one country would drop the euro . Their views stand in contrast to the attempts of some central banks to shore up confidence in the single currency . But they carry weight because the reserve managers hold significant influence over foreign exchange markets with their decisions about how to allocate their assets . The prospect of a eurozone break-up has unnerved investors of all types in recent months , triggering a sharp sell-off in European equities , a jump in the bond yields of peripheral eurozone governments and a slide in the value of the euro . The uncertainty over Greece 's future in the eurozone -- which is coming to a head with a crucial election this weekend -- has combined with a banking crisis in Spain to undermine investor confidence . That has already prompted some sovereigns to diversify away from the euro . The Swiss National Bank revealed last month that it had doubled its holdings of sterling in the first quarter of the year as it reduced its exposure to the euro . Analysts and traders say that other reserve managers have been doing the same thing . The reserve managers ' caution about the future of the euro was borne out in their forecasts . They predicted that by the end of the year the euro would be trading between $ 1.15 and $ 1.25 , compared to a level of around $ 1.26 on Thursday . A small minority said that the euro would no longer exist by the end of the year . In contrast , the central banks and SWF mangers were more bullish on the prospects for gold . They predicted that the precious metal , together with emerging market debt , would be the best performing asset class between now and the end of the year . The price of gold has stagnated so far this year , as investors have grown wary of its ability to act as a haven in times of crisis . On Thursday it was trading at $ 1,620.70 a troy ounce , up 3.5 per cent since the start of 2012 .	UBS survey : At least one country will leave the eurozone in the next five years Highlights concern among world 's top central bank officials ahead of the Greek election
CNN  -- J.J. Abrams has given "  Star Wars " fans something new to geek out about , and better yet , it 's for a good cause . As part of Star Wars : Force for Change , a charity campaign that supports UNICEF , the director has announced an enviable prize while coyly giving fans a glimpse of the X-wing starfighter in "  Star Wars : Episode VII . " Filmed on "  Episode VII 's " London set , Abrams revealed that fans who contribute to Force for Change 's charity drive can not only win a visit to the set and the chance to be in the movie , they will snag a private advance screening of the film . ` Star Wars ' cast gets two unknowns , takes break while Harrison Ford heals The Force for Change campaign , which is hosted by the Omaze fundraising site , has received participation from supporters in 119 countries since it kicked off in May . The money goes to support UNICEF 's Innovation Labs and programs , which work to find solutions to the problems faced by kids and families around the globe . Any contribution made to "  Star Wars : Force for Change " by Friday makes the participant eligible for prizes , including the granddaddy prize of a trip for two to the "  Star Wars " set . Harrison Ford broke leg in ` Star Wars ' set mishap Action on the production is expected to stall in coming weeks as returning "  Star Wars " star Harrison Ford recovers from a leg injury . The 72-year-old actor broke his leg in an on-set accident in June , and "  Star Wars : Episode VII " will take a two-week break in August as Ford heals . The movie , which has been staffing up with a number of little-known actors , is scheduled to bow on December 18 , 2015 .	J.J. Abrams has upped the ante in his Force for Change campaign Charity drive offers chance to win a private advance screening In his announcement , Abrams gave fans a look at an X-wing starfighter "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is slated to open in December 2015
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer has apologized for a massive e-mail outage last week , calling the days-long glitch "  unacceptable " and a "  massive inconvenience . " "  This has been a very frustrating week for our users and we are very sorry , " Mayer wrote Friday on Yahoo-owned Tumblr as the company was cleaning up the last of a problem that began December 9 for some users . The problem was a hardware outage in one of Yahoo 's storage centers . Mayer said it affected about 1 % of Yahoo e-mail 's users . While teams began working around the clock on the problem immediately , it was "  a particularly rare one " in which different users were affected in different ways . That caused it to take longer to fix , she said . Service was restored to more than 99 % of affected users by Saturday , although Yahoo 's engineers were still working on the problem Sunday . "  The engineering team has been working over the weekend and making steady progress on restoring access to messages for affected users . This includes folders as well as inbox state  like whether you 've read a message or starred it  , " said a post on Yahoo 's help page Sunday night . Mayer took the helm at Yahoo last year and has been credited with the first steps of what may be a turnaround for the troubled Web giant . She promised improvements to Yahoo 's e-mail service , which is the Web 's second - or third-most popular , depending upon which analysis you believe . "  Above all else , we 're going to be working hard on improvements to prevent issues like this in the future , " she wrote . "  While our overall uptime is well above 99.9 % , even accounting for this incident , we really let you down this week . "  We can , and we will , do better in the future . " Mayer made revamping e-mail a key part of her effort to kick-start Yahoo , but it 's been a rocky process . Announced in December 2012 , the first e-mail overhaul rolled out to all users  whether they wanted it or not  in June . So lukewarm was the reception that it got a largely cosmetic redesign again in October . The result ? More outrage . Yahoo e-mail has suffered from other limited outages since October , although none as bad as last week 's .	Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer admits , "  It 's been a very frustrating week " E-mail glitch affected 1 % of users , Yahoo says Mayer has made revamping e-mail a key part of her effort to kick-start Yahoo
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan government and rebel officials offered wildly disparate views of the situation on the ground Sunday , as gunfire and explosions continued to rock Tripoli not far from the home of embattled leader Moammar Gadhafi . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , the ruler 's son and a top official in his regime , insisted on Libyan state-run television that the rebels were losing every battle -- saying so hours after his father told supporters that the "  traitors " and their NATO allies were lying and nearing their end . This perspective , however , contrasted with reports from CNN reporters , witnesses and rebel officials that government forces continued to lose ground all around the North African nation and faced fresh attacks in the capital . Faithi Baja , political affairs chief for the rebel 's Transitional National Council , said early Sunday in a video statement that rebel fighters freshly launched operation inside Tripoli is "  going easily " and they are inching toward Gadhafi 's Bab al-Azizia compound . "  The revolution from inside Tripoli has officially started  Saturday  evening in many parts ... of Tripoli , and is expected to spread to all of Tripoli , " Jumma Ibrahim , a rebel spokesman from the western mountain region around Zintan , said hours earlier . Heavy clashes broke out Saturday night in at least one neighborhood in Tripoli , marked by intense gunfire , explosions and people screaming as they ran through the street , a resident told CNN . Gunfire and explosions have become normal occurrences in the capital , but CNN personnel on the ground for weeks report that the fighting appeared to be among the most intense yet . "  Most of the neighhoods in Tripoli are rising up , " Jumma Ibrahim said . But speaking just before midnight in Tripoli , government spokesman Musa Ibrahim insisted that all is safe and "  in excellent condition . " He said that the Libyan capital remains under government control , adding that the nearby highways remain open . He blamed small groups of "  armed gangs " -- a term that Gadhafi loyalists have frequently applied to rebels -- for the blasts and gunfire heard overnight Saturday inside Tripoli . He insisted that government forces had put down the fighters "  within half an hour , " making the statement at the same time gunfire continued to crackle intermittently around the capital . About two hours later , Moammar Gadhafi echoed his spokesman in claiming rebel officials were lying about the situation in Tripoli and beyond while predicting the six-month-long conflict would climax soon . In his audio address , broadcast on state-run TV , the Libyan leader blasted the rebel "  traitors " and the NATO forces backing them as unethical and intent on destroying the county and ruining lives . And as he had done in a speech six days earlier , he tried to rally citizens to his side . "  A great thing , anyway , that despite the Christian air raids , you continue to be up in Tripoli , " he said , an apparent reference to those who listened to his speech from Green Square . "  March forward , march forward , march forward . "  They have lost and used everything , and their last resort is their lying campaign . Now , this is the ending , " he added . The rebel spokesman , Jumma Ibrahim , claimed opposition fighters control the main intelligence operations building in Tripoli . He also said some Libyan army personnel had defected and joined the rebels in the vicinity of the capital 's airport , which he claimed the rebels were able to take over with their newfound support . Musa Ibrahim , the government spokesman , denied that the airport had switched hands -- insisting , as with the rest of Tripoli , it was safe and under the control of Gadhafi 's forces . CNN could not immediately confirm how significant the fighting was , including whether rebel fighters had taken control of any parts of the city , including the airport . Jumma Ibrahim , the rebel spokesman , said the clashes in Tripoli were "  planned by rebels inside Tripoli in the neighborhoods of Fashloum , Souq al-Juma , Ben Ashur ... and other places . " This came after coordination with other anti-Gadhafi elements , added Baja . Musa Ibrahim confirmed that armed men had entered those three neighborhoods in the capital , but said they were confronted and defeated in a matter of minutes . Hours earlier , Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim rejected rebel claims that the governments of Egypt , Morocco , Tunisia and Algeria have been asked to accept Gadhafi and his family . And Gadhafi , in his speech early Sunday morning , stated unequivocally that he is still in Libya . Officials from the United States and NATO , whose forces have launched scores of strikes on Gadhafi 's forces , also said they have no indication the Libyan leader is making preparations to leave . Whatever his next move , international pressure on Gadhafi appears to be growing . Tunisia -- Libya 's western neighbor that , until now , had been neutral in the conflict -- joined a host of other nations in recognizing the Transitional National Council as Libya 's legitimate government . A U.S. official said Friday that Gadhafi might be preparing for a "  last stand " in Tripoli as a months-long NATO air campaign continues amid reports of rebel advances . A second U.S. official said the longtime leader 's plan could involve a final military offensive against civilians , launched from his last major strongholds around the Libyan capital . The officials , who have knowledge of the situation on the ground , did not want to be named because of the sensitive intelligence matters . While uncertain of how upcoming events will unfold , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Friday that U.S. officials in Benghazi have been working with the Libyan opposition "  on exactly what it 's going to look like post-Gadhafi . " "  Impossible to say when he 'll go , but it 's clear that he will go , " Toner told CNN . The fighting continues , meanwhile , on a number of fronts , including in the west , where fighting has raged for days over the strategic city of Zawiya , about 30 miles west of Tripoli and a major supply route to the capital . On Saturday , it appeared the rebels had taken control of all of Zawiya after pushing Gadhafi 's forces beyond the east gate , according to CNN 's Sara Sidner who is in the city . Artillery fire could be heard , and mortars were launched toward Zawiya on Saturday , she reported . Rebel fighters told Sidner that NATO had warned civilians to leave the main part of the city . NATO has not yet commented on that statement . Musa Ibrahim , the Libyan government spokesman , said late Saturday that Gadhafi 's forces are surrounding Zawiya and still control it . Earlier , the rebels seized a major oil refinery in Zawiya and controlled only the western part of the city , said Hobab Jomaa , a rebel fighter . But Saif al-Islam Gadhafi sarcastically laughed at the idea the opposition would take Tripoli . And he was emphatic that he , his father and their supporters would not surrender . "  We are in our land , in our country , " he said . "  We have no problem if it takes six months , one year or two years -- victory will be ours . This is our country , and we will not leave it . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Matthew Chance , Sara Sidner , Kareem Khadder , Roba Alhenawi , Ben Wedeman , Barbara Starr and Yasmin Amer contributed to this report .	NEW : Saif Gadhafi says the rebels are losing , insists "  we will not leave " Libya Moammar Gadhafi slams the rebels ' "  lying campaign , " vows their end is near A rebel official says that the "  coordinated " Tripoli operation is "  going easily " Heavy clashes broke out late Saturday in a Tripoli neighborhood , a resident says
London  CNN  -- An international manhunt is under way for the fighter shown in a video of the beheading of journalist James Foley -- and its focus is on Britain . The Islamic State militant on the video has his face covered , except for his eyes . But he has what sounds like a distinctly British accent . UK media reports are rife with speculation about where he 's from . Linguistics experts say his accent indicates he is from southeast England or London , perhaps the capital 's East End . As details of the cold-blooded execution of Foley emerged , British Prime Minister David Cameron interrupted his summer vacation to head a meeting of the government 's emergency committee , known as COBRA , in London . Speaking to the media , he condemned the killing as "  a murder without any justification " and said that while the man has not been identified , "  it looks increasingly likely that it is a British citizen . " Opinion : Why James Foley 's murder was a message to Britain A lengthy process With an estimated 400 to 500 British recruits in Syria and Iraq -- though some believe the number to be much higher -- it may take time to identify the killer . And UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said the government is well aware of the threat these British jihadis pose , at home as well as overseas . "  We 've been saying for a very long time that there are a significant number of British nationals , both in Syria and Iraq , operating with extremist organizations , " he said . "  Many of these people may seek at some point to return to the UK and they would then pose a direct threat to our domestic security . "  This is a poison , a cancer , what 's going on in Iraq and Syria , and it risks spreading to other parts of the international community and affecting us all directly . " Easy recruits Analysts who study the Islamic State say they are not surprised by the role played by a Briton in Foley 's killing . "  The British fighters who have been going out to the Islamic State , who we 've been monitoring now for many years , are really wanting to be at the forefront of this conflict , " Shiraz Maher , a senior research fellow at King 's College London , told CNN . "  They 're not backseat drivers in any sense . " The power of the Internet means radicalization and recruitment of fighters is also alarmingly easy . According to a defector from the ranks of ISIS , the jihadist group runs a series of Internet chat groups to begin the process of indoctrinating and filtering potential recruits from outside Syria . Captors originally asked for huge ransom Europeans sought after The defector , who agreed to an interview with CNN earlier this summer but wanted to hide his identity , said that European recruits were more sought after and treated in a different class by the recruiters . "  There was special treatment for the Europeans , " he said . "  One British guy said he was called Ibrahim , then told me he was from Manchester . One asked my emir  his unit 's head  if he should fight in his own country , or come to Syria . He was told if God does n't give you martyrdom in Syria , then he could wage war in his own country . " Maajid Nawaz , co-founder and chairman of Quilliam , a London-based counter-extremism think tank , told CNN that British jihadis -- writing on social media websites -- had made plain their intention to carry on their jihad when they return home . Some have posted pictures of themselves posing with homemade bombs . Nawaz said the estimated 500 British fighters in the region equates to roughly one in every 800 Sunni Muslim British men of fighting age . ` Fighters do n't emerge from a vacuum ' "  That 's a huge proportion of this country 's Muslim population who have succumbed to this level of violence , " he said . "  Those fighters do n't emerge from a vacuum , they do n't just spring up from nothing . There must be some form of residual atmosphere that 's prevalent within our communities here that somehow incubates that type of mindset . So it 's definitely very worrying for us . "  There are roughly 3,000 from across Europe and of course we can travel throughout Europe without a visa -- so that means any country can succumb to these kind of attacks as soon as they return home . " Other attackers Other Britons have helped carry out brazen attacks in Syria . Earlier this year , father-of-three Abdul Waheed Majid is believed to have become Britain 's first known suicide bomber there , when he blew up a truck bomb as part of an ISIS assault on an Aleppo prison . The 41-year-old , from Crawley , south of London , told his family he was in Syria as a humanitarian worker -- not as an ISIS fighter . His uncle , Mohammad Jamil , said , "  He was a good family man . He had his head in the right place you know . We never thought he was linked to anyone other than his family and doing good deeds . " Beheading of American journalist James Foley recalls past horrors Propaganda value Analysts say some of the propaganda value of the Western foreign fighter lies in that contradiction between their past and present identities . "  In showing a Briton decapitating an innocent civilian American , they 've shown that they 've deconstructed the boundaries of any former life of this British citizen , " said Charlie Cooper , a researcher at the Quilliam Foundation . "  He has left his country and he has gone to fight for the Islamic State , and in doing so he has completely rejected his former life . He 's rejected all ideals that he used to live in and now he 's happy to decapitate someone who is unarmed in front of a camera to further the message and threaten the rest of the world , as well as the United States . "  To break down someone to that level , to brainwash them like that , is immensely powerful . " London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed Wednesday that its Counter Terrorism Command was investigating the video . Britain 's MI5 domestic intelligence agency is also said to be involved in the hunt , as are U.S. authorities . Besides the brutality of his own actions , that potent capacity to radicalize others will only add to the urgency of the hunt for James Foley 's killer . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Isa Soares and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	The ISIS fighter who talks in the execution video has what sounds like a British accent Britain 's counter terrorism police have joined the hunt for the killer of James Foley There are an estimated 400-500 British jihadis in the Syria and Iraq region UK Foreign Secretary : "  This is a poison , a cancer , what 's going on in Iraq and Syria "
CNN  -- Being nice to others and cooperating with them are n't uniquely human traits . Frans de Waal , director of Emory University 's Living Links Center at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center in Lawrenceville , Georgia , studies how our close primate relatives also demonstrate behaviors suggestive of a sense of morality . De Waal recently published a book called "  The Bonobo and the Atheist : In Search of Humanism Among the Primates , " which synthesizes evidence that there are biological roots in human fairness , and explores what that means for the role of religion in human societies . CNN 's Kelly Murray recently spoke with De Waal about the book . More about de Waal 's research CNN 's Kelly Murray : Tell us about the title of your book . Frans de Waal : Well , the reason I chose that title is , when I bring up the origins of morality , it revolves around God , or comes from religion , and I want to address the issue that I think morality is actually older than religion . So I 'm getting into the religion question , and how important is religion for morality . I think it plays a role , but it 's a secondary role . Instead of being the source of morality , religion came later , maybe to fortify morality . CNN : How would you say that ethics or morality is separate from religion ? De Waal : Well , I think that morality is older . In the sense that I find it very hard to believe that 100,000 or 200,000 years ago , our ancestors did not believe in right and wrong , and did not punish bad behavior , did not care about fairness . Very long ago our ancestors had moral systems . Our current institutions are only a couple of thousand years old , which is really not old in the eyes of a biologist . So I think religion came after morality . Religion may have become a codification of morality , and it may fortify it , but it 's not the origin of it . CNN : Why do people need religion ? De Waal : Well , that 's a good question . I 'm struggling with that . I 'm personally a nonbeliever , so I 'm struggling with if we really need religion . ... I 'm from the Netherlands , where 60 % of the people are nonbelievers . So in northern Europe , there are actually experiments going on now with societies that are more secular , to see if we can maintain a moral society that way , and for the moment I would say that experiment is going pretty well . ... Personally I think it is possible to build a society that is moral on a nonreligious basis , but the jury is still out on that . CNN : So do you believe that people are generally good ? De Waal : Yeah , my view is that you have two  kinds of  people in the world . You have people who think that we are inherently bad and evil and selfish , but with a lot of hard work we can be good , and you have other people like myself who believe that we are inherently good . There 's a lot of evidence on the primates that I can use to support that idea that we are inherently good , but on occasion when we get too competitive or frustrated , we turn bad . CNN : So when the stakes are higher for survival , we 're more individualistic than group-oriented ? De Waal : Oh no , we very much survive by group life . Humans are not able to survive alone . For example , solitary confinement is one of the worst punishments we can give . We are not really made to live alone , we would not survive , and so when things get tough we would actually come together more and be more social when things get tough . CNN : Can you talk about how being nice to another individual helps you ? De Waal : Sometimes people put that in a very narrow sense , and they say that everything that humans do or that animals do needs to have a payoff , but that 's not true . The example ... of adoption of children , I basically think it 's a costly act with no payoff , and these things happen in animals also . Animals sometimes help each other even between species . Dolphins may help human swimmers , and I do n't think the dolphins get much out of it . So individual acts do n't necessarily need to have a payoff . So they are not selfishly motivated . They are really altruistic , but you have the tendency to help , and to have empathy for others in general , on the average , is beneficial . Because you live in a group , you depend on these others , so you need to care about these others also because your survival depends on group life , and so there is some sort of general payoff , but people often think in terms of each individual act needs to  reap  some benefit but that 's not necessarily true . CNN : Tell us more about the origins of empathy . De Waal : We think that the origin of empathy , in the mammals at least , has to do with maternal care . So a female , whether you 're a mouse or an elephant , you need to pay attention to your offspring , you need to react to their emotions when they 're cold , or in danger , or hungry , and that 's where we think the sensitivity to others ' emotions come from . That also explains why empathy is more developed in females than males , which is true in many animals , and it 's true for humans , and it explains the role of oxytocin . Oxytocin is a maternal hormone . If you spray oxytocin into the nostrils of men and women , you get more empathic  empathetic  reactions from them , and so the general thinking about empathy is that it started in the mammals with maternal care , and then from there it spread to other relationships . So men can definitely have empathy , but they on average have a little bit less of it than women . CNN : By empathy , you mean that they feel each others ' pain ? De Waal : Well , feeling someone else 's joy is also empathy . Being affected by the laugh , as humans are , is a form of empathy . So empathy basically says that you 're sensitive to the emotions of others and react to the emotions of others . Sympathy is a bit more complicated . Sympathy is that you want to take action . You want to help somebody else who 's in trouble . So sympathy is a bit more specific , it 's a bit more action-oriented . Empathy is just a sensitivity . Empathy is not necessarily positive . If someone wants to sell you a bad car for a high price , he also needs to empathize with you in order to get you to buy it . So empathy can be used for good purposes ; I think most of the time it is , but it is not always used for good purposes . CNN : In your book , you talk about a female primate who is crouching down giving birth while the rest of the group gathers around , and one of the other females is crouching and acting like the one giving birth . Would that be an example of empathy ? De Waal : Yeah , that 's an act of mimicry and synchronization , which is the first form of empathy . If you talk with a sad person , you 're going to have a sad expression on your face . You 're going to feel sad very soon . That is the body channel of empathy . You synchronize with the other , and that female in the birthing scenario was synchronizing with the other . It 's a very early form of empathy ; we call it "  modes of mimicry , " when you do the same thing as somebody else . The body channel of empathy is very important to us and we rely on it every day . If you talk with people and you adopt their facial expressions , they will be laughing , you will be laughing , and so on . CNN : Different cultures of humans have different ideas about morality . Is it the same way in primates ? Do different groups of primates have different cultures and ways of interacting with each other ? De Waal : We do think that primates have different cultures . One group behaves quite differently from another one . I 'm not sure that I would say they have different moralities , but they may have different styles of interacting . But  with  the human variation in morality , one society may have different moral rules than another one . In our current society in the U.S. we have debates about gay marriage , abortion - we have a lot of moral debates going on , and years from now we will believe different things from what we believe now , and so morality changes as a result of society , and that means you should not look for specifics of your morality in biology . Biology provides some of the general primate psychology that we have , like pro-social tendencies , sense of fairness , following rules . Our primate background provides that kind of thing , but the specific rules that our society adopts are not contained in biology , and sometimes people confuse that when I say that morality is contained in our biology , that every rule we follow has to come out of biology . I do n't think it works that way . I think that we have general tendencies that come from our primate ancestors , and we turn that into our moral system that is suitable to our way of living . CNN : Is there anything we can learn from animals about how to live a good life ? De Waal : I do n't think I can give you specific lessons for your life out of my animal studies , but I do think the animal studies have some sort of general message that is important . Instead of looking at human morality as something we design in our heads  $ " the philosophers want us to believe that by logic and reasoning we arrive at moral principles  $ " I think it works very differently . We have a lot of feelings and tendencies that drive us to moral solutions , and yes , we often then later try to justify these solutions and come up with reasons for them , but that 's often secondarily . In primate behavior we can see they have a sense of fairness . They have empathy : they enforce rules among themselves , they can delay gratification and they can control their impulses . So many of these tendencies that go into our moralities can be found in other animals , but instead of them coming from logic and reasoning , they actually come from our primate psychology most of the time .	Frans de Waal authored a book about biological roots in human fairness His research suggests morality is older than religion "  We do think that primates have different cultures "
CNN  Thirteen former United Airlines flight attendants say they were fired for refusing to work a commercial flight from San Francisco to Hong Kong after the airline discovered "  threatening " words and "  menacing " images drawn on the tail cone of the Boeing 747 . The aircraft was being prepared for takeoff when flight attendants became aware oil from the aircraft 's auxiliary engine was used to paint the words "  BYE BYE " in 6-inch-high letters above two faces , "  one smiling and the other with a more troubling devilish expression , " according to a federal complaint filed Wednesday with the Department of Labor . The flight attendants say that on July 14 , United Airlines ignored a "  serious and credible threat to the security and safety of passengers by ordering them to fly in order to avoid cost and disruption to the airline 's flight schedule and revenue , " said David Marshall , the attorney representing the group . Also in the federal complaint , the flight attendants allege they informed the airline they were "  uncomfortable flying unless United took steps to address this security threat , including deplaning 300-plus passengers and conducting a thorough security inspection of the aircraft . " Marshall said they wanted to "  ensure that no explosive device had been planted in the plane . " United tells CNN the incident was investigated by its flight operations and safety teams . "  There was no credible security threat , " the airline said in a statement . "  All of FAA 's and United 's own safety procedures were followed , including a comprehensive safety sweep prior to boarding , and the pilots , mechanics and safety leaders deemed the aircraft entirely safe to fly . " The airline said the pilots were willing to fly the plane . The flight attendants said in the "  wake of the disappearance of Malaysia Flight 370 and a warning issued by TSA about consumer electronic device bombs just a week earlier , " they had a "  heightened duty and legal responsibility " to do whatever was necessary to make sure everyone onboard was safe . Grace Lam , one of the terminated flight attendants said , "  given the gravity of the risks involved -- the lives of passengers and crew alike -- we were not willing to bow to United 's pressure to ignore an unresolved security threat . " The flight attendants were fired in October for insubordination . The federal complaint accuses United of bullying and retaliatory firings . The flight attendants want their jobs back , back pay and compensatory damages .	Flight attendants : Two faces and the words "  bye bye " were painted on an airliner United Airlines says safety experts examined the plane and found no problems
CNN  -- Jamie Donaldson claimed the first European Tour title of his career with a resounding four-stroke victory at the Irish Open on Sunday . The Welshman made sure of his first win in 255 attempts with a closing six-under par round of 66 at Royal Portrush in Northern Ireland -- the first time the event has taken place north of the border since 1953 . "  I guess it takes some people longer than others , and it 's taken me a lot longer than I thought to win , " Donaldson said . "  The first three years went too quickly and then I was out for a year with injury , so I did n't find my feet too soon after that , and then I lost my way a bit . But over the last two to three years I feel as though I have been building to this win and it 's just so nice to be finally holding this trophy , " he added . The 36-year-old started his final round trailing Sweden 's Mikael Lundberg who set off at a blistering pace going out in 29 strokes . But Donaldson immediately set about reclaiming his overnight lead , bagging three birdies in the opening four holes to set the tone for the rest of an assured final round . A bogey four at the par three 11th hole was followed by birdies at the 12th , 14th and 15th holes . Another bogey at the 16th failed to unnerve Donaldson who closed out like a champion birdieing the closing two holes to finish the week on 18-under par . Donaldson , who pocketed a winner 's check of    333,330 , finished four shots clear of England 's Anthony Wall , Rafa Cabrera-Bello from Spain and Paraguay 's Fabrizio Zanotti in second . Wall , who was paired with Donaldson during Sunday 's round , paid tribute to the Welshman afterwards . "  I 've never doubted him . He 's a class act and a super , super player , and he deserves everything he gets because he does work hard and he 's got loads of talent , " Wall said , EuropeanTour.com reported . Hopes of an Irish winner faded on Sunday when Padraig Harrington could only manage a closing round of 70 to finish six shots adrift of Donaldson in tie for seventh place with Scotland 's Craig Lee  68  and David Drysdale  66  . Rory McIlroy had too much ground to make up on the final day but finished with a bogey-free round of 67 to claim a share of 10th place on 11-under par .	Welshman claims maiden European Tour win at 255th attempt at Irish Open on Sunday The 36-year-old Donaldson finishes on 18-under par to claim    333,330 first prize at Royal Portrush in Northern Ireland England 's Anthony Wall finishes in a tie for second ; Padraig Harrington 's challenge fades with final round 70 Rory McIlroy posts final round 67 to finish in tie for 11th
CNN  -- It 's that time of year again . This weekend , you 'll sacrifice an hour of sleep in exchange for a few months of extra daylight . Daylight Saving Time officially started at 2 a.m. on Sunday . If you have n't set your clocks forward yet , do it before you return to work on Monday . Daylight Saving Time ends the first Sunday in November . Benjamin Franklin first thought up the idea of daylight saving in 1784 . It was n't instituted until World War I , when it went into effect to save energy used for lights . The Standard Time Act established time zones and daylight saving in 1918 , but it was short-lived . Daylight saving was repealed the following year . Daylight Saving Time may bring health problems The Uniform Time Act of 1966 established Daylight Saving Time throughout the United States and gave states the option to exempt themselves . Hawaii and most of Arizona do not follow Daylight Saving Time . Guam , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands and American Samoa also skip out on the clock-changing fun . In 1974 and 1975 , Congress extended daylight saving to save energy during the energy crisis . In 2007 , Daylight Saving got a few weeks longer , running from the second Sunday in March to the first Sunday in November . About 70 countries around the world observe daylight saving , but many countries near the equator do not . It 's not universally popular , though . Farmers note that their livestock do n't live by a clock , and complain that they have to adjust their working hours to deal with the animals . Also , any parent will tell you -- babies do n't quite get it either . Which do you prefer -- more daylight or more sleep ? Weigh in below .	Set your clocks forward today Daylight Saving started Sunday at 2 a.m. and runs through the first Sunday in November About 70 countries observe daylight saving
Mental Floss  -- Even in the midst of the Civil War , there was still one thing the North and South shared -- a serious addiction to caffeine . Confederate troops were less likely to get a cup of coffee . In that respect , the Union clearly had an advantage . Not only did the North have more than two-thirds of the population and control most of the heavy industry , railroads , and financial reserves in the country , it hoarded supplies of the highly addictive little bean , leaving the Confederacy to wage its own war against java deprivation . Coffee : It 's what 's for breakfast , lunch and dinner Throughout the Civil War , coffee was as prevalent on the battlefields as it is in offices today . In fact , the Union army was fueled by the stuff to the point that , if there was no time to boil water , the Boys in Blue would chew on whole beans as they marched . And at night , Union campsites were dotted with tiny fires , each boiling a pot of coffee like a million miniature Starbucks . Beyond caffeine cravings , Union troops loved their coffee because it was , literally , the best thing on the menu . Before the advent of helpful  and tasty !  artificial preservatives , a marching soldier 's rations were neither varied nor particularly appetizing . Typically , they consisted of salted meat , unleavened bread  accurately christened "  hardtack "  , and a little sugar and salt . It did n't help that Union supply chains were riddled with corrupt food contractors who charged the government top dollar for rotten , stale , and insect-ridden foodstuffs . Coffee , however , was almost always fresh because it was delivered in whole-bean form -- making it difficult for even the most dishonest supplier to skimp on quality . Not that they did n't try , of course . In fact , officials began requesting coffee as whole beans after some crooked contractors tried to up their per-pound profits by slipping sand and dirt into packages of ground coffee . In 1861 , hoping to cut down on the time soldiers spent roasting and grinding beans , the army switched to a concentrated proto-instant coffee . The new concoction , called "  essence of coffee , " was made by boiling prepared coffee , milk , and sugar into a thick gloop , which soldiers then reconstituted by mixing it with water . The product reportedly tasted every bit as bad as you 'd imagine , and thanks to the corrupt dairymen who sold the army spoiled milk , it also tended to cause diarrhea . Needless to say , the Union army was soon back on the bean . Southern discomfort Noxious as essence of coffee was , Confederate soldiers would have gladly downed a cup or two . But , because of a Union naval blockade , coffee  along with weapons , machinery , medicine , and other vital materials  was in short supply in the South . Before the war , a pound of beans would have set you back around 20 cents in Yankee dough . Once pre-war stockpiles ran out , however , the same amount was running as high as $ 60 in Confederate money .  Despite the undervalued currency , that was still a lot . There was some coffee that made it into the Confederacy -- usually carried by steam-powered blockade-runner ships . But , for the most part , Southerners had to rely on coffee substitutes , including various forms of roasted corn , rye , okra seeds , sweet potatoes , acorns , and peanuts . Unfortunately , all these imitations lacked potency , tasted awful , and upset the bowels . The only slightly better alternative was tea made from the leaves of the native yaupon shrub . The good news was that it contained caffeine ; the bad news was that it was incredibly difficult to digest . Luckily , there was one surefire way for Southern folk to get their coffee -- by making peace with the Union . Soldiers on the front lines often called informal truces so Rebels could swap tobacco for Yankee coffee and then dash back to their camps before they were reported missing . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Coffee was a hot commodity in the Civil War Union troops had it for breakfast , lunch , dinner Suppliers sometime ground dirt into beans Blockade kept coffee had to get for Confederate troops
CNN  -- Scotland 's Roman Catholic archbishop is contesting accusations of "  inappropriate behavior " with priests , claims leveled as Cardinal Keith O'Brien prepares to join the conclave that will choose a new pope . British newspaper The Observer reported Sunday that three priests and one former priest have leveled allegations against O'Brien that date back 30 years . The Observer did not recount details of the claims or identify any of O'Brien 's accusers , but said one of the priests alleged "  that the cardinal developed an inappropriate relationship with him . " O'Brien did not attend Mass at St. Mary 's Cathedral in Edinburgh on Sunday , but the Scottish Catholic Media Office told CNN that the cardinal "  contests these claims and is taking legal advice . " His accusers took their complaints to the Vatican representative in Britain and demanded O'Brien 's resignation , The Observer reported . At the Vatican , Father Federico Lombardi , a spokesman for the church , told reporters that Pope Benedict XVI has been informed of the allegations . The Irish-born O'Brien is scheduled to retire on St. Patrick 's Day , his 75th birthday . But in a message to the Archdiocese of St. Andrews and Edinburgh last Sunday , he said he expected to take part as the College of Cardinals gathers in Rome to pick a successor to Benedict , who has led the worldwide church since 2005 . The accusations against O'Brien follow a buzz in Italian media about claims that gay clergy may have made themselves vulnerable to blackmail by male prostitutes , setting off speculation that a brewing scandal may have triggered Benedict 's resignation . The Vatican vehemently denied the allegations Saturday , with Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone criticizing a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories " as the cardinals prepare for their conclave . Benedict announced his resignation on February 11 , saying that at 85 , he was too weak to continue his duties . He leaves the papacy on Thursday , becoming the first pope to step down since 1415 . CNN 's Hada Messia and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Cardinal Keith O'Brien is accused of "  inappropriate behavior " with priests O'Brien "  contests these claims and is taking legal advice , " his archdiocese says Pope Benedict XVI has been informed of the allegations , a Vatican spokesman says
CNN  -- Sure , you could get lucky like Decatur , Georgia , resident Gregory Jarrett , and find a winning Powerball lottery ticket from the January 15 drawing on the floor of your dirty room and pocket a cool $ 1 million . And you 've probably daydreamed about winning the Powerball lottery and retiring to someplace where they 've never even heard the words Polar Vortex . After all , with an estimated $ 60 million on the line and no winner after Wednesday 's drawing , those who hope to strike it rich are still lining up at convenience stores in the hopes of scoring the lucky ticket . But let 's get real : Your chances of actually playing the right combination of numbers and striking it rich through the lottery are slim . How slim ? Try one in 1 in 175,223,510 . That means you have a greater chance of being killed by a shark , according to National Geographic . Those odds are 1 in 3,700,000 . And , as long as we 're being morbid , you also have a 1 in 134,906 chance of being struck by lightning , say the folks over at the National Safety Council . On the up side , you also have a 1 in 88,000 shot of dating a supermodel . Go ahead and hedge your bets , but you have a greater chance of winning your office 's Oscar pool . Of course , those odds depend on whether your office couch potato co-worker enters this year . And the United States has much greater odds of winning Olympic gold medals . Go Team USA ! But who knows ? You could get lucky like last week 's winner . The ticket , purchased at Dixon Landing Chevron in Milpitas , California , netted some undisclosed winner the $ 425 million jackpot . So play away . The next drawing is Saturday .	Winning the Powerball jackpot of $ 60 million is a long shot Being killed by a shark and dating a supermodel are better bets But if you 're the unknown winner of the $ 425 million prize , odds do n't matter
CNN  -- Two days before George Zimmerman goes on trial , voice recognition experts testified it is not possible to positively identify whose screams are heard in the background of the 911 calls made the night Trayvon Martin was shot . Florida Judge Debra Nelson will continue the hearing on the admissibility of the experts ' testimony at a later date . Jury selection begins Monday . A third audio expert was unable to testify Saturday because he was stuck on a plane . The defense argues the state 's audio experts are using unproven science to determine who is heard screaming and they should n't be allowed to testify . Nelson wanted to hear about the technology used for voice analysis . Trayvon Martin shooting Fast Facts Forensic audio expert Dr. Peter French , who testified via teleconference from the United Kingdom , described research involving the recording of stressed cries versus normal voice samples . In the case of the 911 calls , French said that the poor quality of the recorded voices means that none of the processes available can provide any useful information about the identity of the screaming person . "  I 've never come across a case in the 30 years of my career where anybody has attempted to compare screaming with normal voices , " French said . French also said in this case the recording "  is n't even remotely suitable for speaker comparison . " George Doddington , an electrical engineer who works as an adviser with the National Security Agency , testified Saturday that his conclusion about the 911 call was similar to Dr. French 's : that due to the quality of the data , it is not going to provide any viable source for making an identity decision . Doddington said evaluating one second of speech to reach a conclusion is "  ridiculous . " "  The less you have , the worse the performance , " he said . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Martin , 17 , on February 26 , 2012 , in Sanford , Florida . He says he shot the teenager in self-defense . The audio technology may be key to the prosecution 's case because its experts ' testimony may be able to shed light on what was said between Zimmerman and Martin moments before the teenager was shot . Alan Reich , a voice analysis expert who testified Friday , believes that the screams recorded were not Zimmerman , but more likely came from Martin . Ted Owens , a forensic audio engineer , testified Friday that his analysis of the 911 call indicated that the person screaming was not Zimmerman , and the person screaming is frantically asking for help in different ways before the gunshot is heard . If the prosecution experts ' analysis indicates Martin screamed for help , it could hurt the credibility of Zimmerman 's claim that he acted in self-defense . The law states that for technology to be admissible , it must be "  generally accepted " in that particular field . Zimmerman 's attorneys are arguing the technology does not satisfy that threshold .	George Zimmerman trial starts Monday in Florida Judge considering evidence from 911 calls Audio experts testify about quality of recordings
London  CNN  -- The Duchess of Cambridge has successfully graduated as a "  fully fledged member " of Britain 's monarchy after fulfilling all her objectives one year on from her marriage to Prince William , a senior royal source has told CNN . St. James 's Palace , which represents her , William and his brother Harry , now regards Kate 's "  induction " as complete and the duchess herself feels "  fulfilled " by the achievements of the past 12 months , the source said . Confirmation of her smooth transition into the ranks of royalty will help dispel fears voiced ahead of last year 's wedding that commoner-born Kate would struggle with the pressure of being thrust into the public eye . But , thanks to guidance from her husband , Kate feels she has settled into her new life , CNN has learned . "  She would never judge her achievements but she has succeeded in doing what she set out to do in her first year , " the source said . "  She has achieved her objectives . " Kate 's other mentor has been her father-in-law , Prince Charles , with whom she has become close . "  They spend a lot of time together . They go on visits to the opera and art galleries . They share passions that neither of the princes share . They get on very well . " Gallery : Photographer 's year with duchess The source was speaking to CNN for a new documentary : The Royals ; Kate , Duchess of Cambridge airing on May 4 . In it , CNN explores how the whole royal family has thrown its support behind their newest member as she finds her feet . "  The queen has made a lot of time for the duchess . -LSB- Kate -RSB- gets on very well with the queen . They have a warm relationship as was evidenced in Leicester , " says the source , referring to a visit last March when the pair were seen chatting and smiling . It has been a whirlwind year for Kate . Her wedding last April , one the biggest media events in history , was followed by a triumphant tour of Canada , which she regards as the highlight of her official year , and a trip to the United States . Watch : The Royals : Kate , Duchess of Cambridge When the duchess returned to Britain , she began shaping her own identity within the royal family . In January , she announced her support for four charities and began her first solo engagements . Last month she made her inaugural speech with the help of William who , CNN has learned , coached her via phone from the Falklands where he was on military service . By delivering her first speech , Kate completed the full range of official duties expected of a working royal . A small palace team has provided what training it can for the duchess , but they accept that the best insight comes from William and Charles . However , Kate has also proved to be a natural . "  For her , the public engagements are a joy , " the royal source said . "  She enjoys it . Not much fazes her . She is confident enough to handle it . She is strong-willed . She knows her mind . She is professional . " Kate 's hands-on approach came to light when the media was bombarding the palace with calls demanding to know the name of her new puppy . The duchess was unwilling to let her puppy become a public relations event , CNN understands . Instead she revealed it naturally during a visit to a school when a student asked her . In case you missed it , the newest member of the royal family is called Lupo .	Palace source tells CNN that Kate feels "  fulfilled " by her achievements over the past 12 months William and other royals have helped smooth her transition into the monarchy , source says William phoned Kate from the Falklands to coach her for her first public address Kate intervened to prevent her new puppy Lupo becoming a public relations event
CNN  -- Nope , Patrick Stewart , we do n't get it either . The Internet has fallen in love with a video of the 74-year-old actor , posted by his wife , in which he wears a Christmas hat that sings and dances . You read that right . Stewart , best known for his roles in the TV show "  Star Trek : The Next Generation " and the "  X-Men " film franchise , sits looking somewhat confused as the elf cap dances on his head , lights up and plays a jaunty tune . His wife , Sunny Ozell , can be heard laughing in the background . By the end of the video , which is titled "  Sweet Hat Bro , " Stewart is also laughing .	Stewart 's wife posted the video The actor tries to keep from laughing The video is titled "  Sweet Hat Bro "
Washington  CNN  -- Anthony Koller 's squad was ambushed in Iraq . He saw his friend die . He spent 14 months at war and returned home with a diagnosis that has become all too common for Iraq and Afghanistan veterans : post-traumatic stress disorder . The Army discharged him but he did not receive medical benefits to which he said he was entitled . There were times when the family , with three small children , did not have any health care coverage at all . But relief is on its way for Koller and more than 1,000 other Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans who suffer from PTSD . Under the terms of a class-action lawsuit settlement announced Friday by a veterans advocacy group , those veterans will now receive lifetime disability benefits . The National Veterans Legal Services Program said the U.S. military violated the law by failing to assign the veterans a 50 % or higher disability rating that is needed to qualify for benefits . "  These veterans served our country in time of war , but have waited three to eight years to receive the disability benefits which they 've earned for their service , " said Bart Stichman , co-executive director of the veterans advocacy group . "  Today , a terrible wrong to our nation 's war veterans is being righted , " he said . The case affects as many as 4,000 veterans who were medically discharged because of the disorder between 2003 and 2008 . Some were receiving benefits but will now receive higher compensation . "  This is a happy ending to a sad chapter of military mistreatment of those who served our country in time of war , " Stichman said . Lawyers for the veterans group , the Justice Department and the armed services urged a speedy court approval for the tenative settlement to avoid further delays . Expediting the settlement will help soldiers like Timothy Martin , a Bradley gunner in Iraq who lived through several firefights and bombings . Martin , a single father , was told he could no longer serve in the military due to his PTSD , but "  was separated from the military without retirement benefits and a low disability rating , well below what the law stipulated , " the veterans group said . Martin said in a court statement that his family was struggling to make ends meet . Now he will finally be able to get help from the military . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	Veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder filed a class-action lawsuit They claimed they were denied benefits A settlement in the case will afford them compensation Thousands of Iraq and Afghanistan vets suffer from PTSD
The family of a teen critically injured when another teen , Ethan Couch , drove drunk last year has reached a settlement of more than $ 2 million . The case made national headlines after a witness claimed Couch was a victim of "  affluenza " -- the product of wealthy , privileged parents who never set limits for the Texas boy . For the crimes of driving drunk and causing a crash -- which killed four people and critically injured two -- Couch received no jail time . He was ordered to go to a lockdown treatment facility and sentenced to 10 years ' probation . The settlement , reached this month , involves the case of Sergio Molina , who was riding in the back of Couch 's truck the night of the accident . He suffered a brain injury and can no longer speak , or move . He is considered minimally responsive . "  They told us that , basically , that 's as much as he 's going to rehabilitate , " Sergio 's brother , Alex Lemus , told CNN last year . In the six months since the accident , which took place in June , Lemus said medical bills had already topped $ 1 million . The family filed the lawsuit against the Couch family and the father 's company because Ethan was driving a company-owned truck . The settlement includes a cash sum of more than $ 1 million , plus periodic payments , according to documents from the 96th District Court in Tarrant County . Most of the payment will be made by a liability insurer . An attorney for the Molina family declined to comment . Earlier this year , a lawyer representing Couch , who was 16 at the time of the wreck last June , lashed out at the news media for their focus on the use of "  affluenza " to describe the boy 's privileged upbringing . Of the two experts who testified in defense of the boy , only one used the word and he used it just once , attorney Reagan Wynn told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  That term was not used by either of the lawyers that represented Mr. Couch , and it was not our defense , simply put , " said Wynn . Last June , Hollie Boyles , and daughter , Shelby , left their home to help Breanna Mitchell , whose SUV had broken down . Brian Jennings , a youth pastor , was driving past and also stopped to help . All four were killed when Couch 's pickup truck plowed into the pedestrians on a road in Burleson , south of Fort Worth . The vehicle also struck a parked car , which then slid into another vehicle headed in the opposite direction . Two people riding in the bed of the pickup , including Sergio Molina , were injured . According to prosecutors , three hours after the crash , tests showed Ethan had a blood alcohol content of 0.24 , three times the legal limit . Lawyer blasts media for ` affluenza ' focus	A teenager drove drunk and killed four people , injured two Settlement involves Sergio Molina , one of those injured It includes a cash sum plus periodic payments
CNN  -- Ferrets could be making a comeback in the Big Apple . The furry , four-legged animal -- long absent from the city -- could weasel its way back into the hearts of New Yorkers based on a petition submitted to the Department of Health asking it to repeal the city 's 15-year ban on ferrets as pets . The city 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene said Wednesday that it is considering an amendment to the Health Code . Ariel Jasper , a Brooklyn College master 's student , said she drafted the petition in January because she has always loved ferrets and wants to correct the current Health Code , which she claims contains many inaccuracies about ferrets . "  I looked into the Health Code and I saw that they were labeled as wild , dangerous animals , and that confused me because ferrets have been domesticated for over 2,000 years , " Jasper told CNN . "  They were actually domesticated before the cat , " Jasper said . Owning a ferret is legal in 48 states , including in the remainder of New York state , she added . Jasper said that as part of her petition , she recommended mandatory rabies vaccinations for the animals , spaying and neutering , leash laws , as well as micro-chipping requirements so that they can be tracked if anyone gets rid of them . The city 's ban on ferrets dates back to June 1999 under then-Mayor Rudy Giuliani . The Health Department said in its announcement that it would be irresponsible from a public safety perspective to allow a ferret to be kept as a pet in New York City , citing their unpredictable behavior and reports that they are prone to attacking humans . That same year , Giuliani had a famous dust-up with a ferret lover during his "  Live From City Hall " radio show . "  There 's something deranged about you , " Giuliani said to caller and ferret advocate David Guthartz . "  The excessive concern that you have for ferrets is something you should examine with a therapist . " The Humane Society calls ferrets "  cute and inquisitive " and lists them as belonging to a family of animals that includes weasels and minks -- not rodents . And the ASPCA has them on a list of species suitable as companion animals along with dogs , cats and birds . Mayor Michael Bloomberg upheld his predecessor 's ferret ban , but current Mayor Bill de Blasio has not spoken about the issue . But he has already been labeled an animal lover by some after his efforts to remove Central Park carriage horses from their "  congested , urban setting . " CNN 's attempts to reach de Blasio Wednesday went unanswered . "  I think there are more important things for the mayor to focus on , " resident Shard Pierre told CNN . "  There 's income distribution problems , rent problems , crime , bigger issues on the agenda than to worry about whether or not people are allowed to own ferrets . " "  I 'm an animal lover so if the owner of these ferrets will give them a great life and great experience in this city then I 'm all for it , " resident Francisco Aliwalas said . "  But there greater things in the city that need to be addressed than little furry elongated creatures scurrying along hardwood floors of apartments . " The Health Department , led by de Blasio appointee Dr. Mary T. Bassett , said that a public hearing and comment period will be held in the fall , followed by a Board of Health vote . CNN 's Haimy Assefa , Chris Welch , Adam Reiss and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	A ferret fan petitioned New York 's Heath Department to reconsider ban on animal The weasel cousin is unfairly maligned in the health code , Ariel Jasper says Ferrets as pets were banned under then-Mayor Rudy Giuliani in 1999 The prohibition sparked infamous radio exchange between mayor , caller
CNN  -- Nearly a decade ago , a group of Saudis and other men from the Middle East came to the United States to carry out the worst terrorist attack on the U.S. Not a single one had American citizenship . Almost nine years after the September 11 attacks , the threat of another major terror strike is still a concern , but where the threat is coming from has changed . A growing number of American citizens and longtime residents of the United States are becoming radicalized enough by al Qaeda 's extremist ideology to kill their fellow Americans , counterterrorism officials say . A growing number are also learning the bomb-making skills necessary to become potentially dangerous terrorists , the officials say . They are training in the mountains of Waziristan in northwestern Pakistan , where al Qaeda still enjoys significant safety . That 's where , according to the U.S. government , alleged Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad was trained by the Pakistani Taliban , a group with close ties to al Qaeda . Shahzad 's case has strong similarities to that of another American who plotted with terrorist groups in Pakistan to attack the United States . His name is Bryant Neal Vinas , a Catholic convert to Islam from Long Island , New York , who became radicalized , traveled to Pakistan to join up with al Qaeda and helped Osama bin Laden 's terrorist organization plot a bomb attack on New York City . When news of Vinas ' arrest broke last summer , family members , friends and terrorism experts where dumbfounded by how a studious , middle-class , baseball-loving , all-American kid and onetime U.S. Army recruit could end up plotting to kill in the name of al Qaeda . CNN 's investigation into Vinas has resulted in an intimate portrait of a homegrown terrorist , charting the disturbing story of a young American 's obsessive quest to join al Qaeda . Watch a preview of ` American al Qaeda ' Vinas ' case sheds significant light on why Shahzad and an increasing number of other young Americans have become seduced by al Qaeda 's ideology . Both Vinas and Shahzad were well-integrated into American life before becoming radicalized . Both traveled to the heart of al Qaeda 's operational command in Pakistan 's tribal region along the border with Afghanistan . And both allegedly met with the most senior leaders of the Pakistani Taliban in the weeks before allegedly plotting against the United States . "  Bryant Neal Vinas is almost a poster child for the process , the unremarkable nature of the people who might go through this process and , frankly , the potential to link up to al Qaeda and the danger that presents , " according to Mitch Silber , the director of intelligence analysis for the New York City Police Department . Several top U.S. counterterrorism officials had the same message : Americans radicalized at home and trained in Pakistan represent a new and disturbing threat to the American homeland . The changing face of terrorism "  In the 9/11 world and in the immediate aftermath , the theory was and the reality was that a terrorist attack , if it were to occur again on U.S. soil , would be someone coming from abroad and coming in to the United States , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said . "  That paradigm has changed , and there are now individuals in the United States , some who have grown up here and are American citizens . ... They have n't done anything to violate the law , but yet they have become radicalized to the point of violent extremism and to the point of ... considering coming back to the homeland and conducting an attack of some sort . " In the last year , there have been 16 cases of Americans or American residents implicated in Islamist terrorism , a surge in such cases . The Times Square plot is case No. 17 . These cases include the plot last September by Denver taxi driver Najibullah Zazi to conduct multiple suicide bombings on subway cars in New York City , an al Qaeda plot described by U.S. officials as the most serious on U.S. soil since 9/11 . Like Vinas and alleged Times Square bomber Shahzad , Zazi and two associates allegedly received terrorist training in the tribal areas of Pakistan . "  Radicalization is definitely on the rise in the United States , " said Silber of the NYPD , adding that there 's "  a new wrinkle " to that radicalization : "  For years , many of these people almost exclusively sought to fight overseas , -LSB- but -RSB- now , we 're seeing individuals looking to target the United States itself . " Counterterrorism officials believe that interactive online social media sites and a new generation of charismatic English-speaking preachers have helped al Qaeda and other terrorist groups spread their ideology into the United States like never before . But not only radical online preaching has caused increasing concerns . CNN investigations have revealed that radical preachers are attempting to spread al Qaeda 's message on the streets of American cities , including even on Times Square in New York . Two New York City-based groups -- The Islamic Thinkers Society and Revolution Muslim -- have come under particular scrutiny because of their attempts to spread al Qaeda 's ideology in the United States . CNN investigations have revealed that Vinas hung out in Islamic Thinkers Society circles in New York before leaving to fight jihad in Afghanistan . U.S. counterterrorism officials tell CNN they believe he was radicalized by spending time with the group . While the Islamic Thinkers Society and Revolution Muslim have few full-time members and their public rallies are sometimes sparsely attended , they have thousands of followers online , many of them American . And counterterrorism officials believe they often organize meetings in private . "  In a sense , they are almost bug lights for aspiring jihadists , " Silber said . "  They 've got an anti-Western , anti-democratic , anti-U.S. , pro-al Qaeda message . " One of the followers of Revolution Muslim 's website was "  Jihad Jane , " the avatar of Colleen LaRose , a Pennsylvanian woman charged in March for allegedly plotting to murder a Swedish cartoonist . The Islamic Thinkers Society , like Revolution Muslim , is still active . Last month , outside the Israeli Consulate in New York , it protested U.S. support for Israel . After the rally , Islamic Thinkers Society spokesman Abu Mujaddid said the group planned to step up its activities in New York and was successfully recruiting new followers . Mujaddid , who said he believed the United States was at war with Islam , refused to give his real name . Breeding ground While it is still unclear whether Shahzad had radical associates in the United States , U.S. counterterrorism officials are concerned that others like him may be being radicalized through personal contact with proselytizers . Most serious plots directed at the West in the last six years saw plotters either trained or directed by established jihadist groups in Pakistan , according to a recent study conducted for the New American Foundation . In recent months , videos have emerged purporting to show two Americans fighting with militants along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . One of the alleged Americans , going by the name Sayfullah Amriki , was featured with his face blurred in a video produced by the propaganda arm of the Islamic Jihad Union , an al Qaeda-affiliated Uzbek group . In the video , Amriki said he was not the only American who had joined up with militants in the area . He also made a plea in English for new recruits to fight American forces in Afghanistan . "  We must rush to the lands to jihad . It is an obligation on us , " he said . "  How can we lose when we wish for death ? " But it 's what happens when fighters like Amriki come home that most worries U.S. counterterrorism officials .	More Americans are turning to radical Islam , U.S. counterterrorism officials say Homeland security secretary : This is a "  paradigm shift " since the days just after 9/11 Times Square bomb suspect Faisal Shahzad allegedly trained in Pakistan His case is similar to that of Bryant Vinas , subject of CNN 's "  American al Qaeda "
Washington  CNN  -- As the Senate cleared the way for consideration of gun control measures for the first time in nearly 20 years , the path ahead for any gun control measure in the Republican-led House of Representatives is rocky and uncertain . Senate overcomes filibuster , clearing the way for debate on gun bill Family members of those killed in the tragic shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , spent three days shuffling from meeting to meeting with senators urging swift action . But across the Capitol , there is no sense of urgency as most rank and file House GOP members are taking a wait and see approach to moving any gun bill , while a bloc of Republicans members are solidly against considering new gun restrictions . Manchin to Sandy Hook parents : ' I can do something ' House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio repeated his long held position that the House would review whatever emerged from the Senate . He was noncommittal about bringing gun legislation to the House floor for a vote . King , Thompson to introduce background checks in House "  I fully expect that the House will act in some way , shape or form but to make a blanket commitment without knowing what the underlying bill is I think would be irresponsible on my part , " Boehner told reporters on Thursday . Unlike senators , many of whom represent diverse states that include urban and suburban constituencies pressing for new gun restrictions , House districts are more narrowly drawn along partisan lines , and the current House is dominated by members in reliably Republican seats who feel less pressure to act . In many cases , these members are getting lobbied from constituents to hold the line against anything they think could curb access to guns . Sen. Rand Paul : The government wants your gun rights "  You have a lot of members here who are still scared of the NRA , " Democratic Rep Carolyn McCarthy of New York , a gun control advocate , said on Wednesday . Gun control advocates are hopeful the Senate deal struck by pro-gun Sens. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , and Pat Toomey , R-Pennsylvania , a key conservative , on expanding background checks will help provide cover for Republicans in the House who might be worried about backlash for supporting it . While it appears Toomey 's top billing is helping , so far most rank and file House Republicans say they want proof the Senate can actually pass something . Meanwhile , they continue to call for the Obama administration to enforce current gun laws , and emphasize there is bipartisan support to address mental health issues over measures dealing with access to guns . Republican Rep. Shelley Moore Capito , who hails from Manchin 's home state and is running for an open Senate seat there in 2014 , said the Senate proposal "  has got problems . It 's very unpopular in the state . " Capito said her office is already getting a lot of calls from voters in her district who oppose it , and estimated the current breakdown of the calls is roughly nine callers against gun control legislation for every one caller who says Congress needs to pass something . But Capito said she still wants to see the fine print of the Senate plan . A bipartisan duo in the House -- Rep. Peter King , R-New York , and Democratic Rep. Mike Thompson , D-California -- plan to introduce a House version of the background check bill early this week . King said there would likely be fewer than 10 House Republicans supporting it at first , but he said many GOP colleagues want to wait to see what happens in the Senate . King said it was too early to gauge the chances for the background check bill in the House , but stressed , "  the biggest swing factor will be if a number of ` Pat Toomey - like ' Republicans support it in the Senate and it just creates a wave . " Thompson argued the national polls showing a public outcry for action mean Boehner and other House GOP leaders ca n't ignore the issue for long . CNN Poll : Popular background checks also cause worry CNN Poll : Importance of guns soars , as do gun owner concerns Gun rights activist : ` Your polls are hokum ' "  I can not imagine how the majority in the House could even think of not taking this bill up for a vote , especially after you 've seen this breakthrough bipartisan support in the Senate . This is n't about the leadership of the majority party throttling Congress . This is about the American people wanting a vote , wanting background checks . " Why is this so hard ? The disconnect on background checks and guns Would background checks have stopped recent mass shootings ? How do background checks work ? Moderate GOP Rep. Charlie Dent , who represents one of a few swing districts in Pennsylvania , noted that the NRA backed a similar measure adopted by his home state in the 1990s requiring background checks for pistols . Toomey called Dent and other House Republicans earlier this week seeking their support before he unveiled his plan . Dent called the Senate compromise "  a proposal really worthy of serious consideration " and while he has n't fully endorsed it , he is on record pushing for enhanced background check legislation . NRA : Senate compromise ` will not prevent the next shooting ' Asked if Toomey helps attract support from his GOP colleagues , Dent said , "  I suspect the answer to that question will largely depend on where you live . I suspect those who are from states like Pennsylvania , also the northeast , mid-Atlantic area might bring some measure of comfort to House members knowing that Sen. Toomey supports this . " Others agreed Toomey 's top billing helps with House conservatives , but only to a degree . "  What it does do is it forces you to look at it seriously , as it should . I do n't think on issues like this , however , it will impact how people will vote in one way or another , " said Rep. Mario Diaz Balart , R-Florida . Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Patrick Meehan , a former federal prosecutor who represents a suburban area outside Philadelphia , said he 's already on board with the Senate plan . He said the background check piece along with other provisions "  could be a promising package  in the House  and something that could be sold . " Thompson said Thursday he and King are in discussions with seven to eight additional House Republicans about signing on to that bill . In recent high-profile legislative debates , such as the fiscal cliff , Boehner has passed final measures with a majority of his own members opposing them . But Texas Republican Rep. Steve Stockman , an ardent gun rights advocate , is circulating a letter to Boehner warning him not to allow a vote on any gun bill unless a majority of House Republicans are on board . The letter , signed by 46 House Republicans so far , argues the background check measure violates the Second Amendment and would n't be an effective crime-fighting tool . It concludes "  under the precedents and traditions of the House , we would ask that no gun legislation be brought to the floor of the House unless it has the support of a majority of our caucus . " Asked if he 'll adhere to the test of only allowing a vote on a bill if it has the support of the majority of his own members , Boehner left some room on Thursday : "  Certainly my prerogative or my intention is to always pass bills with strong Republican support . " Senior House GOP aides caution that while the Senate may pass a bill soon , that does n't necessarily mean the House will take up the proposal . They note that the process in the Senate took several months . House Republicans do expect President Barack Obama to ramp up political pressure and keep the issue out front to try to force action , but one of these senior House Republican sources suggested the White House refrain from any attempt to squeeze members . "  If the president really wants to get something done it is not the best strategy to try and jam the House . That has n't proven to be effective in the past , " this aide told CNN . In gun debate , Biden cites paranoia , Ferraris But McCarthy insisted this time around the pro-gun control effort is just getting started and is more organized to turn the pressure on House members after the Senate acts . Pointing to public opinion polls showing overwhelming support among women for gun legislation , McCarthy pledged , "  We 're showing our power and that power is not going to go away . I think it 's going to be more difficult for them when they go home and have n't voted for something to save lives . " Michelle Obama makes emotional entrance into gun debate Opinion : A mother 's journey to bearing arms Capito said the shooting in Newtown that left 20 children and six educators dead was a "  wake-up call " and believes the House will ultimately vote on some package . But she stressed because the issue was politically sensitive it should go through "  regular order , " meaning committees will hold hearings and spend time going through proposals . That means it will be many weeks , and likely months , before the House moves anything .	There is no sense of urgency in the House about moving a gun control bill West Virginia Republican : The Senate proposal "  has got problems " Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Pat Toomey has been calling GOP House members from his state NEW : A bipartisan duo in the House plans to introduce a background check bill next week
CNN  -- A roadside bomb in southern Afghanistan killed a female Canadian soldier and wounded four other troops , the Canadian military said Tuesday . Trooper Karine Blais , 21 , is the second Canadian female soldier to die in Afghanistan . Trooper Karine Blais was killed Monday when the troops ' armored vehicle struck the bomb . The attack occurred north of Kandahar in the Shah Wali Kowt District of Kandahar province . Blais ' death was the 117th Canadian troop fatality in the Afghan war , and she is the second Canadian female soldier killed in Afghanistan . The first , Capt. Nichola Goddard , was killed in a May 2006 firefight with insurgents in Kandahar province , where Canadian troops have been based during the conflict . Brig. Gen. Jonathan Vance , commander of Canadian troops in Afghanistan , called the 21-year-old Blais "  an energetic soldier who gave 100 percent to every challenge she faced using a unique sense of humor based on her honesty and frankness . " Vance said Blais "  demonstrated the qualities of a future leader " and was "  respected by all members of her squadron . " "  Our thoughts are with the friends and family of our fallen comrade during this difficult time , " the Canadian Forces said in a news release . "  All members of Task Force Kandahar are thinking of the family and friends of our fallen comrades during this sad time . We will not forget their sacrifice as we continue to bring security and hope to the people of Kandahar province . " Blais , from the 12th Canadian Armored Regiment at Valcartier , Quebec , near Quebec City , was serving with the 2nd Battalion , Royal 22th Regiment Battle Group . A chopper evacuated the four other troops to a medical facility at Kandahar airfield . Before Monday 's attack , the last Canadian deaths in Afghanistan occurred March 20 when four soldiers were killed in two roadside bombings .	Female soldier killed , four other troops wounded in roadside bombing Karine Blais , 21 , is second Canadian female soldier killed in Afghanistan There have been 117 Canadian troop deaths in the Afghan war
A bipartisan group of senators is again pushing for a vote this year on a measure that would change the way the military handles serious crimes like rape . The group , led by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand  D-New York  , renewed a push to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act that would create an independent military justice system to deal with serious crimes , taking the decision about whether to prosecute a case out of the hands of commanders -- so-called "  convening authorities " -- and placing it in the hands of trained military prosecutors . The bill garnered 55 votes in the Senate in March , 5 short of the 60 needed to move forward . The senators said Tuesday there was still time to pass the legislation and they are urging their leadership to allow amendments to the annual National Defense Authorization Act when the Senate takes it up or to allow an up or down vote on the measure . Senate clears military sex assault prosecution bill "  We will continue to fight to strengthen our military , " said Gillibrand , who plans to hold a series of meetings with colleagues in the coming days , in hopes of moving the bill closer to passage . The New York Democrat has long been an advocate of reforming the military justice system in hopes of reducing the number of sexual assaults in the military . Gillibrand was joined by Sens. Susan Collins  R-Maine  , Barbara Boxer  D-California  , Chuck Grassley  R-Iowa  , Richard Blumenthal  D-Connecticut  , Ted Cruz  R-Texas  , Mazie Hirono  D-Hawaii  and Rand Paul  R-Kentucky  and retired Air Force Chief Prosecutor Colonel Don Christensen , who was profiled by The New York Times Magazine on Sunday for his work prosecuting sexual assault cases . "  Enough is enough , " Cruz said . "  The time to solve this crisis is now . " Christensen , who argued it was "  vital " to align the military justice process with American civilian justice , also said that President Barack Obama could make some changes to the courts martial process unilaterally through executive order with some limitations . It is not yet clear whether this legislation will be taken up this year , but Gillibrand vowed to continue fighting to get it passed . Report : More than 1,300 military sex harassment claims last year	A bipartisan group of senators is pushing the Military Justice Improvement Act The legislation would create an independent military justice system Efforts earlier this year failed to net enough support to pass the Senate
CNN  -- In an uncharacteristically personal address , Apple CEO Tim Cook is speaking out about civil rights , saying equality for all is "  at the core of my beliefs and values . " The speech came when Cook was accepting a lifetime achievement award from Auburn University , his alma mater , in New York City last week . He said he recalled seeing a cross burning , a symbol of racism , during the turbulent civil-rights struggles of the 1960s in Alabama . "  This image was permanently imprinted in my brain and it would change my life forever , " he said . "  I could never understand it , but I knew then that America 's , and Alabama 's , history would always be scarred by the hatred that it represented . " Cook called on Congress to act on immigration reform and to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013 , which would "  demand equality and non-discrimination for all employees , regardless of who they love . " His comments at times took on a personal tone . "  I have seen and I have experienced many other types of discrimination , and all of them were rooted in the fear of people that were different than the majority , " he said . He said working at Apple has been different . "  I was very fortunate that my life 's journey took me to Apple , " Cook said . "  In addition to finding a company and a founder unlike any other , I found at Apple a company that deeply believed in advancing humanity , through its products and through the equality of all of its employees . " Cook said Apple works to ensure all of its products are accessible to people with physical and mental disabilities , not to make more money but "  because it is just and right . " Apple is one of several Silicon Valley companies that have been vocal on civil issues like immigration reform , nondiscrimination and same-sex marriage . Last year , Google launched a campaign called "  Legalize Love , " dedicated to LGBT rights . Apple has donated money to the fight against California 's Proposition 8 , which would have banned gay marriage . Facebook , Microsoft and Amazon also have been involved in similar efforts . On a separate note , Cook began his comments by referencing another issue of import to the room full of Auburn faithful . "  I 'm going to make my comments brief , but I may ask for one extra second at the end , because we all know what a difference that can make , " he said . In a dramatic football game two weeks ago , Auburn defeated archrival Alabama when the Crimson Tide attempted a game-winning field goal with one second remaining , only to see Auburn 's Chris Davis return the missed kick 109 yards for an improbable victory . The win helped catapult Auburn to next month 's national championship game .	Apple CEO Tim Cook said equality is "  at the core of my beliefs " He called on passage of legislation guaranteeing workplace equality Cook also called for immigration reform , recounted civil-rights era Tech companies have been vocal on gay rights and other issues
Boko Haram gunmen kidnapped at least 30 boys and girls from a village in northeast Nigeria during the weekend . The abductions appear to be the latest in a string of recent kidnappings by Boko Haram that dims hope for the anticipated release of 219 schoolgirls held by the group since April following a controversial ceasefire declared by Nigerian authorities . Holding on to hope for missing girls Heavily armed Boko Haram gunmen invaded the town of Mafa in Borno state Friday and Saturday and seized 30 boys and girls , local leaders said . The news of the kidnappings was slow to emerge due to lack of telecom service in the region , where most telecom towers have been destroyed in Boko Haram 's five-year insurgency against Nigeria 's government . " In the past two days Boko Haram insurgents stormed Mafa and abducted 30 boys aged 13 and above and girls aged 11 and above , " Mafa local government chairman Shettima Maina said . Despite so-called ceasefire , Boko Haram kidnappings continue "  They took them away to their base in the bush , and we believe they are going to use them as foot soldiers , " Maina said . Mallam Ashiekh Mustapha , the local chief of Mafa who confirmed the abductions , said the kidnappers also stole 300 cows from the farming community in the raid . The Nigerian government has said Boko Haram has denied involvement in the kidnappings , but the group has issued no public statement on the issue . Regardless , Boko Haram 's near-daily raids have prompted an exodus of residents from Mafa and nearby villages to the Borno state capital of Maiduguri to escape the marauding insurgents , Mustapha said . On Thursday Boko Haram killed 17 people in the nearby village of Ndongo , which they looted and set ablaze , Maina said . "  Many people have fled with their families to Maiduguri for fear of being killed or losing their children to the insurgents , " Mustapha said . Maina lamented that the military had done nothing to stop the raids despite repeated complaints by local leaders . Last week Boko Haram militia kidnapped 60 women and girls in two Christian villages in neighboring Adamawa state , according to residents and community leaders .	Government says Boko Haram denies involvement , but group has n't commented Local chief said Boko Haram also stole 300 cows during raids Hope dims for anticipated release of 219 schoolgirls kidnapped in April At least 30 boys , girls kidnapped from village in Borno state , local leaders say
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama 's budget plan , announced Monday , lays out the President 's strategy to fight income inequality against projections that the United States is still far from erasing its national debt . The President 's vision is like an opening bid in budget negotiations and will have to be squared with very different ideas expected to come from the Republicans who control the House and now the Senate too . The 10-year plan sets the stage for the economic fight over America 's future , with the White House betting voters are ready to turn the corner on spending cuts and embrace his efforts to he thinks will lift up the middle class as well as raising taxes on the wealthy . The White House has touted a growing economy and shrinking deficits as the impetus for proposing a range of measures aimed at helping low - and middle-income families . These would be partially paid for by raising taxes on the rich , such as an increase on investment taxes and getting rid of what President Obama calls the "  trust fund loophole " in the estate tax . According to the White House , the budget would also install new taxes hitting U.S. corporations storing assets overseas and offer nearly $ 300 billion in tax cuts aimed at mainly the middle class . On a conference call with reporters , senior administration officials said 44 million households would see an average tax cut of $ 600 apiece . But officials acknowledged the budget is only a starting point in negotiations with Republican lawmakers who are already criticizing much of what the White House is proposing . In an interview with NBC Sunday night , the President rejected the idea that many of the proposals do n't stand a chance in a Republican-controlled Congress . "  My job is to present the right ideas , and if Republicans think they have a better idea then they should present them , " he said . Obama said he has found over 6 years that , "  when I tell the American people very clearly what direction I think the country should go in , occasionally Republicans start agreeing with me . " He added , just not as quickly as he would like . Obama said he wants to make sure everyone benefits as the economy grows . "  I want to make sure that we have not only recovered , " but that the administration has built a strong foundation that will prevent the country from ever getting mired in another economic meltdown , he said . Now that the economy is recovering , he said "  we have to build on it . " The White House argues the budget focuses on making the U.S. more competitive by training future professionals and helping those already with jobs achieve more . The rollout of these programs started in early January , with Obama announcing a range of policy initiatives ahead of his State of the Union speech . Programs include tuition-free community college , early education programs , affordable child care and housing and skill training to increase job mobility . There is increased funding for special education , teacher training and support , and investment in science , technology , engineering and math  STEM  education . The White House proposes tax credits and initiatives designed to help working parents and caregivers , as well as students struggling with debt . And it looks to incentivize programs providing training , counseling and apprenticeships to Americans and specifically veterans . The budget also looks to change deep cuts , known as sequestration , that took effect in 2013 . The President 's budget claims that it is time to replace this "  mindless austerity " with smart reforms , and although Republicans agree that the forced budget cuts are dangerous , reaching a deal on what to replace it with will not be easy . With the reversal of sequestration , Obama will look to increase spending on the military and national defense . The President 's budget allocates resources to the fight against terrorist group ISIS as well as training for Iraqi security forces and humanitarian needs in the region . Support for NATO allies and European countries targeted by Russia , stronger cybersecurity defenses and research into combating infectious diseases like Ebola are also accounted for in the budget . Eliminating wasteful spending by modernizing and improving services within the federal government is another way the White House hopes to save money and increase U.S. competitiveness around the world . No matter how amenable Republicans are to Obama 's plan , there are some areas where his budget seems far from reality , for example : immigration . The President 's budget includes projected savings for an immigration reform bill that passed the Senate but has little chance of passing the House and or making it to Obama 's desk . Although immigration is one area where both Republicans and the President will look for savings , the issue is also one of the most contentious . Still , senior administration officials continually point to bipartisan support for some of the budget measures . One example is the $ 478 billion , six-year proposal to improve roads , bridges and mass transit systems . Funding for the investment comes from taxes on foreign earnings from U.S. businesses , and administration officials say it is similar to a past Republican proposal . As congressional leaders in both parties look ahead to the future spending battle of the coming year , administration officials point back to 2013 . Republican Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington found consensus in a "  grand bargain " budget deal in late 2013 that had something good and something bad for everyone . President Obama was n't happy with everything in that budget , but administration officials say they are hoping for a similar deal . One area where Ryan , new chairman of the House Ways and Means committee , has expressed frustration with the administration is in entitlement reform . A recent report from the Congressional Budget 's Office projects entitlement spending will heavily impact the U.S. economy in the coming years . The CBO projects that the annual federal deficit for this fiscal year will be $ 468 billion , or 2.6 % of U.S. gross domestic product  GDP  . That number reflects the gap between how much the government spends and how much it takes in . Solid economic growth over the next few years is projected , keeping the deficit at a very modest level until 2018 . But after that the CBO expects it to gradually grow to 4 % by 2025 as spending on entitlement programs like Social Security , Medicare and health insurance subsidies -- as well as interest on the country 's debt - are projected to grow faster than the GDP . Senior administration officials say that their strategy has never been to erase the deficit all together but rather to keep it at a level that is manageable . The President 's budget projects a $ 474 billion deficit for 2016 , or 2.5 % of the GDP -- which would remain stable as both the deficit and economy grow . Getting the deficit to below 3 % allows for "  sustainable " fiscal policy while investing in economic growth , officials said , citing economists .	With 10-year plan , White House bets voters have had enough of budget cuts Republican lawmakers are already criticizing much of what the White House is proposing
Washington  CNN  -- The Secret Service agent at the center of the Colombia prostitution scandal has been identified as Arthur Huntington , sources with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Friday . According to the sources , Huntington was the agent in a seventh-floor hotel room in Cartagena who had a dispute over pay with an escort . CNN also learned that Huntington has left the Secret Service , but it was not clear under what circumstances , according to CNN 's Drew Griffin . According to sources , the alleged prostitutes -- the youngest of whom were in their early 20s -- signed in at Hotel Caribe . One of these women , Dania Suarez , allegedly was later involved in a dispute about how much she was to be paid for the night , which brought the entire incident to light . Suarez , 24 , through a statement credited to her attorney , said she was an escort , not a prostitute . At least three agents assigned to rooms on the seventh floor left Cartagena early , according to hotel records . Two agents have been cleared to return to work , according to sources with knowledge of the investigation . Monday , a man who identified himself as Arthur Huntington declined comment to a CNN producer . Thursday , someone at his residence closed the door and made no comment . No one answered the door Friday or responded to phone calls . The residence was just listed for sale this week . Huntington , 41 , is married and the father of two boys , according to neighbors . A woman who identified herself as a family friend called the situation "  heartbreaking . " "  I know him and his character , " she said of Huntington . "  I would question the allegations . " Also Friday , the Secret Service distributed new rules for its agents on assignment intended to prevent a repeat of such alleged misconduct , according to two government sources familiar with the resulting investigation . White House misses Grassley deadline Called Enhanced Standards of Conduct , the new guidelines given to all Secret Service personnel make clear that standards of behavior required in the United States apply on missions abroad , the sources said . Effective immediately , the new standards require detailed briefings before each trip that will include safety precautions and any necessary designations of establishments and areas that are "  off limits " for Secret Service personnel , the sources said . Also in the new standards , foreigners are banned from Secret Service hotel rooms at all times , except for hotel staff and host nation law enforcement and government officials on official business , according to the officials , and all Secret Service personnel are prohibited from going to a "  non-reputable establishment . " The new standards specify that U.S. laws apply to Secret Service personnel when traveling , rendering invalid the excuse that specific activity is legal in the foreign country , the officials said . In addition , the new guidelines allow moderate alcohol consumption when off duty , but prohibit alcohol consumption within 10 hours of reporting for duty or at any time when at the hotel where the protected official is staying , the officials explained . An additional supervisor from the Office of Professional Responsibility will now accompany the "  jump teams " that bring vehicles for motorcades and other transportation , the officials said . Agents involved in the Colombia incident were part of such a jump team . First word of the new regulations came Thursday night , when Democratic Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas outlined them on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " after meeting with Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan about the scandal that has embarrassed the 147-year-old agency and raised questions about possible security breaches . Allegations of further transgressions by agents have emerged after the initial reports of heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes this month before President Barack Obama arrived in Cartagena for the Summit of the Americas . New claims include an account from El Salvador described by CNN affiliate Seattle TV station KIRO as very similar to the Colombia scandal , involving members of the Secret Service and other government agencies . A U.S. government official , speaking on condition of not being identified , acknowledged there had been missteps among Secret Service members . Such problems are to be expected over the agency 's long history and do n't necessarily reflect a systemic or cultural issue , the official said . "  We have had employees that have engaged in misconduct , " the official said . "  People make mistakes . " Meanwhile , a congressional source said Thursday that reports of other incidents involving members of the agency , which is charged with protecting the president and other top officials as well as investigating criminal activity , have been brought to the attention of Congress . That includes the alleged incident in El Salvador , which the Secret Service has told Congress it is looking into as well , according to the congressional source . The KIRO report cited an unnamed U.S. government contractor who worked extensively with the Secret Service advance team in San Salvador before Obama 's trip there in March 2011 . The source said he was with about a dozen Secret Service agents and a few U.S. military specialists at a strip club in the city a few days before Obama arrived . The men drank heavily at the club , and most of them paid extra for access to a VIP section where they were provided sexual favors in return for cash , the source told the station . The station reported that the strip club 's owner corroborated the allegations . The owner confirmed that a large number of agents , and some military escorts , "  descended on his club " that week and were there at least three nights in a row , KIRO reported . The owner said his club routinely takes care of high-ranking employees of the U.S. Embassy in San Salvador as well as visiting agents from the FBI and U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , KIRO said . The government contractor source said he told the agents it was a "  really bad idea " to take the strippers back to their hotel rooms , but several agents bragged that they "  did this all the time " and "  not to worry about it , " KIRO reported . KIRO investigative reporter Chris Halsne told the CBS show "  This Morning " on Thursday that he considers his source very credible , and he later told CNN that he had checked billing records , receipts , credentials and other information to confirm the contractor was with the Secret Service in Central America at the time of the incident . Brazilian ex-prostitute plans to sue U.S. Embassy The source told him about the alleged scandal last year , while Halsne was in El Salvador on a different story . Halsne said he pressed for details at that time , but the man did n't want any information from him to be used then in a news story . After the allegations involving Secret Service agents in Colombia surfaced , Halsne again pressed his source , who this time agreed to the use of his account in the KIRO report . Sonia Ertel , manager of Lips club and restaurant , said Friday that she can not be certain Secret Service agents were there . Ertel said : "  It is not ethical for any of our security or for me as a person to be in the entrance and question you : ` Excuse me , where are you from ? What nationality do you have ? What do you do as a profession ? What kind of work do you do ? ' " Responding to the KIRO report , Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan said , "  The recent investigation in Cartagena has generated several news stories that contain allegations by mostly unnamed sources . Any information brought to our attention that can be assessed as credible will be followed up on in an appropriate manner . " CNN can not independently confirm the allegations . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Thursday that his department is not investigating any of its troops over the reported incident in El Salvador . But the State Department is questioning its embassy staff in El Salvador about the allegations , spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Thursday . The Drug Enforcement Administration also is prepared to look into , "  in an appropriate manner and immediately , " allegations that it deems "  credible " regarding its agents in El Salvador , agency spokesman Rusty Payne said . But he added that , while the DEA has seen news reports , "  We are unaware of any allegations of misconduct . " Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa -- the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee , which received a briefing on the Colombia scandal this week by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano -- said the KIRO report "  only reaffirms the need for independent investigations by the  Homeland Security Department 's independent  inspector general . " Appearing on CNN on Friday , Grassley said he had yet to get a response from the White House to his request for further information . Nine Secret Service members have resigned or are being forced out as a result of the scandal over the alleged events in Colombia . The military has launched its own investigation into 12 members who were in Colombia in advance of Obama 's visit . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Brian Todd , Paul Courson , Dana Bash and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	Family friend questions the allegations Sources identify the Secret Service agent at the center of the scandal Agent is Arthur Huntington ; he has since left the agency Secret Service issues new rules to agents
CNN  -- Nine civilians died in an attack on a luxury hotel in the Afghan capital , a government official said Friday . The dead were a mix of Afghans and foreigners , children and adults , according to Gen Mohammad Ayoub Salangi the deputy interior minister . Six people were also injured . The incident began when four teenagers entered the Serena Hotel in central Kabul on Thursday and started shooting randomly , police said . Afghan security forces killed the four gunmen , who police said were all under 18 and were "  government opponents . " Police said they believe the gunmen entered the hotel by smuggling small pistols in their shoes , then hid in the bathroom for several hours before launching their attack . The hotel also was the site of a shooting , in January 2008 , that killed seven people . The Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . This is latest attack to claim the lives of foreigners in the Afghan capital . Earlier this month , gunmen shot and killed a Swedish journalist in broad daylight . In January , a bomb and gun attack by the Taliban on a restaurant in Kabul killed 21 people , most of them foreigners . Earlier , in eastern Afghanistan , Taliban militants stormed a police station in Jalalabad , and a deadly gunbattle ensued , the country 's Interior Ministry said . At least 11 people were killed and 22 were injured at the station , and at least six attackers were killed , according to a doctor at the hospital . This came as the militant group threatened to carry out attacks before next month 's presidential election . Afghan Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid confirmed the action to CNN . He said fighters will "  continue to attack the pro-U.S. Afghan establishment . " Canada pulls out of Kabul as NATO winds down Afghan operations Suicide blast rips through bazaar in northern Afghanistan Journalists Zahir Shah Sherazi in Peshawar , Pakistan , and Qadir Sediqui in Kabul contributed to this report .	NEW : Foreigners also died in attacks earlier this month and in January The nine dead are civlians -- a mix of Afghans and foreigners Four gunmen shot dead by security forces in Kabul hotel attack Gunmen were all under 18 and considered "  government opponents "
CNN  -- This week , Latinos experienced their own version of "  Super Tuesday . " That was the day it was announced that San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro had been chosen to deliver the keynote speech at next month 's Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina . It marks the first time that a Latino has headlined the event , and it 's a huge story . I 've known Julian for about eight years , and consider him a close friend . We talk about politics , but since we both have 3-year-old daughters , we also talk about fatherhood . We were on the phone Tuesday night talking about what he intends to say in his convention speech when the news broke that Ted Cruz , a former Texas solicitor general , had just defeated Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst in the Republican primary runoff for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Kay Bailey Hutchison . Cruz will now go on to face a Democratic opponent in the general election , which he is likely to win . This would make the Republican the first Latino senator from Texas , which makes for another huge story . I 've known Ted for about 10 years and consider him a friend , too . We 've been to dinner with our wives . He has a sharp mind and a good heart . Castro is a Mexican-American Democrat , and Cruz is a Cuban-American Republican . And yet , these two Latino politicos from Texas have a lot in common . They 're both young -- Castro is 37 , Cruz is 41 . They both graduated from prestigious universities -- Castro from Stanford , Cruz from Princeton . They went to Harvard Law School . They 're both well-spoken , well-connected and well-liked by non-Latinos who share their politics . The real difference is how many Latinos are reacting to these young men and their remarkable accomplishments . Word of Castro 's speech is being treated unequivocally as great news . And it is : He has been handed the golden ticket that was eight years ago given to Barack Obama . This is his chance to make America fall in love with him , draw scores of new contributors from around the country and position himself for the next rung on the political ladder . Look for Castro to try to move up in 2014 . The high-achiever may soon make more history by becoming the first Latino governor of Texas . It is great news for the 52 million Latinos in the United States who will continue to grow their influence and be courted by both parties as long they do n't give in to either too easily . That has been a problem in the past . Latinos are loyal consumers of detergents , soft drinks and the Democratic Party . Many Mexican-Americans -- who along with naturalized Mexicans , represent nearly 70 % of the Latino population -- would never think of voting for a Republican . And the GOP does n't do much to win them over with its ham-handed approach to immigration . Meanwhile , by putting the spotlight on Castro , Democrats may have clinched the Latino vote for the next decade . This is great news for the Democratic Party , even though when it comes to fixing the public schools , shoring up Social Security or overhauling the immigration system , it tends to put its own narrow interests before the broader interests of its most loyal constituents . Democrats take care of organized labor , senior citizen lobbies , teachers unions and anyone else who takes care of them . Minorities and young people come last . Latinos have given a majority of their votes to Democratic candidates in the past 13 presidential elections , dating back to 1960 . What took the Democrats so long to allow a Latino to give the keynote address at their national convention ? Republicans did it back in 1984 , when U.S. Treasurer Katherine Ortega gave the keynote speech at the Republican National Convention in Dallas . This new gesture is appreciated , but it is also way overdue . As for Cruz , his being endorsed and championed by the tea party makes many Latinos uneasy and suspicious , particularly Mexican-Americans in the Southwest . It 's causing angst as Latinos try to figure out if Cruz 's victory is a giant step forward or an enormous leap backward . They wonder if he 'll identify at all with being Latino , or just fall in line behind Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina and other rigid conservatives . In fact , in the initial round of media stories , Cruz 's victory was framed more as a triumph for the tea party than a breakthrough for Latinos . Nonsense . It 's both . His opponent Dewhurst had waged a nasty campaign that was borderline racist in suggesting that his Latino opponent was soft on illegal immigration , with no evidence to back that up other than Cruz 's Spanish surname . He deserved to lose , and I 'm glad he did . It sent a message to other politicians not to waste their time engaging in this kind of ethnic demagoguery . Besides , Latinos are never going to get ahead politically in this country until they learn to split their votes between the parties to influence Republicans and Democrats . Cruz can help with that . It 's true that I criticized him a few months ago in a column for betraying his moderate roots and lurching to the right in his Senate campaign.This is someone who served as Domestic Policy Advisor to George W. Bush in the 2000 Bush-Cheney campaign , and now he refers to comprehensive immigration reform -- one of Bush 's signature causes -- as "  amnesty ? " But now that Cruz appears to be headed for Washington , I would n't be surprised if he distanced himself from the tea party the way that Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida did after getting elected in 2010 . In fact , I would expect Cruz to team up with Rubio in a kind of Cuban-American dynamic duo that could steer important debates in the Senate . How could that be bad for Latinos ? Beyond that , Cruz 's developing fortunes are more than just a powerful symbol . It 's a neon billboard that reminds Democrats that they can do much better in terms of sharing power and expanding opportunity . Why had n't the Texas Democratic Party broken this barrier years ago and elected a Latino Democrat to the Senate , especially in light of the decades of support it has enjoyed from Latino voters ? Latinos are living through a kind of political renaissance . They should enjoy the spotlight but also take advantage of it . These two political hotshots are just part of the story . Now it 's up to Latino voters to make the most of their new influence and improve the lives of a community that has been poorly served by both parties -- and deserves much better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Two Latino politicians ' boosts this week could be good news for Latinos Julian Castro will give keynote speech to Democrats ; Ted Cruz won GOP primary in Texas He says Latino voters support Democrats , who do n't return the favor by addressing their needs Writer : Cruz 's success might draw Latinos to the right ; they 're in a position to gain influence
CNN  -- Thirty years ago , amidst much hype from Walt Disney Pictures , "  Tron " debuted in theaters . The movie -- with its then-unusual plot of a man interacting inside a computer as an avatar -- failed to bring in a large audience in comparison with "  E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial " a month earlier . Despite that , the movie left a mark . Few would dispute that its special effects were ahead of its time . Its early use of CGI inspired no less than Pixar Animation co-founder John Lasseter , who saw it as the future of animation . It held a special place in the heart of not only filmmakers but legions of fans as well . Whether they take part in "  Tron " cosplay or own their own classic "  Tron " arcade game , fans of the film that was cyberpunk before such a concept even existed are some of the most rabid . After all , for many of them , it was their first entry into the world of computers . This groundswell led Disney to relaunch the franchise with "  Tron : Legacy " in 2010  It even went so far as to screen test footage for fans at San Diego Comic-Con in 2008  . And now , the franchise has continued , with no less of a fan than Paul Reubens  best known as Pee-wee Herman  taking part in its latest incarnation . Just like his character Pee-wee , Reubens has a pretty impressive toy collection . One of his favorites is a small "  Tron " lightcycle . "  I just love looking back " at the time of "  Tron 's " release , Reubens said . The comic actor spelled out what made that movie so special . "  We all knew ` Tron ' was way ahead of its time , " he said . "  To some degree , it 's ahead of its time still . People know enough about the world of it and have more reference to it that it 's way more accessible now . " So when Reubens was offered the chance to play the villainous Pavel in "  Tron : Uprising , " Disney XD 's animated series  which returns with new episodes Friday  , he was glad to be on board . "  Anyone will tell you the villain roles are the more fun roles , " said Reubens , who plays opposite Elijah Wood 's hero Beck . "  I ran into people excited to see it before it happened . In the last six months , people stopped me all the time and said , ` oh , you 're working on ` Tron ! ' I 've run into a lot of ` Tron ' fans out there . " "  Tron " fandom is something just about everyone involved in the series -- a prequel to "  Legacy " -- has in common . That was important to executive producer Charlie Bean , a lifelong fan himself , who wanted to avoid "  typical action-adventure " casting . "  For anyone who witnessed the onset of computers and the dawn of video games , ` Tron ' spoke to a lot of us with concepts about what it was like to be inside a computer or a virtual world , " he said . "  It always sat inside of my mind . From a design point of view as an artist , it had such an impact on me . " The look of the show , reminiscent of Japanese anime and the 1990s series "  Aeon Flux " among other influences , was also crucial . "  There 's an artistic background to ` Tron , ' from the first film with  designers  Syd Mead and Moebius , " Bean said . "  Yet  some of my initial ideas were about what I did n't want it to look like . "  I wanted it to stand out and be something that stood out from the action stuff that 's out there , in bringing a live-action property to animation . My initial idea was to go in the opposite direction . Because of the world and types of stories , I wanted something that was more human but stylized , where you could really invest in the plight of these characters . " The series ' look also appealed to Reubens , who famously employed all manner of animation on "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " and has worked as a voice actor for many years , perhaps most famously on "  A Nightmare Before Christmas . " "  We saw enough stuff  ahead of time  to know  ` Tron '  was going to be really beautiful , " the actor said . "  I could tell they had a really strong art direction . " Beyond the fans , though , the show involves someone who has been there from the beginning : Bruce Boxleitner once again portrays Tron . A fan favorite from his time on "  Babylon 5 , " Boxleitner admitted that "  Tron " devotees have approached him more often than those for "  B5 . " "  This was the only one that really seemed to resonate over the years , " he said . So it took no convincing at all for Boxleitner to return to that world . "  I think ` Tron ' could very well be a mythology for our time . It was born at the age of the Internet , " he said . "  When Tron and Yori and Flynn destroyed the MCP , we liberated the internet for everyone . You can thank me . Who knew ? " Outside the world of animation , Boxleitner hopes for more live-action "  Tron " -- with one stipulation . "  It 's my motivation to find a young Tron . I ca n't fit in those tights . Tron 's a young man 's game ! "	The film "  Tron " has become a cult classic among fans The animated "  Tron " series stars one such fan : Paul "  Pee-Wee Herman " Reubens Like in the classic , Bruce Boxleitner once again portrays Tron
CNN  -- With the news of a video showing their son Bowe Bergdahl is alive , his family sent out a statement they hoped his captors would let him see . Stay strong , be patient , it said . It 's been more than four tormenting years since he was taken captive while serving in the U.S. Army in Afghanistan and there again are concerns about his well-being . The so-called proof-of-life video that was provided to the U.S. military is the first of him in nearly three years . It has a reference to December 14 , 2013 . CNN has not seen the video , but a U.S. military official told the network that the clip apparently shows the Idaho native in diminished health . That 's a picture that 's hard to envision for family and friends . For them , strong has been a word often associated with Bergdahl . In June 2009 , after he was taken , CNN spoke to friends of his , including a fishing boat captain who hired Bergdahl two years earlier . Bergdahl spent 10 weeks on the vessel near Bristol Bay , Alaska , pulling in sockeye salmon for 18 to 20 hours a day . Dan Collins said it was hard , grueling work . "  But he was up to it , " Collins said . "  I am at times not the easiest guy to get along with , being a fishing boat 's captain . But I imagine I am easy compared to what he is dealing with every day now . " Now Bergdahl , 27 , is believed to held by the Taliban-aligned Haqqani network in Pakistan , the U.S. military official said . Bergdahl has been in captivity so long he has been promoted twice and is now a sergeant . In Hailey , Idaho , many residents still have yellow ribbons around trees . It was there four years ago that Sue Martin , owner of Zaney 's Coffee Shop spoke glowingly of her former barista . "  Bowe is not somebody in the corner , " she said . "  You engage , and he engages very well . " "  He captures you , " Martin said . Bergdahl was a well-rounded , well-grounded young man , people told CNN . He was a seeker , a hard worker , a man raised and home-schooled in a small town , an avid outdoorsman who did ballet . He could talk to anyone . He toured Europe before joining the Army . He also did n't care for cars , choosing to ride a bicycle to and from the odd jobs he worked to pay for his travels , friends said . And he was polite , very polite . One rainy evening the sheriff in his Idaho community stopped to offer him a ride . Bergdahl , who was drenched and walking his bike , said he would n't want to get the car wet , so no thanks . And he kept walking . "  Kind of tells you a little bit about the person , " recalled Walt Femling , who knew Bergdahl through renting him an apartment the sheriff owned . "  I do n't usually rent to 20-year-olds , " Femling said . He trusted Bergdahl . "  There 's not many young people who have the kind manners he has , " said neighbor Minna Casser . "  He 's a gentleman and a sportsman . " The Bergdahl family has n't spoken much publicly about their son . His father , Robert Bergdahl , posted a YouTube video in May 2011 and a year later he spoke at a Memorial Day event in Washington that was attended by more than 100,000 people . "  Bowe , your family has not forgotten you , your hometown has not forgotten you . Your state of Idaho has not forgotten you , and thanks to all of you here today , Washington D.C. has not forgotten you , " Robert Bergdahl told a cheering crowd . "  We love you , we are proud of you . Stay strong , never give up . We pray for the day that we welcome you home , " he said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Paul Vercammen , Ashley Fantz and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Bowe Bergdahl grew up in Idaho , was home schooled He did n't like cars so he rode his bike a lot , even in poor weather Former boat captain in Alaska remembers him as good worker under tough conditions Family issues statement calling for Bergdahl to stay strong
CNN  -- A woman who claims polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs forced her as a 14-year-old to marry her 19-year-old cousin said she is not giving up , despite the Utah Supreme Court 's overturning Jeffs ' convictions and ordering a new trial . "  This is not the end , and I by no means am backing down , " Elissa Wall said after the ruling at a news conference , portions of which were posted on the website of CNN affiliate KSL-TV . Jeffs , the "  prophet " of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , or FLDS , was sentenced to two consecutive terms of five years to life after he was convicted on two counts of rape as an accomplice in September 2007 . He was accused of using his influence to force Wall to marry her cousin Allen Steed in 2001 . The Utah Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that the jury instructions in Jeffs ' 2007 trial were flawed . The first count of rape as an accomplice against Jeffs was alleged to have occurred shortly after Wall and Steed were married , when the two first had sex , the Utah Supreme Court opinion said . The second was alleged to have occurred after Jeffs refused to "  release " Wall from her marriage and told her to "  give herself to -LSB- Steed -RSB- ... mind , body and soul . " Prosecutors relied on three separate portions of the law defining the circumstances under which sex is non-consensual , the opinion said . Under those portions , the victim must express a lack of consent through words or conduct , the victim must be younger than 18 , and "  the actor " must be in a position of special trust in relation to the victim . "  Jeffs argues that the instruction erroneously focused the jury on Jeffs ' actions and position of special trust , rather than on Steed 's , for the purpose of determining whether Wall consented , " the opinion said . The justices agreed , saying in the unanimous ruling that the jurors should have been asked to consider whether Steed was in a position of special trust and whether Steed lured or induced Wall into having sex . "  The state interprets the term ` actor ' to mean the ` defendant , ' " the opinion said . "  We conclude that the state 's interpretation is erroneous . " Also , the jurors should have been instructed that in order to convict , they must find that Jeffs intended that Steed would sexually assault Wall as a result of his conduct . Wall told "  In Session " on Tuesday night that she was in "  disbelief " after hearing that the convictions were overturned . "  What I know is this : I would never have married my first husband unless Warren wanted it , " she said . "  I would never had had unwanted sex with my first husband unless Warren demanded it . The jury understood that . " She told KSL-TV that she has no regrets about her testimony in the case . "  If I had to do this again , I would n't change a thing , because I stood up for what I believe in , " Wall said Tuesday . She is now 24 and has remarried and left the FLDS . Her attorneys made her name public after the Jeffs trial , with her consent . According to KSL , she is in a witness protection program . She said she feared retribution for her testimony against Jeffs . "  He controlled thousands of people in fear for many , many years , " she said , and "  many abominable sins and many things ... have occurred to thousands of people because of his influence . " The justices sent the case back to the lower court for a new trial . Defense attorney Wally Bugden said Tuesday that he expects the Washington County , Utah , district attorney to decide quickly on whether Jeffs will be retried . Brian Filter , senior deputy attorney for Washington County , said Wednesday that the district attorney 's office is still analyzing the Supreme Court 's ruling and consulting with the victim and others involved in the case before deciding to retry Jeffs . Jeffs will be transferred , however , from the Utah State Prison just south of Salt Lake City to Washington County in southern Utah -- closer to the FLDS communities of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , Bugden said . Bugden said Tuesday that he will be requesting bail for Jeffs when a hearing is held in the lower court . But Jeffs remains under federal indictment for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution in 2006 . Federal detainers remain in place , said Melodie Rydalch , spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Utah . If Jeffs is not held on state charges , he will be taken into federal custody , she said . However , Jeffs ' biggest legal challenge still awaits him . He is awaiting trial in Texas , where he was indicted in 2008 on a felony charge of sexual assault of a child . The indictment accuses him of assaulting a child "  younger than 17 years of age and not legally married to the defendant " in January 2005 . If convicted on those charges , he could face a maximum penalty of five to 99 years or life in prison . An extradition hearing on the Texas matter was canceled Tuesday after the Utah Supreme Court ruling . But the Texas attorney general 's office began new proceedings Wednesday to extradite Jeffs , spokesman Jerry Strickland told The Dallas Morning News . Jeffs had been awaiting trial in Arizona on four charges of being an accomplice to sexual conduct with a minor . But last month , a judge dismissed those charges . The Mohave County , Arizona , prosecutor , had asked the court to throw out the charges , citing "  much more serious charges " against Jeffs in Texas and the desire of his alleged victims that he "  face these more serious charges as soon as possible . " The FLDS drew national attention when Jeffs was arrested during a routine traffic stop in August 2006 . At the time , he was on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list . The FLDS is a 10,000-member offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church , which renounced polygamy a century ago . FLDS members openly practice polygamy at the Yearning for Zion Ranch in Eldorado , Texas , and the two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona state line . Critics of the sect say young girls are forced into "  spiritual " marriages with older men and are sexually abused . Sect members have denied that any sexual abuse takes place . Jeffs had led the sect since his father 's death in 2002 . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and "  In Session 's " Beth Karas contributed to this report .	Elissa Wall says she "  would n't change a thing " Warren Jeffs ' Utah convictions thrown out by state Supreme Court Report : Texas launches new efforts to extradite Jeffs Feds say they will take Jeffs into custody if he is freed on state charges
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The woman who stopped a plot by conservative activist James O'Keefe to embarrass a CNN reporter said O'Keefe 's latest statement on the matter is "  clearly not true . " In an e-mail to CNN , the former executive director of Project Veritas , Izzy Santa , wrote : "  It 's clearly a PR statement for damage control . It 's clearly not true but what can you do . " Santa was reacting to O'Keefe 's explanation of what he said would have happened on his boat in August after he agreed to meet CNN Investigative Correspondent Abbie Boudreau , who was working on a documentary about young conservative activists . The documentary , "  Right On The Edge , " which aired this past weekend , revealed that O'Keefe had planned to "  faux seduce " Boudreau by setting up the boat with hidden cameras and sexual props . The details of his plan were contained in a 13-page "  CNN Caper " document obtained by the network , which also aired a series of e-mails that O'Keefe had sent to Santa about getting Boudreau on his boat . The meeting with O'Keefe was scheduled at an address in Maryland . The location turned out to be a private home . O'Keefe 's boat was docked behind the house . In a two-sentence statement prior to the airing of the documentary , O'Keefe said he did not write the document and that he "  found certain elements highly objectionable and inappropriate , and did not consider them for one minute following it . " In a statement posted Monday on his Project Veritas website , O'Keefe again asserted he did not intend to carry out the plan as specified in the document . "  When the CNN idea was pitched to me , I 'll admit that I liked the basic absurdity of meeting Abbie Boudreau on a boat and the idea of counter-seduction satire executed in a tame , humorous , non-threatening manner , " O'Keefe 's statement said . "  After all , as all liberal reporters do , she was trying to ` seduce '  a metaphor  me so she could get more for her story . It would be fun , I thought , to turn the tables in jest . However , I was repulsed by the over-the-top language and symbolism that was suggested in the memo that was sent to me , and never considered that for a moment . " O'Keefe explained in his statement how his version of the "  CNN Caper " plan would not put Boudreau in a "  threatening situation . " "  She would have had to consent before being filmed and she was not going to be faux ` seduced ' unless she wanted to be . If a CNN reporter would be willing to engage in such a folly , it might even be more newsworthy than ` Rick Sanchezs firing .  CNN also has Elliot Spitzer on payroll . He 's done more outrageous things than anything I 've ever gotten in my in-box  . " The CNN Caper document lists Ben -LSB- Wetmore -RSB- as the author and James -LSB- O'Keefe -RSB- as the activist . Wetmore is a fellow activist and one of O'Keefe 's mentors . The plan involved getting Boudreau aboard a boat filled with sexually explicit props -- including sex toys , condoms , fuzzy handcuffs and pictures of naked women -- and then recording the session to embarrass Boudreau and CNN . The detailed document even outlined possible "  concerns " and "  potential problems " associated with the plan . "  If CNN gets advance warning and you find this out , you should simply cancel the operation , period . ... If she refuses to get on the boat , " the document states , "  Just leave . You 're in a position of strength . Make her come to you . To leave the boat kills the operation . " It also warns against "  running the operation without props and with a dirty boat . " "  In the rush to get this done , the temptation will be to skimp on the details , and that just puts two things at risk : 1  Boudreau 's confusion as to whether this is legitimate , ruining her reaction which is key to the operation , and 2  making the video that much less interesting lacking props and proper ambiance . " O'Keefe asked Boudreau to meet him in Maryland to discuss an upcoming video shoot related to her project about young conservatives . According to a phone conversation that O'Keefe taped , he wanted to have a "  face-to-face " meeting with Boudreau , and said he felt more comfortable if she were to come to the meeting alone . When Boudreau arrived , Santa told her that O'Keefe had prepared an elaborate plan to "  punk " her . CNN 's documentary revealed a series of e-mails , which appear to show O'Keefe 's intentions . In one e-mail to a colleague , written several days before Boudreau 's scheduled meeting with O'Keefe , he forwarded an audio recording from the phone conversation he taped without Boudreau 's knowledge . O'Keefe wrote : "  Getting closer . Audio attached of conversation with Abbie . What do you think of her reaction guys ... Ben , you think I could get her on the boat ? " In a different e-mail to Santa , O'Keefe gives her specific instructions to help him prepare for the meeting . "  Please go to fedex and print out pleasure palace graphic on large banner , " O'Keefe wrote , "  needs to be ready by late tonight -- if possible ... " Those emails contradict O'Keefe 's latest statement , in which he says he did not implement plans detailed in the document . "  I do believe that Izzy Santa , who came to Ms. Boudreau with the documents and the story , was simply trying to protect me and the organization from a dangerous and objectionable plan , one sent to me in my personal emails that she assumed , wrongly , and probably due to my own lack of communication to her , that I was going to implement , " O'Keefe wrote in his statement . "  Nothing in the document was implemented . " In a statement released through CNN , Boudreau said , "  I am not interested in debating James O'Keefe about what his plans were for me on his boat . His statement reinforces what we reported in our documentary . " The other part of the CNN Caper document explained how to trick CNN into reporting a false story about the Tea Party or Sarah Palin . The plan involved U.S. Rep. John Lewis . "  Certain past topics , such as the war or terrorism , seem to be relatively off the radar as it regards to the news interest of the mainstream media , " the document states . "  Things that are on politics , the GOP , scandal , race issues , are all pertinent and relevant . " "  If we were to offer CNN evidence of racism , playing on these currently relevant issues , and produced enough supporting evidence to prove the claim we make , have them write a story and then prepare our allies to pounce , it could be a good way to undercut their credibility , " the document reads . It suggested creating false evidence and documents . "  The false video evidence , for one , could be focused on the incident with Congressman John Lewis where he said he was called a n ----- by tea party protesters , even though the video evidence disproved his claim ... Spoofing video evidence proving Lewis ' claim , along with a good story that the tea party had suppressed such evidence , might be enough for CNN to report on the story . " "  The video evidence just needs to be simple , just Lewis walking by with a faint n ----- said in the background , yelled by someone there . The video evidence would need to be sufficient to get by potential fact-checkers at CNN who might analyze the video and audio . " The document states that "  the danger is , of course , that the lie becomes the official truth , and so it would be necessary to immediately deconstruct this story on friendly networks and media outlets . The goal is n't to draw out the scandal after all , rather just to embarrass CNN by having them report a false story . So immediately reporting on the falseness of the story would be key . " O'Keefe 's statement did not address this part of the "  punk . " "  I can assure my supporters and my misguided adversaries that Project Veritas will continue to work to produce the investigative reports that CNN and others in the mainstream media have failed to deliver . It 's time to get back to work . Projects will be released soon . That inbox is getting full again . "  And you never know what bizarre idea I 'm going to need to reject next ... " O'Keefe concluded .	Santa says O'Keefe 's claims that he never considered carrying out the plan are untrue The document said O'Keefe would "  faux seduce " CNN reporter O'Keefe said he rejected the ideas in the document
CNN  -- Hello Kitty fans might be the world 's most spoiled travelers as the tourism industry seems determined to build a complete service chain out of that five-apple-tall bobtail cat . Taiwan 's Eva Air flies a fleet of five Hello Kitty airplanes . Dubai houses a posh Hello Kitty spa . Anji , a county some 220 kilometers southwest of Shanghai , is building a $ 200 million Hello Kitty theme park  scheduled to open in 2014  . And in Beijing , a Hello Kitty-themed restaurant is creating a lot of buzz . ` Couples come here to propose ' Located in an upmarket shopping mall in Sanlitun , Hello Kitty Dreams opened its doors to much fanfare in December last year . According to the restaurant 's staff , the Sanrio-licensed business is the first Hello Kitty-themed restaurant in Asia . "  When we first opened you had to book days in advance , " says restaurant manager Ted Chen . "  We were packed from when we opened at 11 a.m. everyday . " 7 places to find gratitude and serenity Couples make up a large part of the restaurant 's clientele . "  The most exciting thing is when couples come here to propose , " says Chen . "  Men think that this will be a memorable place for the proposal , and so far all the women have said yes . " Singer and actress Sarah Wang is the CEO of the restaurant . Wang , only 25 , said in an earlier interview that Hello Kitty Dreams is targeting female customers ages 15 to 35 . Cuteness overcharge The restaurant seats approximately 70 people and is bursting with Hello Kitty paraphernalia . There is a Hello Kitty sink and mirror , pink cat-shaped dining booths , and toys are arranged on every surface with a huge , multi-tiered pyramid of stuffed animals at the restaurant 's entrance . Waiter Wang Bing has been working at the restaurant since its grand opening . "  I had other options for work , but I chose this job because I find Hello Kitty really interesting , " he says . "  My friends do n't think it 's weird that I 'm a guy and work here . They know it 's just my job . " Submit your own travel photos to CNN One of the diners at the restaurant is Cao Ning , a 36-year-old male international trade manager . "  I take my female colleagues here for lunch sometimes because I know they grew up with Hello Kitty and still enjoy it , " he says . It looks like he 's right : His three female fellow diners , in their 20s , collapse into fits of child-like giggles , admitting they still buy Hello Kitty souvenirs , such as mobile phone cases and cosmetic bags . The food The menu at the Hello Kitty restaurant is an eclectic mix of both Asian and Western fare , featuring roasted meats , soups , salads , sandwiches , pizzas , pastas , fried rice and curries . One waiter recommends the cheese baked chicken chop with sides of pasta , French fries , and vegetables molded in the shape of Kitty 's face . But it 's a disappointment -- the chicken is gray and stringy , the cheese solidified , and tepid spaghetti sauce tastes like it 's straight from a can . Eat like a local : Share your picks Secured with cute Hello Kitty toothpicks , the mini burgers are n't much better , with stale buns and a selection of four bland fillings -- beef , chicken , fish , and tomato and mozzarella . The Hello Kitty Homemade Ice Cream , on the other hand , provides a tasty end to an otherwise terrible meal . A concoction of fluorescent fruit loops and layers of whipped cream , the ice cream is creamy , refreshing , and actually tastes homemade . The pink-overload restaurant is extremely popular with families , with plenty of toys for sale and an arts and crafts section full of kids . When 6-year-old girl Jiang Yichen is asked if she has been excited to come , her mother sheepishly admits that it was her idea to bring the family for lunch as she is quite the Hello Kitty fan herself . Who 's been to Hello Kitty Dreams and who wants to go ?	Hello Kitty 's likeness decorates most surfaces , down to carrots imprinted with her face The restaurant is a popular place for men to propose , and so far , all the women have said yes It appears Hello Kitty fans do n't come for the food
CNN  -- Police in New York have arrested a man in connection with a weekend shooting at a Brooklyn house party that left nine people hospitalized . Tyrone Brown , 24 , was charged with attempted murder , assault , criminal possession of a weapon and reckless endangerment , police said Tuesday . The shooting started early Sunday in the East Flatbush neighborhood , police said . A neighbor told CNN affiliate WCBS that she heard gunshots . Four men and five women , all younger than 45 , were injured and taken to four hospitals . The injuries were not life-threatening , New York Police Department Officer Sophia Tassy-Mason said . The neighborhood at East 52nd Street is a mix of residential and commercial buildings , she said . According to NYPD statistics , there have been 21 shooting incidents reported in the area this year . CNN 's Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	Police arrest a man in connection with the shooting Tyrone Brown is charged with attempted murder Four men and five women were injured in the Brooklyn shooting early Sunday
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A desperate Zimbabwean farmer fighting to hold onto his land -- a year after the country 's political rivals pledged to govern jointly -- fears he will eventually lose to politics and violence . Ben Freeth 's farm was gutted by fire , as was his father-in-law 's . The power-sharing agreement included an undertaking by both parties to ensure property rights are upheld but farm attacks and invasions continue unabated in Zimbabwe . Charles Lock is one of an estimated 400 farmers who have remained in the country despite President Robert Mugabe 's policy of redistributing white-owned farms to landless blacks . "  Why do they want to remove me when I 've complied with everything they want ? What more do they want other than for me to pack my bags and leave and if that 's the case , then admit that that is the policy . Pass a law : no whites are allowed to farm . Then it makes it clear , " Lock said . Since 2000 , Mugabe 's controversial land reform program has driven more than 4,000 commercial farmers off their land , destroying Zimbabwe 's once prosperous agricultural sector . "  When the land reform program began , we decided we were not going to have a confrontational attitude ; that we would actually go along with this program because it was the only way that this whole thing would be sorted out . So I voluntarily gave away my own farm and moved onto my father-in-law 's farm , " Lock said . That was in 2002 . A year later the government came knocking on his door again , he said , demanding more land . Lock told CNN he eventually gave up 70 percent of his father-in-law 's farm , which he then owned . Now an army general is demanding Lock 's remaining 30 percent . When Zimbabwe 's new unity government was formed -- with Mugabe 's ZANU-PF and Morgan Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change -- in February this year , the general allegedly posted soldiers on Lock 's farm . The farmer said he stopped farming and trade at gun point . When CNN visited Lock 's farm this month , workers were standing idle . Maize and tobacco , which Lock said is worth more than U.S. $ 1 million , lay in storage . "  They 've switched off our irrigation system , taken out keys and stop our trucks if we want to deliver maize , " he told CNN . So Lock had to sneak into his own property like a thief by cutting open the gate leading to his store room . He took a few valuables from his workshop suspecting that his whole place will soon be looted . With the formation of a unity government farmers were hoping for some protection but Lock said : "  Nothing is happening here . There is no land audit happening , no one comes out here to check , to see . We are just left vulnerable . " On another farm , Ben Freeth 's fight for his land has just escalated to another level . Freeth has been repeatedly beaten , arrested and harassed . Now his farmhouse and that of his father-in-law have been gutted by a mysterious fire . See the destruction the fire caused Freeth could not say for sure that this is arson but told CNN that the group of ZANU-PF youths who have occupied his farm have repeatedly threatened to burn his house . "  One time they came round with burning sacks at night and they started making a huge noise and ringing a great big bell and shouting and screaming . They were going underneath the thatch saying we are going to burn your house down if you do n't get out , " he said . Freeth and his father-in-law Mike Campbell are among a group of Zimbabwean farmers who won the right to remain on their land at a southern African tribunal . But Mugabe has declared the ruling null and void and pulled out of the tribunal . Farmers can not contest land issues in Zimbabwe and approaching international courts has thus far not worked either . When CNN interviewed Mugabe 's minister of state , Didymas Mutasa , about the disregard for human and property rights on the farms , he blamed the farmers for the violence , saying landless blacks are getting frustrated with their refusal to relinquish their land . "  Human rights are beginning to be seen now because they benefit the whites , and when they were affecting blacks badly as they did the likes of us , it did n't matter and nobody raised anything about those human rights . "  And sometimes we say , good heavens , if that is the kind of human rights you are talking about , you better keep them away from us ; we do n't want to see them , " he told CNN . But it is black farm workers who are caught in the cross fire . They continue to bear the brunt of the land reform program by repeatedly being beaten and intimidated . Some have even been killed . Tractor driver William Kale said it is farm laborers working for white farmers who are targeted . "  They actually say you the workers , you are ones that are supporting the white farmer . That is why he is carrying on farming and we refuse to go because we have nowhere to go , " Kale told CNN . Many farmers and farm workers we spoke to say they are in a worse position now under the unity government than they were before . Lock said : "  When ZANU-PF was in power , you had hawks and doves in government and the doves were approachable and often helped us . But now that these positions are being shared with Mr. Tsvangirai 's MDC , Mr. Mugabe has only appointed hawks to his cabinet who insist on continuing the land reform program . And when it comes to the MDC , the land issue seems to be a hot potato they do not want to touch . I have asked Mr. Tsvangirai to intervene but nothing is happening . " Prime Minister Tsvangirai refuted that . "  That is not true , " he said . "  We initiated to find out who is being affected , the few remaining white farmers . Let 's be frank here , we are talking of farmers as being white , but to me any destruction of farm production affects the whole viability of agriculture . There should be no disruption of any farm activity . " To those under siege these words are little comfort as they continue to fight a battle they are unlikely to win .	Zimbabwe white farmers battle continuing policy of land redistribution One farmer shows CNN his fire-destroyed farmhouse Controversial policy gives white-owned farms to landless blacks Since 2000 , more than 4,000 commercial farmers driven off their land
CNN  -- How can it be that we are firmly into the 21st century and reading claims that birth control pills can cause prostate cancer and abort babies ? Or , my personal favorite , that a woman can be considered pregnant before her egg unites with a sperm ? Such falsehoods are being touted not by yahoos but by educated conservatives who , in growing numbers , choose to ignore what science tells them . According to a paper in a recent American Sociological Review , conservatives with at least a bachelor 's degree have , over the last several decades , lost their faith in science to an amazing degree . Although the paper does n't cite advances in contraception specifically , they are clearly one victim of this disaffection . Our country 's top health agency , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , counts contraception as one of the 10 greatest health achievements of the 20th century . Yet recently : -- A state legislator from New Hampshire , opposed to insurance companies being required to pay for birth control , called attention to a report suggesting that birth control pills cause prostate cancer .  Certain drugs in those pills become waste and eventually pass into the environment , according to the report , exposing men to carcinogens . The representative based her statement on findings that originally appeared in the British Medical Journal , findings that one author of the study later characterized as only a hypothesis , and were seriously questioned in a subsequent BMJ article . -- Some members of Congress , in their attempt to derail legislation requiring insurers , including the insurers of some religious organizations , to cover birth control , falsely argued that Plan B , the "  morning after " pill taken after sex in order to avoid pregnancy , causes abortions . It does not , nor do other methods of contraception , James N. Martin , Jr. , president of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , pointed out in a letter to the editor in USA Today . "  The definition of contraception is to prevent pregnancy , which occurs at implantation , " he wrote . The morning-after pill is often confused with another drug , RU-486 , which , he said , does induce abortion and is therefore not considered contraception . -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed into law a bill prohibiting abortions that occur 20 weeks after a woman 's last period begins .  This is in contrast to starting the 20-week count about two weeks later , when fertilization likely occurs .  As Amanda Marcotte notes in RH Reality Check , Arizona conservatives , in effect , said that women could be pregnant before egg and sperm unite . Apparently they were dozing off during ninth-grade biology . Not all political conservatives are Flat Earthers , of course . But there are proportionately more of them than there used to be , according to the Review article . For that piece , Gordon Gauchat , a postdoctoral fellow at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill , analyzed information from the General Social Survey , conducted every year since 1972 by the National Opinion Research Center  NORC  at the University of Chicago . He found that in 1974 , the year Republican Gerald Ford became president , 48 % of conservatives trusted science , a higher proportion , interestingly , than found among liberals or moderates . By 2010 , however , that number had fallen to 34 % , while the degree of trust among moderates and liberals remained stable . Of particular note : Confidence dropped among conservatives who held bachelor 's degrees , not those who only finished high school . Gauchat theorized that because educated conservatives are more politically engaged than other voting blocs , they are more likely to seek information that conforms to their ideology . As the Los Angeles Times , writing about Gauchat 's work , pointed out , some of them have big money to spend spreading their ideas . "  Right-wing think tanks , funded by corporate interests to undermine the scientific consensus on such expensive-to-fix phenomena as climate change , have proliferated , as have conservative cable-TV networks , blogs and radio talk shows , " the Times noted . "  These outlets are talking to a well-educated audience . And they 're presenting a very one-sided view of scientific issues . " Gauchat also wrote about the influence of the religious right , "  which rejects scientific contradictions of religious teachings on such issues as evolution and stem-cell research , and the growing use of science to inform public policy in such areas as environmental protection . " "  Conservatives , ever wary of government interference with the free market , started to resent the scientists . ... Rather than debate remedies , they have turned on science itself . ...  They  really have their own subculture , complete with ontological claims about what the world is about . " Here 's what the world is really about when it comes to using birth control : Women , notably millennials , the largest generation ever , are pursuing higher education , jobs and careers , having sex and bearing children , all according to a timetable that works best for them , their partners and their babies . They could n't do this if birth control was n't accessible , affordable and safe . Demonizing it amounts to telling these women to throw out their briefcases and take up their vacuum cleaners . Conservative opposition to contraception has a last-gasp ring to it , and most Americans know that . One indication is a poll recently published by the Public Religion Research Institute , a think tank supported by a broad spectrum of scientists and religious experts . The poll showed a majority of Americans , including a majority of Catholics , believe that most employers should be required to provide their employees with health care plans that cover contraception at no cost . Another sign of change is the perceptible ease with which young men talk about and support contraception , including methods being developed for them . Nick Halzack , a 23-year-old policy intern working in Washington , says he looks forward to the day when male birth control , in various testing stages around the country , goes on the market . "  My generation has always had contraception , " he says . "  It was a part of our sex education and is a part of our relationships . We are just beginning to get engaged in the politics , and the fight against it is a losing battle . " The opinions used in this commentary are solely those of Laura Sessions Stepp .	Laura Stepp : Conservatives are choosing to ignore science Stepp : Some myths : Contraception causes abortion and prostate cancer They reject scientific contradictions of their religious teachings , she says Stepp : Opposition to birth control is a losing battle as new generation grows up
CNN  -- A woman , her face a mask of concentration , hefts a huge sheet of translucent dough into the air as sunlight and steam fill the air . This atmospheric moment , captured in a village in Vietnam by British photographer Tessa Bunney , was awarded the prize for best food photography this week in a competition that attracted more than 6,000 images from around the world . The Pink Lady Food Photographer of the Year competition showcased dozens of entries that showed that some travel photos offer a feast for the stomach as well as the eyes . Among others shortlisted was another image from Vietnam by Australian photographer Tuan Nguyen , showing two women preparing food for the annual Tet feast celebrating lunar new year . Another , by Jonathan Gregson , showed steam rising as a worker roasts coffee beans in Rwanda -- a photograph you can almost smell as well as see . Bunney , who is based in Laos , picked up $ 8,400 for her noodle-making image . The photographer captured the image while spending six months living with a family in Hanoi as she documented "  craft villages " -- centuries-old communities dedicated to the manufacture of one product , such as pottery or silk . Slash and burn landscapes It shows a woman in the noodle-making center of Huu Tu , a village close to the center of the Vietnamese capital that Bunney says has become badly polluted due to industrialization , even though some still make the noodles by hand . "  The job she was doing was really repetitive , she did it day after day , for hours on end , " she told CNN . " Her mom was there feeding her rice as she worked so she did n't have to stop to eat -- so she could keep on going as long as possible . "  Every village was the same , they worked really long hours for not very much money . " Bunney said the mien noodles in the image were made from root flour which is formed on large hotplates into the heavy pancake seen in her photo . Before it dries completely , it is cut into strips -- just one of many ways in which noodles are made in the village . Bunney says her food photography comes from a wider interest in landscape documentation . "  I 'm really interested in agriculture and the different landscapes that come from different farming methods . "  I 'm living in Laos at the moment and there 's been a lot of slash-and-burn farming for rice in the lowlands . I 'm really interested in the details -- how the landscape makes people farm in different ways . " ` Politics of food ' In Cairo , Italian photographer Sandro Maddalena visited the trash piles of the Egyptian capital 's Garbage City -- a slum settlement where mainly Coptic Christians subsist by recycling refuse . His image , which shows dirt-blackened pigs in a sty surrounded by garbage , was presented a "  politics of food " award for showing the realities of food production . "  The competition was intensely fierce , " said Andy Macdonald , managing director of competition sponsor Coregeo , a UK-based produce brand marketing company . "  There were 6,000 images entered internationally and the standard was phenomenal . "  Tessa 's image stood out from the rest , however , for its beautiful composition , the expression of utter absorption on its subject 's face , and the capture of a perfect moment in time as the noodle dough flies through the air . "	Images of from around the word celebrated in Pink Lady food photography awards Winning shot depicts a Vietnamese woman tossing noodles into the air Other entries show scenes from France , Chile , Rwanda and Egypt
CNN  -- A new study on healthy women with genetic mutations that sharply increase the risk of breast and ovarian cancer supports the old adage : An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . The report , published online Monday in the Journal of Clinical Oncology , studied nearly 5,800 women with specific genetic mutations called BRCA1 and BRCA2 . Researchers found that women with BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations who protectively had their ovaries removed reduced their risk of ovarian , fallopian tube , or peritoneal cancer by 80 % , and their overall risk of death by 77 % . BRCA stands for breast cancer susceptibility genes , a class of genes known as tumor suppressors . Mutations of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes have been linked to hereditary breast and ovarian cancer . According to Monday 's study , women with BRCA1 mutations should have preventive ovarian surgery -- known as prophylactic oophorectomy -- by age 35 , as waiting appears to increase the risk of ovarian cancer . In contrast , women with BRCA2 mutations can safely delay surgery until their 40s , the study suggests , as their risk of ovarian cancer is not as strong . The new research provides doctors with additional information to support the risk-reducing surgery , said ovarian cancer expert Dr. Shannon Westin . Removing the ovaries in these patients "  provides more benefits than just the reduction in ovarian cancer because this study shows there 's a survival benefit that has not been shown this clearly before , " she said . 7 questions on cancer gene testing Westin is an assistant professor in the Department of Gynecologic Oncology and Reproductive Medicine at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston . She was not involved in the study . According to the American Cancer Society , previous studies have shown that removing the ovaries of a premenopausal woman with BRCA mutations can reduce the risk of ovarian cancer by 85 % to 95 % , and the risk of breast cancer is cut by 50 % to 60 % . But Monday 's study is the first study to show an overall mortality reduction benefit . "  To me , waiting to have oophorectomy until after 35 is too much of a chance to take , " said Steven Narod , professor of medicine at the University of Toronto in Canada , and the study 's lead author . "  These data are so striking that we believe prophylactic oophorectomy by age 35 should become a universal standard for women with BRCA1 mutations . " BRCA mutations grabbed national headlines last year when actress Angelina Jolie announced she carries a mutation of the BRCA1 gene and had underwent a preventive double mastectomy at age 37 to reduce her risk of breast caner . Jolie 's mother , actress and producer Marcheline Bertrand , died of ovarian cancer in 2007 at the age of 56 . "  My doctors estimated that I had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer , although the risk is different in the case of each woman , " Jolie wrote in a New York Times op-ed article in May . "  Once I knew that this was my reality , I decided to be proactive and to minimize the risk as much I could , " she said . "  I started with the breasts , as my risk of breast cancer is higher than my risk of ovarian cancer , and the surgery is more complex . " Dr. Agustin Garcia , an associate professor of Clinical Medicine at Keck Medicine of University of Southern California , said another important aspect of the study is how it breaks down the differences researchers saw between BRCA1 and BRCA 2 carriers . "  In most of the guidelines , we do n't distinguish between the two , but this study separated the two groups for potential age for prophylactic oophorectomy , " said Garcia , who was not involved in the research . He said the study tells women with the BRCA2 mutation they can probably wait until they are 50 to have their ovaries and fallopian tubes removed . "  These results could make a real difference for women with BRCA mutations , who face tough decisions about whether and when to undergo a prophylactic oophorectomy , " Don Dizon , a member of the cancer communications committee at the American Society of Clinical Oncology , said in a statement . "  Importantly , for women who will be undergoing this surgery early in life , it 's reassuring to see that it carries long-lasting benefits , substantially reducing ovarian cancer risk as well as total mortality risk , " he added . Why more women are choosing double mastectomies CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	BRCA stands for breast cancer susceptibility genes Angelina Jolie put BRCA mutations in headlines last year The study was published by the Journal of Clinical Oncology
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Civilian deaths in Afghanistan have risen sharply in the past year , largely due to more Taliban attacks and roadside bombings , U.N. officials said Sunday . NATO soldiers sit in their vehicle in an Afghan province freed from Taliban forces . Afghan civilian deaths jumped from 430 in the first six months of 2007 to 698 so far this year , an increase of 60 percent , said John Holmes , the United Nations undersecretary-general for humanitarian affairs . "  It is clear that the international military forces are making every effort to minimize civilian casualties , " Holmes said . "  Nevertheless , these problems are still there , and we need to deal with them and make sure that the safety of civilians comes first and international humanitarian law is respected , " he said . Taliban insurgents forces have shifted from direct attacks on international troops toward the use of "  civilian-blind " measures such as roadside bombings and suicide attacks , said Aleem Siddique , a spokesman for the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan . At the same time , he said , civilian deaths blamed on government forces and U.S. and NATO troops has declined in the first six months of 2008 , largely due to pressure from Afghan President Hamid Karzai . About 60 percent of civilian deaths in 2008 are blamed on anti-government forces , up from less than half in 2007 . Increased Taliban attacks on aid projects also have left 78 of Afghanistan 's 398 districts off-limits to relief workers , Siddique said . "  Increasingly , we 're seeing targets of schools , of radio stations , of health clinics -- all in an effort to halt progress and keep people in fear , " he said . A total of 565 aid convoys came under attack in 2007 , with hundreds of tons of food hijacked . As recently as Sunday , a convoy of 100 tons of food aid came under attack outside Kandahar , with several trucks burned and looted , he said . "  Thankfully , we 're not getting any report of death or injuries , " he said . Afghanistan is the original front in the "  war on terrorism , " which was launched after al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . A U.S.-led invasion after the attacks pushed out the Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory , but the Islamic fundamentalist militia has regrouped along and across the mountainous border with Pakistan . Coinciding with the rise in civilian deaths in 2008 is an increase in attacks on American and allied forces , which are up 40 percent since last year The death toll of U.S. and allied troops in Afghanistan in June also climbed to more than 40 , making it the deadliest month since the war began . An explosion in southern Afghanistan killed a British soldier serving with NATO on Saturday , the British Defense Ministry said Sunday . The soldier died when he was struck by a mine in Lashkar Gah , the capital city of Helmand province , the ministry said . He and his unit were investigating a report of a rocket-propelled grenade attack on a civilian aircraft at a nearby airfield , it said . "  When investigating this , they dismounted their vehicles and what is believed to have been a legacy anti-Personnel mine detonated , killing the soldier instantly , " the ministry statement said . Most of the soldiers serving in Helmand are British . Helmand province is Afghanistan 's top poppy-producing region and a major front in the war against the Taliban . Provincial authorities there have blamed militants for a spate of recent deadly attacks . NATO and Afghan force operations kept the insurgency down in 2007 by killing or capturing key leaders and clearing out Taliban safe havens , but a Pentagon report issued last week predicted the Taliban would be back in 2008 .	NEW : Afghan civilian deaths up 60 percent from last year , U.N. says NEW : Increase attributed to intensifying Taliban attacks , roadside bombs Troop deaths also up from 2007 as June marks deadliest month since war began British NATO soldier dies in mine explosion in Helmand province
CNN  -- The deaths of more than 70 football fans shortly after a match between Cairo 's Al Ahly club and the Al Masry club in Port Said , Egypt , shocked the world . More than 1,000 more were injured in scenes that will leave an indelible mark on post-revolution Egypt -- because in Egypt soccer matters perhaps more than anywhere . Passions have always run high in Egyptian football . The Cairo derby between Al Ahly and their rivals Zamalek is the biggest football match in Africa , and has to be held at a neutral venue , usually with a neutral foreign referee , to combat a history of enmity and violence . Egypt in mourning as death toll rises In 2009 , a World Cup qualifier between Egypt and Algeria sparked riots in Cairo , Algiers and beyond . But domestic football has also been on the frontline during the revolution that toppled former president Hosni Mubarak last year . For the past five years , highly organized and anti-authoritarian fan groups of "  Ultras , " especially from Al Ahly and Zamalek , have been in conflict with the police at football grounds , objecting to the heavy handed treatment meted out to them by Mubarak 's forces . In a country that had little public space , there were two forums for dissent : the mosque and the football stadium . "  The whole concept of any independent organization did n't exist , not unions , not political parties , " explained the leader of the Al Ahly ultras last April . See high-res images of the riots "  Then we started to organize football ultras ... to them it was the youth , in big numbers -- very smart people -- who could mobilize themselves quickly . They feared us . " When the revolution began , the groups joined forces and led many of the protests in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . Some even credit the ultras with a major role in several of the key battles . But that has n't endeared them to the authorities post revolution . How football fans toppled Mubarak Since February , violence has continued to blight the game . The Egyptian Football Association even considered canceling last season 's league . Much of that was blamed on the security vacuum left when Mubarak 's hated police force melted back in to the population . Although other people -- and many within Egypt 's ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -LSB- SCAF -RSB- -- view the ultras as the problem . CNN Arabic In that context , the deaths of 79 fans -- most if not all hailing from Al Ahly -- at a football match will leave many within Egypt questioning how and why this has happened as the police watched on . SCAF has ordered the cancellation of the league as they deal with the worst civil disturbance to hit Egypt since the revolution . Al Ahly 's fans announced three days of mourning and took to the streets to protest , demanding answers . Wednesday 's tragedy will reverberate far beyond the pitch . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Montague .	Egypt 's health ministry says 79 people were killed in Wednesday 's clashes Matches between Cairo 's top clubs , Al Ahly and Zamalek , have history of violence Anti-authoritarian fan groups of "  Ultras " accused Mubarak regime of heavy handed treatment When revolution began , groups joined forces and led many of the Cairo protests
CNN  -- He played a huge part in propelling Bradley Wiggins to Tour de France glory but now Michael Rogers is in the dock on doping charges . The Australian has been provisionally suspended by the International Cycling Union  UCI  over a sample he gave at a road race in Japan back in October . Rogers , a three-time world road race champion and 2004 Olympic bronze medalist , left Team Sky for Saxo-Tinkoff prior to the start of the 2013 season . The 33-year-old 's team claimed the sample collected at the Japan Cup which contained clenbuterol -- that helps build muscle and burn fat -- came from a contaminated food source . News of Rogers ' suspension comes just a day after Team Sky rider Jonathan Tiernan-Locke was told he was facing disciplinary proceedings after analysis of his biological passport showed an anti-doping violation . A statement issued by the UCI read : "  The UCI advised Australian rider Michael Rogers that he is provisionally suspended . "  The decision was made in response to a report from the WADA-accredited laboratory in Tokyo indicating an adverse analytical finding of clenbuterol in a urine sample collected from him in a test during the Japan Cup Cycle Road Race on 20 October 2013 . "  The provisional suspension of Mr. Michael Rogers remains in force until a hearing panel convened by his national federation determines whether he has committed an anti-doping rule violation under Article 21 of the UCI Anti-Doping Rules . " "  Mr. Rogers has the right to request and attend the analysis of his B sample . " Rogers was a key member of the group that led Wiggins to his maiden Tour de France win in 2012 -- the first ever by a British cyclist . He has been professional since 2001 and landed a bronze medal in the time trial at the Athens Olympics of 2004 when Tyler Hamilton was disqualified . Rogers is a teammate of Alberto Contador at Danish outfit Saxo-Tinkoff . The Spaniard was stripped of his 2010 Tour de France title after testing positive for clenbuterol . Contador fought the ban and took his case to the Court for Arbitration in Sport but failed to overturn his disqualification from the 2010 Tour and a two-year backdated ban . A statement released by Saxo-Tinkoff on Wednesday read : "  Michael Rogers immediately informed Saxo-Tinkoff 's management about the notification from the UCI . "  The Australian explained to the team management that he never ingested the substance knowingly nor deliberately and fears that the adverse analytical finding origins from a contaminated food source . " On Tuesday the UCI said British rider Tiernan-Locke , who won the 2012 Tour of Britain , would now be subject to disciplinary proceedings from his national federation after an issue with his biological passport . The 28-year-old vehemently denies any wrong doing while Team Sky said they understood "  the violation was highlighted by an anomaly in his Biological Passport , in a reading taken before he signed for this team . "	Australian cyclist Michael Rogers provisionally suspended by UCI on doping charges The 33-year-old Saxo-Tinkoff rider has three world time trial titles to his name Rogers is formerly of Team Sky and was a part of Bradley Wiggins ' Tour de France win Team Sky Jonathan Tiernan-Locke faces disciplinary proceedings on doping charges
CNN  -- Will the Hollywood Bowl take the throne ? Or will the fans of the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis turn out to worship their porcelain gods ? Or perhaps the Vanity Nightclub in Las Vegas will win for its fancified facilities . When you got ta go , these are the restrooms you 're looking for . These locales are among the public restroom facilities nominated for the 11th Annual Cintas ' America 's Best Restroom awards . Other nominees include Gitane Restaurant in San Francisco ; Mie N Yu Restaurant in Washington ; Radisson Blu Aqua Hotel in Chicago ; Da Marino Ristorante Italiano in New York ; Buc-ee 's in New Braunfels , Texas ; and Lane Stadium/Worsham Field at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg , Virginia . 10 of America 's best historic restaurants The nominees were flushed out by a team of survey editors , who narrowed public submissions down to the top 10 based on cleanliness , visuals , innovation , function and design . The contest is open to any non-residential restroom accessible to the general public . Cintas sells hygiene products and services to businesses that cater to the public including restaurants , airports and hotels . "  If a company takes care of its restrooms , that 's great for Cintas but it 's also a benefit to the organization because consumers judge the places they frequent based on such factors as the cleanliness of their restrooms , " writes Sabrina Zimring , Survey Editor of Cintas ' America 's Best Restroom Contest , in an e-mail . While Buc-ee 's and Radisson are Cintas customers , the company says that does n't have any impact on the results : Members of the general public vote for the finalists online and determine the winner by popular vote . World 's wildest water slides Take a tour of the finalists through our gallery above or go to the contest site for a photographic tour to choose your King of the Throne . The Field Museum in Chicago , which was last year 's top loo , may be hard to top . The museum boasts ground floor men 's and women 's bathrooms that are connected by a family restroom , accessible to both male and female visitors . There are changing tables in bathrooms for both men and women and smaller toilets and sinks for younger visitors . And there are even museum displays for people wanting to linger in the bathrooms . "  People come in for our dinosaurs , mummies and gems , and last year , they were coming here for our bathrooms , " says Field Museum spokeswoman Emily Waldren , who reports that a plaque describing the award has been discreetly placed outside the ground floor bathroom . "  I hear people walk by and say , ` These are the best restrooms in America . ' " Vote for your favorite U.S. facility through October 26 and make nominations for next year 's contest . There 's also a Canadian contest for residents to vote for the best "  toilette " in all of Canada for the third year running . The Toronto restaurant e11even took the top toilet award last year , while the Cactus Club Cafe in Vancouver won in 2010 . Whose facilities would you nominate as top toilet ?	When you got ta go , these are the toilets you 're looking for across the country The Field Museum in Chicago was named winner last year A clean bathroom can influence a customer 's opinion of a business
The first commercial supply mission by Orbital Sciences Corp. 's unmanned Cygnus spacecraft has docked at the International Space Station , NASA said Sunday . Crew members on the ISS will open the hatch Monday and unload 2,780 pounds of supplies and experiments , the news release said . With the mission , Orbital officially joins SpaceX as a resupply carrier to the space station . Orbital successfully tested a spacecraft with a smaller payload in mid-September . "  From the men and women involved in the design , integration and test , to those who launched the Antares  rocket  and operated the Cygnus , our whole team has performed at a very high level for our NASA customer , and I am very proud of their extraordinary efforts , " said David W. Thompson , president and chief executive officer of Orbital , in a written statement from the company . The experiments sent up to the six ISS crew members include one that will study how different fuel samples burn in microgravity , which could help designers select future spacecraft materials . The ship took off from NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in eastern Virginia on Thursday aboard an Antares rocket . A previous attempt at launch was scrubbed in December because the ISS crew needed time to conduct spacewalks for repairs . It took two hours Sunday morning for the crew to grab the spaceship and attach it to the ISS . The Cygnus craft will be berthed for 37 days before being loaded with trash and sent back to Earth , Orbital said . It will burn up during re-entry over the Pacific Ocean , officials said . Orbital has a $ 1.9 billion contract with NASA to make eight flights to the space station under the space agency 's commercial supply program . NASA hired Orbital and SpaceX to start making cargo runs to the space station after retiring its fleet of space shuttles and turning much of its focus toward exploring deep into the solar system . SpaceX has so far made two of its 12 scheduled flights to the ISS under a $ 1.6 billion contract . According to NASA 's 2014 launch calendar , its next flight is due to launch on February 22 from Cape Canaveral in Florida . Orbital 's next mission is scheduled for May 1 .	The mission is the first for one of two private companies involved in carrying frieght to the ISS This ship will be loaded with trash and sent toward Earth , where it 'll burn up on re-entry The trip is part of a $ 1.9 billion contract Next up will be a SpaceX mission in late February
CNN  -- The next time you see a motorist obliviously straddling two lanes , do n't fault bad driving , but genetics . In a study published recently in the journal Cerebral Cortex , researcher Steven Cramer found that people with a certain gene variant performed more than 30 percent worse on a driving test than people without it . The study by Cramer , a neurology professor at the University of California Irvine , might also help explain why there are so many bad drivers on U.S. highways : About 30 percent of Americans have the variant . Ordinarily , when a person performs a task , a protein called brain-derived neurotrophic factor  BDNF  is secreted to the area of the brain that is associated with that activity . The protein helps facilitate communication among brain cells and helps retain memory . However in people who have the gene variation that Cramer studied , BDNF secretion is limited . "  These people make more errors from the get-go , and they forget more of what they learned after time away , " Cramer said in a statement . Cramer and his team of researchers set out to find how the variant affected driving . They recruited 29 people to drive 15 laps on a simulated course with difficult curves and turns . Twenty-two of the participants did not have the gene variant ; seven did . The researchers wanted to see how effectively the participants learned to navigate the twists and turns in each subsequent lap . Four days later , they repeated the test . The participants with the variant did worse both times . They also retained less the second go-round . "  I 'd be curious to know the genetics of people who get into car crashes , " Cramer said . "  I wonder if the accident rate is higher for drivers with the variant . " Unfortunately , a test to determine whether someone has the gene variant is not commercially available .	Study finds bad driving may have genetic basis People with certain gene variant performed worse on driving test that those without it Nearly 30 percent of Americans have variant , according to study
CNN  -- The president of Guinea-Bissau was assassinated Monday morning , a day after an explosion killed the head of the West African country 's military , the prime minister said . Circumstances of Joao Bernardo Vieira 's death are unclear . It was not immediately clear how President Joao Bernardo Vieira , 69 , died . Prime Minister Carlos Gomes confirmed the death to CNN . Early Monday , gunfire and rocket explosions that lasted for about an hour were heard near the presidential palace in the capital , Bissau , according to local media . Looting was later reported at the presidential palace . Army spokesman Zamora Induta said an aide to the president was killed during the gunfire . He added that the gunmen remained at-large and that a 10-member-commission will manage the army until a new chief of staff is named . The army , he said , will remain neutral . Gen. Tagme Na Waie , chief of Guinea-Bissau 's military , was killed in a bomb explosion in his office Sunday , according to local news reports . Five other high-ranking military officials were wounded , two of them critically . After the attack , all local radio stations were ordered to immediately suspend their programs . The United Nations said U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed dismay over the killings . "  The secretary-general strongly condemns these violent acts , which have occurred soon after successful legislative elections which paved the way for enhanced U.N. support to the country 's peace-building efforts , " the statement said . "  The secretary-general calls urgently for calm and restraint , and urges the national authorities of Guinea-Bissau to fully investigate these assassinations and bring to justice those responsible for them . " The British government issued a statement advising against "  all but essential travel " to the country . Na Waie 's predecessor also was assassinated . Soldiers shot and killed Gen. Verissimo Correia Seabra in October 2004 . Guinea-Bissau , a former Portuguese colony , has a history of military coups . Monday 's development is the latest violence over four months as the army and Guinea-Bissau 's president have clashed . See location map of Guinea-Bissau " The tiny west African country , located between Guinea and Senegal , has a population of 1.5 million and is considered one of the five poorest countries in the world , according to the CIA Factbook . The country has been in a near-constant state of political upheaval since independence from Portugal in 1974 . In 1980 , Vieira became president after a military coup . He was accused of purging political rivals and suppressing dissent , but several coup attempts throughout the 1980s and early 1990s failed to unseat him . In 1994 , the country held its first free elections , and Vieira was elected president . He held the post for five years , until a military mutiny ousted him , and the country plunged into civil war . Successor Kumba Yala took office in 2000 . He also was unseated in a military coup after three years . Yala 's ouster paved the way for Vieira to run for office again . In 2005 , he was re-elected president , pledging to pursue economic development and national reconciliation . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. appeals for calm and restraint after assassination of president Not immediately clear how President Joao Bernardo Vieira died Death comes day after head of military killed West African country in a near-constant state of political upheaval since 1974
CNN  -- For all her experience and accomplishments , the Senate confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor could hinge on one sentence she uttered more than seven years ago . Sonia Sotomayor 's opponents are attacking a 2001 remark she made at the University of California , Berkeley . The sentence constitutes 32 words of the almost 4,000 she delivered during a speech at the University of California , Berkeley . Read by itself , it seems to imply that Latina women make better judges than white men . "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life , " she said October 26 , 2001 . The Princeton and Yale graduate has more than 16 years of federal opinions with which to gauge her proficiency as an arbiter . She spent six years as a district judge and a decade on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , but the 2001 comment promises to be a focal point of her confirmation . See Sotomayor 's key rulings " Conservatives such as talk radio host Rush Limbaugh have called her a "  reverse racist . " Limbaugh further denounced President Obama as "  the greatest living example of a reverse racist . " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich wrote in a Twitter post Wednesday , "  White man racist nominee would be forced to withdraw . Latina woman racist should also withdraw . " However , the White House and others say the remark is being taken out of context . Watch GOP congressman say she 'll get a fair hearing " "  Look at the totality of it . I have confidence that people will come to a reasonable conclusion , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said in his Wednesday briefing . When Obama cited the qualities he was seeking in a nominee , a diverse background was atop the list , Gibbs said . "  When I talk about the richness of experience , I include a life and an upbringing that are different than some people have had , " Gibbs said . Indeed , in a 2007 speech to a Planned Parenthood convention , the president laid out the criteria he would use to select judges : "  We need somebody who 's got the heart -- the empathy -- to recognize what it 's like to be a young teenage mom , the empathy to understand what it 's like to be poor or African-American or gay or disabled or old . " See whom Sotomayor would sit alongside if she 's confirmed " Sotomayor 's 2001 speech had similar overtones , as she conceded that white justices had made historic decisions on race and gender but emphasized that the attorneys who argued these decisions before the court were African-Americans and women . At the beginning of her speech , she offered all Latinos in the room a warning : "  Latinas are making a lot of progress in the old-boy network . " She went on to laud her Latina upbringing and culture before delivering a brief history on the ascension of women and minorities to the federal bench . She referenced "  two excellent studies on how women on the courts of appeal and state supreme courts have tended to vote more often than their male counterpart to uphold women 's claims in sex discrimination cases and criminal defendants ' claims in search and seizure cases . " After making the now-inflammatory comment on Latina women versus white men , she discussed how her experiences might color her judicial decisions . Watch how Sotomayor can smooth confirmation process " "  Personal experiences affect the facts that judges choose to see , " she said . "  My hope is that I will take the good from my experiences and extrapolate them further into areas with which I am unfamiliar . I simply do not know exactly what that difference will be in my judging . But I accept there will be some based on my gender and my Latina heritage . " Read a transcript of the speech Lani Guinier , a professor at Harvard Law School , defended Sotomayor 's remarks , writing in The New York Times on Tuesday that "  cognitive psychology and history predict that every justice acts from a perspective . " As a judge , litigator and private lawyer , Sotomayor has myriad experiences that will benefit the court , Guinier wrote , but it would be a mistake to reduce Sotomayor to her rsum . Watch bloggers share their thoughts " " -LSB- Her -RSB- impressive intellect is joined by the wisdom and compassion that comes from varied life experiences , " Guinier wrote . Maria Echaveste , President Clinton 's former deputy chief of staff , also defended Sotomayor . Calling Sotomayor a racist , she said , is a disservice to the public . "  What is wisdom but knowledge and experience -- and experience that comes from being who you are ? That 's all she was saying , " she said . Asked whether she would defend a white male nominee who said his experience gave him a better perspective on legal issues , Echaveste dismissed the comparison . "  I ca n't imagine that any president would pick someone who would say something like that . That 's not what Judge Sotomayor was saying , " she replied . Several conservatives , however , believe that is exactly what Sotomayor was saying , and they have mounted an offensive before her confirmation schedule is even solidified . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has called her nomination "  troubling " and said her public remarks "  make it clear she has an expansive view of the role of the judiciary . " "  What the American public deserves is a judge who will put the law above her own personal political philosophy , " he said in a statement . Another 2008 GOP presidential hopeful , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , also lambasted Sotomayor , saying Obama 's campaign promise to remain centrist and bipartisan is "  mere rhetoric . " "  The notion that appellate court decisions are to be interpreted by the ` feelings ' of the judge is a direct affront of the basic premise of our judicial system that is supposed to apply the law without personal emotion , " Huckabee said in a statement . "  If she is confirmed , then we need to take the blindfold off Lady Justice . " Despite widespread criticism over Sotomayor 's remark , those defending her say they hope the Senate will judge her by her qualifications and not her 2001 Berkeley speech . "  America is a big , rich , diverse pot , and having a woman of her caliber , her qualifications , on the bench can only enrich , " Echaveste said . Added the White House 's Gibbs , "  I think -LSB- richness of experience -RSB- provides somebody with important perspective , and I think many people in America can see some part of them in her story . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and John King contributed to this report .	White House says 2001 remark being taken out of context Sotomayor : She hopes "  wise Latina woman " would judge better than white male In same speech , she said Latinas making progress "  in the old-boy network " GOP heavyweights call Sotomayor "  racist " in denouncing her nomination
CNN  -- Max Page , the 7-year-old who played a mini Darth Vader in a Volkswagen commercial , is recovering from open heart surgery , his doctor and mother said Thursday . Max Page : Meet the face behind the Force "  Max is out of surgery and he 's doing well , " said his surgeon , Dr. Vaughn Starnes at Children 's Hospital in Los Angeles . "  Max is in the cardiac ICU and recovering very well . " Max underwent the surgery to replace a pulmonary heart valve . Max 's mother , Jennifer Page , described the recovery to CNN in an e-mail as "  a very frightening place . In the beginning stages it is filled with beeps , tubes and strange terminology . " She asked for payers for Max to begin to wake up and to have as little pain as possible , adding that , "  He hurts , ca n't have water and is disoriented . " Max 's family waited in the lounge next door during surgery , his mother said , adding that his younger brother Els made him a special recovery pillow and offered a silent prayer by Max 's side once the operation was complete . Max is known for playing the role of a mini Darth Vader character who goes around his parents ' house trying to use "  the Force " on various household items without much success . He eventually tries his luck on his parents ' car , and much to his surprise , it starts . Well , with a little help from the remote start fob one of his parents uses from inside the house . Max was born with tetralogy of fallot , a congenital heart defect that in this case affected the function of his pulmonary valve , which helps the flow of blood through the heart . After a number of measures to preserve his pulmonary valve , doctor 's replaced it with a porcine valve that should last 10-15 years , according to the Children 's Hospital website .	Max Page , 7 , has surgery to correct heart problem Doctor says he is recovering well Max is known for donning Darth Vader costume in a car ad
