BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The women are too afraid and ashamed to show their faces or have their real names used . They have been driven to sell their bodies to put food on the table for their children -- for as little as $ 8 a day . Suha , 37 , is a mother of three . She says her husband thinks she is cleaning houses when she leaves home . "  People should n't criticize women , or talk badly about them , " says 37-year-old Suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves . "  They all say we have lost our way , but they never ask why we had to take this path . " A mother of three , she wears light makeup , a gold pendant of Iraq around her neck , and an unexpected air of elegance about her . "  I do n't have money to take my kid to the doctor . I have to do anything that I can to preserve my child , because I am a mother , " she says , explaining why she prostitutes herself . Anger and frustration rise in her voice as she speaks . "  No matter what else I may be , no matter how off the path I may be , I am a mother ! " Watch a woman describe turning to prostitution to "  save my child " " Her clasped hands clench and unclench nervously . Suha 's husband thinks that she is cleaning houses when she goes away . So does Karima 's family . "  At the start I was cleaning homes , but I was n't making much . No matter how hard I worked it just was n't enough , " she says . Karima , clad in all black , adds , "  My husband died of lung cancer nine months ago and left me with nothing . " She has five children , ages 8 to 17 . Her eldest son could work , but she 's too afraid for his life to let him go into the streets , preferring to sacrifice herself than risk her child . She was solicited the first time when she was cleaning an office . "  They took advantage of me , " she says softly . "  At first I rejected it , but then I realized I have to do it . " Both Suha and Karima have clients that call them a couple times a week . Other women resort to trips to the market to find potential clients . Or they flag down vehicles . Prostitution is a choice more and more Iraqi women are making just to survive . "  It 's increasing , " Suha says . "  I found this ` thing ' through my friend , and I have another friend in the same predicament as mine . Because of the circumstance , she is forced to do such things . " Violence , increased cost of living , and lack of any sort of government aid leave women like these with few other options , according to humanitarian workers . "  At this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive , " says Yanar Mohammed , head and founder of the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq . "  It 's a taboo that no one is speaking about . " She adds , "  There is a huge population of women who were the victims of war who had to sell their bodies , their souls and they lost it all . It crushes us to see them , but we have to work on it and that 's why we started our team of women activists . " Her team pounds the streets of Baghdad looking for these victims often too humiliated to come forward . "  Most of the women that we find at hospitals -LSB- who -RSB- have tried to commit suicide " have been involved in prostitution , said Basma Rahim , a member of Mohammed 's team . The team 's aim is to compile information on specific cases and present it to Iraq 's political parties -- to have them , as Mohammed puts it , "  come tell us what -LSB- they -RSB- are ... going to do about this . " Rahim tells the heartbreaking story of one woman they found who lives in a room with three of her children : "  She has sex while her three children are in the room , but she makes them stand in separate corners . " According to Rahim and Mohammed , most of the women they encounter say they are driven to prostitution by a desperate desire for survival in the dangerously violent and unforgiving circumstances in Iraq . "  They took this path but they are not pleased , " Rahim says . Karima says when she sees her children with food on the table , she is able to convince herself that it 's worth it . "  Everything is for the children . They are the beauty in life and , without them , we can not live . " But she says , "  I would never allow my daughter to do this . I would rather marry her off at 13 than have her go through this . " Karima 's last happy memory is of her late husband , when they were a family and able to shoulder the hardships of life in today 's Iraq together . Suha says as a young girl she dreamed of being a doctor , with her mom boasting about her potential in that career . Life could n't have taken her further from that dream . "  It 's not like we were born into this , nor was it ever in my blood , " she says . What she does for her family to survive now eats away at her . "  I lay on my pillow and my brain is spinning , and it all comes back to me as if I am watching a movie . " E-mail to a friend	Aid workers : Violence , increased cost of living drive women to prostitution Group is working to raise awareness of the problem with Iraq 's political leaders Two Iraqi mothers tell CNN they turned to prostitution to help feed their children "  Everything is for the children , " one woman says
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court made a landmark ruling Thursday upholding the controversial , massive reform of health care coverage initiated by President Barack Obama . Here are four things Americans learned about the federal government 's grand vision to ensure health care for everyone under so-called Obamacare : Skipping insurance no longer an option The individual mandate is the centerpiece of the Affordable Care Act , the Obama administration 's signature law . The mandate , which the high court let stand , requires most Americans to have health care insurance . Opponents had contended that the government could n't force citizens to buy health coverage , but the Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the individual mandate is legal under the government 's taxing powers . The "  tax " comes in the form of a financial penalty on certain individuals who do not obtain health insurance , and the Constitution allows for such a tax , the court said . The justices , however , found problems in how the law threatens to remove Medicaid funding -- the government 's health coverage for the poor -- from states that do n't participate in an expansion of eligibility . The court said that the government must remove that threat , and Obama acknowledged remedies are needed . The year 2014 is the deadline for everyone to get insurance . Not obtaining insurance in 2014 will cost a person $ 95 or 1 % of his or her income , whichever is higher . In 2015 , it 's $ 325 , or 2 % of income . For families , the penalty will be $ 285 per household or 1 % of income , whichever is greater . By 2016 , it goes up to $ 2,085 per family or 2.5 % of income . Penalties will rise each year . Health care ruling gives GOP new attack line -- taxes The law promises improved collective health The law does promise better care and better health for America -- at a cost . Federal health spending is projected to grow from 5.6 % of gross domestic product in 2011 to about 9.4 % by 2035 , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . Under the law , preventive care services such as mammograms , physical exams , colonoscopies and vaccinations will be fully covered by insurance companies . This requirement kicked in for new health insurance plans that began on or after September 2010 . Without the individual mandate , 40 million Americans would have remained uninsured , researchers at the Urban Institute 's Health Policy Center estimated . Had the health care law been struck down by the high court , those without insurance would have grown by millions , researchers at the Urban Institute said . Without the law , "  in the worst case scenario , the number of uninsured Americans would increase to 57.7 million in 2014 and to 65.7 million in 2019 . In the best case , the number grows to 53.1 million in 2014 and 57 million in 2019 , " the researchers wrote . ` Obamacare ' symbol : Court ruling is ` right direction ' Uninsured not the only ones who 'll see a change Many Americans are already covered by employers ' health benefits . At companies with fewer than 50 workers , the employees must obtain insurance themselves . Companies with 50 or more full-time employees must start providing health insurance for all workers by 2014 or face stiff penalties . Cash-strapped entrepreneurs can buy insurance at state exchanges and can get tax credits if their annual individual income ranges between 100 % and 400 % of the poverty line , which this year translates to $ 11,170 and $ 44,680 . Solo entrepreneurs and small businesses can shop for less expensive insurance through the exchanges in each state . One-person businesses can also turn to exchanges for individuals . Companies with up to 100 workers may turn to Small Business Health Options Programs . Both keep down costs by increasing the size of the insured pool and spreading out the risk . No exchange is up and running yet . In theory , though , the exchanges will give small firms the ability to buy insurance at rates once belonging to large companies . By the numbers : Health insurance Both parties will look to benefit politically from ruling On Thursday , Republicans indicated that the health care law will be a major issue in this year 's presidential election . Obama , a Democrat , agreed . Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said that , if elected , he would seek to overturn the law . Both candidates were leveraging the conflict to raise money for their respective campaigns . "  What the court did not do on the last day in session , I will do on my first day if elected president of the United States , and that is that I will act to repeal Obamacare , " Romney said two hours after the ruling was handed down . Despite his pledge to repeal the law , if elected , Romney has promised to continue some of the law 's consumer protections , such as the ban on preventing care based on pre-existing conditions . Said Obama : "  I know that there will be a lot discussion about this , about who won and who lost . That 's how these things tend to be viewed here in Washington . But that discussion completely misses the point . " He said Thursday that the principle upheld by the high court 's ruling is that no American should go bankrupt because of illness . Opinion : Are voters ready to move on ? What the health care ruling means to you CNN 's Tom Cohen , Rich Barbieri , Jennifer Bixler and Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .	The controversial individual mandate is deemed constitutional as a tax matter Americans must have health care coverage -- or face fines The ruling will continue to play a role this year 's presidential election The law will allow more people access to preventive screening
CNN  -- Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso secured an emotional victory for Ferrari at their home Italian Grand Prix at Monza on Sunday . The 29-year-old started from pole position and delighted the "  Tifosi " -- the name given to Ferrari 's legion of passionate fans -- with a superb drive to finish ahead of world champion Jenson Button , with Felipe Massa third in the second Ferrari . Button claimed the better start and led for the first 36 laps , but Alonso took the lead following a pit stop and held on for Ferrari 's first "  home " win in four years . "  That was one of the great wins of my career , so emotional and so special for me and for this team . For me it is there with my Spanish Grand Prix of 2006 , " Alonso told reporters . "  Now we must go back to work -- we need to find consistency in the last five races of the season , " he added . Alonso 's third success of the season , and 24th of his career , saw him close the gap at the top of the world driver standings . The Spaniard is now on 166 points , 21 points behind new leader Mark Webber -- who overtook McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton at the top of the standings despite finishing down in sixth place . Hamilton crashed out on the first lap , meaning he now trails the Australian Red Bull driver with just five races still to go . Sebastian Vettel finished fourth despite early engine problems and a remarkable final lap 3.3-second pit-stop . Nico Rosberg finished fifth for Mercedes , ahead of Webber . Nico Hulkenberg of Williams , Renault driver Robert Kubica , seven-times world champion Michael Schumacher and the second Williams of Rubens Barrichello completed the top 10 .	Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso secures an emotional victory for Ferrari The Spaniard delights the Monza crowd by taking checkered flag in Italian GP World champion Jenson Button was second with Felipe Massa third in second Ferrari Mark Webber finishes sixth but takes over championship lead after Lewis Hamilton crashes
CNN  -- Defending champion Serena Williams will miss the Australian Open in January to give herself more time to recover from foot surgery . The former world number one has not played competitively since winning her fourth Wimbledon crown in July . She sustained the original injury after standing on broken glass at a restaurant shortly after winning her second grand slam of the year and 13th of her glittering career . Williams attempted to come back ahead of the season-ending WTA Championships in Qatar , but had to abandon her attempts after aggravating the injury in training . The American was also due to compete in the Hopman Cup in Australia next month , but in a statement released Thursday said she had been left with no choice but to pull out . She said : "  As I continue to rehabilitate my foot after the second surgery last month , it is with the utmost regret that I am withdrawing from the Hopman Cup and the 2011 Australian Open Championships . "  As I recently learned , pushing myself back into my intense training too early only caused me further injury and damage . "  While I desperately want to be back on the court and competing in the first grand slam tournament of the year , it is imperative for my health that I continue to work with my doctors to ensure my foot heals properly . " Williams dominated the early part of the 2010 season , with victories at the Australian Open and the grass of Wimbledon , but in her absence Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark claimed top spot in the global rankings . Belgian rival Kim Clijsters also claimed the final grand slam of the season at the U.S. Open and the WTA Championships , making her a warm favorite for the Australian Open which kicks off the 2011 season , particularly with Williams sidelined . Williams promised her fans to "  be back better than ever as soon as I can be . "	Defending champion Serena Williams pulls out of Australian Open Williams has not recovered from foot injury she picked up after stepping on broken glass Williams has not played since winning Wimbledon for the fourth time in July
London  CNN  -- New York and London remain the world 's wealthiest spots -- but Asia and Latin America are catching up , a new report by Knight Frank shows . The bright lights of New York and London will lure the world 's wealthy until at least 2023 , the report shows , but Asia and Latin America will spawn the highest number of ultra-rich individuals over the next decade . According to The Wealth Report 2013 , released March 6 , the world 's wealthy will grow by 50 % . READ MORE : Asia 's most innovative cities The total number of super-rich -- defined as those with $ 30 million or more in assets -- grew by almost 5 % in 2012 and another 95,000 individuals are set to break that barrier in the next 10 years , it said . Jakarta and Bali recorded the highest growth of luxury property across an index of 80 destinations . The principality of Monaco remains the most expensive location for prime real estate . A home on the French Riviera resort can cost up to $ 5,920 per square foot . Key Chinese cities such as Guangzhou and Shanghai have also seen a marked increase in property prices with Hong Kong real estate rising by 8.7 % following an influx of wealth from mainland China . READ MORE : World rich list shows emerging Asian power Liam Bailey , global head of residential research at Knight Frank noted "  in the next decade we will see the biggest increase in ultra-wealthy individuals in cities such as Sao Paulo , Beijing , and Mumbai . " He added : "  Wealth creation has not been dented by the global economy slowing , nor has this affected the demand for prime property as the search for safe haven investments has continued . " For much of the world 's wealthy elite , classic cars are the most popular collectible asset with prices surging 395 % over 10 years , beating other alternative investments such as fine wine and art . "  Investments of passion " are also expected to attract the super-wealthy from emerging markets , particularly in China , as investors seek safer assets in an unsteady global economy , according to the Knight Frank 's Luxury Investment index .	For the world 's wealthy elite , classic cars are the most popular collectible asset with a 395 % rise over 10 years The total number of super-rich -- defined as those with $ 30 million or more in assets -- grew by almost 5 % in 2012 The Wealth Report by Knight Frank shows Jakarta and Bali recorded the highest growth of luxury property
Beirut  CNN  -- Syria carried out an airstrike on a refugee camp in northern Lebanon Saturday , killing nine Syrians and wounding nine more , a Lebanese state-run news agency reported . The strike centered on a Syrian refugee camp located near the Syrian border between the towns of Baalbeck and Arsal in the Bekaa Valley , the National News Agency said . The Red Cross took the casualties to Universal Hospital in Baalbek . Saturday 's strike was not the first by the Syrian government , which has accused rebels of smuggling arms and supplies across the border . On March 18 , two Syrian jets fired three rockets that hit empty buildings near Arsal . At the time , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman called the use of fighter jets to fire rockets into Lebanon a "  significant escalation . " U.N. commissioner wants to probe into whether Syrian rebels executed soldiers Also in March , the U.N. Security Council voiced "  grave concern over repeated incidents of cross-border fire which caused death and injury among the Lebanese population , incursions , abductions and arms trafficking across the Lebanese-Syrian border , as well as other border violations . " The declaration followed a briefing by officials on how the conflict in Syria has spilled into Lebanon . More than 600,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring Lebanon , a country of about 4 million people , according to a U.N. estimate . But the Lebanese government puts the total at more than 1 million . Whatever the true figure , there is no dispute that the influx has destabilized the area and heightened tensions . The attack comes as the Syrian conflict is mired in a third year of unrest , which started in March 2011 when President Bashar al-Assad cracked down on peaceful protesters . Since then , it has evolved into a civil war that has killed more than 100,000 and transformed more than 1 million others into refugees , according to the Red Cross . Read more : U.N. inspectors heading to Syria to probe chemical weapons reports CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported this story from Beirut , and Tom Watkins wrote it in Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report	Airstrike kills nine Syrians in refugee camp , state media reports Syria has fired into Lebanon before The government has accused rebels of smuggling arms across the border with Lebanon
CNN  -- Should we worry about mission creep ? Only one week after President Obama said that he would not send combat troops to fight ISIS , Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told the Senate that U.S. forces could "  accompany Iraqi forces in attacks " if the situation deteriorated . As President Obama prepares to address the United Nations General Assembly this Wednesday , Americans are naturally wondering where this will all end . Some have raised the specter of Vietnam . After all , President John F. Kennedy sent fewer advisors to Vietnam during his presidency than President Obama is sending to Syria right now . James Carafano , a former Army officer at the American Heritage Foundation , said that "  this is reminiscent of how we got involved in Vietnam . " Mission creep is possible , and indeed it 's likely to happen . Whenever the United States commits any human capital to a conflict of this size , complexity and danger , the pressure to intensify the nation 's commitment is bound to increase . The President has already sent about 1,600 advisors . If someone is killed , it would be hard for the United States not to respond . If the situation on the ground becomes worse , it would be difficult for the President to do nothing given that he has now acknowledged that ISIS is a big problem that requires the intervention of the United States . But that does not mean that this will become another Vietnam . Often , the legitimate and necessary warnings about what can go wrong overstate the risks of intervention and miss the ways in which our political environment has changed since the 1960s , in a way that makes the massive and ultimately futile ground war of Vietnam more difficult to replicate . Back in the 1960s , the United States had a peacetime draft . The system , put in place in 1940 , offered presidents a virtually unending source of military personnel that they could tap into when going to war . Although Presidents John F. Kennedy , Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon were cognizant of the political costs of drafting Americans into war , the system still provided a huge resource that could be put into place quickly . Congress dismantled the draft in 1973 , shifting to the use of a professional army , and forever changed the capacity of the president to mobilize large ground forces . With a professional military any president has a more finite number of resources . There 's also less money for any large scale mobilization . During the 1960s and early 1970s , the statutory income tax rates were much higher than today , reaching over 90 % for the highest wage earners . A vibrant period of economic growth meant that incomes were rising and relatively more tax revenue came into Treasury . This is no longer the case . One of the biggest effects of the conservative movement in American politics , starting with Ronald Reagan 's tax cut in 1981 , has been to systematically whittle away at the level of tax resources . Tax rates have steady declined . Conservatives have also been extraordinarily effective at making tax increases taboo , so much that even Democrats have shied away from this policy . When the United States went to war against Afghanistan and Iraq after 9/11 , President George W. Bush cut taxes even further , abandoning the tradition of raising taxes in time of war . This is a far way off from when FDR 's Treasury Department commissioned Disney films during World War II to convince Americans to pay higher taxes to defeat Germany and Japan . So too has the growth of pre-committed spending programs such as Medicare and Social Security that consume more of the federal budget and leave less discretionary spending for politicians to play around with in any given year . The kind of wars America fights have also changed with new kinds of military technology that have developed along with the sophistication of special operation forces . While the promise that new technology will save the nation from ground wars is not new , right now it is increasingly fulfilled . The use of drones , for example , has proven incredibly potent at attacking the terrorist networks responsible for 9/11 . Special operations forces have also become increasingly sophisticated and capable of conducting the kind of targeted , small-scale operations that are at the heart of breaking up terrorist operations . In the coming months , this kind of warfare will make it possible to combat ISIS without sizable number of boots on the ground . This is certainly not a guarantee that the need for troops wo n't intensify , as was the case in Iraq , but it does offer an important alternative for the time being . Another reason that it is harder to have another Vietnam , or Iraq and Afghanistan , for that matter , is because of those wars . All of them now loom large in the mind of the public . Those wars shape every conversation , creating ongoing political concern about every military intervention -- and political pushback as things get messy . While policymakers in the 1960s remembered the stalemate in Korea they also spoke about the victories of World War II . The current generation of politicians and voters has grown up in the shadows of unsuccessful and messy wars . The only conflicts that seemed to have a better outcome were Operation Desert Storm and the bombing of Bosnia and Kosovo in the 1990s -- all short-term , limited conflicts . Finally , the nature of this conflict is different than what the United States faced in Vietnam . The conflict against terrorism is not simply about a brute response to ground troops . As most policymakers realize , this is a war that revolves around improving intelligence , implementing policies to win over the minds of local populations so that terrorists do not gain hold in communities and stopping the flow of financial resources that keep these networks alive . Much of the victory will require a political solution . A massive infusion of American troops wo n't have the impact that is needed , and in some ways given the opposition that exists toward western intervention , too many troops could make things worse by rallying Iraqis and Syrians against the United States rather than ISIS . None of this is to say that this war wo n't get bigger and that it ca n't get much uglier quickly . But the fact is we are a long way away from Vietnam , and some of the institutional and cultural changes that have taken place -- as a result of that disastrous war -- have created a set of handcuffs on elected officials that wo n't be easily removed .	Some fear the fight against ISIS could expand via "  mission creep " Julian Zelizer : Today 's presidents constrained by factors that make another Vietnam unlikely Zelizer : Presidents no longer have the draft and immense budget resources for war He says public , chastened by recent wars , is in no mood for major military operations
TIME.com  -- Chlorine is supposed to take care of most of the microbes floating around in pools , but human waste , it seems , is stubbornly resistant to being sanitized . That 's the conclusion of a group of researchers from the Centers for Disease Control  CDC  , who collected water samples from 161 filters in public and private swimming pools , as well as water parks in Atlanta last summer . What they found trapped in those filters was enough to make swimmers think twice before logging their laps . More than half of the samples were contaminated with E. coli , which the investigators say comes from one primary source -- swimmers pooping in the pool . The study , published in the latest Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report , specifically looked at pools in Atlanta , but the researchers say such contamination is likely a widespread problem in U.S. pools , thanks to swimmers not washing themselves off before taking a dip . According to the scientists , each of us carries about 0.14 grams of fecal material into the pool -- and that does n't include accidents or cases of diarrhea . Among municipal pools , the genetic testing for pathogens detected E. coli in 70 % of the filters , while 66 % of the water parks contained the bacteria and 49 % of pools in private clubs showed evidence of the contamination . "  These findings indicate the need for swimmers to help prevent introduction of pathogens , e.g. , taking a pre-swim shower and not swimming when ill with diarrhea ,  for  aquatics staff to maintain disinfectant level and pH according to public health standards to inactivate pathogens , and state and local environmental health specialists to enforce such standards , " the authors write in their report . When a pool is properly chlorinated , however , bacteria like E. coli should be killed off , since proper pH levels typically take care of the issue . According to the CDC , it takes less than a minute for E. coli to be inactivated if chlorine levels are adequate , about 16 minutes to control Hepatitis A virus , about 45 minutes to kill off the Giardia parasite and over 10 days for a Crypto parasite . But just one diarrhea accident can cause an infection for anyone who gets a mouth full of pool water . Fortunately , the testing did not reveal strains of E. coli 0157 , a particularly virulent form of the bacteria that was responsible for several outbreaks , and deaths , from serious foodborne illnesses . According to NPR , because the researchers only analyzed the samples for genetic signatures of different pathogens , they could n't determine whether the bugs were alive , and potentially reproducing in the water , but there were no pool-related diseases reported in Atlanta during the summer the samples were gathered . Thomas Lachocki , the CEO of the National Swimming Pool Foundation , says that in order to be properly chlorinated , pools should contain 1-4 parts per million of chlorine and pH levels should be within 7.2 -- 7.8 . "  You can go to any mass market store and go into the pool chemical aisle and buy test stripes . All of these have chlorine and pH tests . In five seconds , you can do a quick analysis yourself and have an idea of what the various levels are , " he says . But if you do n't have the time to do your own testing , look for clear water . "  You should always be able to see the bottom of the pool clearly . Usually if the water is cloudy , something with the filter or chemicals is n't right , " says Lachocki . "  Clear water does n't mean everything is alright , but cloudy water is an absolute positive sign that something is not right . " Here are some additional recommendations from the CDC for ensuring a bug-free dip : -- Do n't swim when you have diarrhea . -- Shower with soap before you start swimming . -- Take a shower to rinse off before you get back into the water . -- Take bathroom breaks every 60 minutes . -- Wash your hands after using the toilet or changing diapers . -- Try not to swallow the pool water . If you have young children : -- Take children on bathroom breaks every half-hour to hour or check diapers frequently . -- Change diapers in the bathroom or diaper-changing area and not at poolside where pathogens can rinse into the water . There may be no way to completely sanitize a pool , but the latest analysis of what could be lurking in the water should motivate lifeguards and pool managers to be more vigilant about testing those waters more frequently . People should outnumber the pathogens in any pool . This article was initially published on TIME.com . Do n't drink the pool water ! It contains a surprising amount of human waste & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	CDC researchers find a surprising amount of E. coli in pool water The study focused on Atlanta , but researchers say it 's likely widespread Proper chlorination can kill E. coli and other bacteria
CNN  -- It was a golden moment in a depressingly bleak week . Ukraine 's female biathletes provided a temporary and joyful distraction from the ongoing troubles at home with a gold medal performance in the women 's team biathlon relay on Friday at the Winter Olympics in Sochi . The team led from start to finish in the 4x6 km race , taking gold in a time of one hour 10 minutes 2.5 seconds , 26.4 seconds ahead of defending champions Russia with Norway a further 11.2 seconds behind in third . Vita Semerenko , a bronze medalist in the women 's 7.5 km sprint earlier in the Games , led Ukraine 's women off before handing over to Juliya Dzhyma for the second leg . Valj Semerenko 's twin sister Valj lost some time at the shooting range on the third leg but not enough to deny Ukraine their first Olympic biathlon gold as anchorwoman Olena Pidhrushna fell into the arms of her teammates at the finish line . "  Before the race people wrote us many messages and wishes , waiting for victory , " Pidhrushna said after clinching her country 's first Winter Games gold in 20 years . "  Until the very last moment , even this morning I read my emails , saying like ` Girls , start and win for us all , for Ukraine . ' We are so happy that the people of Ukraine are happy back home and that something good happened for our country . " Pidhrushna , who called for a minute 's silence at the press conference following the event , was asked about her husband , Alexie Kayda who is a member of the opposition in the Ukrainian parliament . "  He talked to me and he said he did n't know how to support me and improve my mood . Before a race , he tells me that he loves me and that he believes in me , " she said . "  I can only thank for him for trying to protect me from everything that is happening at home . We only know the minimum of what is happening there and that is a good thing . " Former pole vault world record-holder Sergei Bubka , who now heads Ukraine 's Olympic Committee , could n't contain his delight . "  Ukraine wins gooooold ! " he tweeted before praising Pidhrushna and co. for their efforts for winning Ukraine 's first biathlon gold . Bubka , who won gold at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , told CNN 's Amanda Davies that he was praying for a good result after violence had erupted in Ukraine 's capital Kiev causing scores of deaths . "  We need this . We need this and we pray for that , " Bubka said Thursday . "  We discuss with them to give them confidence and eliminate pressure from sport and situation at home . "  We tell them we love them and believe in them . ` Do what you do every time . It 's your time and it 's your day . We need this . ' "  We want to show to everyone that Ukraine exists and is united through sport and Olympics . " Canada breaks U.S. ice hockey hearts again Canada piled on the agony for U.S. ice hockey fans with a 1-0 victory in the men 's semifinal match at the Bolshoy Ice Dome on Friday . Exactly 24 hours after breaking the hearts of the U.S. women 's team , Canada 's men inflicted more misery on the Americans who , for the second successive Olympics , come off second best to their neighbors . The solitary goal came at the start of the second period -- Jamie Benn of the Dallas Stars scoring in the 22nd minute to set up a final meeting with Sweden -- who earlier maintained an unbeaten run in the competition with a 2-1 over Finland . Read more : 24 hours of pain for U.S. ice hockey fans The Swedes , who have won all their games so far in the tournament , had to come from behind after Finland 's Olli Jokinen opened the scoring in the 27th minute . But they were n't ahead for long as Loui Eriksson scored five minutes later before Erik Karlsson scored the winner in the 36th minute . The U.S. will play the Finns in the bronze medal match on Saturday . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper took the opportunity to remind President Barack Obama of the result and the bet the pair had made following a meeting in Mexico earlier in the week . Shiffrin skis into record books U.S. teenager Mikaela Shiffrin became the youngest skier to win the Olympic slalom title , following up her 2013 world championship victory in the same discipline . The 18-year-old raced into the record books with a combined time of one minute 44.54 seconds to finish 0.53 seconds ahead of Marlies Schild of Austria . Kathrin Zettel , also of Austria , finished third . "  It is tough to describe my feelings , " Shiffrin said . "  This has been a dream of mine for a very long time . " Colarado-born Shiffrin showed her class under the floodlights at the Rosa Khutor Alpine Center . A composed first run saw her finish 0.49 seconds ahead of Germany 's Maria Hoefl-Riesch , with Tina Maze -- seeking her third gold of the Games -- 0.67 seconds trailing in third at the halfway point . But while the Slovenian slid down the standings to eighth and Hoefl-Riesch to slipped to fourth , Shiffrin held her nerve after nearly falling on the icy surface in the second run before skiing home to take gold . "  It was a crazy moment . I was going very fast and I thought I was not going to make it , it scared me , " Shiffrin said . Ski cross 1-2 for Canada France 's men may have swept the board in the men 's event on Thursday , but it was Canada 's women who were the big winners in the women 's ski cross finals in the Rosa Khutor Extreme Park Friday . Marielle Thompson took the gold with Kelsey Serwa claiming silver , and Sweden 's Anna Holmlund winning the bronze medal . "  It 's crazy . I do n't think it 's even sunk in yet . I just had a big wave of emotion . I 'm so so happy , especially to be up there with my teammate , " Thompson said . "  We 're all about girl power from the start . We 're just having fun all day . I know Kelsey and we tried to help each other all the way down the course . " Russian short track double Russia claimed two of the three gold medals up for grabs in the Iceberg Skating Palace on Friday . Victor An sent the home crowd wild as he claimed gold in the 500 meters final , narrowly beating 19-year-old Dajing Wu from China with Charle Cournoyer taking the bronze for Canada . Korea picked up gold and bronze in the women 's 1,000 m final as Seung-Hi Park became the only female to win two short-track golds in Sochi , taking her overall Olympic medal tally to five . Park 's compatriot Suk Hee Shim won the bronze with 20-year-old Kexin Fan from China taking silver . Park said she and Shim had n't discussed tactics prior to the final . "  We did n't have any special plan since every situation is different . We just try to use teamwork and do well together . Fortunately we were able to do really well . We have been practicing the whole season together and it paid off , " Park said . In the final short track event of these Games , Russia roused an expectant crowd with an Olympic record in the men 's 5,000 m relay winning time of six minutes 42.100 seconds as An claimed a sixth career Olympic gold -- a record in his discipline -- while the hosts took their gold medal tally to nine , level with the U.S. and Canada . Canada sweeps to curling double In the Ice Cube Curling Center , Canada 's men matched the gold medal-winning performance of their women 24 hours earlier with an easy 9-3 win over Great Britain in the final . Canadian skip Brad Jacobs said : "  I 'm ecstatic , it 's awesome , amazing . There are a million other words that can explain it , but that 's all I can think of right now . " His opposite number , David Murdoch was understandably more downbeat . "  I 'm disappointed , " Murdoch said . "  It was an opportunity of a lifetime , but it was n't meant to be today . We did everything we could to try and start well , but we just had a poor start and that gave them a lot of confidence as well . "  Going 5-1  after three ends  there was always going to be an uphill struggle and it did n't matter what we did in the second half . " Earlier , Sweden 's men claimed the bronze medal following a 6-4 extra-end win over China .	Ukraine 's women win gold in biathlon relay at the Sochi Olympics U.S. men suffer same Canadian pain as American women in ice hockey U.S. skier Mikaela Shiffrin creates Olympic history becoming youngest slalom winner Canada clinches double gold in curling ; Russia scores two golds in short track skating
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Rapper T.I. begins serving an 11-month sentence in an Arkansas federal prison Monday , while the drug case against his wife is set for a hearing in a Beverly Hills , California courtroom . T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , was on his way from Atlanta , Georgia , to the Federal Correctional Center in Forrest City , Arkansas , Monday morning , according to his lawyer 's office . It 's the same prison where the rapper served seven months last year on a federal weapons conviction . "  Tiny " Tameka Cottle 's name was on Monday 's court calendar for arraignment on a drug charge , according to the judge 's clerk , but it was unclear if she would travel from Atlanta to California to attend . The couple 's latest legal troubles began when a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputy stopped them on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood two months ago for a traffic violation . They were arrested after suspected illegal drugs were found . The district attorney decided last week not to prosecute Harris , 29 , but Cottle , 35 , was charged with misdemeanor drug offense . She is accused of possessing MDMA , commonly known as ecstasy , according to the court filing . The rapper 's arrest and a failed drug test the next day convinced a federal judge last month to send Harris back to prison for violating his probation on a federal weapons conviction . Harris was given until Monday , November 1 , to begin serving his 11-month sentence .	T.I. starts his 11-month prison term Monday Arraignment for the rapper 's wife , "  Tiny " Cottle , is also Monday The couple 's latest legal woes stem from a West Hollywood traffic stop
CNN  -- The pings detected by the crew aboard an Australian navy ship in the southern Indian Ocean have given those searching for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 renewed hopes of finding the missing plane . Australian officials leading the search said the signals picked up Sunday were consistent with those transmitted by an aircraft 's flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder . But the officials warned that they still need further evidence , such as a visual sighting of wreckage on the seafloor . "  There are many steps yet before these detections can be positively verified as being from missing Flight MH370 , " Angus Houston , the head of the Australian agency coordinating search operations , said Monday . Here 's an explanation of what the next phases are in the underwater hunt for traces of the passenger jet . Do searchers have enough pings to figure out where they 're coming from ? No , not yet . The Ocean Shield , an Australian navy ship that 's slowly towing a pinger locator through the water , is going back and forth over the area where it twice picked up a signal Sunday . "  The focus is on trying to reacquire the acoustic signal they had 24 hours ago , " said Commodore Peter Leavy , who is coordinating military contributions to the search . As of Monday morning , the high-tech pinger locator , supplied by the U.S. Navy , had n't redetected the pings , officials said . "  Probably for the next 24 hours , Ocean Shield will continue its runs back and forth over the area , " Houston said . Why is it crisscrossing the same area ? The aim is to use triangulation to pinpoint the location of whatever is transmitting the pings , according to Cmdr. William Marks of the U.S. 7th Fleet . "  For us in the Navy , this is kind of our bread and butter , " he told CNN . The crew of the ship does this by towing the pinger locator along a series of intersecting lines across a relatively small area of ocean . If the sound is picked up along three different lines that cross at the same point , "  that 's a pretty positive indication of where the signal 's coming from , " Marks said . But it 's a slow and painstaking business . By the end of its runs Tuesday , Ocean Shield expects to have thoroughly covered only a 3-mile-by-3-mile box , according to Leavy . Each run across the area takes the ship seven to eight hours . That 's because it 's moving slowly -- at about 3 knots  3.5 mph  -- and because turning around with the huge length of cable that 's dragging the pinger locator through the ocean depths is a delicate , drawn-out process . What happens if they pick up another signal in that area ? At that point , they will deploy an unmanned underwater vehicle that 's on board the Ocean Shield , the Bluefin-21 . The vehicle , also from the United States , is able to generate maps of the bottom of the ocean and "  determine if there 's something unusual on the seafloor , like aircraft wreckage , " said Houston . "  In the event of finding something unusual , the autonomous vehicle will come back to the surface and will then be fitted with a camera , " he said . "  And hopefully , we would then be able to pick up imagery . " But one potential problem is that the water in the area the Ocean Shield is searching is about 4,500 meters  14,800 feet  deep , the limit of the Bluefin 's range . "  We 're right on the edge of capability , " Houston said . If the area of the seabed where the pings are coming from is any deeper , then the search crews would need remotely operated vehicles that can go even farther down . Houston said officials are looking into what other vehicles could be deployed , if needed . What if they do n't pick up another signal ? If the pings the Ocean Shield 's crew have detected are from Flight 370 , they could cease at any moment . The batteries powering the locator beacons on the missing plane 's flight recorders could already have expired . At the very most , they could last another week or so . Without another signal , the members of the search team will have to take a look at what information they have been able to gather . "  If we 're unable to fix the location , the people who are out there have to do an analysis of everything they 've got and make an assessment of whether they would deploy the underwater vehicle in the most likely area , " Houston said . "  I would anticipate that 's what will happen : The underwater vehicle will be deployed and continue the work , " he said . But that would mean searchers have far less precision than they would hope to have when searching waters so deep . "  If we have a large area of uncertainty , it will take several days to actually cover what would appear to be a fairly small area , " Houston said . "  Things happen very slowly at the depths we 're dealing with . "	An Australian navy ship is expected to keep searching a small area into Tuesday It is trying to regain a signal that it picked up Sunday that could be from Flight 370 If it detects the pings again , it will deploy an underwater vehicle that can look for wreckage Without a new signal , the possible area will be larger and take longer to search
After months of delays , a "  Geneva II " conference meant to broker an end to the Syrian civil war has been scheduled to begin on January 22 in Geneva , Switzerland , the United Nations said Monday morning . "  At long last and for the first time , the Syrian government and opposition will meet at the negotiation table rather than the battlefield , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said during a news conference . He added that the goal of the conference includes "  the establishment , based on mutual consent , of a transitional governing body with full executive powers , including over military and security entities . " While he dubbed the U.N.-brokered meeting a "  mission of hope " and called on both sides to cease violence and release detainees in preparation for the talks , he did not say which parties will attend -- a subject that helped push back the conference for months . Lakhdar Brahimi , the U.N. and Arab League special envoy to Syria , echoed Ban 's sentiments in a later statement to reporters in Geneva . In regard to the release of detainees , Brahimi specifically mentioned two bishops who were abducted earlier this year , asking , "  Why are they still kept ? " Youhanna Ibrahim , the Syriac Orthodox bishop of Aleppo , and Boulos al-Yaziji , the Greek orthodox metropolitan of Aleppo and Iskenderun , were abducted at gunpoint in April while en route to Aleppo , the National Catholic Reporter says . While Ban declined to answer questions regarding his statement or elaborate on which opposition groups would attend , Brahimi said later that the government and rebels have been asked to name their delegations by the end of the year . In response to questions , Brahimi said Iran and Saudi Arabia could be "  possible participants " at Geneva II . Pressed more specifically on Iran , he said , "  I do n't think I can comment on that . I think we said several times that the secretary general of the United Nations and the secretary general of the Arab League are in favor of inviting Iran . " He added , "  Not all the people who want to come to Geneva will be able to come , but they should know this is not an event . This is a process . And in this process , I 'm sure that everybody who wants to participate in rebuilding what I call the new republic of Syria will be able to do so in the course of the process . " The conference would bring representatives from Syria 's government and elements of the opposition to negotiate an end to the fighting that has wracked Syria since March 2011 . Yet the opposition is hardly a single group ; it consists of numerous factions that often oppose each other . The al Qaeda-linked groups Islamic State in Iraq and Jabhat al-Nusra have made substantial gains in Syria in recent months , especially in the north , tilting the balance away from more moderate factions of the rebel Free Syrian Army . Syria 's brutal war within a war gains momentum The conference had been held up in part because many branches of the Syrian opposition said they would n't attend , or would n't participate without preconditions . Nineteen largely Islamist rebel groups , for example , last month flatly rejected participating . Some groups wanted Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down before talks . "  The conflict in Syria has raged for too long . It would be unforgivable not to seize this opportunity to bring an end to the suffering and destruction it has caused , " the United Nations said in an online statement Monday morning . Al Qaeda advancing in Syria , one town at a time Martin Nesirky , a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , declined to say Monday who has guaranteed they will attend . But he said : "  Given how long it has taken to get to this point , " just the setting of a date "  is a good sign . " Geneva II is a successor to Geneva I , a June 2012 meeting in which international parties laid out a peace plan for Syria that calls for a transitional governing body . It left open the question of whether al-Assad must leave power . The United States and Russia announced in May that they would try to bring the warring parties to a second conference in Geneva to implement the plan . But the second Geneva conference was delayed several times . In November , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported that Syrian government officials would attend the conference without preconditions and with the goal of stopping violence in the country . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement . It is now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict , and another 9 million have been displaced . International inspectors , meanwhile , are trying to ensure that Syria eliminates its chemical weapons stockpile by the middle of 2014 . Syria agreed to do so under international pressure earlier this year . More than 11,000 Syrian children killed in civil war Rebels : Syrian airstrikes kill at least 40	Envoy says Iran and Saudi Arabia could be "  possible participants " Conference had been delayed several times , in part over who would attend Syrian opposition contains numerous factions , some opposed to each other Conference aims to end violence that has raged since March 2011
CNN  -- Actress Pamela Anderson revealed Friday that she suffered sexual abuse throughout her childhood , starting at age 6 when she was molested by a babysitter . The former "  Baywatch " star talked about it in remarks at the launch of her animal rights charity -- The Pamela Anderson Foundation -- at the Cannes Film Festival in France . "  I feel now might be the time to reveal some of my most painful memories , " she said , according to the transcript posted on her online blog . Although she had "  loving parents " while growing up in British Columbia , Canada , Anderson said she "  did not have an easy childhood . " She recounted being molested between the ages of 6 and 10 "  by my female babysitter , " and then being raped when she was 12 by the 25-year-old brother of a "  friend 's boyfriend . " The man "  decided he would teach me backgammon , which led into a back massage , which led into rape , " she said . Coincidentally , the Cannes event at which she revealed the rape was a backgammon tournament . "  Needless to say , I had a hard time trusting humans , " Anderson said . "  I just wanted off this earth . " Child sex abuse is a taboo topic for some parents Although her parents "  tried to keep me safe , " the "  world was not a safe place , " she said . Her mother was busy working two waitressing jobs , she said . "  My mom was always crying , " she said . She never told her mother about the molestation and rapes because "  I could n't  bear  to give her any more disruptive information , " she said . "  I could n't break her heart any more than it was breaking . " Anderson , now 46 , said her love for animals saved her . "  My loyalty remained with the animal kingdom , " she said . "  I vowed to protect them and only them . I prayed to the whales with my feet in the ocean . My only real friends , till I had children . " Before her acting career took off , Anderson started her career as a Playboy centerfold , appearing on 13 covers of the magazine starting in 1989 . Pamela Anderson re-marries ex-husband Rick Salomon Anderson fronts racing team	Pamela Anderson discusses her childhood sex abuse at a charity event in France Despite "  loving parents , " Anderson says she "  did not have an easy childhood " "  Needless to say , I had a hard time trusting humans , " Anderson says
Here 's what you need to know about Sean Collier , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus cop who was shot to death by the suspected Boston Marathon bombers . When he went hiking with the MIT Outing Club , he brought extra ear plugs for others to block out snoring in the crowded mountain cabin . When his car got hit by a swerving vehicle , Collier immediately went to check if the other driver was injured . Even those who barely knew him filled a tribute page set up Friday with memories of his easy laugh and ever-present smile , his desire to help others and his motivation to be a good police officer . "  He had a really great smile . I 'll always remember that , " Kristina Lozoya , a student volunteer with the MIT emergency medical service , told CNN . "  He was always laughing . He loved his job . " Carin King , another volunteer with the service that runs the campus ambulance , told CNN that Collier "  went out of his way " to get to know the student emergency medical technicians  EMTs  . "  A few months ago he was on a call with me where the patient was very seriously ill , " King related in an e-mail . "  He followed up with the family and then stopped by our bunkroom to look for me every day for a week so he could let me know that our patient was now OK . " On Thursday night , when news emerged that an MIT officer had been shot , King sent Collier an e-mail "  to make sure he was OK . " She never got an answer . "  I figured I was being overly cautious , " King added . "  It 's truly a heartbreaking situation . " Such a connection reflected the 27-year-old Massachusetts native 's approach to police work . While his brother , Andrew , became a machinist in the engine department at Hendrick Motorsports , one of the major NASCAR racing teams , Sean followed a different path . "  Sean was one of these guys who really looked at police work as a calling , " MIT Police Chief John DiFava said in a statement posted on the university website . "  He was born to be a police officer . " Collier died a police officer , shot to death in his squad car on the MIT campus . In a statement Friday , his family asked for privacy . "  We are heartbroken by the loss of our wonderful and caring son and brother , " the statement said . "  Our only solace is that Sean died bravely doing what he committed his life to -- serving and protecting others . " President Barack Obama praised Collier on Friday night following the conclusion of a daylong manhunt for the second of two marathon bombing suspects , saying he was a dedicated officer . "  We are grateful to him , " Obama said . Collier 's killing and a subsequent carjacking nearby set off the search that paralyzed Boston . The suspects were identified as brothers . One died following a shootout with police while the second was taken into custody , officials said . After the blasts Monday near the finish line of the iconic road race , Collier 's slaying further traumatized many in the MIT community who had gotten to know him during his 15 months on the job . "  The loss of Officer Collier is deeply painful to the entire MIT community , " MIT President L. Rafael Reif said on the university website . That included the MIT Outing Club , which organizes hiking and skiing excursions in the region . Collier , who was single , was an avid participant in trips to the mountains of New England that he hiked as a boy . Club members described him as endlessly energetic and a joyous companion on the trail and around the campfire . "  We recall him bringing earplugs for an entire cabin full of people , going out of his way to give people rides , offering help for bike or any other problems , " said a statement on a tribute page set up at MIT . "  He made a point of getting to know students , asking them about details of their lives , enthusiastically sharing his own experiences . He brightened the lives of all of us , and words can not describe the loss we feel . " Fellow club member Andrew Ding told of the car crash during a drive to New Hampshire , describing how Collier showed no hint of anger or exasperation over the damage to his vehicle . "  Sean was the first out of our car to go check and see if the  other driver  was OK , " Ding wrote in an email to CNN , adding that "  it would be exceedingly difficult to imagine him not stepping up and doing the right thing when he had the chance , which unfortunately he did last night . " Such awareness and devotion were evident in college , said Kristen Kuehnle , who chairs the department of criminal justice at Salem State University , where Collier graduated with honors in 2009 as a criminal justice major . Kuehnle remembered that Collier got an ` A ' in the "  Women in Criminal Justice " class she taught , recalling him as "  bright " and well-rounded with a "  great sense of humor that you really need . " "  When you 're graduating with honors , you 've demonstrated ability to be thoughtful and look at all perspectives , " she said . Describing Collier as a model candidate for police work , she said he had "  the vision that we are looking for in our students . " "  He always wanted to be a police officer , " Kuehnle said . "  That was pretty clear , but it was n't like the whistles and bells and toys . It was about really wanting to make a difference and being good at what you do . " That 's the impression he left on those who knew him at MIT . "  Sean is not the stereotypical cop who is kind of intimidating , but rather a friendly and down-to-earth kind of guy that you would want to be friends with , " David Hou , an MIT sophomore , told CNN . To Ding , Collier was "  the kind of guy you 'd ask to watch your wallet . " Ben Artin , another EMS volunteer , told how Collier proposed arranging a social event to help broaden the relationship between the campus police and the emergency service workers . "  Sean was rare in the degree to which , while working for MIT PD , he wanted to socially engage with the students , " Artin wrote to CNN , adding that "  I hope that we follow through on this proposal as we heal . "	Sean Collier was shot to death Thursday night on the MIT campus Police believe the Boston Marathon bombing suspects did it Those who knew Collier describe him as a model policeman He also was an avid hiker in the mountains of New England
CNN  -- Officials in the tiny east Texas town of Tenaha are accused in a federal lawsuit of stopping African-Americans driving through town and seizing their money and property by threatening them with criminal prosecution -- or worse . Tenaha , Texas , has about 1,000 residents and is about 60 miles southwest of Shreveport , Louisiana . Among the plaintiffs are two African-Americans who claim they forfeited more than $ 50,000 under threat of money-laundering charges , and a biracial couple who gave up more than $ 6,000 after officials threatened to put their children in foster care . No one was charged with a crime . The lawsuit , filed in July 2008 , has 10 plaintiffs , said attorney Timothy Garrigan , one of the attorneys who filed the suit . But he told CNN Wednesday that "  we get more inquiries every day . " Attorneys are seeking class-action status for the suit , he said . The suit names as defendants Tenaha 's mayor and deputy city marshal , plus several Shelby County officials , including the district attorney . It alleges that the officials "  have developed an illegal ` stop and seize ' practice of targeting , stopping , detaining , searching and often seizing property from apparently non-white citizens and those traveling with non-white citizens . " Watch Garrigan explain the lawsuit " "  The defendants undertake this practice without legal justification , in violation of the citizens ' rights , not for any legitimate law enforcement purpose but to enrich their offices and perhaps themselves , by seizing and converting cash and other valuable personal property they can find during the course of the illegal stop and seize practice , " the suit claims . City and county officials , however , maintain they are doing their jobs along the highway through Tenaha . They say the road is a known route for drug traffickers between Shreveport , Louisiana , and Houston , Texas , according to The Chicago Tribune , which first reported on the lawsuit Tuesday . Tenaha , which had just more than 1,000 residents in the 2000 census , is about 60 miles southwest of Shreveport . "  The police and local district attorney there say they 're operating within the law , and it appears as if they are , " said Howard Witt , the Tribune reporter who wrote the story . "  Texas has an asset forfeiture law similar to many other states , and it basically allows police to seize assets -LSB- that -RSB- are used , or suspected in being used , in commission of a crime . " The law as it currently exists does not mandate that a person be convicted of a crime or even charged with one before the police can seize the assets , Witt said . A bill was introduced Tuesday in the state Legislature to close that loophole , he said , because of the alleged goings-on in Tenaha . "  We are in the business of enforcing the law , " Tenaha Mayor George Bowers told CNN in a written statement . "  We send our officers to school and train them well . All we 've done is enforced the law . " In court documents filed responding to the suit , several defendants have denied some allegations and said they did not have knowledge of others . Each maintained they were doing their jobs . Garrigan told CNN the plaintiffs he represents are not drug traffickers , and their criminal histories contain "  nothing that would suggest it was appropriate for them to be pulled over and robbed this way by police . " "  Typically , these people are stopped , no drugs are found and only their money and valuables are taken , " he said . "  We do n't think they should be able to get away with that . " He said he did n't know if the route was known for drug trafficking , but "  I do n't think that justifies what they 've done . " The suit 's plaintiffs all were traveling through Tenaha in rental vehicles or in cars with out-of-state license plates , according to the suit . In each case , they were stopped and ordered out of their cars . In some cases , officials searched their cars . But all the plaintiffs claim they were asked if they had any money , and coerced into giving up cash , cell phones and other property . All of the plaintiffs were threatened with arrest and prosecution for money laundering . The couple , Jennifer Boatright and Ronald Henderson , were threatened with another charge concerning their children . Boatright told the Tribune that police stopped them for driving in a left-turn lane . During a search , she said , police found a gift for Boatright 's sister , an unused glass pipe similar to those used to smoke marijuana . No drugs were found , but police seized the $ 6,037 the couple was carrying to buy a car . After they contacted an attorney , the city returned the money , but offered no explanation or apology , she said . "  It was give them the money or they were taking our kids , " she said . "  They suggested that we never bring it up again . We figured we better give them our cash and get the hell out of there . " In 1997 Louisiana lawmakers reformed that state 's asset forfeiture law after a report on NBC 's "  Dateline " alleged that law enforcement officers in Calcasieu and Jefferson Davis parishes were stopping motorists without cause , particularly out-of-state drivers and minorities , along Interstate 10 and seizing their money and property from them , according to an article on the National Drug Strategy Network 's Web site . The television show used hidden cameras to record such incidents , the article said .	Lawsuit , filed in federal court , seeks class action status It alleges minorities are targeted for car stops in Tenaha , Texas Assets seized , minorities threatened with prosecution , suit says Officials in Tenaha say route is favored by drug traffickers
CNN  -- The timing could n't be any better , or worse , for Mira Nair 's film of Mohsin Hamid 's novel , a sympathetic portrait of a gifted , intelligent young Pakistani whose love affair with the American dream ends in disenchantment , mistrust and violence . This would have been a provocative movie to release at any time since 9/11 , but especially so in the immediate aftermath of the Boston bombings . Still , if we 're to come to any understanding of the terrorist mentality , movies are a relatively safe and responsible place to start looking . In the opening scenes , the CIA responds to the kidnapping of a European academic in Lahore , Pakistan . A U.S. journalist who is also an undercover operative for the agency  Liev Schreiber  is sent to interview one of the professor 's colleagues , a local whose classes are reported to be stirring up young Muslims and who is a known associate of jihadists . Changez  Riz Ahmed  agrees to talk , but only if the American promises to hear him out and get the full story . Changez , it 's not pronounced like the David Bowie song , but it could easily be read that way , starts out as if he means to become one of Tom Wolfe 's "  Masters of the Universe , " a Princeton business grad whose ruthlessness puts him on the fast track at Underwood Sampson , a Wall Street valuations firm . He even dates the chairman 's daughter  Kate Hudson , valiantly trying to find roots for an elusive character  . The business saga is entertaining in a snappy , sub-Oliver Stone finger-wagging vein -- Kiefer Sutherland is in strong form as his steely mentor -- but things sour for Changez when the World Trade Center comes down . Suddenly the up-and-coming executive is being strip-searched at airports and advised to shave his beard . He 's treated like an alien and comes to feel like one . It forces him to rethink his own identity , his heritage and spiritual values and for the first time he questions the profit-motive that has driven his success . The film 's twin-track structure does n't really work : the lengthy reminiscences of the disenchanted capitalist completely overwhelm the present tense against-the-clock hostage drama . Is Changez playing for time , to aid his al-Qaeda buddies ? Nair does n't seem interested in fleshing out that suggestion , and melodramatic scenes with Martin Donovan as the CIA field chief eavesdropping on the conversation fall well below the authenticity of "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Still , the exchanges between Schreiber and Ahmed -- an intense , edgy British actor some may recognize from the black comedy "  Four Lions " and Michael Winterbottom 's "  Trishna " -- do shed some light on the 21st century 's most volatile culture clash . In the starkest of these , Changez confesses that his first reaction to the planes hitting the towers was ... pleasure . It 's a brave acknowledgment of an unspeakable emotion , a moment that will repel many in the audience just as clearly as it disgusts Schreiber , but which is worth hearing not because it 's provocative , but because it rings true . There are hard shards of brutal honesty dispersed elsewhere too . When Changez and his American girlfriend first make love , she stops ; she 's still mourning the love of her life . "  Pretend I 'm him , " he urges , an impulse that does n't just speak to the male 's desire , but also to the immigrant 's need to fit in . And then , later , the other side of the equation , when , teaching in Lahore , he challenges his students to articulate what a "  Pakistan Dream " might look like ... ? Too prescriptive and too novelistic to fully come to life , at least "  The Reluctant Fundamentalist " does n't demean its characters or its audience . It 's a dogged , thoughtful and well-acted movie that might have been more effective if it kept a narrower focus .	"  The Reluctant Fundamentalist " is based on Mohsin Hamid 's novel The film stars Liev Schreiber , Riz Ahmed and Kate Hudson Critic says it 's thoughtful and well acted
Tripoli  CNN  -- Libya 's interim parliament Sunday approved a new government , led by Prime Minister Ahmed Mitig , in a controversial vote that threatens to deepen the country 's political and security crisis . A total of 83 of 93 members present voted in favor of Mitig 's government . Lawmakers in the Islamist-dominated General National Congress  GNC  defied a threat issued by militias allied with renegade general Khalifa Haftar , who promised to storm , raid and arrest members . The threat was issued by the same group that attacked the GNC headquarters in Tripoli last week , triggering fighting across the capital that left at least four people dead and dozens injured . Shortly before the vote in parliament , the EU 's special envoy to Libya described the situation as the country 's worst crisis since 2011 . "  This is the worst crisis Libya has known since the war . Political forces should understand the anxiety of the Libyan people , who expect effective solutions for their daily concerns and problems , " Bernardino Leon told reporters . Leon called on politicians to work inclusively and democratically for a political road map and to "  enable peaceful early parliamentary elections . " Also Sunday , the outgoing culture minister warned the GNC 's insistence on confirming Mitig 's government could lead to more violence . "  Today the GNC is beating the drums of war . They want to drive the country into an armed conflict for power after all peaceful and political means have been exhausted ... They are leading the country into a direct confrontation , " Al-Habeeb al-Amin told Libya al-Ahrar TV . Mitig , a businessman from the city of Misrata , was chosen to form a cabinet earlier this month in a disputed vote pushed through by the Islamist blocs . For months , divisions between Islamists and more moderate blocs within the GNC have nearly paralyzed the political process and increased tensions in the country among militias affiliated with the different parties . The emergence of Haftar and his self-declared Libyan National Army escalated tensions last week , as the retired general called for the overthrow of the GNC he described as "  illegitimate . " Haftar also launched what he called an open-ended war on Islamist extremist groups and vowed to "  purge " Libya of them . His campaign has widened divisions in the country with Islamist and anti-Islamist camps . In an effort to try to ease tensions , Libya 's electoral commission announced early elections will be held on June 25 . On Friday , Libyans rallied in Tripoli , Benghazi and other Libyan cities in support of the campaign led by Haftar . While some Libyans do n't back the ex-general and do n't want want military rule , they support what he is doing . But some say his campaign is an opportunistic strategy capitalizing on growing discontent in Libya with a weak central government and a deteriorating security situation . Haftar was once a general in the Libyan army under dictator Moammar Gadhafi but had a falling out with him and immigrated to the United States , where he lived for almost 20 years . He returned in 2011 to participate in the revolution that overthrew Gadhafi .	A total of 83 of 93 members present voted in favor of PM Ahmed Mitig 's government EU envoy describes the situation as the country 's worst crisis since 2011 Retired Libyan general has called for new , civilian council to replace interim parliament
Very little in life is truly inevitable . When briefing policy makers , I would try to point out that a lot of it was n't even predictable  at least in any scientific sense  . But surely what is happening in Iraq , the increasingly darkening clouds of sectarian division , can hardly be described as unexpected . In late 2006 , as the Bush administration was debating the so-called surge , there were few doubts that five brigades worth of professional combat power could buy down the hellish level of violence then inflicting that country . There was less certainty that even with a reduced level of violence the Iraqi government could leverage that reality to make meaningful political progress . At one meeting I pointed out that to do so Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki would have to "  govern beyond his life experience . " Having lived for an extensive period in exile , fearing for his life and seeing Baathists bent on his murder at every turn , he was far from a sure bet to be the kind of visionary , inclusive leader that we all thought Iraq needed . The Shiite-dominated Iraqi military and police services were also problematic , as strengthening them without the necessary political development threatened to make what Sunnis and Kurds saw as a predatory force simply more effective in their predations . Aware of these dangers , along with the surge , the Bush administration spared no energy in working to coax , coach and mentor al-Maliki into a broader approach toward governance . In addition to the tireless efforts of two talented ambassadors -- Zalmay Khalilzad and Ryan Crocker -- private , secure video conferences between the U.S. president and Iraqi prime minister were routine . 60 killed in Iraq bombings The substantial U.S. military presence and its large training mission were also used to prod the Iraqi military along the path of nonsectarian professionalism . So important was this presence that sustaining it by concluding a Status of Forces Agreement  the rules governing how foreign troops may operate in a nation  became a near obsession of the administration . Even with that effort , the most that the traffic would bear was an extension through the end of 2011 although both parties knew that it could be subject to renewal . That was always going to be difficult ; we knew it would be impossible without a president willing to invest significant political capital -- domestically and internationally -- to achieve it . With that agreement unextended and now expired , al-Maliki appears to be acting out the darkest shadows of his own past . Over the last months , he has reneged on a power-sharing agreement with Sunnis in several key ministries , arrested hundreds of suspected Baathists  read Sunni oppositionists  and -- as the last American troops were leaving Iraq and fresh from an audience in the Oval Office -- he has now ordered the arrest of his own Sunni vice president , Tariq al-Hashimi , for alleged "  terrorism . " Along with all of this , al Qaeda in Iraq greeted the U.S. withdrawal with a series of deadly bombings against largely Shiite targets . Al Qaeda was always expected to take advantage of the "  seam " created by the handoff of counterterrorism operations from American to Iraqi control , but now even a badly weakened al Qaeda can exploit the sense of Sunni vulnerability that al-Maliki 's actions have created . The situation may yet be salvaged . America is not without tools . Ambassador Jim Jeffrey cut short his holiday home leave to return to Iraq and , as he has in the past , he will no doubt use his considerable skills in an attempt to defuse the situation . But the ambassador will have fewer tools at his disposal . President Barack Obama has consistently characterized the withdrawal as a "  promise kept , " adding that "  it 's time to turn the page . " For nearly a year , we witnessed the oddity of a president sticking to his campaign promise while parts of his government , particularly in the Defense Department , worked to extend the American presence . At Fort Bragg , North Carolina , however , the president brought down the curtain , telling the assembled soldiers that Iraq 's future now was "  in the hands of its people . America 's war in Iraq will be over . " But in other , similar circumstances we have found a continued military presence to be invaluable , not for continued war making but to foster local progress and regional stability . Whatever the withdrawal means in purely physical terms in Iraq , the psychic impact there and in the region is that America is less interested . In Iraq that means that each of the factions are going to their sectarian corners and are preparing to come out fighting . Stephen Biddle of the Council on Foreign Relations points to Kosovo  itself a controversial intervention  as a model where a continued U.S. presence helps deter old protagonists from resuming shooting at one another . In Korea , history may judge that -- beyond the obvious defense value of U.S. forces -- they also nurtured the development of Korean democracy by retarding what would have been an even greater militarization of Korean society had they been absent . And in Europe , a U.S. footprint there says that the continent 's importance to us is beyond rhetoric . Clearly American military deployments can not be governed by a principle of "  once in , in forever . " To put it bluntly , training wheels have to come off sometime . But in this case they may have come off based on something other than the needs or talents of the cyclist . The White House has made efforts to downplay recent events in Iraq : certainly bad , but things we have seen before , and we expect that the Iraqis will muddle through . White House spokesman Jay Carney summarized it this way : "  This kind of political turmoil has been occurring in Iraq periodically , as they have taken steps forward and , occasionally , steps backward , but generally made progress . ... That will continue . " That is not inevitable . I would hesitate to predict it . I certainly would not casually base my policy on that expectation .	Ex-CIA director Michael V. Hayden : The sectarian strife in Iraq was predictable He says the background of the nation and prime minister set stage for tension and violence Presence of U.S. troops has calmed danger zones around the world , he says Hayden : Withdrawing troops may have fulfilled campaign promise , but move was too risky
CNN  -- Second-placed Mainz closed to within four points of German Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund with a 3-0 victory at home to Nuremberg on Friday night . Andre Schurrle struck in the first half before Nikolce Noveski and substitute Sami Allagui added second-half goals to give Mainz a 10th win from 14 matches . Dortmund , who have 34 points , host bottom club Borussia Monchengladbach in Saturday 's late match . Nuremberg could have moved up to seventh place with victory , but slumped to a sixth league defeat this season -- and third in a row -- to remain on 18 points . Striker Schurrle scored his sixth of the season in the 27th minute , pouncing from close range after Malik Fathi guided Christian Fuchs ' corner towards the visiting goal . Captain Noveski doubled the lead nine minutes after halftime , with the Macedonia defender on hand to finish when Schurrle flicked on Fuchs ' free-kick . Nuremberg 's on-loan midfielder Jens Hegeler then headed against the crossbar before Allagui sealed the victory with a superb solo effort with four minutes to play . The Tunisia international received a long throw from goalkeeper Christian Wetklo on the halfway line , flicked the ball into space and then beat onrushing custodian Raphael Schafer to make it 3-0 . In Saturday 's other games , eighth-placed defending champions Bayern Munich host Eintracht Frankfurt , third-placed Bayer Leverkusen travel to fellow Champions League hopefuls Hoffenheim and fourth-placed Hannover are at home to Freiburg in another top-end clash . Schalke will seek to continue the club 's recent revival and leapfrog 13th-placed hosts Kaiserslautern , while fellow strugglers Stuttgart are at home to mid-table Hamburg . On Sunday , Wolfsburg travel to second-bottom Cologne and out-of-form Werder Bremen host St. Pauli .	Mainz consolidate second place with a 3-0 victory at home to Nuremberg The club close the gap on Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund to four points Dortmund host bottom club Borussia Monchengladbach on Saturday Nuremberg suffer third successive defeat to remain in 10th place in the table
Miami  CNN  -- The head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement for South Florida has been arrested on child pornography charges , the Department of Justice said Wednesday . Anthony Mangione , 50 , of Parkland , Florida , was charged in a three-count indictment unsealed Wednesday with transportation of child pornography , receipt of child pornography and possession of child pornography , authorities said in a statement . "  According to the indictment , between March 2010 and September 2010 , Mangione allegedly transported and received visual depictions of minors engaging in sexually explicit conduct , " the statement said . "  The indictment also alleges that Mangione possessed electronically stored messages that contained additional images of child pornography during the same time period . " Mangione was arrested Tuesday by FBI agents and made an initial appearance Wednesday in federal court in West Palm Beach , Florida . During the appearance , Mangione pleaded not guilty to the charges , according to CNN affiliate WPTV . Both the prosecution and the defense requested that he undergo a psychological evaluation , and the judge approved that request . "  The government has concerns that given the magnitude of the charges , that he might melt down , " defense attorney David Howard told WPTV . "  So there is ... real concern , and it 's going to be addressed . " Attempts to contact Howard on Wednesday were not immediately successful . Mangione , a 27-year law enforcement veteran , wore a gray jumpsuit with "  federal prisoner " on the back in court Wednesday , and his hands and feet were shackled , WPTV said . He made no statement during the hearing . He was being held in the Broward County jail , according to jail records . A law enforcement official who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media said Mangione has been on leave from his job at ICE . WPTV reported that he was placed on paid administrative leave in April amid a federal investigation into four images on his home computer he allegedly received via e-mail . According to its website , ICE targets and investigates child pornographers , child sex tourists and facilitators and human smugglers and traffickers of minors , among others . The agency developed Operation Predator , which it describes as "  an initiative to identify , investigate and arrest child predators and sexual offenders . " If convicted , Mangione faces up to 20 years in prison , the Department of Justice said . He also faces a term of supervised release from five years to life following his prison sentence and he will be required to register as a sex offender . "  On the arrest of our former  special agent in charge  in Miami , we have cooperated fully in that investigation , " ICE Director John Morton said Wednesday morning when asked about the case during a news conference on another matter . "  We 'll see how things unfold today , and beyond that , we do n't have any comment . " The case is being investigated by the Broward County Sheriff 's Office and the FBI , the Department of Justice said . Broward County referred questions to federal authorities , and the FBI referred them to the Department of Justice . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Athena Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Report : Anthony Mangione will undergo a psychological evaluation NEW : He pleaded not guilty to the charges in federal court Mangione 's indictment was unsealed Wednesday , authorities say If convicted , he faces up to 20 years in prison
CNN  -- Victoria Wilcher -- the 3-year-old Mississippi girl whose family claimed was asked to leave KFC because of her appearance -- will be fitted for a prosthetic eye . Victoria , who lost sight in her right eye and was left with severe facial scars after a pit bull attack , will meet with Raymond Peters , an ocularist who hopes to outfit her with a prosthetic eye this week at his office in Naples , Florida . An ocularist is a trained technician who makes prosthetic eyes . Peters said he does n't care about the controversy surrounding what her family said happened to her at KFC . He just wants to help a child in need . "  That 's another world as far as I am concerned . That 's not going to affect me with how I help the child , " he said of the KFC incident . "  I am focused on this child , and if that did happen , it 's sad because it is a double tragedy for the child . " Victoria 's grandmother , Kelly Mullins , took to Facebook last month to tell a story about how Victoria , who wears an eye patch and eats through a tube , was told to leave a KFC in Mississippi because her appearance was disturbing to other patrons . The story went viral . Online fundraising campaigns brought in thousands , including $ 30,000 and an apology from KFC . But veracity of the story has since been called into question . A pair of investigations found no proof she was ever asked to leave KFC and a local newspaper also cast doubt on the family 's story . Both Peters , who has donated his services and assisted with travel accommodations , and Mullins spoke to CNN Sunday about Victoria 's road to recovery . "  She do n't have an eye socket and no cheekbone , " said Mullins . "  We had to put her back in diapers because of the wounds on her legs . She ca n't pull things up and down on them . The wounds will bleed , and she screams bloody murder . " Not knowing the full extent of the damage , Peters said he is not even sure if an artificial eye is a feasible option . But that is not going to stop him from trying . "  I will help her as long as I am able , " he said . "  We do n't want this child to walk in the shadows . " Despite saying it had n't found proof that one of its restaurants mistreated the girl or her grandmother , KFC said it will still honor its commitment to donate $ 30,000 to assist with Victoria 's medical bills . "  We hope everyone keeps Victoria in their thoughts and prayers , " the chain said in a statement last month . "  She will certainly be in ours . "	Victoria Wilcher , 3 , will be fitted with a prosthetic eye by a Florida ocularist this week Wilcher had been mauled , disfigured in a pit bull attack Family said toddler was told to leave KFC because of her appearance Though it may have been a hoax , the kindness of strangers still persists
CNN  -- The last seven South Koreans who remained at a manufacturing complex jointly run by North and South Korea left the area Friday -- further crumbling one of the few symbols of inter-Korean cooperation amid high tensions between the nations . The workers left the Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea and returned to the South , the South Korean Unification Ministry said . This marks the first time in the facility 's nine-year history that no South Korean workers are there . South Korean broadcaster YTN , a CNN affiliate , showed video of the South Koreans ' vehicles , with luggage tied on top , re-entering the South . The move caps a monthlong winding down of operations at the complex , which the North suspended during a frenzy of rhetoric aimed at South Korea and the United States last month . The North 's rhetoric intensified after the U.N. Security Council voted in March to slap tougher sanctions on the regime and amid U.S.-South Korean military drills in the region . The complex , which sits just north of the Demilitarized Zone that separates the two countries , houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies . One of the seven returning South Koreans , Hong Yang-ho , chairman of Kaesong Industrial District Management Committee , said his panel is urging North Korea to reopen the complex as soon as possible "  so as to minimize damages  to  relevant companies . " "  We hope there will be further negotiations through various channels , " he said Friday . South Korea presses North for talks on crisis at joint industrial zone The North began blocking South Koreans from entering the complex across the heavily fortified border in April . It then pulled out more than 50,000 North Koreans who work in the zone 's factories , saying it was temporarily suspending activity there . The move surprised some observers since Kaesong was considered a key source of hard currency for the Kim Jong Un regime . Last week , South Korea started withdrawing its remaining citizens from the manufacturing zone jointly operated with the North . The seven South Koreans who returned Friday had remained at Kaesong to tie up loose ends . South Korea withdraws citizens from joint factory after North snubs talks It is n't the first time Kaesong has shut down . In 2009 , North Korea temporarily suspended Kaesong Industrial Complex several times , not permitting South Koreans to enter and exit the zone . The suspension also took place during the annual U.S.-South Korean joint military drill . But that time , South Koreans still remained at the complex . In 2012 , the production value of the complex grew to $ 500 million ; five years earlier , it topped $ 100 million for the first time . The average wage for North Korean workers in Kaesong Industrial Complex is $ 134 per month , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry . North Korean authorities take about 45 % of their wages for various tax reasons .	The move marks the first time that no South Koreans are at 9-year-old industrial complex North Korea suspended operations at the joint economic zone last month North and South Koreans had worked at the Kaesong Industrial Complex in the North The complex houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies .
CNN  -- Shel Israel is not the kind of person you 'd expect to find on Twitter all day . He 's 65 . Shel Israel , author of a new book on Twitter . He says the micro-blogging service changed his life . But Israel has been using the micro-blogging service longer than most . In fact , he gave up his lifelong habit of reading the newspaper every day about four years ago and turned exclusively to social media . He now knows how to use Twitter , how not to use it , and how to benefit from it , and he says Twitter has changed his life . The social-media journalist and public speaker is the author of a new book , "  Twitterville : How Businesses Can Thrive in the New Global Neighborhoods . " The book shows how Twitter flattens geographical boundaries and helps people connect with others around the world who share their interests . To Israel , it 's the mundane details of one 's life , shared through tweets and status updates , that matter . He believes that tweeting about what you had for lunch can actually help build a meaningful personal or business relationship . Israel also says that who you follow on Twitter is much more important than the number of people who follow you . That 's because the people you follow become "  your newspaper -- the way you get the information that you see , that you digest , and that you use . " Here is an edited version of the conversation . CNN : Your timing in writing this book seems perfect -- Twitter just blew up . Did you see this boom coming ? Israel : Yeah I did , but not with this great prescience . I just thought it was going to get bigger and bigger , and I thought there was a value to Twitter that no other social media tool had . See part of our chat with Israel here " What are those values you mentioned that only Twitter has ? There are two values and they 're closely intertwined . The first is that Twitter lets people behave online more closely to how we behave in real life than anything that ever preceded it in history . It 's kind of past now , but there was this whole wave of admonition of nobody cares what you had for lunch , and to be honest that 's absolutely false . If I said that I was in a restaurant in Atlanta , -LSB- Georgia , -RSB- you 'd say , "  Oh , where did you go ? You did n't by chance try the ... " and we have a conversation that way . We care about the details of life . When you bring this into business , I do n't think many members of your audience ever bought or sold anything from a conversation that starts with , "  Are you going to buy something ? " It begins with small talk . And that brings us to the second point . The brevity creates an interaction that no other media tool allows . Until now most social media is I write or create something , and you read it and comment back . In Twitter , it 's so brief that no one is the lead conversationalist , really . And it is n't about what you post in 140 characters , it 's about the number of spoonfuls of content that you feed people who are interested in eating it . Why are you so fascinated by Twitter ? Most people your age do n't use social media at all . I was born too soon ?  Laughs  I do n't know what it is about me , but it 's what drew me to Silicon Valley in the first place -- I just get turned on by new ideas and new trends . I am extremely curious by nature . I like meeting people who think and act differently than I do . And that I think keeps me young , along with the fact that I spend much of my time with people younger than me . And they seem to value the fact that this older guy has some wisdom , but they do n't understand how much I 'm learning from them . You tell a lot of specific Twitter anecdotes in your book . Do you have a favorite character ? I have a few real favorites . -LSB- One is -RSB- Janis Krums , who was the 23-year-old guy taking a ferry to New Jersey when a funny thing happened -- the US Airways flight 1549 landed -LSB- on the Hudson River -RSB- a couple of football fields away from him . He whips out an iPhone , uses a 30-day-old product called Twit Pic , and takes a picture . Twenty-seven minutes later he 's on national TV , the photo he took is the backdrop , and his voice is being heard nationally through the iPhone that he used . I asked him how his life had changed by becoming the most famous citizen journalist of at least 2009 . And his answer to me was , "  You know , I did n't plan to be a citizen journalist , I just wanted to go to New Jersey . " And that might have been my single favorite answer to any question . You also describe why certain strategies work for particular organizations in your book . Are there Twitter marketing strategies that would n't work for some companies ? Yeah , I talk a lot about changing of eras . We 're going -LSB- away -RSB- from the broadcast era -- that 's when content is sandwiched by messages to pay for the experience , and those messages are in the form of advertising or PR or other marketing tactics . And most people do n't like them anymore , and we use our Tivo and our spam filters to avoid as many of these messages as possible . In social media , if companies come up and try to treat -LSB- Twitter -RSB- as just an extension of their marketing solutions , they will fail . What they need to do in social media is join the conversation rather than start the conversation , and not make it about themselves . They need to tell what they 're doing rather than sell what they 're doing . And that 's a fundamental change . We 're going into a conversational era , which is bi-directional . What would you say to employers who do n't let their employees use social media like Twitter and Facebook during work hours ? Whenever something new comes into the marketplace , there are companies that are really in love with the way it 's always been done . When you start banning things , you 're showing a natural distrust of your employees , which is , even in tough times , not an intelligent way to treat your employees . And the second thing is they 're banishing the state-of-the-art communications tool . What 's the future of Twitter , in your opinion ? A year from now , Twitter will be more of an everyday experience -- the need to meet up , to talk will move on to something that we do n't know about yet . My vision for Twitter is that employees of your age coming into the workplace will be shown a desk , a computer ... -LSB- and set up their social media accounts -RSB- and then be told to go to work and use -LSB- Twitter -RSB- how they see fit to get the job done .	Shel Israel is the author of a new book about how to get the most out of Twitter Israel says tweeting about mundane details can help build meaningful relationships Who you follow on Twitter is more important than who follows you , he says Israel : Twitter is ushering in a two-directional , conversational era of marketing
CNN  Most kids want to go out and play when they finish their homework early . But Zuriel Oduwole is n't "  most kids . " When she gets ahead of her work , she packs her camera and microphones , jumps on a plane and interviews presidents instead . Born in California to a Nigerian father and a Mauritian mother , Oduwole is often described as "  the world 's youngest filmmaker . " Aged 12 , she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues . It all started three years ago when Oduwole decided to enter a school documentary-making competition with a film about the Ghana revolution . Jerry John Rawlings  Ghana John Kufour  Ghana Joyce Banda  Malawi Jakaya Kikwete  Tanzania Rajkeswur Purryag  Mauritius Uhuru Kenyatta  Kenya Goodluck Johnathan  Nigeria Salva Kirr Mayardit  South Sudan Ellen Johnson Sirleaf  Liberia Jorge Fonseco  Cape Verde Portia Simpson Miller  Jamaica Thomas Thabane  Lesotho Ralph Gonsalves  St Vincent & Grenadines Denzil Douglas  St Kitts & Nevis After this first foray into filmmaking , Oduwole was bitten by the director 's bug and quickly wanted to make more movies . She turned to the web to find the tools she needed and got involved in the entire filmmaking process . "  As I edit , produce , set up and write the scripts for my documentaries , I have to learn a lot of things , " says Oduwole , who is self-taught and uses online editing and voice software . Her second outing , "  Educating and Healing Africa Out of Poverty , " looked at the creation of the African Union in 1963 . She followed it up in 2014 with her movie "  Technology in Educational Development . " But it was her most recent project that catapulted her to international recognition . Released late last year , "  A Promising Africa "  watch trailer below  is the first in an ongoing series which will profile five African nations , starting with her father 's homeland of Nigeria . "  I 've interviewed 14 heads of state and a few of those include the President of Tanzania , Liberia , Kenya , South Sudan , Nigeria and Cape Verde , to name a few , " says Oduwole . "  I 've also been able to interview business leaders like my friend Mr Aliko Dangote . " To date , "  A Promising Africa " has received a limited-release on the big screen in five countries -- Nigeria , Ghana , South Africa , UK and Japan . The young trailblazer , who was named by Business Insider as one of world 's 100 most powerful individuals last year , delightedly recalls seeing her film on the big screen and walking the red carpet in Lagos . "  I 'm hoping that when people see these documentaries they will see Africa is full of positive things -- not just the things that are on the news like war , famine , disease , " she says . "  I want to show them there is a lot more to Africa than what we see on the news -- there 's dancing , music , great culture and more . " Although she 's just 12 , Oduwole , who is home-schooled through an online Californian system , is already a 9th grader -- two years ahead of the rest of the kids her age . Her mother , Patricia , has a full-time job as a computer engineer , whilst her father , Ademola , has taken time off his work in the tourism sector to help organize a lot of what Zuriel and her three other siblings are doing . "  There really is a lot happening in our household but somehow we make it work , " says Patricia Oduwole . In addition to her documentary work , Oduwole has also become something of an education advocate . She travels to different African countries and the diaspora on a regular basis to talk to students about the importance of education . So far , through her side project "  Dream Up , Speak Up , Stand Up " she says she 's had the opportunity to talk to 21,000 children in nine countries . "  Girl 's education is important because on the African continent , where there are not as many resources , the boys are the first -LSB- to get an education -RSB- , " says Oduwole . "  The boys go to school and get an education while the girls stay at home . And those girls are n't educated and have fewer options in life when they get older . " More from African Voices	Zuriel Oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker To date , she has interviewed 14 heads of state
CNN  -- Two roosters tear at each other in a fenced ring in a recent match in Kentucky . But even more shocking than the illegal fight in the ring may be who was in the crowd watching , says the Humane Society of the United States . Camera footage from an undercover operation shows children and uniformed police officers attending the recent cockfight , the Humane Society says . "  Cockfighting is a cruel blood sport that is illegal in Kentucky and every other state , " said John Goodwin , manager of animal fighting issues for the group . "  Kentucky police officers should not treat this criminal activity with a wink and a nod , and it 's another sign that state lawmakers must act to strengthen the penalties for cockfighting . " The video released Tuesday shows fights at a cockfighting pit in Manchester , Kentucky , the Humane Society said . As the roosters thrash at each other , the camera pans to the crowd of dozens gathered , cheering for the birds . At least four law enforcement officers can be seen in the crowd , including a Kentucky state trooper who was talking to a young boy . Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear released a statement about the video . "  The Governor has spoken to the Kentucky State Police commissioner . Regarding this incident depicted on video , the Kentucky State Police are conducting an internal inquiry , " the statement said . "  However , Kentucky State Police are fully committed to enforcing all criminal laws , including those against animal cruelty . "	Undercover footage shows kids , officers at cockfight , animal rights group says . Cockfighting is illegal "  cruel blood sport , " Humane Society manager says Kentucky state police investigating , governor says
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 160 people have been arrested in connection with the massacre earlier this month of scores of people in central Nigeria , a national police spokesman told CNN Monday . Of the 163 arrested , 41 will be charged with homicide , said spokesman Emmanuel Ojukwu . The other 122 will be charged with rioting , arson and possession of firearms , he said . More than 200 people died in the March 7 massacre , according to some estimates . They took place in predominately Christian towns near the city of Jos , where about 150 people , mostly Muslims , were reported killed in January . The region lies on a faith-based fault line between Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria and the mainly Christian south . Ojukwu said the ethnic backgrounds of those arrested are mixed , but they are all from the area near Jos. Human Rights Watch said the attacks by Muslims with guns , machetes and knives apparently were in retaliation for the previous attacks against Islamic communities and the theft of cattle from herdsmen . Last week , at least 11 more people were killed in a predominantly Christian village . Choji Gyang , special adviser on religious affairs to the governor of the Nigerian state of Plateau , has said the attackers were Muslim herdsmen , some dressed in military uniforms . They also stole about 120 cattle from the village , he said . The violence has put much of oil-rich Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , on edge . Authorities in Lagos took the unusual step of sending a text message to residents earlier this month to try to put them at ease . The violence often pits Christians and Muslims against each other . But John Onaiyekan , Roman Catholic archbishop of Abuja , Nigeria , and former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo have said that the violence is fueled more by other factors : ethnic , social and economic problems . "  If you have one group or a community that has land that 's been encroached upon by another community or even by itinerant cattle farmers , then the people who lay claim to the land will fight back , " Obasanjo recently told CNN . "  If there are job opportunities in an area , and persons believe they are indigenous to that area , and  are  not getting enough out of the jobs that are available , they will fight those who are getting the jobs . "	More than 200 people were slain on March 7 in mostly Christian towns Of the 163 arrested , 41 will be charged with homicide Massacre thought to be in retaliation for deaths of about 150 Muslims in January Nigeria has a mainly Muslim north and a mainly Christian south
CNN  -- Ever since the Trayvon Martin case came to national attention , George Zimmerman has been described by some as having racially profiled the 17-year-old before he was shot and killed . There 's a difference of opinion about whether racial profiling was actually involved , but a key question that is often overlooked is the distinction between profiling by a citizen and profiling by a member of law enforcement . That distinction is likely to be crucial in determining the direction the case may go . As a criminal defense attorney for more than 30 years , I ca n't even begin to recall how many cases my firm has handled that involved challenging law enforcement officers for the practice of stopping or searching an individual based on what is typically referred to as racial profiling . Essentially , racial profiling occurs when race , national origin or ethnicity is the primary or sole consideration used by an officer of the law when intervening in a law enforcement capacity . Racial profiling is a form of discrimination that is not only despicable , but also is an illegal and improper basis for any police officer to stop , search , arrest or investigate another person . The issue of racial profiling has been bandied about often in discussions of Martin 's shooting . As with many things concerning the case , much misinformation has circulated . Zimmerman was not a law enforcement agent . He was a civilian , operating under different legal standards than those applied to the police . Merely because he was a neighborhood watch captain does not attach law enforcement status to him . Tape showed Zimmerman 's anger over black man 's beating It has been reported that he acquired a concealed weapon permit , which legally allowed him to conceal the gun that was used to shoot and kill Martin . Hence , although Zimmerman was possibly negligent , irresponsible and exercised poor judgment , it was not illegal for him to follow Martin , carry a gun when doing so or even ignore the opinion of the civilian 911 dispatcher when advised , regarding his following Martin , "  OK , we do n't need you to do that . " The only legal relevance as to whether race was the determining factor in the following and killing of Martin was whether it goes to establish if Zimmerman exercised a "  depraved mind " regarding the killing . This requisite depravity is a necessary element for second-degree murder in Florida , the crime for which Zimmerman has been charged . If racism or bigotry can be established as the basis for killing Martin , then a second-degree murder charge could be appropriate . However , with the evidence that has emerged , especially that contained within the discovery documents released in recent days , proof of a racial motive concerning the shooting seems wholly lacking . Opinion : What to take away from the death of Trayvon Martin Even if a racial aspect was among the factors that led Zimmerman to be suspicious of Martin and follow him , the law regarding what a civilian may do when following another person was not necessarily broken . Is it racial profiling for a black man to avoid going into a biker bar at night in a small rural town ? Is it racial profiling for a white person to refuse to take a stroll through housing projects in a large urban city at midnight ? . The biker bar and the projects both undoubtedly are filled with people who are racially colorblind , but most would assume that some might not be . Is it racial profiling or life 's cumulative experiences and knowledge or simply common sense that would cause one to formulate an opinion ? A civilian standard of profiling is much different legally than that applied to a law enforcement officer . A civilian , as offensive as it may be , is allowed to personally act on biases or prejudices , whereas a law enforcement officer is prohibited from doing so . From the first press reports , I believed the shooting was racially motivated . If so , life in prison would be wholly appropriate as a punishment upon conviction . However , research , investigation and learning the facts caused me to reverse this earlier opinion . The apparent absence of reported previous acts of bigotry , the statements from family and friends indicating Zimmerman was n't prejudiced , being raised in a multiracial family and having many ethnically diverse friends  which standing alone would be irrelevant but relevant to me when taken in totality with these other indicators  , his mentoring of two black youth over a couple of years at his own expense and doing so without fanfare or attention and a review of prior calls and the 911 call indicating race was n't the basis of the call are some of the reasons for reassessing my original opinion . Moreover , documents released in the case indicate Zimmerman had previously expressed concern and was critical of the Sanford , Florida , police for the way they treated a case involving the beating of a homeless black man when they did n't arrest the white defendant immediately .  A lawyer in my firm represented the defendant in that case , who was the son of a Sanford police officer . There is a question about whether George Zimmerman primarily called the police to report suspicious activity of young black men . If true , this is quite troubling . But before its relevance could be fully determined , an analysis would need to be made of each call to determine the ratio of calls made relative to blacks , whites and Hispanics , whether other strangers who were n't black were ever seen in the complex and not called on and whether unknown black men were ever seen in the complex and the police not called . It would also be relevant to determine whether the race of the suspects in the rash of burglaries that had previously occurred in the complex were ever identified . Too much speculation has surrounded this tragedy and I think it important to fully evaluate such matters before conclusions are reached . Barring new facts or possibly a more detailed analysis of Zimmerman 's previous calls , there does n't appear to be any evidence or support for the supposition that bigotry or prejudice played a role in Zimmerman 's shooting of Martin This does n't mean Martin had to die . Would Zimmerman have been so bold if he was n't carrying a gun ? Likely not , and I 've argued before that gun laws need to be reviewed in light of this case . This was the inevitable deadly consequence when an altercation occurred and a gun was legally allowed to be in a public place . Without establishing that the killing was racially motivated , any claim that Zimmerman committed second-degree murder in shooting Martin will not survive . Interestingly , the state in its charging affidavit simply claimed Zimmerman "  profiled " Martin , not that he racially profiled him . This allows the state to keep such a claim open-ended , likely knowing early on that it could n't sustain the burden of proving racial profiling . More and more , this case looks like it will be thrown out in criminal court and eventually be headed to civil court . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark NeJame .	Mark NeJame : Many have said George Zimmerman engaged in racial profiling He says civilians are n't subject to same restrictions as police officers face Evidence does n't support the claim that his actions were racially motivated , NeJame says He says case may not hold up in criminal court , may go to civil lawsuit
CNN  -- "  Oh , look at all the swans , " she said . I was driving my daughter to her boyfriend 's house . About 20 mute swans were floating in the shallows near the shore of Conscience Bay in the Long Island Sound . I wondered whether , in all good conscience , I should ruin my daughter 's swan swoon . "  Take a good look at them , " I said , "  because the state plans to exterminate them . " "  What ? " she looked stricken . "  All the swans in the whole bay ? " "  All the mute swans in the whole state , " I said . "  WHY ? " she demanded . "  They 're my favorite bird . " "  The reason is , they 're not native . They come from Europe . And they eat a lot of vegetation . And they 're territorial , so they give some native ducks and geese a hard time . Also , during breeding season , they hiss and bluff , and that scares some people . " "  Those are stupid reasons , " she said , demanding to know who is planning to kill them . I told her it 's the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation . "  You ca n't be serious . The department of conservation is going to kill all of my favorite birds ? " She was silent for a moment and then brightened and asked , "  Are you fooling me ? " "  Not fooling . Why are they your favorite ? " "  Well , because , I mean , they 're monogamous -- " Lots of birds , actually , are monogamous . And lots of monogamous birds color outside the lines . I kept silent , like the mute swans , on this point . We were , after all , going to her boyfriend 's house , and monogamy is something I support . " -- and they 're , y' know , I mean look at how graceful they look out there . And , like , they start out ugly and then grow up to be so beautiful . It 's the whole ugly duckling thing . I mean , I do n't have any substantial reasons ; they 're just my favorite . " I have favorite birds too , and I do n't have any better reasons for why my favorites are my favorites . Alexandra kept staring at the swans . "  You should write something about this , " she said . "  I should do a lot of things , " I reminded both of us . I kind of agree with the department 's main reason for exterminating New York state 's resident mute swans  by the way , that 's the species ' name , because they 're usually silent  . Non-native species often pose problems . I just have two problems with the plan . One , I do n't think mute swans are really too much of a threat to anything or anyone in New York state . They live mainly on Long Island and the lower Hudson , with a few on the Great Lakes . They number just around 2,200 birds , total , in the whole state . Not exactly a plague . The state says that mute swans are a problem for native waterfowl . I see native waterfowl , and their ducklings and goslings , on many of the same ponds where I see swans . Native waterfowl , by the way , that the state permits hunters to kill . Here 's what hunters in New York state are allowed : "  The daily limit of 6 ducks includes all species of mergansers , and may include 4 mallards  no more than 2 of which may be hens  , 1 black duck , 3 wood ducks , 2 pintail , 2 redheads , 2 scaup , 2 canvasback , 4 scoters or 2 hooded mergansers . " I 'd like to know whether any mute swans kill six ducks per day or even per year . Mute swans have no direct interactions with most sea ducks -- I do n't even think they compete for food -- but hunters have a "  daily limit of 7 sea ducks  scoters , eiders and long-tailed ducks  in addition to the regular duck bag in coastal waters of the Long Island Zone only . " Note italics in the state regulations : Hunters may kill extra sea ducks only if they happen to be hunting in the part of the state where the sea is . Clever . So who and what is the greater problem ? And is there really a problem ? Mute swans are territorial , and as near as I can tell , their own territoriality seems , in my casual observations , self-limiting . On the ponds I know , there 's usually just one nesting pair . I think they themselves keep it that way by preventing other swans from nesting . The state claims that their numbers are increasing . Assuming that 's true , and assuming that 's a problem , why not reduce their numbers by letting hunters shoot the swans that are purportedly causing the problem for native ducks , instead of shooting native ducks ? I know , of course , that such logic is dead on arrival , but I 'm just sayin ' . So around Long Island where mute swans are such a problem for ducks , the lucky hunter can kill a baker 's dozen of ducks daily . I am getting a mental image of a lineup of people who 've killed too many ducks , with a mute swan standing among them . Hmm ; who 's the culprit ? By the way , sea ducks taste terrible to most people , and I 've seen hunters kill them , collect them and throw them in the bushes . Often , they just shoot them and let them drift away on the tide . But to hear the state 's explanation , you 'd think that the problem for ducks is : mute swans . The only other problem I have with the plan to exterminate the swans is , that is a very stupid idea . I mean that in the most supportive sense of the word , "  stupid . " For a public agency that needs public trust and support to attack birds with which people feel a symbolic bond is unwise . Here 's what I learned a long time ago by watching a venerable old conservation organization tear itself in half over an attempt to replace its much-loved generations-old logo : Never attack symbols unless you 're sure you are right , you know you can win and you do n't care about creating permanent enmity and resentment and alienating a lot of people . The reason mute swans were brought here from Europe is , people really like them . People like them because they look beautiful , and they look beautiful because people can actually see them . We are surrounded by literally hundreds of species of native birds , many of them absolutely stunning , that people ca n't see because they are too hidden , too small , you need binoculars , they 're in the treetops or you have to get out of your car . "  To speak truly , " Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote , "  few adult persons can see nature . Most persons do not see the sun . " For them , there 's mute swans . It 's a start . Non-native animals are often a terrible problem for native wildlife . But not always  honey bees come to mind  . There 's little that can be done about zebra mussels , starlings , Japanese barberry and most invasive aliens . Yet before we exterminate the ones we can truly bully , let 's be sure they 're really a problem . And let 's be sure that utter extermination is really the best goal . Or else , like the mute swan itself , let us hold our peace . Comments on the draft mute swan plan may be submitted today to the NYSDEC Bureau of Wildlife , Swan Management Plan , 625 Broadway , Albany , NY 12233-4754 or by e-mail to : fwwildlf@gw.dec.state.ny.us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	New York 's state environmental agency drafted a plan to exterminate mute swans Carl Safina : If swans are problem for native ducks , let hunters shoot them He says mute swans are not a serious threat ; they 're symbolic , beautiful and well-liked Safina : Exterminating the swans is a dumb idea ; you can voice your opinion to the state
NEW YORK  CNN  -- This classic chant of "  Extra ! Extra ! Read all about it ! " -- barked out by battalions of newsboys hawking newspapers -- died decades ago , a casualty of home delivery , mass distribution and the advent of coin-operated newspaper machines . Some coin-operated newspaper machines have lasted for 30 years , but lack of sales may force their retirement . But now as newspapers across the country wage a battle to survive in a market where readers are increasingly gravitating to the Internet for information , the fate of another industry fixture seems inevitable . Could those steel machines on street corners , distributing newspapers since the '50s , be headed for the scrap pile ? To begin to answer the question , all it takes is an early morning visit with a man who feeds those machines . It 's 5:30 a.m. on a Saturday , and a white delivery truck for the New Jersey Record has just pulled into the parking lot outside the Plaza Diner in Fort Lee , New Jersey . The driver -- Mike , who asked that his last name not be used -- is at one of his 130 stops on an eight-hour shift that began at midnight . Mike 's job , which takes less than a couple of minutes per stop , entails filling the coin-operated machine with the day 's papers , collecting unsold copies and emptying the machine of its coins . Even though Mike has a full schedule and lots of stops , it does n't equate to pushing as many papers as he once did . Mike loads 15 copies of the Record into one machine -- and that 's a good load , he says . Other locations receive only five to seven copies . He 's also tasked with filling machines for USA Today . Though he 's been on this job for only two years , Mike has been on the route long enough to know business is down . He says newspapers sell better at train stations than from the street machines he services . The demise of newspapers across the country is getting a lot of front-page headlines . The Seattle Post-Intelligencer in Washington was just one of the most recent victims , ceasing print publication in March as declining circulation and plummeting advertising sales forced it to retrench and become just an online provider of journalism . Even the legendary New York Times will force readers to dig deeper for more coins as it raises prices June 1 , with the price of a paper going from $ 1.50 to $ 2 . The publication that touts "  All The News That 's Fit to Print " has been relying less on newspaper racks . In 1999 , the Times had 13,300 vending machines , but today that number has shrunk to 5,678 , according to Diane McNulty , spokeswoman for the Times . "  One of the factors is home delivery , " McNulty said , adding , "  This was due to our national expansion -- where once many readers could only get copies from the newsstand or vending machine , they can now enjoy home delivery service . " But all the gloom-and-doom predictions that newspapers will one day disappear is n't scaring workers at the Kaspar Sho-Rack Company , based in Shiner , Texas . The company lays claim to being the world 's largest manufacturer of coin-operated and no-charge newspaper vending machines . Don Kaspar is president and a fourth-generation member of a family business that began in 1898 manufacturing wire products . "  There 'll be printed newspapers for years and years " said Kaspar , president of a company that is actually part of the larger Kaspar Wireworks . Still , he concedes , "  Business is down about 25 to 30 percent from about five years ago . " It was n't until the late 1950s that the privately owned company was approached by the now defunct San Antonio Light newspaper to develop an early version of coin-operated newspaper machines . The early versions of newspaper machines were simple and made mostly of wire , but by the mid-1960s they were all made of metal . The machines typically consist of a thick metal housing , shelves , doors and hinges . But the heart of any machine is the coin mechanism , which can have 150 moving parts , according to the manufacturer . Some advanced models introduced in 1999 feature lithium batteries to run the coin-collecting mechanism . Often weighing around 100 pounds , these hand-assembled machines cost on average $ 450 each , with refurbished models selling for around $ 300 , the company says . The zenith of the company 's business may have been the 1980s , when the introduction of USA Today landed it a contract to build and deliver 100,000 coin-operated machines . Today only 65,000 machines populate the nation 's sidewalks , according to a USA Today spokesperson . In 1985 , Sho-Rack sold its 1 millionth newspaper machine and it has sold several hundred thousand since . Its biggest clients have been the giants of newspaper publishing , including Gannett , Tribune , Newhouse and the McClatchy newspaper groups . But the fate of those publishers directly affects the bottom line at Sho-Rack . "  Business now ? It 's certainly slowed down , " said Kaspar . "  Free publication racks ... we 've stayed fairly busy with those . Coin - operated machines ? Newspapers are cutting costs and pulling a lot of the racks from outlying areas . As a result this causes a surplus number of racks and then ultimately less of a need for new racks from us . " Though the coin-operated machine business makes up 25 percent of the parent company 's overall business , Sho-Rack has learned to diversify and adapt . "  We 're not dependent on any one industry , " Kaspar said . The company , which employs nearly 500 workers and occupies more than 500,000 square feet in a small rural town , also manufactures thousands of wire , tubing and sheet metal products . The average life span of a coin-operated newspaper machine depends on several factors . Some machines , even with modest refurbishments every couple of years , have lasted for 30 years . For others it can be five minutes after an encounter with a snowplow . For the Kaspar Sho-Rack Company , as long as newspapers are printed and sold , its machines will gladly continue to accept coins .	Fewer customers buy from coin-operated newspaper machines Delivery man says newspapers sell better from train stations than street machines Texas company that makes the machines says business is down "  There 'll be printed newspapers for years and years , " firm 's president says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hugh Jackman revealed Thursday that he had a cancerous growth removed from his nose . The actor posted a picture of his bandaged nose on his Instagram account with a message to fans : "  Deb said to get the mark on my nose checked . Boy , was she right ! I had a  basal  cell carcinoma . Please do n't be foolish like me . Get yourself checked . And USE sunscreen !!! " Do n't forget your nose : sun screen 101 Deb is Deborra-Lee Furness , his wife of 17 years . Jackman , 45 , did n't share any other details about the procedure . Tumor Paint : Changing the way surgeons fight cancer CNN 's Abbey Goodman contributed to this report .	Jackman 's wife urged him to get his nose checked "  Boy , was she right ! " Jackman says of cancerous growth Message to fans : "  Get yourself checked . And USE sunscreen !!! "
CNN  -- With extreme heat and the worst drought in half a century continuing to plague the farm states , there are important lessons to be learned for all of us -- farmers , consumers and the world 's poorest populations alike -- about the effect of climate change . The Agriculture Department announced this season 's first major crop yield forecasts , and they were n't pretty : a nationwide average of 123.4 bushels of corn per acre , the lowest level since 1995 . Soybean yield is expected to be low too , though not as bad as corn . The United States , which is the world 's largest producer and exporter of staple grains , is grappling with the biggest surprise in production shortfalls since the Dust Bowl of the 1930s . Certainly , this July surpassed July 1936 as the hottest month on record . So , how will the devastation affect U.S. crop farmers ? Drought , heat bring spiders out Since mid-June , corn prices have risen about 60 % , more than twice the projected decline in yield . This means that farm revenue will go up . About 90 % of the corn acreage is backed by a generously subsidized federal insurance program , described by Steven Colbert as "  Obamacare for the corn , " so crop farmers will be just fine . Livestock farmers who use corn to feed their animals could see higher costs , but most have contracts with processors who provide their feed grains . What about consumers ? Will high commodity prices affect the prices of food you eat ? Not much , actually . Commodity prices account for just a tiny share of retail food prices . If you 're a shrewd shopper , next year you may notice higher prices for meat , milk , eggs , and cheese and all types of processed foods . The USDA estimates that food prices will increase 3 to 4 % in 2013 . This is not going to radically change your life . People in rich countries like the U.S. are not going to eat much less or much differently as a result of modestly higher prices . The crop losses will have the most effect on the world 's poorest populations . About 2 billion people still live on $ 2 a day or less . Many of them live in urban areas of developing countries . Often , they must spend half or more of their income on food , the bulk coming from staple grains like corn , wheat and rice . For these people , a huge rise in grain prices is more than noticeable -- it can literally break their budget . In 2008 and 2011 , when corn prices went up to levels nearly as high as today 's , the world saw a sharp rise in food riots . Many pointed to wheat prices as a catalyst for revolutions in the Middle East , including Egypt , Tunisia and Libya . It is not hard to see that food-related security problems overseas could cost us far more than the extra pennies we 'll pay at the grocery store . NASA scientist links climate change , extreme weather The U.S. can ease price pains somewhat by suspending government rules that mandate biofuel production . In 2011 , about 40 % of U.S. corn crops were diverted to ethanol  a quarter , if we take into account that nutritional content is recycled back into feeds for animals in the form of distiller grains  . But this seems untenable politically . The larger and more important issue is whether this year 's bad crop yield is an omen of what we should expect going forward . Record high temperatures are occurring with far greater frequency than in decades past , and crop yields decline sharply in extreme heat . In research that Wolfram Schlenker and I have conducted using the Hadley III climate model , we project yield declines of about 20 % over the next 20 years , holding all else the same . This summer 's extreme heat may just become typical in 15 years . Some have criticized these projections as too pessimistic , and they just might be . An atmosphere richer in carbon dioxide concentrations may allow plants to transpire less water during photosynthesis , and thus , improve drought tolerance . Farmers can adjust to earlier planting times , perhaps avoiding some extreme temperatures during the sensitive flowering period , and lengthening the growing season . And new drought-tolerant crop varieties have been developed . This season was a good test of these adaptive strategies . It appears they did n't work . Carbon dioxide concentrations are much higher than they were in 1983 and 1988 , when it was nearly as hot as this summer . And farmers planted much earlier than usual , many using new drought-tolerant varieties . Record drought is good business for some For now , we can take a little comfort that ample harvests in the Dakotas , Minnesota and parts of the South could make up for some of the decimated crops in the central Midwest this year . But next year ? And the years after ? In the long term , a warming world will be a difficult challenge for our crops and all of us . Complete coverage : drought The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Roberts .	Michael Roberts : Extreme heat and drought are signs of a changing climate Roberts : Farmers and U.S. consumers will be fine ; food prices will go up a bit in 2013 He says the crop losses will have the most effect on the world 's poorest populations Roberts : This summer 's extreme heat may just become typical in 15 years
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  Ferguson 's police chief and other city officials are already out . Now some residents have told the Missouri city they 'll try to oust the mayor , too . Five residents Friday filed an affidavit saying they 'll try to force a referendum on whether to remove Mayor James Knowles -- capping a tumultuous week in a community grappling not only with last year 's fatal shooting of teenager Michael Brown , but also Wednesday 's wounding of two police officers shot during a protest . A group supporting the filing , Organization for Black Struggle , a 35-year-old St. Louis-based activist group , said the five would try to collect enough signatures -- 15 % of the city 's registered voters -- in the next 60 days . The five "  initiated recall  attempt  due to Mayor Knowles ' failure to adequately rein in an out-of-control police department during the protests following Mike Brown 's death , " the activist group said . The city government acknowledged Saturday that it received the affidavit . Earlier this week , the police chief and the city manager resigned in the wake of a U.S. Justice Department report alleging institutionalized racism at just about every level of Ferguson 's municipal government , including the police department . Residents elect City Council members , who in turn appoint the city manager . The city manager directs and supervises all city departments , including police . The top municipal court clerk was fired earlier in connection with racist emails . This month 's Justice Department report was initiated after one of Ferguson 's police officers , Darren Wilson , shot and killed African-American teen Michael Brown in August , a shooting that spurred months of protests . Wilson , a white officer who said he shot Brown in self-defense , will not be charged in the case -- a grand jury declared it would n't indict him in November , and the Justice Department said this month that it would not bring federal civil rights charges in the case . Wilson resigned from the department in November , citing security concerns . Knowles indicated Friday he wo n't be stepping down . "  I think it 's important to recognize that there 's a lot of people who may be angry at the situation ; there 's a lot of people who are frustrated in this community with the way things have gone down , " the mayor , who is white , told CNN . "  But there 's a lot of people who still -- and who have expressed this to me -- express confidence in both my willingness , and members of the  City  Council 's willingness , to listen , to be responsive , and to make changes as necessary , " he continued . "  People in the community recognize this , now , not everybody . I did n't win every time with 100 % of the vote . But I can tell you there are ways to remove me if that is the will of the people , " the mayor said . Blake Ashby , a white resident of Ferguson , said Friday that he believed Knowles has "  consciously tried to reach out to all parts " of the city of 21,000 people . "  If we lose Mayor Knowles , we lose a force for change , and it will be harder to make the changes that the DOJ  Department of Justice  is asking for , " Ashby said . Rasheen Aldridge , a black member of a commission charged with recommending reforms in Ferguson , said that Knowles needed to resign in the wake of the DOJ report . "  He knew what was going on during his watch , " said Aldridge , a member of the Ferguson Commission , which Gov. Jay Nixon formed last year . Investigators still are seeking breaks in the case of two police officers who were shot Wednesday night during a protest in Ferguson . While the demonstrators ' focus was Ferguson , neither of the wounded officers works for that police department . One is from Webster Groves , a St. Louis suburb 13 miles south of Ferguson . The officer -- a 32-year-old with seven years ' experience -- was shot at the high point of his cheek , just under his right eye , police said . The other was hit in the shoulder and the bullet came out the middle of his back . He is a 41-year-old officer with the St. Louis County Police who has been in law enforcement for 14 years . Both were treated and released . "  I can not tell you an arrest is imminent , and there 's certainly no one in custody , " St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar told reporters Friday afternoon . "  The detectives are working this investigation around the clock , and they will not rest until we have a conclusion in this investigation , " the chief said . Police have "  several leads , " he said . "  I think we have a pretty good general idea of where we think the shots came from . " Sara Sidner reported from Ferguson , Missouri . Jason Hanna reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ed Payne and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Group says mayor failed to rein in police during protests after Michael Brown 's 2014 death Mayor wo n't step down , saying "  there are ways to remove me "
Washington  CNN  -- Washington Wizards player Javaris Crittenton Monday became the second member of the NBA team to plead guilty to a weapons charge following a gun-toting locker-room incident . Crittenton , 22 , pleaded guilty in Superior Court in the District of Columbia to a misdemeanor count of possession of an unregistered firearm . He will avoid jail time . Judge Bruce Beaudin sentenced Crittenton to one year of unsupervised probation . The judge also ordered him to perform community service with a children 's organization in Washington and through the NBA 's Haiti project . "  Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences , " said U.S. Attorney Channing Phillips . "  We commend Mr. Crittenton for accepting responsibility and hope he fully appreciates the gravity of his actions , " Phillips said . The Wizards said in a statement that the charges and Crittenton 's plea were "  another disappointing development in what has already been a long and frustrating process for the team , the NBA and , most importantly , our fans . " "  Javaris clearly used very bad judgment in this situation and will now face the consequences of his actions , " the statement said . Crittenton , who is currently listed as inactive on the Wizards ' roster and has not played a game all season , agreed with prosecutors that the incident stemmed from an angry exchange with teammate Gilbert Arenas following arguments over a card game . The argument led to shooting threats , according to documents submitted to the court . Prosecutors say Arenas threatened to burn or blow up Crittenton 's car when they came to practice the following Monday . "  According to Crittenton before he left his home in Virginia for practice that day , Crittenton placed a lawfully owned unloaded handgun into his backpack because he believed that Arenas would carry out his threat to shoot him that day , " prosecutors said . Authorities say Crittenton displayed the weapon to Arenas , but did not aim it at him or load the weapon . Arenas had placed four of his own guns at Crittenton 's locker and told him to "  pick one , " authorities said . Authorities say Crittenton had been cooperating with them after the incident , and had voluntarily surrendered his weapon , a 9 mm semi-automatic Taurus , to law enforcement officials . Arenas , a former NBA all-star , pleaded guilty to a more serious felony charge and faces potentially six months in jail , and has been suspended indefinitely by the NBA . His sentencing is set for March 26 .	NEW : Wizards call charges and sentencing "  another disappointing development " Washington Wizards player Javaris Crittenton , 22 , pleads to misdemeanor count While he will avoid jail time , Crittenton must perform community service Crittenton agreed incident stemmed from angry exchange with teammate Gilbert Arenas
Panama City  CNN  -- Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega arrived Sunday evening in his home country , nearly 22 years after U.S. forces forcibly removed him from office . The 77-year-old was taken straight to El Renacer prison to serve time for crimes committed during his rule . Reporters flooded the medium-security facility in Gamboa , but the former leader was shielded from public view . Officials later confirmed that he was there . Earlier , Noriega arrived at the Tocumen International Airport in Panama City , where security was tight . "  I think it has historic and symbolic significance , " said Michael Shifter , president of the Washington D.C.-based Inter-American Dialogue , about Noriega 's return . "  It 's a sense of closure for the Panamanian people . He clearly was a dictator for six years and presided over assassinations , disappearances and killing of opposition leaders . And so I think that it 's something that was unfinished business and I think it 's important for Panama to have a sense of closure , " he said . Noriega 's extradition process began Sunday morning with a flight from Paris to Madrid . He was in Spanish police custody during a four-hour layover before leaving Madrid Sunday afternoon on a flight to Panama City , a spokesman for Spain 's airport authority said . Last month , a French court authorized his extradition to Panama , where officials want Noriega to face justice in the killings of Hugo Spadafora , his political opponent , and at least one other person . He was convicted in absentia . Speaking outside of the prison complex in Gamboa , Noriega 's attorney said his client deserves fair representation . "  He  Noriega  wanted to return to the country and face in this land the charges for which he was tried in absentia , " attorney Julio Berrios told reporters . "  General Noriega is accused of having participated in three homicides . U.S. President George H.W. Bush invaded us and that cost 4,000 deaths . Has anybody said anything against Bush ? " he said . Noriega has been in France since 2010 , after two decades in an American prison . Authorities have strengthened security to guarantee his safety in Panama , according to Panamanian Foreign Minister Roberto Henriquez . "  We have to be ready for all the possibilities in all aspects . Noriega inspires very big emotions , and Noriega 's life could very well be at risk in Panama , " Henriquez said . Interior Minister Roxana Mendez said Noriega will receive the same treatment as other inmates in the Panamanian prison . "  The Panamanian state has no special consideration when it comes to him serving his sentence inside the prison complex , " Mendez said . "  However , based on our laws , and if there 's a valid request from his attorneys , they can ask that he be transferred from the prison to house arrest if the inmate 's health is in jeopardy or if the inmate , being over 70 years old , may face risks inside the prison complex . " Last year , a French court sentenced Noriega to seven years in prison for laundering 2.3 million euros  $ 2.9 million  through banks there . He was ordered to pay the money back . Noriega denied the charges . For almost two decades , Noriega was a major player in a country of critical regional importance to the United States because of its location on the Panama Canal , the key strategic and economic waterway between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans on the narrow isthmus linking the Americas . Amid growing unrest in Panama , then-U.S. President Bush ordered the invasion of Panama in December 1989 , saying Noriega 's rule posed a threat to U.S. lives and property . Noriega fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . He surrendered in January 1990 and was quickly escorted to the United States for civilian trial . Noriega was indicted in the United States on charges of racketeering , laundering drug money and drug trafficking . He was accused of having links to Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar 's notorious Medellin cartel and , in the process , amassing a multimillion-dollar fortune . He was convicted of drug trafficking and other crimes in the United States . While in U.S. custody , he suffered from prostate cancer and a stroke . The man who once loomed large in Panama , Noriega returned home a shadow of his former self . "  I do n't think it 's going to change in great measure the politics in Panama , " said Shifter . "  The country has moved on . They 're interested in different things . Many young people do n't even know about the Noriega era . But I think for those who do remember I think it is important , " he said . CNN 's Rafael Fuenmayor , Alexander Felton and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	Manuel Noriega arrives at El Renacer prison in Gamboa His attorney says the former dictator deserves fair representation Noriega was convicted in absentia for crimes committed during his rule Because of his age , he may ask to serve time under house arrest
CNN  -- Three men were arrested with bombs in their possession one day after blasts ripped through the Nigerian city of Jos on Christmas Eve , a government official said Monday . "  They were heading to bomb a church when they were arrested , " said Gyang Choji , a special advisor to the governor of Nigeria 's Plateau state . He said one of the suspects is a citizen of the Republic of Chad , while the other two are Nigerian . Choji did not say the men , who were arrested in the area of Dogon Dutse , were suspects in the Christmas Eve attacks , which killed at least 31 people and wounded 74 . He had previously said it was unclear who set off the blasts or whether they were related . "  The security persons are carrying out the investigations , " Choji said . Jos lies on a faith-based fault line between Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria and the mainly Christian south . Following the blasts , angry residents and young men took to the streets where they clashed with the military . "  On the 25th , as a result of the bombing on Christmas Eve , the angry youth in Angwan Rukuba were shouting and came out on the streets and demanded that the soldiers be removed from the streets , " said Choji . Two young men were killed by gunshots fired by soldiers and 25 people were wounded , he said . Residents of Angwan Rukuba held a press conference Sunday , condemning the soldiers responsible for the shooting . Community members are also petitioning the government to request that those responsible be brought to justice , Choji said . In recent weeks , the governor 's office had received letters purported to be from some Muslim organizations threatening attacks against Christians , Choji had said previously . "  The security officials did n't take the threat letters seriously . They were thought of as gimmicks , and at the end of the day , they became reality , " he said . The government had increased security and checkpoints throughout the past week , including additional patrols in various areas of Jos , Choji had said . In Nigeria -- Africa 's most populous nation -- more than 13,500 people have died in religious or ethnic clashes since the end of military rule in 1999 , the Human Rights Watch said in a report earlier this year . There have been other deadly sectarian clashes in Nigeria over the years , including one outbreak in Jos in September 2001 that left about 1,000 dead , the Human Rights Watch said .	The men were arrested on Christmas Day They were planning to bomb a church , an official says Attacks in Jos on Christmas Eve killed at least 31 people
CNN  -- A sun-powered egg-frying tutorial video posted by the Death Valley National Park sparked an egg-frying frenzy that left park officials cleaning up the mess . The video posted on the Park 's YouTube account featured a park employee demonstrating how to fry an egg using the sun and a skillet . But now park officials are pleading for the video copycats to clean up after they have cooked their eggs . They said park grounds have become littered with egg shells and cartons . A post on Death Valley 's official Facebook page read , "  An employee 's posting of frying an egg in a pan in Death Valley was intended to demonstrate how hot it can get here . ... However , the Death Valley NP maintenance crew has been busy cleaning up eggs cracked directly on the sidewalk " If you wish to try the egg-frying stunt for yourself , park officials request that you "  use a pan or tin foil and properly dispose of the contents " Temperatures in Death Valley this week have peaked at 129 degrees . Park officials have warned the public the extreme temperatures can have serious effects , "  including hospitalization and potentially death . " 100 years ago , Death Valley set a scorching record	Death Valley National Park made a fry-an-egg-in-the-sun video Others followed suit , but were n't so interested in cleaning up The hottest places in the United States littered with egg shells and cartons
EW.com  -- Sony Pictures has started development on the fourth movie in the "  Men in Black " franchise , EW has confirmed . The Wrap first reported the news . The ` Men in Black 3 ' ending makes no sense , no sense at all Oren Uziel , who is writing the upcoming "  Mortal Kombat " movie , has scored the screenwriting gig for "  MIB 4 . " He is also writing Sony 's sequel to "  21 Jump Street , " last year 's hit comedy starring Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill . That sequel will open on June 6 , 2014 . No release date has been set for "  MIB 4 . " Why Will Smith turned down ` Django ' "  Men in Black 3 " was a box office success last summer , earning the franchise 's highest worldwide gross . The time-traveling threequel brought back franchise stars Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones , and also starred Josh Brolin as an uncanny younger version of Jones ' Agent K. See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sony 's kicked off development for a fourth "  Men in Black " Oren Uziel will write the script No release date has been set for "  MIB 4 "
CNN  -- Rosie Napravnik made history by becoming the first female jockey to win the $ 2 million Breeders ' Cup Distaff Friday -- then she dropped the real bombshell by revealing she was seven weeks pregnant and would retire after racing again on Saturday . The 26-year-old guided the three-year-old fillie , Untapable , to a one and a quarter length victory over its closest rival at the prestigious event in Arcadia , California . She then took to the podium to reveal the baby news in front of her stunned mother , who she had still to inform of her pregnancy at this point , and a live television audience . "  Was n't planning to announce until after I finish riding tomorrow but winning the BC Distaff on Untapable was just too special , " Napravnik later tweeted . "  Looking forward to 4 live mounts tomorrow  Saturday  and making my retirement even more special by going out with a bang , " she later added . A two time winner of the Kentucky Oaks and the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile in 2012 , Napravnik is married to Joe Sharp who is a racehorse trainer himself . She is currently the sixth highest earning jockey on the North American circuit , winning more than $ 13 million of prize money in 2014 alone . In the past she has spoken about the challenges female jockeys face compared to their male counterparts . "  For a female jockey it 's a little bit harder to get yourself established . But once you can get over that hump and prove that you 're a competitive rider , and win races , it 's irrelevant what gender you are , " she told CNN in 2013 . "  To be honest , the female aspect has worked to my advantage in a lot of respects -- just with publicity and being recognized for things that I 've accomplished which may not have been such a big deal if it was just another male jockey . " But perhaps the racing world should n't be too surprised Napravik has decided to chose motherhood over the saddle . She revealed in the run-up to last year 's Kentucky Derby that she planned to start a family before long . "  There 's still a lot of things that I want to accomplish in my career so I 'm going to try and get all of that out of the way first -- my husband and I are very excited about having a family , " she said at the time . That said , there can be hardly anyone who expected the announcement so abruptly after a historic triumph .	Rosie Napravnik announces she is pregnant after winning Breeders ' Cup Distaff Napravnik had just become the first female winner of the prestigious event She will race again Saturday before beginning her retirement
Streets turned into rivers and parts of UCLA turned into lakes after a massive water main break sent 8 million to 10 million gallons of water gushing through parts of Los Angeles . The deluge was so massive that swift-water rescue crews with boats had to ferry away several stranded people . At least three motorists were rescued from underground parking garages where stairwells had turned into raging waterfalls . Dozens of vehicles were partly submerged , UCLA said . At least two of the inundated garages belong to the university . And while authorities managed to stop the water hemorrhage by Tuesday night , the situation might not clear until later Wednesday . "  I 'd like to tell you we 'd have it fixed by the morning , but I do n't think that 's really possible , " James McDaniel of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power said Tuesday night . He said crews will work through the night , trying to dewater the massive crater caused by the explosion . Much of UCLA deluged The UCLA campus , on the city 's west side , suffered much of the damage . The flooding covered the court of Pauley Pavilion , home to the Bruins ' basketball , volleyball and women 's gymnastics teams . The facility had just gone through a multi-million-dollar renovation two years ago . "  Unfortunately , Pauley Pavilion took quite a bit of water , " Chancellor Gene Block told reporters Tuesday night . "  It 's painful . " Water covers volleyball courts At least one outdoor athletic stadium turned into an island of grass surrounded by a sea of murky brown water . But UCLA academic and residence halls were not affected , the university said , and classes will continue Wednesday . A geyser on Sunset Boulevard Just before rush hour Tuesday , the 93-year-old water main burst under the world-famous Sunset Boulevard . The explosion busted through several lanes of the street and sent a geyser of water shooting into the sky . But no one was injured in the ordeal . It 's not clear exactly what cause the burst . But it happened at a very bad time for the city and state . Drought-stricken California recently passed statewide water restrictions , and Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency in January . "  Unfortunately we lost a lot of water -- around 35,000 gallons a minute -- which is not ideal in the worst drought in the city 's history , " Los Angeles city councilman Paul Koretz said . "  So we ask everybody to try harder to conserve water . "	Authorities estimate 8 to 10 million gallons of water spilled Several inches of water covered the court at Pauley Pavilion Firefighters rescued several people from inundated parking garages California had just passed statewide watering restrictions due to drought
Dr. Mehmet Oz , host of "  The Dr. Oz Show , " faced grilling by senators on Capitol Hill about the promotion of weight loss products on his show . Sen. Claire McCaskill , chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection , Product Safety and Insurance , led the panel that on Tuesday looked at false advertising for weight loss products . Subcommittee members took issue with assertions that Oz has made on his show about products that do n't have a lot of scientific evidence to back them up , such as green coffee beans . "  The scientific community is almost monolithic against you in terms of the efficacy of the three products you called ` miracles , ' " said McCaskill , a Missouri Democrat . She said she was discouraged by the "  false hope " his rhetoric gives viewers and questioned his role "  intentional or not , in perpetuating these scams . " "  I do n't get why you need to say this stuff when you know it 's not true . When you have this amazing megaphone , why would you cheapen your show ? ... With power comes a great deal of responsibility . " The Federal Trade Commission is in charge of protecting consumers from "  unfair or deceptive advertising and marketing practices that raise health and safety concerns . " In May , the FTC sued the sellers of Green Coffee Beans for deceiving consumers through fake news sites and invented health claims . The commission said that weeks after "  The Dr. Oz Show " promoted the benefits of Pure Green Coffee , some companies that marketed the product used video from his show to increase sales . The scientific evidence supporting green coffee bean extract as a weight loss supplement is weak . A small study published in 2012 found chlorogenic acid , the main ingredient in green coffee beans , helped 16 human participants lose , on average , 18 pounds over 22 weeks . But another study on chlorogenic acid in mice found that the acid did not help mice lose weight and in fact , increased their insulin resistance . A 2011 meta-analysis of three studies on green coffee extract found the supplement produced , on average , a five-pound loss among study participants . But all three studies were short term and included a small number of participants , leading the meta-analysis authors to conclude : "  More rigorous trials are needed to assess the usefulness of GCE as a weight loss tool . " Oz told the panel that he does use "  flowery language " to describe certain products on his show but added he believes in them so much he has given them to his family . "  My job , I feel , on the show is to be a cheerleader for the audience , and when they do n't think they have hope , when they do n't think they can make it happen , I want to look , and I do look everywhere , including in alternative healing traditions , for any evidence that might be supportive to them , " Oz said . In addition to green coffee beans , McCaskill called out Garcinia cambogia as another weight loss product Oz has promoted . "  Thanks to brand new scientific research , I can tell you about a revolutionary fat buster , " Oz said on his show in November 2012 with the words "  No Exercise . No Diet . No Effort " on the screen behind him . "  It 's called Garcinia cambogia . " A 1998 study of 135 participants found Garcinia cambogia did not significantly help people lose weight any more than a placebo . But a 2013 meta-analysis of Garcinia cambogia studies hedged on the supplement 's ineffectiveness , saying its weight loss benefits "  remain to be proven in larger-scale and longer-term clinical trials . " Whether it helps people lose weight or not , the Garcinia cambogia does not seem to be unsafe to use , some other studies say . Oz testified Tuesday that he could not be held responsible for what certain companies say online about the products . He said he 's toned down some of his language and will publish a list of products he thinks really can help people lose weight . "  To not have the conversation about supplements at all however would be a disservice to the viewer , " Oz said in a prepared statement after the hearing . "  In addition to exercising an abundance of caution in discussing promising research and products in the future , I look forward to working with all those present today in finding a way to deal with the problems of weight loss scams . " The Food and Drug Administration does not regulate weight loss supplements . Under current law , companies selling these products do not need FDA approval before marketing them to the public . "  Just because you see a supplement product on a store shelf does NOT mean it is safe or effective , " the FDA website says . "  When safety issues are suspected , FDA must investigate and , when warranted , take steps to have the product removed from the market . However , it is much easier for a firm to get a product on the market than it is for FDA to take a product off the market . " These weight loss products , even those that claim to be all natural , may contain toxic ingredients , the FDA says , or they may interact badly with other medications . Make sure to check with your doctor before taking any supplement . Hidden dangers in vitamins , supplements ? The FTC told Elizabeth Cohen , CNN senior medical correspondent , that there are just "  too many " weight loss products using deceptive advertising to sue them all . But consumers should be wary of certain phrases that are most certainly false , the FTC said , including any that claim to help you lose weight without diet and exercise . Bottom line -- do n't believe everything you see . Do your homework online and make sure any claim about a weight loss product is backed up by scientific evidence . In 2013 : Dr. Oz insomnia cure left man lame , lawsuit says	"  Dr. Oz " host is asked why he promotes weight loss products without scientific backing Sen. Claire McCaskill says products give people "  false hope " In May , the FTC sued the sellers of Green Coffee Beans for false claims FTC says some companies used video from "  The Dr. Oz Show " to increase sales
When Shakespeare wrote of Richard III as a "  bunchback 'd toad , " he did n't have the benefit of actually seeing the king , who had died in the previous century . Now we know the playwright was probably wrong about Richard 's physical features . Scientists have analyzed the bones of the British monarch and determined that he was not actually a hunchback . In fact , he had a significant spinal curve that we would call scoliosis . Researchers published their latest results Thursday in the Lancet . "  It 's a twist rather than a forward bend , " said study co-author Piers Mitchell of the Department of Archaeology and Anthropology at the University of Cambridge . "  We were expecting him to have a hunchback deformity the way Shakespeare described , " he added . Richard III reigned over England from 1483 to 1485 and died during the two-hour Battle of Bosworth against the forces of Henry Tudor . The king 's remains were discovered in 2012 under a parking lot . Archaeologists determined at that time that Richard III had scoliosis , a condition characterized by a curvature of the spine . Researchers wanted to make sure Richard was like that in life , not just as a result of his bones having been buried for centuries . Just by looking at his skeleton , they had clues . "  A lot of the bones around the maximum part of the curve of his scoliosis were asymmetric . One side was different from the other , which shows that the deformity was a genuine thing during life . " Using computerized tomography , researchers created a three-dimensional reconstruction of Richard 's spine . They also made a model of the spine using a 3-D printer . This let them examine the bones more closely than when the spine was in the ground . The spine appeared to have a twist indicative of scoliosis . Researchers measured the angle of curve and used medical research to understand what Richard 's life might have been like . The diagnosis of scoliosis means Richard III had a physical health condition in common with about 2 % to 3 % of the American population , according to the American Association of Neurological Surgeons . "  Buffy " actress Sarah Michelle Gellar , top golfer Stacy Lewis and Judy Blume 's character Deenie all have it , too . Richard 's scoliosis was probably not inherited , and it probably began sometime after he was 10 , researchers said . Conditions such as cerebral palsy and muscular dystrophy might cause scoliosis , but those are rare explanations , according to the Mayo Clinic . In up to 85 % of people with scoliosis , including Richard III , there is no known cause , according to the National Institutes of Health . Doctors call this "  idiopathic . " Normally in scoliosis , the spine takes on a shape that resembles the letter "  S " or "  C. " Children may be prescribed a brace to prevent further curving . The NIH says patients who are still growing and have curves of more than 25 to 30 degrees , or a curve between 20 to 29 degrees that is getting worse , will be advised to wear a brace . Richard 's spine has a curvature of 70 to 80 degrees . Anything over 50 degrees is a candidate for surgery , Mitchell said ; the NIH puts this figure at 45 degrees . Research has not proved that chiropractic manipulation , electrical stimulation , nutritional supplementation or exercise stop curves that are worsening , although exercise has other benefits for general well-being . The spinal curve probably would n't have reduced Richard 's lung capacity such that he could n't exercise , researchers said . There are other discrepancies between Shakespeare 's descriptions and the skeleton besides the back problem , Mitchell said . The real Richard does not appear to have had a limp or a withered arm , as Shakespeare had described . His trunk and abdomen would have appeared short compared with his arms and legs , Mitchell said . His right shoulder would have been slightly higher than the left . His curved spine and these other asymmetries would have been more obvious when the king was unclothed than clothed . "  However , a good tailor and custom-made armour could have minimized the visual impact of this , " the study 's authors wrote .	Scientists made 3-D model of Richard III 's spine He had scoliosis with a curve of about 70 to 80 degrees Today , he would have been a candidate for spine surgery
InStyle  -- Oscar night is Hollywood 's main fashion event , and most notable on the red carpet this year was our favorite actresses stepping out in uber feminine -- not just fashion forward -- looks . Indeed , from the most delicate shades of blush to the boldest fuchsia , the red carpet turned pink ! Exaggerated ruffles , soft draping , frothy fabrics , dramatic trains and Cinderella-esque silhouettes gave new meaning to the term Hollywood royalty . The few celebrities who bucked the romantic trend , including Sarah Jessica Parker , Sandra Bullock and Meryl Streep , chose sophisticated styles with retro vibes . From a timeless beauty  Demi Moore  to a graceful Hollywood icon  Meryl Streep  , here are the night 's fashion winners . Demi Moore Demi Moore often chooses classic , tailored cuts , but last night she glowed in a stunning blush-toned Atelier Versace silk organza gown with petal-like tiers of ruffles . She finished off this softer look with Van Cleef & Arpels tassel earrings and diamond cuffs , a gold leather Salvatore Ferragamo clutch and dress-matching Versace satin sandals . Diane Kruger The ever-flawless Diane Kruger turned to her favorite designer Karl Lagerfeld for her cream and black chiffon gown from Chanel Haute Couture . Both edgy and feminine , the design featured a pleated and ruffled skirt that led into a bow-bedecked mermaid train . See more dresses from the 2010 Academy Awards Jennifer Lopez We love the way Jennifer Lopez commands the red carpet in dramatic dresses , and her choice this year was no exception . Yet rather than going sexy  down-to-there Versace , anyone ?  , the diva went spectacular in a full-on princess-shaped icy pink Armani Prive confection with a Swarovski crystal-studded waterfall train . Charlize Theron While still incredibly feminine , Charlize Theron 's Dior Haute Couture gown was also most daring with its rosette-bedecked bustline . The custom-designed dress combined a curve-hugging lilac column with a wow-worthy train of amethyst satin . Anna Kendrick Talk about pretty -- nominee Anna Kendrick selected a pale pink couture gown from Elie Saab that featured beautiful details like hand-draped rosettes and lace edging . The "  Up in the Air " star added matching platform sandals and delicate Kwiat diamonds . Oscars : Top 7 Fashion Trends Zoe Saldana "  Avatar " beauty Zoe Saldana walked the red carpet in one of the night 's most memorable gowns : a purple ombre design from Givenchy Haute Couture that paired a flower-like tulle skirt with a shimmering bodice . We loved the artistic take on traditional feminine flourishes . Penelope Cruz On the sultry end of the romantic trend was Best Supporting Actress nominee Penelope Cruz in a shape-draping duchesse satin Donna Karan design . After an awards season of black and black , it was a pleasure to see the "  Nine " star in a deep shade of bordeaux . Oscars : Best Hair and Makeup Sarah Jessica Parker We 've come to expect the unexpected from Sarah Jessica Parker  and are never disappointed  . This year , Parker skipped the frills in favor of a '60s - inspired Chanel Haute Couture column gown topped with elaborate silver embroidery . The shape , the color and the details were simply perfect , as was her stunning mix of jewelry : a stack of Fred Leighton bracelets paired with a spiked crescent ring . Sandra Bullock It was Sandra Bullock 's night both inside the Kodak Theatre and on the red carpet . Eschewing pink , the Best Actress winner looked luminous in an ethereal silver beaded Marchesa column with a peek-a-boo lace bodice . She accented the stunning design with understated diamond jewelry and a textured minaudiere . Best Jewelry at the Oscars Meryl Streep Nominee Meryl Streep embodied the iconic era of elegance in a strong-shouldered '40s - inspired custom design from Chris March . The "  Julie & Julia " lead chose similarly fuss-free accessories including a Swarovski silver crystal mesh clutch and diamond and black onyx Fred Leighton jewels . For complete fashion and beauty coverage from the Academy Awards , go to InStyle.com now ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	InStyle.com takes a look at the best dressed for the 82nd Academy Awards Your favorite actresses stuck with more traditional feminine looks See what they said specifically about the stars from Sandra Bullock to Meryl Streep
CNN  -- Libya is the latest North African country to experience internet trouble as democratic protests continue to sweep the region . The massive Saharan country , long controlled by the dictator Moammar Gadhafi , has suffered "  rolling blackouts " of its internet connections during the regime 's ongoing violent crackdown on protestors , according to the internet traffic monitor Renesys . The cause of these internet service cuts , however , remains uncertain . Possibilities include a government crackdown , an internet traffic overload or simple power outages , said Jim Cowie , Renesys ' co-founder . "  If this had happened in any other country I might have said , ` Oh , that 's just a provider . Maybe they had a power outage in their data center and their servers would n't start up , " he said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , one of the few independent journalists on the ground in eastern Libya , wrote that "  the electricity was working . The cell phone system is still functioning , though you ca n't call abroad . The internet , however , has been down for days . " Google 's online "  Transparency Report " shows internet searches from Libya , which is controlled by anti-government demonstrators , have been happening at below-average levels in recent days . And Arbor Networks , a network security company , issued similar findings . International internet traffic to and from Libya was shut down on Saturday morning from about 1 to 8 a.m. and again on Sunday during the same timeframe , according to Renesys ' analysis , which was posted on the company 's blog and is based on traffic data the company collects from internet service providers around the world . It 's almost as if the country had instituted a "  overnight internet curfew , " Cowie said , adding it 's possible that Gadhafi 's government wanted to crack down on cyber dissidents who are known to organize online while other people sleep . Reports of wider-spread internet outages could be an indication that Libya is using more sophisticated methods to control the internet , some of which would n't be visible to international traffic monitors like Renesys . Iran , for example , is known for shutting down internet traffic at the neighborhood level , or removing capacity from the local internet to the point that local and international Web traffic simply overload the system , Cowie said . "  You remove capacity until everybody is squeezing through a small soda straw , " he said . Libya 's internet blackouts are somewhat similar to those instituted by neighboring Egypt 's government during protests in that country . Egypt , however , completely shut down internet access for five days during protests against the regime of Hosni Mubarak , who was forced to resign after 30 years . That move appeared to be an attempt by the government to shut down access to blogs , e-mail , Facebook and Twitter , which were used heavily by some of the people who helped organize the anti-Mubarak protests which toppled his government after 18 days on the streets . Wael Ghonim , a prominent Egyptian protestor , issued a warning to other dictators in the Middle East and North Africa , saying , "  If you want to liberate a society , just give them the internet . " It 's unclear how much of a role the internet and social media sites have played in organizing the protests in Libya . The news network Al-Jazeera reports Facebook was used to help coordinate the start of the protests in Libya , which went into full swing on February 17 . "  In a country where public dissent is rare , plans for Thursday 's protests were being circulated by anonymous activists on social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter , " the news organization writes . "  One Facebook group urging a ` Day of Anger ' in Libya , which had 4,400 members on Monday , saw that number more than double to 9,600 by Wednesday . " Some authoritarian regimes restrict internet access , as was the case in Egypt , as a way to try to stay in power . Others , like Syria , China and Russia , filter some websites and use the internet as a way to monitor their citizens and steer public discourse . The internet infrastructure in Egypt and Libya is quite different , Cowie said . "  The key thing to remember is the massive difference in scale between the two countries . Egypt 's internet was thousands of prefixes . Libya 's internet is about a dozen prefixes , " he said . An internet prefix is like an online ZIP code . It 's a number used to group devices that access the internet . Libya has 13 of these online zip codes out of the 400,000 internet prefixes that make up the entire internet , Cowie said . That makes the country a "  very small corner of a very big universe . " Also of note : Only about 6 % of Libyans are on the internet , compared to nearly a quarter of people in Egypt , according to the ITU , an agency of the United Nations that focuses on the internet and communications . CNNMoney : Why Libya ca n't shut down bit.ly Libya 's access to the international internet is controlled by a single company , which is run by the state , Cowie said . That would make it easier , in theory , for the country to shut down internet connections than it was in Egypt , where the government had to call several internet service providers and order them to cut service as part of emergency law . Meanwhile , as Wired.com reports , a Twitter activist called Arasmus has created a map of the few unconfirmed internet reports that are coming out of Libya .	Libya experiences "  rolling blackouts " in internet access The cause of these outages remains unclear CNN reporter says internet access has been cut Traffic monitors say access has been sporadic , cut most often at night
CNN  -- After an anxious three-month wait , residents of a northwest Alabama town that lost 18 residents and its business core to an EF-5 tornado learned Monday night that their largest employer will rebuild -- and may add jobs . The announcement by VF Corp. elicited joyous responses by Hackleburg , Alabama , residents -- many of whom honked their horns -- and on Facebook pages that had followed the developments . "  It feels like the weight of the world has been lifted off your shoulders , " said Hackleburg Police Chief Kenny Hallmark . The April 27 tornado leveled the Wrangler jeans distribution center and killed one employee . It also destroyed or damaged 31 of 32 businesses in town , wiping away most of the town government 's revenue sources . Nearly 500 homes were damaged or destroyed . The new facility will be larger , more modern and could bring an additional 50 positions to the community -- for a total of approximately 200 employees , VF said in a statement . It also will have the potential to handle additional shipping capacity . The company , based in Greensboro , North Carolina , will break ground in the second quarter of 2012 . Target date for completion is mid-year 2013 . "  Throughout the evaluation , Hackleburg remained our leading option based on multiple factors , notably a work force who has demonstrated a passion for their work and a commitment to our company , " CEO Eric Wiseman said . "  We are also grateful to the state of Alabama for the support and assistance it has provided . We are pleased to continue our longstanding relationship with Hackleburg and look forward to a bright future . " Federal , state and local officials had conducted a full-court press , offering a range of incentives to VF Corp. , including $ 300,000 from the town and Marion County , with millions more from the state . Town officials said Monday night Gov. Robert Bentley was crucial to the effort . Since the tornado , the majority of the displaced workers have been employed at company-owned locations in Hackleburg and , about 70 miles away , in Holly Pond , Alabama . The Holly Pond location will close once the new Hackleburg distribution center is open . No jobs will be lost because that facility was brought back on line to provide work to the displaced Hackleburg employees . The Hackleburg distribution center shipped pallets of Wrangler clothing to Walmart , Target and other retailers around the country . One of five Wrangler distribution points in the nation , the center was well-run and efficient , the company said in June while it was evaluating the site and other distribution facilities . But some of the town 's nearly 1,500 residents had worried that Wrangler would not rebuild . Hackleburg 's mayor had said the return of Wrangler was crucial for the town 's recovery . "  The morale boost it 's given this town is unbelievable , " Mayor Pro Tem Barry McCarley said after the announcement . Leaders had worried about possible layoffs , including in the police force , but Monday 's development , the return of some businesses and donations -- including from a Native American tribe -- will brighten the economic outlook . Residents are hopeful the approximately 150 people who left town after the tornado will return . The Hackleburg tornado was one of 62 twisters and storms that swept through Alabama on April 27 , killing 247 people . Hallmark and Keith Morrow , Hackleburg 's only doctor , told CNN Monday night the announcement may eventually draw new employers and convince others that had n't started rebuilding to do so . Nancy McCarley , who co-owns the Panther Mart convenience store , likened the excitement Monday night of residents in their 50s and 60s to kids on prom night . "  People are smiling , " she said . "  It 's just great , great , great . "	The Wrangler jeans distribution center will rebuild and may add jobs It was destroyed during the April 27 tornado in Hackleburg , Alabama Officials had offered incentives to the parent company Decision called an unbelievable morale boost " for Hackleburg
CNN  -- We do n't mean to scare you ... No wait , actually we do , but only for a little while , and we promise the payoff will be worth the effort . These spots offer spectacular sights and experiences to travelers who are willing to face down five common , and very real , fears . All you 'll need to bring with you are curiosity and courage , says psychologist Emanuel Maidenberg , director of the Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Clinic at UCLA . When we 're in a situation that makes us fearful , "  we have to have the curiosity to say let 's see what happens if I see this through , which is not easy to do , and the courage to not do what we 'd normally do in this situation , try to escape . " 6 destinations with a dark side The trick is allowing the potential for enjoyment and excitement to outweigh your hesitation over trying something that creates anxiety . The treat is the feeling of accomplishment you have when you overcome your fear . These five places offer both risks and rewards . But do n't overdo it . If you have a paralyzing phobia , you 'll probably want to start a little smaller and closer to home . Afraid of the dark ? Slovenia There 's a reason that people throughout history hid out in caves . Caves are filled with eerie rock formations , subterranean waterways and bats  which can be scary in their own right  , but mostly caves are very , very dark . You have to be brave to explore them . Or do you ? With 9,023 caves , Slovenia offers more underground scenery than just about any place on earth . Start with the easiest : Postojna Jama  jama is the Slovene word for cave  is the busiest cave in Europe , receiving hundreds of thousands of visitors each year . The space is massive enough to accommodate a concert hall , a speleobiology station for the study of cave fauna and an underground railway that will carry you along a two-mile route past weird , glistening limestone formations all illuminated by electric light . When you 're ready to move on to darker realms , the cave beneath Predjama Castle offers 45-minute guided tours with only flashlights for illumination .  If you chicken out , you can retreat to the castle , which dates back to the 13th century .  Skocjan Caves Regional Park , a UNESCO World Heritage site not far from Slovenia 's border with Italy , is another popular spot for cavers brave and timid . Afraid of heights ? Machu Picchu , Peru Hiking the segment of the Inca Trail that goes to Machu Picchu is a dream trip for plenty of people , but most of them do not have a fear of heights . For while the standard four-day hike , which starts after a three - to four-hour ride from Cusco , is rated as moderate-to-difficult in terms of energy and experience levels , the steep , narrow Andean mountain paths could put an acrophobic on high alert . What 's the reward for rising above your fears ? Machu Picchu , built in the 15th century , is the "  most amazing urban creation of the Inca Empire at its height , " according to UNESCO , which placed the site on its World Heritage list in 1983 . It has weathered earthquakes , torrential rains , and nearly 600 years of existence , and it remains a remarkably well-preserved complex of buildings once used for living , working and worshipping . Dozens of licensed , local tour operators conduct guided tours to Machu Picchu , as do U.S. firms such as Boundless Journeys . All recommend spending at least two days in Cusco to acclimate to the altitude before beginning the climb to Machu Picchu , which tops out around 9,000 feet . Advance arrangements are critical as there are limits on the number of visitors to the ancient site . Afraid of Spiders ? Arizona If creepy-crawlies get under your skin , consider them in a different context . Spider Rock at Canyon de Chelly National Monument in Arizona will help you . As far back as anyone can document , spiders have been positive symbols in Native American cultures , associated with weaving and with women , since weaving traditionally is done by women . In Navajo culture , the legend of Spider Woman is , essentially , the legend of how the Navajo came to be expert weavers . According to Adam Teller , a Navajo guide and storyteller whose family-owned company Antelope House Tours runs guided hikes and 4x4 tours through Canyon de Chelly , Spider Woman also wove blankets in which she wrapped up naughty little kids , then she 'd eat them and spit out their bones to make the white stripes on Spider Rock .  But maybe that 's just something his grandma told him so he 'd behave  . It 's certainly true that the twin-peaked Spider Rock is among the more recognizable sights in Canyon de Chelly , which has the unique distinction of being the only U.S. National Park located on Navajo tribal lands . There are hikes and drives you can do without a guide , including the South Rim Drive that leads to Spider Rock , but guided tours complete with explanations of the area 's significance to Navajo culture add to your appreciation . Afraid of enclosed spaces ? Cu Chi Tunnels , Vietnam Few places on earth will give you chills like the Cu Chi Tunnels , not merely because at less than three feet wide they are a claustrophobic 's nightmare but mainly because of their history . Built in the 1940s during the French occupation of Vietnam , the tunnels became a powerful tool for the Viet Cong during the Vietnam War , allowing them to attack and then vanish underground to escape capture . Yet the tunnels were n't only a strategic weapon : Inside the nearly 125-mile tunnel network , dug by hand and ingeniously booby-trapped for protection , people lived and worked . Once the tunnels were discovered during the war , teams of American and Australian soldiers known as Tunnel Rats infiltrated them , sometimes crawling through spaces as little as 12 inches wide to recover military information and supplies . Today the Cu Chi Tunnels are a day trip from Ho Chi Minh City  formerly Saigon  and are part of most tour programs to the area , such as the Vietnam Cultural Explorer tour offered by Boundless Journeys . Yes , the tunnels still arouse strong feelings and opinions about politics and war , but beyond that they are a tremendous testament to people 's resilience and resourcefulness during wartime . They also will put your fear of enclosed spaces into perspective . Afraid of the dead ? Cambridge , Massachusetts Do n't think of Mount Auburn as a cemetery . Think of it as a well-tended horticultural park with pretty one - and two-mile walking trails and lots of beautiful New England foliage from blazing red Black Gum trees to fall-blooming Witch Hazel to 26 different species of oak . That 's sort of what its founders had in mind when , in 1831 , the Massachusetts Horticultural Society purchased the 72 acres that would become Mount Auburn Cemetery . You can choose to see Mount Auburn purely as a park . The visitor 's center sells maps for self-guided theme tours on horticulture , architecture , art , and other topics , and runs excellent docent-led tours on weekends . Eventually , though , you 're bound to become curious about the people at rest in Mount Auburn , and you 'll find that they include outstanding figures from all fields of endeavor , including poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow ; Fannie Farmer , creator of the "  Boston Cooking-School Cookbook " ; scientists and thought pioneers such as Buckminster Fuller , B.F. Skinner , and Mary Baker Eddy ; as well as jurists , artists , statesmen and business leaders . You 'll also learn  thanks to the "  Not So Rich and Famous " guided tour  that many of the ordinary folks buried here have fascinating life stories as well . "  We return to the world , and we feel ourselves purer , and better , and wiser , from this communion with the dead , " said Joseph Story in 1831 when the cemetery was consecrated . Those remain words to live by .	Not fleeing when facing anxiety has its own rewards in these fascinating places Caving in Slovenia is one way to conquer a fear of the dark The Inca Trail offers a true uphill challenge for travelers who are afraid of heights
Mashable  -- Apple 's social network Ping will be gone in the next release of iTunes , reports All Things Digital , citing sources close to the company . Apple CEO Tim Cook hinted that Apple has all but given up on Ping in May , though he did n't precisely say whether Apple will kill the service . "  We tried Ping , and I think the customer voted and said this is n't something I want to put a lot of energy into , " said Cook . Unlike Apple 's hardware and software products , most of which have been tremendously successful in the last couple of years , the company 's social network has been poorly received from the very beginning . Besides the fact it was available only to a limited subset of iTunes users , it also had issues with spam and a serious lack of artist profiles . With the announced Facebook integration with iOS 6 , which is now almost an integral part of the OS  just like Twitter  , it makes sense that Apple is no longer interested in maintaining Ping . See the original story on Mashable .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Report : Apple 's social network Ping will be gone in the next release of iTunes Ping has been poorly received from the beginning The network had issues with spam and lacked many artist profiles
CNN  -- President Obama delivered his long-awaited and wide-ranging speech Thursday on American and Muslim relations , offering a hand of friendship to Islam and addressing an array of quandaries and conflicts dividing the two cultures . President Obama urges a new chapter in ties between the U.S. and Muslims in a speech Thursday in Cairo , Egypt . At Egypt 's Cairo University , Obama quoted from the Quran as he expounded on Islam 's glories and rights , the legitimate rights of Israel and the Palestinians , Iranian nuclear aspirations , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , women 's rights , economic development , and religious rights and democracy in the Muslim world . The address , billed as a fence-mending mission between the United States and Islam , urged those present and the people across the globe viewing the speech on television to enter a new , productive and peaceful chapter in their relationship . Obama 's stop in Egypt is part of a trip that started in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday and will continue later to Germany and France . Watch Obama 's entire speech " "  I know there are many -- Muslim and non-Muslim -- who question whether we can forge this new beginning , " Obama said , emphasizing that "  it is easier to start wars than to end them . It is easier to blame others than to look inward , to see what is different about someone than to find the things we share . " Obama reiterated a statement he made in Turkey in April . "  In Ankara , I made clear that America is not -- and never will be -- at war with Islam . "  We will , however , relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security -- because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject : the killing of innocent men , women and children . And it is my first duty as president to protect the American people . " Obama explored the Palestinian and Israeli conflict , endorsing a two-state solution and urging compromise and understanding between "  two peoples with legitimate aspirations . " iReport.com : A reaction to Obama 's speech And then he entered into the conflict 's thickets , understanding claims from both sides . He said the United States "  does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements " seen by Muslims as impediments to Middle East peace . Watch as Obama seeks a "  new beginning " " "  This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace . It is time for these settlements to stop . " Calling America 's "  strong bond " with Israel "  unbreakable , " he said , "  It is based upon cultural and historical ties and the recognition that the aspiration for a Jewish homeland is rooted in a tragic history that can not be denied . " He denounced the denial of the Holocaust and anti-Semitic stereotyping , and criticized anyone who would threaten Israel 's destruction . Expounding on the plight of Palestinians , Obama said "  it is also undeniable that the Palestinian people -- Muslims and Christians -- have suffered in pursuit of a homeland . " "  For more than 60 years they have endured the pain of dislocation . Many wait in refugee camps in the West Bank , Gaza and neighboring lands for a life of peace and security that they have never been able to lead , " he said . Watch Obama discuss the Israeli-Palestinian conflict " "  They endure the daily humiliations -- large and small -- that come with occupation . So let there be no doubt : The situation for the Palestinian people is intolerable . America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity , opportunity and a state of their own . " Obama also denounced Palestinian violence and the rejection by some of Israeli existence -- both seen by Israel as obstacles to peace . The president conjured the lessons of America 's civil rights movement when he urged Palestinians to "  abandon violence . " "  Resistance through violence and killing is wrong , and it does not succeed . For centuries , black people in America suffered the lash of the whip as slaves and the humiliation of segregation , " he said . "  It was not violence that won full and equal rights . It was a peaceful and determined insistence upon the ideals at the center of America 's founding . " The conflict , Obama said , needs to be seen from a larger perspective , not from the viewpoint of one side or another . And both sides must live up to the responsibilities of the moribund "  road map " peace process , he said . Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Obama 's message of detente " He added that the Hamas movement -- which controls Gaza -- and has some support among Palestinians must end violence and recognize past agreements . He also urged Arab states to no longer use the conflict to distract their peoples from other problems . "  The only resolution is for the aspirations of both sides to be met through two states , where Israelis and Palestinians each live in peace and security , " he said . Obama talked about the importance of confronting violent extremism , touching on the fight against the Taliban and al Qaeda after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . Emphasizing the fact that the United States entered Afghanistan by "  necessity " and not "  choice , " he countered the stances of some "  who "  question or justify the events of 9/11 . " "  But let us be clear : Al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day . The victims were innocent men , women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody . And yet al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people , claimed credit for the attack and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale . They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach . These are not opinions to be debated ; these are facts to be dealt with , " he said . Obama said the United States does not seek to keep its troops in Afghanistan or establish military bases there but needs to continue the fight against "  extremists , " with both military power and investment in the infrastructure and economy of Pakistan and Afghanistan . "  It is agonizing for America to lose our young men and women . It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict . We would gladly bring every single one of our troops home if we could be confident that there were not violent extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan determined to kill as many Americans as they possibly can . But that is not yet the case , " he said . He addressed the conflict in Iraq , calling it unlike Afghanistan "  a war of choice that provoked strong differences in my country and around the world . " "  Although I believe that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off without the tyranny of Saddam Hussein , I also believe that events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible , " he said . He said the United States needs to help Iraq "  forge a better future and leave Iraq to Iraqis . " "  I have made it clear to the Iraqi people that we pursue no bases , and no claim on their territory or resources . Iraq 's sovereignty is its own . That is why I ordered the removal of our combat brigades by next August . That is why we will honor our agreement with Iraq 's democratically elected government to remove combat troops from Iraqi cities by July , and to remove all our troops from Iraq by 2012 . " Speaking about prohibiting torture and the closing of the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility , Obama talked about working on "  concrete actions to change course " and correct abuses in the war on terror . "  Just as America can never tolerate violence by extremists , we must never alter our principles . 9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country . The fear and anger that it provoked was understandable , but in some cases , it led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideals , " he said . Obama dwelled on the tensions over nuclear weapons between the United States and Iran and the "  tumultuous history " between the countries . He pointed to the U.S. role in overthrowing a democratically elected government during the Cold War era and Iran 's role in hostage-taking and violence against U.S. troops and civilians since the Islamic revolution in 1979 . The president reiterated his desire to move forward with Iran on many issues , saying the "  question , now , is not what Iran is against , but rather what future it wants to build . " "  But it is clear to all concerned that when it comes to nuclear weapons , we have reached a decisive point . This is not simply about America 's interests . It is about preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East that could lead this region and the world down a hugely dangerous path . " The United States and other Western nations have opposed what they believe are Iran 's intentions to develop nuclear weapons . Obama said that any nation , including Iran , "  should have the right to access peaceful nuclear power if it complies with its responsibilities under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . " He said such a "  commitment " is at the treaty 's core and "  it must be kept for all who fully abide by it . " "  And I am hopeful that all countries in the region can share in this goal , " Obama said .	President Obama touches on Iran , Mideast conflict , wars in Iraq , Afghanistan Obama says U.S. does n't want to keep troops in Afghanistan U.S. "  does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements , " Obama says Obama calls America 's "  strong bond " with Israel "  unbreakable "
CNN  -- The "  I AM NOT FAMOUS ANYMORE " actor of "  Transformers " fame , Shia LaBeouf , is not going into rehab , but he is getting treatment for alcohol addiction , according to a statement by his representatives . LaBeouf ran into trouble with the law in New York last week when , police said , he lit a cigarette in a Broadway theater . Witnesses said LaBeouf yelled at the actors on stage during a performance of "  Cabaret . " He was drunk and had been disruptive in the theater , police said . On Friday , LaBeouf was charged with criminal trespass , disorderly conduct and harassment . "  He understands that these recent actions are a symptom of a larger health problem and he has taken the first of many necessary steps towards recovery , " the statement said . "  Contrary to previous erroneous reports , Shia LaBeouf has not checked into a rehabilitation facility but he is voluntarily receiving treatment for alcohol addiction . " LaBeouf , a former child actor , had his first mug shot taken in 2007 when he was 21 and refused to leave a drugstore after a security guard said he was intoxicated . The next year LaBeouf was arrested at the scene of a car accident on suspicion of DUI . Earlier this year he appeared at the Berlin Film Festival with a paper bag over his head that proclaimed in black marker , "  I AM NOT FAMOUS ANYMORE , " a phrase he also tweeted daily for weeks . LaBeouf 's court appearance on the latest charges is scheduled for July 24 . He rose to fame at age 14 as the star of the Disney series "  Even Stevens . " He has stayed busy with regular movie and TV roles since the late 1980s , including starring in three "  Transformers " films . Of late , he has played in films with a more literary appeal , such as "  Nymphomaniac " and "  The Necessary Death of Charlie Countryman . " He co-stars with Brad Pitt in the upcoming movie "  Fury , " according to LaBeouf 's profile on the Internet Movie Database . Last year , LaBeouf , who has also written screenplays , was accused of plagiarizing another writer 's work . What 's going on with Shia LaBeouf ? LaBeouf is sincerely sorry CNN 's Topher Gauk-Rogers contributed to this story	Actor Shia LaBeouf is not in rehab , but is getting alcohol addiction treatment , his reps say Last week in New York he lit a cigarette in a theater and yelled at the actors , police say LaBeouf is charged with criminal trespass , disorderly conduct and harassment
If you 're like us , you eat out more than ever -- and , as nice as it is to not have to cook , those meals out can actually feel like work . How do you navigate the minefields of huge portions , hidden fats , and sky-high sodium levels ? Olive Garden 's Venetian Apricot Chicken has 448 calories and 11 grams of fat . You should n't have to resign yourself to paying for restaurant meals with a future cardiac risk . You just need to know where to go to find healthy , fresh food . To that end , we went out into the world of sit-down restaurants , looking to separate the  whole  wheat from the chaff . Backed by an advisory panel of experts in healthy dining , we sifted through 43 chains with more than 75 locations across the country and , frankly , were astonished by how many restaurants made no nutritional information available . Health.com : Meet Health 's experts But judge we did those brave  and progressive  enough to share their numbers . What you hold in your hands are the 10 that stood at the top of the heap . Uno 's Chicago Grill If you have n't been to your local Uno 's recently , you 're in for a great surprise . Sure , its famous deep-dish  read high-fat  pizzas still hold court , but nutrition has become the word of the day with a completely transfat-free menu and plenty of grilled entrees  including antibiotic-free chicken  . Adding to the healthy variety : whole-grain pasta and brown rice , organic coffee and tea , and flatbread pizzas that have half the calories of deep-dish ones . Plus , you can add a salad to your pizza for half-price because , according to the menu , "  We want you to get some greens in your diet . " Now that 's a blue-ribbon commitment to health . Another reason Uno 's is at the top of our list : You know what you 're eating . In the lobbies of most of the restaurant 's locations , there are Nutrition Information Centers that detail ingredients , fat and sodium contents , and calories and fiber of every item , in addition to gluten-free options . Dr. Sanjay Gupta takes a look at Health magazine 's restaurant choices "  Danger zone : Deep-dish pizzas can pile on the fat .  We love : The Penne Bolognese -- just 16 grams of fat  well within the daily recommended max of 65 grams of fat for a 2,000-calorie-a-day diet  . Souplantation & Sweet Tomatoes Can a buffet-style restaurant -- that symbol of American overindulgence -- possibly be one of the healthiest restaurants in the country ? It can in this case , because this salad-soup-and-bakery eatery  Southern California locations are named Souplantation , everywhere else they 're called Sweet Tomatoes  uses produce so fresh that it 's guaranteed to have been "  in the ground " 24 hours before it 's in a refrigerated truck on its way to the restaurant . At the salad bar you 'll find seasonal vegetables like squash and bell peppers , freshly tossed and prepared salads , and a great range of nonfat dressings . San Marino Spinach With Pumpkin Seeds and Cranberries , anyone ? This is paradise for vegetarians , vegans , and anyone who 's looking for a low-sodium , low-fat , high-nutrient meal outside the home .  Danger zone : Plate overload -- after all , it 's all-you-can-eat .  We love : The Tomato Spinach Whole Wheat pasta , a delicious combo of whole grains and veggies . Mimi 's Cafe This cozy caf-style restaurant transforms normally less-than-healthy foods into better -- and still tasty -- options : a half-pound cheeseburger wrapped in lettuce  that 's right , no bun  ; the cutely named Naked French Market Onion Soup , served without cheese . Another thing to love is the way that Mimi 's clearly steers you toward its healthy options . Its "  Lifestyle Menu " points you to low-carb picks like the fish of the day served with fresh steamed veggies . Also , Mimi 's keeps portions small , so you can get away with occasionally having one of their more indulgent entrees like the Sweet & Sour Coconut Shrimp  608 calories  . Health.com : Healthiest fast-food restaurants  Danger zone : The "  Comfort Classics " page of the menu , with throwbacks like rich  super-high-fat  Chicken Cordon Bleu .  We love : Chicken & Fruit -- grilled chicken and a garden salad , plus wedges of fresh orange , honeydew , watermelon , and cantaloupe . P.F. Chang 's China Bistro Take the best aspects of Asian cuisine -- a combination of fresh vegetables and protein -- surround them with healthy influences such as whole-grain brown rice , wild-caught , sustainable Alaskan salmon , and all-natural chicken , and you have a recipe for delicious , healthy dining . Wok-based cooking  which requires less oil  using soybean oil keeps fat contents low , and less sodium in the sauces rounds out P.F. Chang 's healthy take on Chinese food . Special credit goes to their nutritional information being based on the whole entre , not a single serving like at most places . Health.com : Eat out , without gaining a pound  Danger zone : Traditional , fat-dense items such as Lo Mein Beef .  We love : Carb-free vegetarian lettuce wraps -- wok-seared tofu , red onions , and water chestnuts with mint and lime , set in lettuce cups . Bob Evans Restaurants You would n't think a restaurant that prides itself on sausage could muscle its way into the top five healthiest restaurants in the country . But Bob Evans scores high on its dinner menu , which has plenty of low-carb , low-fat entrees and alternatives for children and adults  chicken tenders that are grilled instead of fried , potato-crusted flounder , and salmon stir-fry  . Look for sides like steamed broccoli florets and fresh fruit , and enjoy old-fashioned family meals in a modern , nutrition-forward way .  Danger zone : Breakfast , where bacon and sausage are kings .  We love : Healthy options on the kid 's menu , like slow-roasted turkey with mashed potatoes and glazed baby carrots , and fruit and yogurt dippers for dessert . Ruby Tuesday If we 'd done this survey in 2004 , Ruby Tuesday might have won the blue ribbon for printing all its nutritional content right on the menu . It was revolutionary , and , frankly , it did n't last . But the healthy ethos survived in the chain 's ingredients : organic greens , hormone-free chicken , transfat-free frying oil , and better-for-you beverages including Jones organic teas and made-to-order drinks like all natural lemonades  think real fruit and juice  . It 's easy to find the good stuff -- it 's highlighted -- and the offerings range from a chicken wrap in a whole-wheat tortilla to broiled tilapia . Health.com : The best independent restaurants  Danger zone : Comfort-food entrees like Gourmet Chicken Potpie , which piles more than half your daily calories on the plate .  We love : That they 've even healthied-up the burgers , offering veggie-and turkey-versions . Romano 's Macaroni Grill This Italian eatery puts its entire menu 's nutritional content online , so you know before you go what to steer clear of -- mainly , the massive baked pastas . But what pushed Macaroni Grill onto our best list is its "  Sensible Fare " menu , with entrees like Simple Salmon , a grilled fillet sided by grilled asparagus and broccoli . Grazie for whole-wheat penne available as a substitute in any dish . And bravo for including a grilled skinless chicken breast with steamed broccoli and pasta on the kid 's menu .  Danger zone : Heavy entrees like spaghetti and meatballs with meat sauce .  We love : The delicious Italian sorbetto and biscotti : just 330 calories and 4 grams of fat . Chevy 's Fresh Mex Chevy 's makes a big deal out of the "  fresh " in its name , and with good reason -- no cans in the restaurant , fresh salsa blended every hour , fresh avocados smashed every day for guacamole , and watch-them-made tortillas . All oils are trans fat-free , and the Mexican-style fare has lots of healthy options including Grilled Fish Tacos . Health.com : America 's not-so-healthiest restaurants  Danger zone : Sodium counts . To get below 1,000 milligrams , you 'll need to get those Chicken Fajitas with no tortillas , tomalito , rice , sour cream , or guacamole .  We love : Fresh fish of the day , grilled and served on a skillet with homemade salsa . Olive Garden Like Macaroni Grill , this Italian eatery has great-for-you options , as long as you keep your wits about you  again , avoid the baked pastas !  . Use the olive-branch icon on the menu to find low-fat "  Garden Fare " items such as Venetian Apricot Chicken . Even the fries are n't a disaster , because they 're done in trans fat-free oil . You can grab some whole-grain goodness , too , by choosing the whole-wheat linguine at dinner as a substitute for any pasta .  Danger zone : The non-olive-branch entrees . Olive Garden provides no nutritional information on anything else on the menu .  We love : The low-fat Capellini Pomodoro  644 calories and 14 grams fat  . Denny 's Yes , the home of the Lumberjack Slam and Moons Over My Hammy offers lots of skinny options to counter its fatty mainstays . "  Fit-Fare " dishes such as the grilled-chicken-breast salad , and tilapia with rice and veggies , each have less than 15 grams of fat . Denny 's also posts full nutritional information on its Web site . Its use of trans fats to cook its French fries kept it from landing higher on our list , but the rest of the fried food is trans fat-free .  Danger zone : Breakfast specials , especially the Meat Lover 's Scramble , which is as bad for you as it sounds .  We love : The online nutritional chart has Weight Watchers Food Exchange Values . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2007 Additional reporting by Brittani Tingle .	Health magazine names Top 10 chain restaurants for fresh , healthy food Writers looked at 43 chains with more than 75 locations across the country Experts ' favorite : Uno 's Chicago Grill , with trans fat-free menu , many grilled entrees
CNN  -- Roger Federer is having his worst season on the tennis tour since he became a grand slam champion . He suffered his earliest grand slam exit in a decade and has slipped to seventh in the world rankings . For the first time since 2002 , he did n't reach a grand slam final . His coach , Paul Annacone , appears to have paid the price for the slump as Federer announced Saturday that he had cut ties with the American who used to work with 14-time major winner Pete Sampras and ex British No. 1 Tim Henman . Annacone 's ties to Sampras and Henman contributed to Federer hiring him in the first place , since the 17-time grand slam winner is friends with both former players . "  When we started together we had a vision of a 3 year plan to win another grand slam title and get back to the number # 1 ranking , " Federer wrote on his website . "  Along with many other goals and great memories , these 2 main goals were achieved . "  After numerous conversations culminating at the end of our most recent training block , we felt like this was the best time and path for both of us . "  Paul remains a dear friend , and we both look forward to continuing our friendship . I want to thank Paul for his help and the value he has added to me and my team . " It 's likely that Federer will continue to work with Swiss Davis Cup captain Severin Luethi , who often accompanies him to tournaments , as he tries to earn a spot at the year-end championships in London . Federer is by no means guaranteed a berth in the eight-man field and his chances were n't helped when he lost to Gael Monfils in the third round of this week 's Shanghai Masters . Afterwards , Monfils said Federer 's aura was fading . "  I think he  misses  a little bit more than he used to , " he said . " I know he will try and go for his shot , but maybe he is a bit less confident . " Federer said on the eve of the tournament he was looking forward to a "  great " 2014 and his decision to split with Annacone suggests he is indeed determined to win another major rather than simply linger in the top 10 . His next event is at home in Basel , Switzerland in a little over a week .	Roger Federer announces that he has cut ties with American coach Paul Annacone Federer said on his website that the two decided it was time "  to move on " The 32-year-old Swiss and Annacone worked together for about 31/2 years Federer is having his worst season in 10 years and has slipped to seventh in the world
Warsaw  CNN  -- In the estimation of Mitt Romney and his top campaign aides , there were no gaffes , no mistakes , no ill-advised statements on the Republican candidate 's overseas trip . The poorly timed comments at the Olympics ? No big deal . The remarks in Israel that inflamed the Palestinians ? Overblown . The off-color words to the press by a Romney aide Tuesday ? In the heat of the moment . A trip that was supposed to show off the former governor 's foreign policy expertise during an election year has been plagued with distractions as well as marked by substantive highlights . Team Obama seeks to convert on Romney "  fumbles " Still , as the candidate wrapped up his last leg in Poland , a senior Romney adviser said the campaign will land back in the U.S. late Tuesday , supremely confident of the results on the ground . "  I think it was a great success , " Romney adviser Stuart Stevens said after the GOP contender 's foreign policy speech in Warsaw , the last leg of the campaign 's three-country tour . "  The idea is that , can people get a good sense of who he is ? Can people listen and see that this is a person speaking from the heart about Israel and about Poland ? And he is , " Stevens added . In a speech at Poland 's national library , Romney offered an emotional tribute to the former Soviet bloc country 's journey from the Iron Curtain to the economic envy of Europe . "  I , and my fellow Americans , are inspired by the path of freedom tread by the people of Poland , " Romney said . Romney blames media for bad press In its final hours in Poland , the Romney campaign talked of its "  great success " while being bombarded by criticism over moments that did not go so well . For Romney , the trouble began in Britain , when he publicly questioned whether London was ready to host the Summer Olympic Games . British Prime Minister David Cameron retorted that it was far more difficult to organize the Olympics in a world capital than in the "  middle of nowhere , " a not-so-subtle dig at Romney 's Games in Salt Lake City . London tabloids dubbed Romney "  Mitt the Twit . " Romney talks tough but differs little from Obama on Iran But on the campaign 's chartered flight from London to the next leg of the trip , Israel , Romney 's policy advisers declined to comment on the candidate 's comments . Israel brought more controversy . In one of the great stage-crafting moments of his campaign , Romney delivered a stout defense of Israel 's right to exist . He warned Iranian leaders that weaponizing the country 's nuclear program would lead to war . However , Romney also outraged Palestinians leaders with his talk of Jerusalem as the undisputed capital of Israel . He commented at a fundraiser in the same city that "  culture " can partly explain the economic disparity between Israelis and Palestinians , inflaming the already raw feelings in the region . Romney was in no mood to answer questions from his traveling press corps about his "  from the heart " straight talk . He took only three questions from the journalists after his overseas trip . After Romney paid tribute at the Polish Tomb of the Unknown Soldier , members of the traveling press attempted to ask about some of his perceived gaffes , only to be shouted down by the campaign 's traveling press secretary . "  Kiss my ass . This is a holy site , " Rick Gorka barked at one reporter . "  Shove it , " he said to another . Gorka later called two reporters and apologized . After Romney 's speech , Stevens noted , the candidate did sit down for a number of interview with U.S. television networks , including CNN . "  The reports that we get back are very positive , " Stevens said of reviews the campaign 's trip is receiving from supporters . Team Obama : Romney trip an 'em barrassing disaster ' Before the campaign aide 's verbal assault on the press , conservative bloggers were protesting that Romney 's overseas trip was being judged unfairly in the media . "  By any reasonable standard , Romney 's trip has been successful . Yet press coverage has been unrelentingly negative , " Powerline blog writer John Hinderaker wrote . Greta Van Susteren , an anchor on the Fox News Channel , Romney 's go-to network for interviews , had a different assessment of the coverage . "  There has been no press access to Governor Romney since we landed in Poland . We  press  are in a holding pattern  I ca n't help but feel a bit like the press is a modified petting zoo since we are trapped in a bus while Polish citizens take pictures of us .  , " Van Susteren wrote on her blog . When Romney returns to the states , he will be greeted by a slew of new ads from his campaign and from super PACs supporting him , as well as a new iPhone and Android mobile app called "  Mitt 's VP , " about his VP selection process . Even while away , the campaign never stops . Who should Romney pick for his VP ? Let us know your choice on CNN iReport .	Romney 's camp says trip successful , getting good reviews But GOP candidate troubled by gaffes , controversy in Europe and Mideast Tensions between campaign , press overheat during last stop in Poland
Financial Times  -- Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp was on Tuesday facing a fresh barrage of allegations over its business practices after an Australian newspaper released 14,000 emails concerning one of the group 's security subsidiaries . The emails , said to be from the hard drive of a former head of security at NDS , a former News Corp subsidiary , appear to show that the company paid computer hackers to work with its "  operational security " unit . The cache sheds further light on commercial disputes between News Corp and pay-TV rivals that now span Australasia , Europe , and the US . The Australian Financial Review claimed that NDS 's activities in Australia in 1999 caused millions of dollars of damage to Mr Murdoch 's rivals in the country 's nascent pay-TV market . The business models of Austar , Optus and Foxtel were all damaged by a wave of high-tech piracy at that time . The Australian newspaper said the emails had originated from the computer of Ray Adams , a former commander in the Metropolitan Police in London , who served as head of operational security for NDS in Europe from 1996 to 2002 . NDS had no immediate comment but News Corp said : "  News Corporation is proud to have worked with NDS , whose industry-leading technology has transformed TV viewing for millions of people across the world , and to have supported them in their aggressive fight against piracy and copyright infringement . " Allegations of fierce competitive behaviour , which were not illegal under Australian law at the time , the AFR said , came a day after the BBC 's Panorama programme levelled similar charges against NDS 's conduct in the UK . The television programme said that NDS used hackers to crack the security of the encryption cards of OnDigital , the UK broadcaster ITV 's entrant in the pay-television market , which went bust in 2002 in the face of competition by News Corp 's British Sky Broadcasting unit . In one email purportedly from the hard drive , NDS employees discuss the fact that a European pay-TV company which News Corp was poised to take a stake in was "  totally hacked " by pirates . The sender of the email debated whether , in light of the News Corp interest in the company , NDS should "  start to protect -LSB- the particular model of encryption used by the company -RSB- while leaving the main ... platform compromised " . In a detailed statement after the Panorama programme , NDS denied ever using hackers against other companies . "  Like most companies in the conditional access industry -- and many law enforcement agencies -- NDS uses industry contacts to track and catch both hackers and pirates . This is neither illegal nor unethical . And , to ensure that all activity remains completely within legal bounds , NDS staff and their contacts operate under a clear code of conduct for operating undercover . "  These allegations were the subject of a long-running court case in the United States . This concluded with NDS being totally vindicated and its accuser having to pay almost $ 19m in costs -- a point that the BBC neglected to include . " Some of the emails released on Tuesday played a part in that case , where the US pay-TV platform Echostar won part of its claim , but was awarded trivial damages and was ordered to pay NDS 's costs . In the Panorama programme , Mr Adams denied ever having seen or handled encryption codes or cards that would have allowed anyone to hack OnDigital 's machines . Tom Watson , the opposition Labour MP who has led British parliamentary investigations into Mr Murdoch 's group and the UK phone hacking scandal , said he had written to the broadcasting regulator Ofcom , asking it to include the Panorama allegations in its inquiry into whether News Corp and its executives were "  fit and proper " to own a broadcasting licence . To date , 22 people have been arrested in connection with the phone hacking investigation at the News of the World newspaper . A separate UK police investigation is looking into alleged corrupt payments to public officials by journalists at The Sun . The FBI is also conducting a wide-ranging investigation .  The Financial Times Limited 2012	Australian Financial Review released 14,000 e-mails regarding former News Corp security subsidiary E-mails reveal News Corp hired computer hackers , allegedly to damage rival pay-TV operations
CNN  -- Yahoo! announced Monday that the search is on for the Internet giant 's next CEO . Jerry Yang , Yahoo! co-founder , speaks at an electronics show in Las Vegas in January . The new CEO will replace Yahoo! co-founder , Jerry Yang , who assumed the position in June 2007 and has since come under fire for failing to turn around the company . Yang will step down when a replacement is selected . Just two weeks ago at the Web 2.0 Summit , Yang was asked if he was the right guy to lead the battered portal . Yang dodged the question by defending his passion for the company he co-founded 13 years ago . "  I did n't make the decision of being the CEO lightly , " he said . "  I wanted to make a change at Yahoo! that I believe I can make ... That 's a dream that I felt I could achieve by being CEO and that 's still the dream today . " Now , Yang plans to return to his former role as "  Chief Yahoo " and will still have a seat on the board , Yahoo! said . During his short tenure , Yahoo! has had two major rounds of layoffs and has seen its search market share shrink significantly while a series of reorganizations led to the departure of senior executives . Wall Street and shareholders criticized Yang for falling short of reaching an agreement to sell the company to Microsoft . Yang also was taken to task when Google pulled out of a controversial ad agreement earlier this month that would have boosted Yahoo 's revenues by hundreds of millions of dollars . Yahoo! said the search for a new CEO will encompass both internal and external candidates . "  Over the past year and a half , despite extraordinary challenges and distractions , Jerry Yang has led the repositioning of Yahoo! on an open platform model as well as the improved alignment of costs and revenues , " said Chairman Roy Bostock . "  Jerry and the Board have had an ongoing dialogue about succession timing , and we all agree that now is the right time to make the transition to a new CEO who can take the company to the next level . "	Jerry Yang plans to resume his former role as "  Chief Yahoo " The Yahoo! co-founder will still have a seat on the board Yang criticized for not reaching deal to sell Yahoo! to Microsoft Yang took over as CEO in June 2007
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Some people living in Atlanta have found a way to get goods and services without spending their hard-earned cash . Misty Love discusses YOUME options with A.J. Butler and Nick Viola . Once a week , this group that calls itself the YOUMEs gather around a campfire in Dr. David Epstein 's backyard to offer what they have and to find out who within their community might have something they want . Each person takes a turn offering assets and announcing needs . Robin , an artist and interior designer , is looking for someone to refinish her hardwood floors . The next person up , Jo-Jo , a Pilates instructor who grew up on a boat , knows all about hardwood floors and can help Robin . A connection is made . Watch them make their pitch " Cameron , an acupuncturist , is looking for someone to fix his bike . A.J. Butler , a student , says he likes working on bikes and , although he has never seen an acupuncturist , will probably exchange time with Cameron -- another connection . The group is part of a growing national trend of communities looking for low-impact , locally rooted solutions in this challenging economy . Along with saving money , they 're meeting neighbors , learning what they have to offer and making connections that they say will benefit themselves and their community , today and in the future . The YOUMEs are still working on guidelines , such as whether a premium should be placed on highly developed skills or arduous tasks . "  It 's really about the two people who are making the arrangement , so if you have a really dirty job that takes six hours , maybe the other person would offer 10 hours of gardening , " Epstein said . There are hundreds of barter networks set up across the country . Many use barter credits as currency , so a plumber who needs to have a cavity filled does n't need to search for a dentist 's office with plumbing problems to make a deal . He can fix a leaky pipe for one member of a network and use the credits he earned for that job at any other . Michael Krane , president of Green Apple Barter Services in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , says his company has brokered everything from breast implants to college tuition to a horse . Web sites that put Americans in touch with like-minded people who are willing to trade everything under the sun have also seen a boost in traffic . SwapThing , which lists almost 3.5 million "  things " available for trade , reports that its customers are bartering for different reasons than before . Although there is an online element to YOUME group , what sets it apart from other barter groups is the personal connection made at the weekly meetings . "  There 's a scarcity of money and jobs , but we still have ourselves , our skills and our relationships . And we know that if we offer those , we 'll get something back , " Epstein said . "  Yes , this sort of thing is also happening on the Internet , but when it 's supported by a personal connection , it makes for a more valuable process . " Jeanne St. Romain agreed . "  I like the personal aspect . I 'm on my computer all day . You ca n't connect in the same way online . " Butler sees the meetings as an alternative to social networking sites . "  Facebook is fine , but a lot of the people I 'm in contact with on Facebook are very similar to me in terms of age or stage in life . Jeanne and I would never meet on Facebook , " Butler said , "  but here we are , talking about bike repair and marketing . " This life-enriching aspect is key , according to Epstein . "  We 're hoarding our money and protecting it for utilities and mortgages and those types of expenses , but in doing so , we 're depriving ourselves . Here , we 're able to save our money for those things that require money and enrich our lives in the process . " Although life enrichment is a benefit for many , Misty Love , who 's unemployed , needs help with more basic needs . "  I can do manual labor , video editing , massage . I 'm looking for food . I would like a place to live , rides around town , basic necessities , " she said . For group founder David Frane , the process is about finding a sustainable way of life without having to sacrifice too much . "  We all know how to be sustainable ; we give up everything . But it 's not a very palatable way to go through life . I do n't want to live like a monk and not enjoy the things we enjoyed growing up . " But he also believes that it strengthens the community . "  In the normal process of purchasing things , we really lose track of the money once it 's out of our hands . What we 're trying to do here is spend our resources in ways that benefit our community , " Frane said .	Making no-cash deals with neighbors can help in down economy Atlanta group meets to offer and announce goods or services needed YOUMEs see bartering as a way to save money , get better quality of life Other people join barter groups where they may get credits to trade
CNN  -- CNN.com 's Virginia Cha spoke to HLN "  Morning Express " anchor Robin Meade about overcoming anxiety and her new book , "  Morning Sunshine ! How to Radiate Confidence and Feel It Too , " published by Hachette Book Group . HLN 's Robin Meade was plagued by panic attacks early in her career . Virginia Cha : Looking at HLN anchor Robin Meade , you would probably think she 's never had a care in the world . She 's been a beauty queen -- no surprise -- a reporter , she 's gone skydiving with the president . Someone like that obviously has unfailing self-confidence , right ? Well , you might have trouble believing this , but it was n't always that way . In her new book , Robin shares a story of a time in her life when she actually suffered from anxiety attacks , and she talks about how she worked through her problem . She has come on over from the HLN set to talk to us . The book is called "  Morning Sunshine ! How to Radiate Confidence and Feel It Too . " It 's so good to see you . Robin Meade : Thank you so much . I appreciate it , Virginia . Cha : Is it weird being on the other end of an interview ? Meade : Absolutely . Absolutely . Exactly -- because you want to throw questions out , but I 'm here to answer them . Cha : A lot of people would look at you and say , "  Yeah , easy for her to radiate confidence -- just look at her . " You have this great job and family and everything . How does it work for someone who does n't have those things ? Meade : In the book I talk about how I think for a lot of people , their confidence is based upon what they perceive as their outer appearance . And for me , my self-confidence was built on -- and maybe falsely so -- the feeling that people liked me . That was my power in the world . I had to be liked . So if I felt maybe I was n't in a position to be liked , my power was gone and therefore my opinion did n't matter as much as a person who perhaps did n't like me . Read an excerpt from "  Morning Sunshine ! " At one point in my career -- about right here .  indicating photo of herself at anchor desk  ... You ca n't tell , but that 's the face of anxiety that you 're looking at . You get a lot of bosses in and every one of them is trying to make their mark and do good journalism and they might say , "  Do your job this way . " And you 've probably experienced this . And so you fill the prescription of whatever they think it is that a good newsperson or whatever it is that you do for a living . You prescribe , OK , you 're going to fill whatever they have said , you must do this . Well , I did it so much that I kind of lost my authentic self . Watch Virginia Cha 's interview with HLN 's Robin Meade " Cha : Just a few months ago you jumped out of a plane with President Bush -- former President Bush 41 for his 85th birthday , right ? Can you talk to us about that ? Meade : Yeah , it 's funny . ... Here we are with the Army 's Golden Knights , and we 're getting ready to jump . It was his 85th birthday and I got invited to go along . And he 's cool as a cucumber because he 's done this before . One of the newspaper reporters asked me , "  Well , if you had any anxiety issues before , did n't you have anxiety here getting ready to jump out of a plane ? " Most of us would , right ? Well , lucky or unlucky for me , however you look at it , I was not able to put my mind on the actual jumping-out part because I had to think about the interview beforehand . And then as we were jumping there were live cameras rolling so I had to think about , as I 'm falling to earth , what I would say when we landed . There would be live cameras . So , lucky for me I did n't actually have to go , "  I 'm falling now ! " Cha : Exactly . So the key here is to have your mind on other things . Meade : I was distracted . But I think it was a nice complete circle of where I 've been on my journey through self-confidence and anxiety . To actually jump out of a plane and not really have to worry about panic .	HLN 's Robin Meade 's new book describes how she overcame anxiety attacks Her book is called "  Morning Sunshine ! How to Radiate Confidence and Feel It Too " Meade talked to CNN 's Virginia Cha about self-confidence , skydiving with president Watch "  Morning Express " weekdays on HLN from 6-10 a.m. ET
CNN  -- It took until the presidential campaign was over , but Mitt Romney finally figured out the sinister plan Barack Obama executed to win re-election . Here 's how it worked : During his first term , Obama craftily carried out policies that helped improve Americans ' lives , thereby tricking them into voting to re-elect him . Diabolical ! OK , that was n't exactly how he put it . But in a conference call with his major donors after the campaign ended , Romney attributed his loss to the fact that Obama gave "  gifts " to various groups to win their loyalty . Young people , women , Latinos , African-Americans , all voted for Obama because he showered them with presents , he concluded . "  With regards to the young people , for instance , a forgiveness of college loan interest was a big gift , " Romney said . "  Free contraceptives were very big with young , college-aged women . And then , finally , Obamacare also made a difference for them , because as you know , anybody now 26 years of age and younger was now going to be part of their parents ' plan , and that was a big gift to young people . " Romney 's interpretation of the election results provides an apt footnote to his campaign , an encore performance of the infamous "  47 % " videotape . And that was hardly an isolated incident ; you 'll recall that Romney spent weeks attacking the Obama administration for supposedly eliminating the work requirements in welfare . "  You would n't have to work , " said a Romney ad . "  They just send you your welfare check . " The claim was false , but it sent the message he wanted : Obama was the candidate of the moocher class , the leeches who wanted only to luxuriate in their unearned benefits while good people worked for a living . But this idea did n't just occur to Romney out of nowhere . If in the last couple of years you 've been listening to conservative talk radio , watching Fox News or even attending panel discussions at tony conservative think tanks in Washington , you 've heard this analysis again and again . As the title of a recent book by a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute has it , we 've become "  A Nation of Takers , " selfishly grabbing what we can while hoping someone else will pay for it all . And since the election , one conservative after another has been complaining about those ungrateful Americans with their hands out . "  There are 50 % of the voting public who want stuff . They want things , " said Bill O'Reilly on Election Night . "  And who is going to give them things ? President Obama . " Which brings us back to the word Romney used over and over on that phone call : "  gift . " Apparently , he believes that when the government works to ensure that everyone has access to health care , or that young people can afford to attend college , it 's kind of like giving a kid a new Xbox -- he did n't need it , he probably did n't deserve it , but we gave it to him anyway so there wo n't be any tantrums for a while . You might say that a guy who does n't have an actual job , yet pulls in $ 20 million a year on which he pays 14 % in federal income taxes because of how the tax system is so skewed in his favor perhaps should not be talking so contemptuously about the government giving people gifts . But in the world that Romney and his wealthy donors inhabit , policies that benefit the upper class ca n't possibly be "  gifts . " Is eliminating the estate tax a gift ? Heavens , no . It 's just a way to encourage investment , which is good for all of us . Only benefits that accrue to the common folk are gifts , those undeserving masses gauche enough to send their children to public schools  another gift  , who worry about finding insurance if they have a pre-existing condition , who think that clean air and water are things everyone deserves . The truth is that we are all both takers and givers , at different times and in different ways . We pay taxes and we get benefits from government , both collective  such as national defense and clean air  and individual  such as Medicare  . We take from our parents , then give to our children . We 're individuals who make our own way , but we also live in a society where we depend on one another every day . For all the pettiness and silly attacks we saw in this election , there was also a genuine and enlightening philosophical debate . Republicans tried to paint the nation as an Ayn Rand fantasy world in which there are only two kinds of people : the brave individualists needing nothing from anyone , and the blood-sucking parasites who rely on government . The voters took a look at that fantasy and decided it was n't true . But Romney still believes it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman : Romney now sees Obama won by diabolically helping voters with policies He says Romney told donors these "  gifts " aimed at blacks , Hispanics , women , young Waldman : This idea not new from the right -- tax breaks not "  gifts , " but public benefits are Waldman : Election actually revealed this disconnect , and voters showed they did n't buy it
London  CNN  -- The father of the Pakistani teen whose love of learning led the Taliban to shoot her expressed gratitude Friday for the help she has received . "  Last night when we met her , there were tears in our eyes and they were out of happiness , out of happiness , " Ziauddin Yousufzai told reporters at Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham the morning after reuniting with his 15-year-old daughter , Malala . Malala was flown to the British facility on October 15 -- six days after being shot in the head at point-blank range while on her way home from school . Yousufzai described his daughter 's survival as a "  miracle for us " and choked up as he recalled having started at one point to think about planning her funeral . "  She is not just my daughter , she is the daughter of everyone , she is the sister of everyone , " Yousufzai said , speaking a day after he , his wife and two sons arrived in Birmingham , England , to see her . Yousufzai spoke of how Malala had become an education rights activist at an early age , and in so doing had become an international symbol of courage . He said he is "  thankful to the media of Pakistan ... because it is very difficult to stand by a girl who stands up against terrorism . ... They were warned by the terrorists but still they kept on supporting my daughter . " Malala : Symbol of global fight for education ? He also expressed gratitude to the British and Pakistani governments , the latter of which is paying for her treatment . And he thanked medical teams in both countries for the care they have provided . "  She got the right treatment , at the right place , at the right time , " he said . Yousufzai , who was accompanied at the news conference by Malala 's 12-year-old brother , detailed the days since Malala was shot in her hometown of Swat . She was initially taken to an area hospital , then transferred to a hospital in Peshawar and on to Islamabad , undergoing surgery to remove part of her skull so that her injured brain could swell unimpeded . By the time Malala was flown to Britain , doctors had placed her in a medically induced coma . "  She was in a very bad condition , " her father said . "  She is lucky to be alive , " Dr. Dave Rosser , the medical director of University Hospitals Birmingham , told reporters . But he described Malala 's prognosis as "  excellent . " She does not appear to have suffered significant brain damage , he said . "  There 's no real areas of concern , at this stage , " he added . He said she is tired , but "  managed a big smile " when she saw her family . The teenager is able to breathe on her own , her father said . Rosser said Malala can walk "  with very little help , just a nurse 's arm on her elbow for support , and she "  appears to have very good memories of both the last few days of her care and events prior to this incident , " he said . But he said hospital staffers have not asked the girl about the shooting itself . "  Asking people to relive the memories increases the chance of post-traumatic stress , " he said . On Friday , the girl was to undergo blood tests and tests on her hearing and vision , "  just to make sure that we 're not missing anything , " since the bullet entered her skull above her left eyebrow , he said . Pakistan college renamed in honor of Malala Rosser said an infection that had troubled doctors last week has cleared . Once Malala has regained strength , doctors will reconstruct her skull either by replacing the fist-sized piece of bone that they removed in Pakistan , or with a titanium plate , Rosser said . In addition , doctors may operate on her jaw , he said . "  She should n't need to be in hospital for more than a few weeks , maybe a couple of months at the most , " he said . Malala has been thinking about school during her recovery , Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik told reporters after meeting with her family Thursday . "  The mission she has taken forward and the education awareness that has spread across Pakistan is all Malala 's doing , " he said , according to PTV . "  Our entire nation should be proud of her love for the soil of her country . " When Malala returns to Pakistan , he said , "  we will provide her with complete security , despite anyone 's refusal , to ensure that something like this never happens again . The attack on Malala was a mindset of people who do n't want to see this country progress . " Rosser said he would not discuss any security precautions the hospital may be taking . Arrests made in Malala shooting The Taliban have claimed responsibility for the shooting in the conservative Swat Valley but do n't appear to have anticipated the level of condemnation it would provoke . Thousands of people in Pakistan and elsewhere have attended rallies and vigils honoring her courage and praying for her recovery . Malala initially gained international attention in 2009 , writing a blog about her life as the Taliban gained a foothold in her home region of Swat , a Taliban redoubt in northwest Pakistan , near Afghanistan . Opinion : Why Malala should not be turned into modern Joan of Arc CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Jonathan Wald and Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	"  She is not just my daughter , she is the daughter of everyone , " her father says Malala Yousufzai 's family visited her Thursday "  There were tears in our eyes and they were out of happiness , " father says "  We do n't think she has significant brain damage , " hospital director says
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- U.S. presidential contender Barack Obama used a speech Thursday in Berlin -- the German city that once symbolized Cold War division -- to warn about the dangers of allowing new walls to come between the United States and its allies . Barack Obama presses the flesh in Germany after his speech in Berlin 's Tiergarten Park . Obama highlighted what he sees as common transatlantic goals while also accepting the differences of the Bush years . He is on the latest leg of an international trip intended to bolster his foreign policy credentials at home and set out his vision for a new era of transatlantic cooperation . In an echo of former President Ronald Reagan 's speech when he demanded the Berlin Wall be pulled down , Obama said : "  The walls between the countries with the most and those with the least can not stand . The walls between races and tribes ; natives and immigrants ; Christian and Muslim and Jew can not stand . These now are the walls we must tear down . " Obama introduced himself to the Berlin crowd as a proud U.S. citizen and a "  fellow citizen of the world . " He said : "  This city , of all cities , knows the dream of freedom . And you know that the only reason we stand here tonight is because men and women from both of our nations came together to work , and struggle , and sacrifice for that better life . " Watch Obama in Germany " He touched on issues that have generally divided Europe and the U.S. such as climate change as well as comparing Berlin 's Cold War struggle with today 's international challenges like fighting terrorism . "  People of the world - look at Berlin , where a wall came down , a continent came together , and history proved that there is no challenge too great for a world that stands as one , " he said . Obama said : "  While the 20th century taught us that we share a common destiny , the 21st has revealed a world more intertwined than at any time in human history . " He said the fall of the Berlin Wall offered hope as the world faces up to international challenges such as terrorism , climate change and loose nukes "  In this new world , such dangerous currents have swept along faster than our efforts to contain them . That is why we can not afford to be divided , " Obama said . He also addressed differences between the U.S. and Europe but added : "  In Europe , the view that America is part of what has gone wrong in our world , rather than a force to help make it right , has become all too common . "  In America , there are voices that deride and deny the importance of Europe 's role in our security and our future . Both views miss the truth ... "  In this new century , Americans and Europeans alike will be required to do more - not less . Partnership and cooperation among nations is not a choice ; it is the one way , the only way , to protect our common security and advance our common humanity . " Turning to global warming , Obama said : "  This is the moment when we must come together to save this planet . "  Let us resolve that we will not leave our children a world where the oceans rise and famine spreads and terrible storms devastate our lands . Let us resolve that all nations - including my own - will act with the same seriousness of purpose as has your nation , and reduce the carbon we send into our atmosphere . " CNN 's Christiane Amanpour said despite the pro-Obama crowd who gathered at the Victory Column in Berlin 's Tiergarten Park hours before the speech , many had serious questions about his policies . Tucker Bounds , a spokesman for Obama 's Republican rival John McCain , said : "  John McCain has dedicated his life to serving , improving and protecting America . Barack Obama spent an afternoon talking about it . " Obama earlier played down suggestions he was delivering a campaign speech but conceded that his performance was intended as much for an American audience as for the gathering German crowds . He had originally hoped to speak in front of the iconic Brandenburg Gate , where U.S. President John F. Kennedy was photographed during a visit in 1963 shortly after the Berlin Wall had been built . Expressing solidarity with the people of the divided city during the same trip , Kennedy declared "  Ich bin ein Berliner . " The gate was also the site of a speech by U.S. President Ronald Reagan in 1987 in which he memorably urged Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to "  tear down " the wall . But use of the landmark was apparently vetoed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who a spokesman Wednesday said disapproved of plans to co-opt it as a "  campaign backdrop . " CNN European Political Editor Robin Oakley said Obama enjoyed widespread popularity in Europe , partly because of his optimism and partly because he is not President George W. Bush . Watch how Europe compares the two candidates " But Oakley said Obama needed to prove to Americans that he could defend U.S. interests abroad . Republican rival John McCain 's campaign team has frequently criticized Obama as being inexperienced on foreign policy and a recent poll suggested just 48 percent of Americans thought he would make a good commander in chief , compared to 72 percent for McCain . Germany 's ties with the Bush administration have warmed since a fallout over the Iraq war , which Germany opposed . Germany and the U.S. have also disagreed over NATO member Germany 's refusal to send troops into combat zones in southern Afghanistan . Oakley said European leaders would be seeking confirmation that Obama , if elected , would be a "  listening president . " In addition to Merkel , Obama is slated to meet with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and opposition leader David Cameron as well as French President Nicolas Sarkozy . Obama 's arrival in Europe follows earlier stopovers in Afghanistan , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Israel and the Palestinian territories . He says he is making the trip as a U.S. senator rather than a presidential contender .	U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama gives speech in Germany Obama : Berlin 's history offers hope for the future Obama : Remove walls between religions , races , and the rich and poor Trip is intended to shore up Obama 's foreign policy credentials
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Thousands of dancers jammed a major London train station in a Facebook-driven "  flashmob " mimicking an advertisement for a phone company . And the event last Friday evening was so successful that another is planned for next Friday in Trafalgar Square in central London . Plus , a group has been set up to organize another one at Liverpool Street Station a week later . Videos posted on the social-networking site showed Liverpool Street Station completely filled with people , counting down the seconds until the clock showed 7 p.m. , then dancing to music on their mp3 players as the hour struck . The sheer scale of the event came as a complete surprise to the organizer , a 22-year-old Facebook user who identified himself only as Crazzy Eve . "  I was watching TV and the T-Mobile advertisement came up and I thought , hm , let 's get my friends down to Liverpool Street and do a little dance , " he told CNN by phone . He posted the event on Facebook and invited his friends , who invited their friends , he said , and so on until thousands of people had been told of the plan . "  At a quarter to seven people just flocked into the station like someone opened a plughole and the water went out , " he said . "  They just kept coming in like sheep . As it grew and grew , I just thought , ` This is going to be huge . ' " iReport.com : Were you there ? Send your photos and video His main memory of the event is "  the volume of people -- you could n't see the floor , " he said . He left after 15 minutes -- the scheduled ending time -- for fear of the police , he said , adding that he had deleted his name from the event Web site and refused to identify himself to CNN for the same reason . "  The entire main concourse was packed full of people dancing , cheering and screaming , " said CNN 's Simon Hooper , who was passing through the station on his way home . "  There were camera flashes going off constantly . There were also loads of people crammed around the edge of the upper level of the station , looking down at the scene below . "  There were a lot of bemused commuters wandering around the edges , trying to get to their trains but nobody seemed to mind too much . Everyone seemed pretty good humored , " he said . "  I think a lot of people who pass through Liverpool Street regularly are getting used to this sort of thing . " British Transport Police also described it as "  mainly a good humored event , " adding "  No arrests were made and no crimes were reported . " Police did not have an immediate estimate of the crowd size , but more than 14,000 people joined the Facebook group "  Liverpool Street Station Silent Dance . " "  It was both good cause we all stuck like a group did n't stop dancing inside and outside but bad cause of the people who could get anywhere but hey I love it WE MADE HISTORY RIGHT THERE !! " one Facebook user said on the event 's Web site . "  Yeah I agree , there was n't any bad feelings there . Everybody just had a good time , apart from my friend being groped by some guy , but you 'll always get one , " another wrote . The T-Mobile commercial which inspired the event shows several hundred people dancing in the station . The dancing in the advertisement appears to be spontaneous but was actually choreographed . It was filmed January 15 and has been widely broadcast since then . The success of the event has prompted Crazzy Eve to call for another silent dance at Trafalgar Square in central London on February 13 . A group has been set up to organize another one at Liverpool Street Station a week later . The station has a large open space with a balcony surrounding it . User videos shot from the balcony and posted on Facebook showed every available inch of space filled with people , many of them cheering , though the event was billed as "  silent . " Flashmobs -- groups of people meeting and all doing the same thing together in public , from dancing to freezing in place -- have become increasingly regular events around the world . iReport.com : See an organized mass pillowfight in Taiwan London 's Tate Modern art museum was the scene of a flashmob dance in 2007 , and hundreds of people froze in place in Trafalgar Square , then formed a conga line in 2008 . Charlie Todd , a comedian and founder of the New York group Improv Everywhere , which organizes flashmobs , says the point of the group 's "  missions " is simple . "  We get satisfaction from coming up with an awesome idea and making it come to life , " he writes on the group 's Web site . "  In the process we bring excitement to otherwise unexciting locales and give strangers a story they can tell for the rest of their lives . We 're out to prove that a prank does n't have to involve humiliation or embarrassment ; it can simply be about making someone laugh , smile , or stop to notice the world around them . "	Thousands take part in silent disco "  flashmob " at London 's Liverpool Street station Event , which imitated phone company advert , was organized over Facebook 22-year-old organizer now planning a bigger flashmob event in Trafalgar Square
At the tender age of five , surviving a tornado a mile wide is , at the least , traumatizing . Being separated from mom and dad after that , and living in a strange house , is enough to make a little boy break down and cry . Through the eyes of a dog , possessive of its owner , a stranger in the house screaming at a family member can look like a threat that must be dealt with . The two scenarios cruelly collided over the weekend when a 150-lb bull mastiff fatally mauled a 5-year-old boy , puncturing his head and neck . Lynn Geiling had taken the little boy into her Jessieville , Arkansas , home after he and his family survived a monster tornado that in May waylaid Moore , Oklahoma . His parents had returned home , 200 miles away , to gather up the pieces of their lives . Sunday , something upset the child and he threw a temper tantrum , the country sheriff 's office said . Geiling went over to calm him , but the screaming upset another family member -- Geiling 's dog . The dog probably thought the boy was attacking its owner , said Garland County Deputy Scott Hinojosa . It lunged for him . Geiling fought to unlock the dog 's jaws from around the boy while calling to her husband for help , the sheriff 's office said . She pried the dog loose , but the damage was done . The couple rushed the bleeding boy to meet an ambulance , which took him to the hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Authorities did not release his name . The dog ran away but was later captured . No charges have been filed against Geiling , Hinojosa said . "  I am just really sorry that this happened in Garland County to people who have undergone such tragedy . It makes your heart bleed for them , " Garland County Justice of the Peace Mary Bournival told CNN affiliate KATV . She was close to tears . As justice of the peace , she has seen too many maulings by dogs . She keeps a collection of gruesome photos of people with flesh torn away from their arms , legs and faces by "  bully " breeds , as she calls them . "  I would say just in the last two months we 've had at least seven attacks involving these dogs , " she said . Her county has some of the most relaxed laws in the state , she said . "  We do n't even have a simple leash law . " She wants that to change . But that would be too little too late for the little boy and his family . List of the May 31 storm fatalities in Oklahoma	His family took him to stay with friends in Arkansas They were rebuilding after the Moore , Oklahoma , twister , when he was mauled The dog , a bull mastiff , belonged to his host family Lynn Geiling pried her dog off of the boy , but it was too late
CNN  -- The pastor of a Maryville , Illinois , church was shot to death during a service Sunday in front of horrified church members who then tackled the gunman , state police said . The Web site for the First Baptist Church of Maryville , Illinois , includes a photo of the Rev. Fred Winters . Fred Winters , the pastor of the First Baptist Church , was shot and killed during the 8 a.m. service , and the attacker and two church members suffered knife wounds in the attack , authorities said . The gunman entered during the service and walked up to the pulpit . Winters and the gunman apparently exchanged words before the 27-year-old man fired four shots , hitting the pastor 's Bible and then the pastor , said Illinois State Police Director Larry Trent . "  The only thing we know is that the suspect said something to the pastor , and the pastor said something back to him -- we do n't know what that was , " Trent told reporters Sunday afternoon . "  It was almost as if the pastor may have recognized him , but we 're not sure about that at all . " The gunman 's .45 - caliber pistol jammed after he shot Winters , Trent said . The man then pulled out a knife before being tackled by some of about 150 worshippers attending the service in southern Illinois , near St. Louis , Missouri . Watch the aftermath of the church shooting " Earlier reports from authorities said the man may have turned the knife on himself , but Trent said that was not confirmed . "  When he was tackled by two of the members , we do n't know whether he fell on the knife , injuring himself at the time , or whether -LSB- his injury -RSB- was self-inflicted during the struggle , " Trent said . Two of those who went after the attacker suffered injuries that are n't life-threatening , while the suspect 's injuries are "  very serious , " Illinois state police spokesman Ralph Timmins said . Witness Claudia Bohley told CNN affiliate KSDK-TV in St. Louis that she was in the church 's foyer waiting for the service to begin when she heard "  pop , pop , pop . ... We just could n't imagine what had happened . " She said she ran into the sanctuary and saw what looked like paper scattered on the pulpit . She said she was later told that a bullet hit Winters ' Bible . "  It was like confetti . It went everywhere , " she said . "  People were down on their knees and on the floor , screaming and praying . " She described Winters -- who is pictured on the church 's Web site along with his wife and two children -- as "  such a pleasant pastor . " Trent said police are still trying to determine a motive in the shooting and that church members did not recognize the gunman . St. Louis University Hospital spokeswoman Laura Keller told CNN three males , including the suspect , were brought to the hospital . One was dead on arrival , she said , but the hospital was not releasing names and ages . She said the second was in an operating room and the third was the suspect , whose condition was not immediately available . Trent said one of two wounded church members was treated and released . Trent called the actions of the two wounded church members "  heroic , " saying they took quick action when others "  were understandably stuck to their seats . " Phone calls to the church office went unanswered Sunday . A posting on the church 's Web site said a prayer vigil would be held at 6 p.m. at Metro Community Church in Edwardsville , Illinois , about six miles north of Maryville . First Baptist Church is fairly large , with about 1,000 members , KSDK reported . The church holds four Sunday services . Timmins said many of the people attending the service remained for hours afterward , as police were conducting interviews . The Illinois shooting is believed to be the nation 's first in a church since July , when a 58-year-old man opened fire in a Knoxville , Tennessee , church during a children 's play . Two people were killed and six wounded in that shooting at Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church . In the Tennessee case , Jim Adkisson told police he targeted the church because of its "  liberal teachings , " according to court papers . Adkisson pleaded guilty last month in a deal that allowed him to avoid the death penalty and will face life in prison without parole , court officials said . Police said the Maryville congregation had a plan in place , including a protocol for lockdown , in the event of an incident such as Sunday 's attack .	Church members tackle gunman after shooting , police say Suspect 's injuries are "  very serious , " police spokesman says Police looking for motive in Illinois church attack that killed pastor
CNN  -- Apple 's new iPad was n't the only game in town this week . More than 18,000 videogame makers gathered in San Francisco at the 26th annual Game Developers Convention  GDC 2012  to discuss the future of interactive entertainment . While there was plenty of talk about the explosion of casual and social games and how new smartphones and tablets are luring even more users into gaming , there were also plenty of brand new "  AAA " games debuting at the Moscone Center and surrounding area hotels . "  What always amazes me at a show like GDC is the fact that there 's always a smoke chasing vibe about what 's hot and what 's interesting this year , " said Cliff Bleszinski , design director at Epic Games , which was showcasing its new Unreal Engine 4 technology at the show . "  Over the last several years we 've seen the rise of freemium gaming and social mobile , and it 's something we 're willing to experiment with when you look at games such as Infinity Blade on iOS . But I 'm of the belief that we 're here to remind people that AAA is here to stay and people will always want beautiful , $ 60-quality gaming experiences . " The following are five big games that stood out at GDC that are worth picking up when they arrive later this year on a console , PC or gaming device : ` Medal of Honor Warfighter ' Electronic Arts is leaving the intense combat of Afghanistan for the broader war on terrorism in this latest first-person shooter , which sends players to global hot spots like the Philippines and the Somali coast on missions to rescue hostages and battle pirates . Executive producer Greg Goodrich said the new game , which ships October 23 , features covert missions inspired by actual Tier 1 Operators and events ripped straight from news headlines . The game makers are working with former soldiers to ensure an authentic , yet intense , experience . In an attempt to expand the appeal of the franchise , the multi-player experience allows gamers to play take control of Special Forces from 12 countries , including Australian SASR , British SAS , German KSK and Polish GROM . ` Hawken ' A brand new game publisher , Meteor Entertainment , showed off a very different free-to-play PC gaming experience with "  Hawken . " Set on a post-apocalyptic , human-colonized planet that has been industrialized to the point of collapse , players pilot giant robotic Mechs armed to the teeth . The fast-paced gameplay focuses on intense battle experiences in a futuristic world that has Asian influences , a la "  Blade Runner . " The development team utilized the free Unreal Development Kit to bring the first-person action to life and watched as a YouTube video created a bidding war that ultimately gave life to a new game company . One of the key trends at GDC is the evolution of free-to-play games to more console-quality experiences . Hawken goes live December 12 , 2012 . ` LEGO Batman 2 : DC Super Heroes ' This is a very big year for DC Comics fans with "  The Dark Knight Rises " and "  Man of Steel " hitting theaters . The latest "  LEGO Batman " game manages to celebrate both of these beloved super heroes in an incredibly detailed open world Gotham City . Due out this summer across all platforms , the new LEGO game introduces a wide cast of superheroes like Wonder Woman and Green Lantern , and super villains like Lex Luthor and The Joker . The ability to fly through the city as Superman or play with Batman and Robin 's cool vehicles like the Batmobile and Batwing , should appeal to kids of all ages . There 's a reason the first LEGO Batman sold over 11 million copies , and this sequel pushes the fun forward with some of the most amazing visuals yet seen in a LEGO game . Full disclosure : This game is produced by Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment , which , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . ` Sleeping Dogs ' "  Grand Theft Auto V " is n't the only open-world crime story coming out this year . With "  Sleeping Dogs , " developer United Front Games introduces a virtual Hong Kong , complete with John Woo-style action . The game 's storyline focuses on a gritty undercover tale that sends players into the underbelly of the triads as cop Wei Shen . With intuitive one-button action that allows players to pull off Hollywood-inspired maneuvers like jumping from a motorcycle onto the roof of a speeding car , this game offers intense action across multiple fronts . Gamers can drive vehicles , including speedboats , pick up an assortment of weapons -- or just use their fists to take down enemies . Players will be able to explore all aspects of this city later this year . ` Assassin 's Creed III ' After exploring history in the Middle Ages and the Italian Renaissance , Ubisoft is focusing on the American Revolution in its latest action-adventure game . This game puts players in control of Connor , a hero of Native-American and English heritage . Combat is carried by using knives , bows-and-arrows and a trusty tomahawk . Players interact with historical figures like George Washington , Ben Franklin and Charles Lee . They also experience 18th century events like the burning of New York and the Battle of Valley Forge . In addition to taking part in the Continental Army 's battle against the British redcoats , gameplay includes more open frontier terrain . With more fluid and streamlined controls , American history has never been so much fun .	More than 18,000 videogame makers gathered at the Game Developers Convention Five big games stood out at GDC this year , which was held in San Francisco
CNN  -- Eleven people died as Hurricane Sandy pummeled Cuba on Thursday , state media reported . Nine deaths occurred in Santiago de Cuba province and two bodies were recovered in Guantanamo state , national media reported , citing civil defense authorities . Cuban President Raul Castro will travel Friday to Santiago de Cuba , the country 's second largest city , to survey the damage . More than 3,000 buildings were damaged in eastern Cuba , state television reported . "  I lost an upstairs room and part of my roof . There are trees down all over the place . Everyone is in shock . We have never had a storm hit like this , " said a woman named Dulce , a doctor in the city of Santiago . Residents in Santiago spent Thursday assessing the extent of the damage . There was no electricity , and very few people had working phones , Dulce said . Heavy rain in Cuba brings with it potential health risks . Flooding over the summer in Granma province contaminated wells , leading to a cholera outbreak , the first Cuba had experienced in a century . The same province was hit hard by Sandy . In the Bahamas , as Olivia Jorjani and her mother were trying to watch the World Series game between power outages , tree branches in Nassau started to break and fall , and parking lots began to flood . It was just a matter of time before the lights went out again , and "  then we will play gin by candlelight , " the iReporter said from her home on New Providence Island . Bahamians and their guests hunkered down Thursday night as Sandy , a Category 2 hurricane , tore through the islands with 100 mph wind and the potential for up to 12 inches of rain . New Yorker John Trudden was staying at Club Med on San Salvador Island , celebrating a friend 's birthday with 10 buddies . He said they will be confined to the hotel , which gave them food and drink to take to their rooms , until 8 a.m. Friday , when officials expect most of the storm to have passed over . Before Sandy arrived , Nassau resident Stephan Rolle was n't overly worried . It is a "  small storm " with "  mediocre wind , " he said . Rolle , 29 , waited for 40 minutes in line at a grocery store to purchase nonperishable goods and bread . He moved the potted plants and emptied part of his family 's pool to make room for the rainwater . Sandy may not be a Category 5 monster , but "  we take it seriously , and we just want to make sure we are comfortable , " he said . As of 8 p.m. ET , the eye of the storm was 105 miles  170 kilometers  east of Nassau , sparing the Bahamas ' largest city the worst part of the storm . "  I do n't think that it 's going to do significant damage . Think there could be some debris , but in Nassau things are not as bad as they may be in the outer islands , " CNN iReporter Cynthia Russell , an administration manager , said . Along the U.S. East Coast , residents were told to be wary headed into the weekend . CNN meteorologist and severe weather expert Chad Myers said Sandy could have a bigger impact than Irene did last year , when it glanced off North Carolina before plowing into the Northeast . "  This could be like the ` Perfect Storm ' 21 years ago , " he said of the potential damage . "  It depends on where it hits . " The "  Perfect Storm " was the result of a nor'easter and Hurricane Grace combining into a one storm . In this case , a system approaching from the west is expected to interact with Sandy . To what extent is the question to be answered in the next four days . For now , Sandy is proving to be a windfall for surfers familiar with tamer tides . Even hundreds of miles away , the storm kicked up powerful surf off Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Jason Russo , a visitor from Connecticut , could n't resist jumping in . "  I went in the water , I did about three somersaults ... strong rip current , " he told CNN affiliate WSVN . Fort Lauderdale 's Ocean Rescue advised beachgoers to stay out of the water , but acknowledged not everyone would heed the warning . "  The expert surfers will be out there , so we just tell them to be careful , and we 're there if they need our help , " Chief Breck Ballou said . "  We 're there to go out and get them . " On Friday , more high waves and rip currents are likely along the coastal beaches of Florida 's east coast and into southern Georgia , as well as tropical storm force wind gusts up to 50 mph . Saturday , tropical storm force wind gusts reaching 50 mph might be felt as far north as the Outer Banks of North Carolina . Rip currents and high waves will also be an issue along coastal Georgia and the Carolinas , with significant coastal flooding possible , especially during high tides . The five-day forecast from the National Hurricane Center predicts the center of the storm will shadow the East Coast in the coming days , with Sandy potentially making landfall as a tropical storm in New Jersey the day before Halloween . Sandy also claimed two lives before reaching Cuba . A woman in western Haiti 's Camp-Perrin died Wednesday when she tried to cross a flooding river in the Ravine du Sud , according to Haitian news agency AHP . And CNN affiliate TVJ reported a man in Jamaica was killed when he was hit by a boulder sent tumbling downhill by the storm 's rain . In the Dominican Republic , Misael Rincon , a CNN iReporter , could n't sleep as Sandy 's rain beat down on Santo Domingo because he knew his neighborhood is prone to flooding . He drove to work on Thursday but had to change his route several times , as he encountered roads with water levels too high . Even though he drives an SUV , a blue Ford Explorer , he was not high enough off the ground to avoid having water seep into his vehicle . "  I 'd say 70 % of the streets in Santo Domingo are flooded , " he said . Some cars were submerged , and people with trucks were charging motorists $ 5 to pull their vehicles to higher ground , he said . There were some good Samaritans , too . The government ordered evacuations of high-risk zones and canceled schools . CNN 's Sean Morris , Patrick Oppmann and Ed Payne and journalist Diulka Perez contributed to this report .	NEW : Nine people killed in Santiago and 2 died in Guantanamo state NEW : Bahamas residents endure intermittent power outages , minor flooding More than 3,000 homes were damaged in Cuba Hurricane center predicts storm may hit New Jersey on Tuesday
CNN  -- The case of a Christian woman in Sudan who was sentenced to die for refusing to renounce her faith has cast new light on the plight of persecuted Christians worldwide . Sudan ranks as one of the worst countries for people who practice Christianity , but it by no means is alone . Like people of other faiths , Christians can face discrimination , harassment , arrest , jail time and even death for what they believe . Here 's a look at seven terrible countries for Christians : North Korea For the 12th year in a row , North Korea tops the list of places where Christian persecution is most extreme , according to Open Doors , a group that ranks countries in order of persecution . The organization estimates as many as 70,000 Christians are imprisoned in labor camps . "  The God-like worship of the leader , Kim Jong-Un , and his predecessors leaves no room for any other religion , and Christians face unimaginable pressure in every sphere of life , " the group says on its website . "  Forced to meet only in secret , they dare not share their faith even with their families , for fear of imprisonment in a labor camp . Anyone discovered engaging in secret religious activity may be subject to arrest , disappearance , torture , even public execution . " Among those imprisoned is Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American . Pyongyang sentenced him last year to 15 years of hard labor , accusing him of planning to bring down the government through religious activities . He is widely reported to have been conducting Christian missionary work in North Korea . Kenneth Bae worried about his health in North Korean camp Sudan Since 1999 , the U.S. State Department has tracked the world 's worst abusers of religious rights . Sudan has been on the list since its inception . The country has arrested and deported Western Christians suspected of spreading their faith , according to a State Department report . Recently , Sudan also arrested and sentenced a woman to die for refusing to renounce her Christian faith . The 27-year old woman was released after weeks of international controversy over her conviction . She was later detained with her husband and two children , accused of traveling with falsified documents and giving false information . Eritrea Just four religious groups are officially allowed to openly practice their faith in this African nation ; the rest are subject to detention or worse . So if you 're not an Eritrean Orthodox Christian , a Sunni Muslim , a Roman Catholic or an Evangelical Lutheran , life could be tough for you here . Harsh detentions for religious dissenters are the norm , according to the State Department report . Members of various religious groups , including Jehovah 's Witnesses , face retaliation for refusing to participate in military portions of mandatory national service , the report reads . The government is said to penalize Jehovah 's Witnesses by denying them government services and entitlements . As of November , 52 Jehovah 's Witnesses were imprisoned in Eritrea , according to the Jehovah 's Witnesses website . It says none has been formally charged or tried . Saudi Arabia The oil-rich monarchy does n't even pretend to respect religious rights for any faith other than Islam . Sunni Islam is the official religion , and the country 's constitution is based on the Quran and the teachings of the Prophet Mohammed . The public practice of any other religion is prohibited , according to the State Department . Open Doors says most Christians in Saudi Arabia are expatriates from Asia or Africa . Last year , Christian migrant fellowships were raided , and worshipers were detained and deported , the group says . Nigeria Nigeria is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Boko Haram , an Islamic extremist group , vowed in 2009 to rid the nation 's north of all non-Muslim influence , including Christians , according to The Voice of the Martyrs , another group that tracks the persecution of Christians . More than 3,000 people have been killed since then , the organization reports . Boko Haram translates as "  Western education is a sin " in the Hausa language . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation . Boko Haram 's attacks have intensified in recent years and have included the kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls . Somalia Pressure is increasing on Christians in this country , according to Open Doors . "  Islamic leaders and government officials publicly reinforce that there is no room for Christians , and there is a strong drive to purge Christianity from Somalia . The militant Islamist group , al-Shabaab , targets Christians and local communities , " the group says on its site . The terror group is notorious for prohibiting recreational activities and has banned films , dancing and watching soccer in the past . It had also barred foreign aid organizations from southern Somalia , describing them as Western spies and Christian crusaders . Iraq Religious minorities , such as Christians and Yazidis , make up less than 5 % of Iraq 's population . Since 2003 , attacks against these minorities by insurgents and religious extremists have driven more than half of the minorities out of the country , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . According to Open Doors , attacks and threats against Christians rose last year as Islamic terrorist groups gained more influence . Militants from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , are in the midst of an offensive in Iraq . In the northern city of Mosul , the site of one of the first major ISIS victories , witnesses told CNN the group used vehicle-mounted loudspeakers to announce that it had decided to form Islamic Sharia courts in the city . The group also reportedly removed statues of the Christian Virgin Mary , Arab poet Abu Tammam and singer Mulla Othman , witnesses said . Militants ' advance threatens Christians in Iraq CNN 's Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	As many as 70,000 Christians are thought to be imprisoned in labor camps in North Korea Sudan sentenced a woman to die for refusing to renounce her faith ; she was later released Christians are under attack in Nigeria from the Islamic extremist group Boko Haram
Washington  CNN  -- Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer was robbed last week by an intruder armed with a machete while Breyer was vacationing on the Caribbean island of Nevis , court officials said Monday . Breyer , his wife and two other guests were in the justice 's vacation home at the time , but officials said no one was hurt in the incident . The male assailant took $ 1,000 in cash and fled the scene , according to court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg . The robbery was reported to local authorities shortly after it happened last Thursday night , and local media said no arrests had been made as of Monday . A law enforcement official said the evidence so far indicates the incident was "  a crime of opportunity , " and that police have seen nothing so far to indicate Breyer was targeted for robbery . The U.S. Marshals Service provides protection for members of the high court when they are traveling , and agency spokesman Jeff Carter said Monday that the marshals service "  is aware of the incident involving Justice Breyer on the Caribbean island of Nevis and is assisting the Supreme Court Police and local law enforcement authorities with the investigation as needed . " He did not elaborate . FBI spokesman Paul Bresson said , "  We are assisting the local police with their investigation . " Meanwhile , police on the island were "  actively searching for a known person of interest , " Commissioner C.G. Walwyn of the Royal St. Christopher and Nevis Police Force said Monday . "  Our American-trained crime scene investigators and the members of our Criminal Investigators  unit  are working closely with the FBI on this case , " he added . Breyer had no comment on the matter , and the court would not say if he had returned to the United States . The high court is in recess this week , but the justices have scheduled a closed-door meeting Friday to go over pending court business , and they resume public sessions next week . Nevis is part of the West Indies chain known as the Leeward Islands , located about 350 miles southeast of Puerto Rico . The court does not talk publicly about specific security arrangements for the justices , either when they are at home or on their frequent travels . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg traveled to Egypt and Tunisia last month as part of an outreach program sponsored by the State Department , which provided her security in the volatile region . Attacks on members of the federal judiciary are not new . Then-Justice David Souter was assaulted by a group of young males in 2004 while jogging alone in the evening near his Washington home . Souter suffered some minor bruises and was briefly treated then released from a local hospital . Justice Byron White was attacked in July 1982 while giving a speech in Utah . That incident led to regular protection by U.S. marshals for members of the court when they travel . The 73-year-old Breyer was nominated to the high court in 1994 , and is known as one of the most active and engaging members of the court . His wife is Dr. Joanna Breyer , a renowned pediatric psychologist . CNN 's Nigel Walwyn and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Police official calls incident "  crime of opportunity " Justice Breyer was at his vacation home on the Caribbean island of Nevis The machete-wielding intruder made off with $ 1,000 in cash No one was hurt in the incident
CNN  -- The death of movie star Paul Walker has both shocked and enthralled fans . Perhaps it is because of the irony of the buff actor coming to fame in the "  Fast & Furious " franchise to then lose his life in a car crash . Or maybe it is due to the fact that at the age of 40 , his death was so unexpected and means he will now forever be frozen in time in the minds of fans -- defined not only by his roles and his philanthropy , but also by the footage of a smoking wreck which trapped him and his friend Roger Rodas . ` Fast & Furious ' star Paul Walker killed in car crash Here are 5 things we know so far about the story : 1  Authorities are focusing on the car and how fast it was going The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office has said speed was a factor in the crash , which occurred after Walker hopped in Rodas ' 2005 Porsche Carrera GT for a ride , according to witnesses . The rare vehicle has three times the horsepower of an average car and is reportedly not easy to handle . Both Rodas and Walker were experienced drivers and had raced in competitions before . 2  Toxicology tests are not yet in According to an autopsy report from the Los Angles County coroner 's office , results of toxicology testing , which would show if drugs or alcohol played a role in the accident , wo n't be available for six to eight weeks . Both men 's deaths have been officially ruled an accident . 3  Production of ` Fast & Furious 7 ' is on hold "  At this time we feel it is our responsibility to shut down production on ` Fast & Furious 7 ' for a period of time so we can assess all options available to move forward with the franchise , " Universal Pictures said in a statement . Walker was on Thanksgiving break from filming the latest movie in the franchise in Atlanta at the time of the accident . A source close to the production told CNN that the studio is trying to figure out how to move ahead with a movie featuring fast cars and crashes , given that one of its stars was so tragically killed in an accident . Editors have been reviewing footage that had already been shot with Walker in an attempt to see if any of it would work with a rewritten script , the source said . Universal scrambles to save ` Fast & Furious 7 ' after Paul Walker 's death 4  The wreckage is of interest Jameson Witty , 18 , was arrested and accused of allegedly stealing a piece of the charred Porsche as it was being transported after the crash . Authorities arrested Witty in Tujunga , California , and said a red T-top roof panel was recovered from a residence in Canyon Country . The sheriff 's department said a 25-year-old man connected to the case had also been identified and was making arrangements to surrender himself . 5  Friends and family are grappling with the loss Those who knew and loved both Rodas , who was a married father of two , and Walker , who was raising his 15-year-old daughter Meadow as a single parent , have come to the crash scene to mourn as well as taken to social media to express their heartbreak . The Walker family posted the following statement on his official Facebook page : "  Paul Walker 's family appreciates the outpouring of love and goodwill from his many fans and friends . They have asked , in lieu of flowers or other gifts , that donations please be made to Paul 's charity Reach Out Worldwide  ROWW  . Donations can easily be made through their website at http://www.ROWW.org/ . "  It 's comforting for them to know that the son , brother , and father they love so much is equally adored , respected , and appreciated by so many . Paul founded the organization with the genuine desire to help others , and it 's important to his family to keep his memory alive through ROWW . " According to 2011 tax information from the organization , 35 % of the funds raised went to the charity 's programs . The rest of the funds are used for administrative and fundraising costs .	Fans are enthralled by the loss of Paul Walker Authorities are still investigating the crash that killed Walker and a friend Results from toxicology tests are weeks away
CNN  -- Silverstone , home of the British Grand Prix , has officially unveiled a new circuit that will host both Formula One and MotoGP this year . The new $ 7.5 million 5.9 km layout has come in the wake of Silverstone being handed the British Grand Prix for the next 10 years , after it looked certain the race would be moved to rival track Donington Park . The re-design , apart from increasing the length of the track , also sees famous sections of the old course -- Bridge and Priory -- removed altogether . New sections -- Farm Curve , Village corner , The Loop , Aintree corner and Wellington Straight -- have all been added and a new pit and paddock complex is currently in development . This is expected to be completed ahead of the 2011 British Grand Prix . Silverstone is owned by the British Racing Drivers ' Club and president Damon Hill , the 1996 world champion , admitted to reporters that there was a financial risk involved in spending so much money on the new circuit . "  It 's a necessary risk . The alternative was that the British Grand Prix would have gone off the calendar , " admitted Hill . "  There is a justification to demand first-class facilities if you have a first-class event like Formula One , and others like MotoGP , but it has to make financial sense . "  We are relying a little on this country 's tradition of producing world-class drivers who potentially drive people through the gate . "	The new Silverstone Formula One circuit has been officially unveiled The circuit will host the British Grand Prix as well as the British MotoGP Silverstone are to stage the British GP for the next 10 years after Donington withdrew
Two Iranian navy warships arrived Saturday morning in Port Sudan , in the second such visit to Sudan within two months , eyewitnesses and officials said . "  These visits by Iranian navy warships to Sudan come in the framework of routine exercises by navy forces of friendly nations , " Col. Khaled Saad al-Sawarmy , the official spokesman for the Sudanese armed forces , told CNN . "  They aim to accomplish political and diplomatic goals in addition to securing and policing the ports and waters . " The two ships are a destroyer and a helicopter carrier , Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA said . The commanders of the flotilla met with senior Sudanese naval commanders , the news agency said . Sudan 's Commander Abdullah Al-Matari called for enhanced military ties with Iran and said the establishment of marine security was a priority for both nations , IRNA said . The last such visit came at the end of October , when a pair of Iranian warships spent four days docked in Port Sudan , according to Sudanese state media . They arrived less than a week after a weapons factory in Khartoum was bombed , killing two people , in what Sudanese officials said was an airstrike by Israel , Iran 's foe . Israel declined to comment on the attack in the east African country .	Two Iranian warships dock in Port Sudan , officials and witnesses say The visit is part of routine exercises by friendly nations , says Sudanese military spokesman The Iranian officers met with top Sudanese navy commanders , Iranian state media say Another pair of Iranian warships called into Port Sudan less than six weeks ago
CNN  You can call him ... Joker . We 've seen a few teases so far , but on Friday night , director David Ayer gave us the first full look at Jared Leto as the Joker . The Clown Prince of Crime will appear in 2016 's "  Suicide Squad , " the first movie featuring the best-known comic book villain , where  as far as we know anyway  , there is no Batman present . The Oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role , and appears to have embraced it fully . He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since the late Heath Ledger . "  Suicide Squad " also stars Will Smith , Margot Robbie and a large cast of villains and anti-heroes . Warner Bros. . Pictures and DC Entertainment -- makers of "  Suicide Squad " -- are owned by Time Warner , as is CNN . The movie hits theaters August 5 , 2016 .	Jared Leto unveiled as the Joker for the first time on Twitter Leto stars in 2016 's "  Suicide Squad "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Three bombs Wednesday in Baghdad struck the convoy of the Polish ambassador to Iraq , wounding the diplomat and killing three others in the entourage , including one of his bodyguards , authorities said . Iraqi soldiers inspect the site of a Baghdad blast that injured the Polish ambassador Wednesday . In addition , the explosions killed two Iraqi civilians and wounded 11 others in the downtown Karrada neighborhood . The convoy 's three sport utility vehicles -- all bearing Polish flags -- were hit in the blasts , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . The ambassador , Gen. Edward Pietrzyk , was evacuated from the scene by a helicopter from Blackwater USA , the security firm that protects U.S. diplomats , a source told CNN . The deputy chief of the Polish mission said Pietrzyk was released Wednesday afternoon from a U.S. military hospital and was to be taken first to Ramstein Air Base in Germany and then to Poland for further treatment . Officials said the diplomat had a leg wound and suffered burns in the attack . Watch video from the scene of the attack " The deputy said the U.S. military was handling the investigation . He said he was initially told two or three car bombs were involved . "  The terrorists opened fire after the bombing and our guys returned fire , " he said . "  We expect the government of Iraq to find those responsible for this deliberate attack and punish them . " Iraqi officials said the strike targeted the convoy , but it was unclear if it was an assassination attempt on Pietrzyk . But the deputy chief of mission was unequivocal , saying , "  In my view it was a deliberate attack to kill . " The blasts were powerful : News footage showed the charred SUVs , a helicopter landing on a rubble-strewn street , heavily equipped soldiers escorting a bandaged man into the craft and a chopper flying away . After the blast , U.S. troops swiftly moved into the area and sealed it . The Americans assisted with evacuation and medical support , said Mirembe Nantongo , a U.S. Embassy spokeswoman in Iraq . Ryan C. Crocker , U.S. ambassador to Iraq , and Gen. David H. Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in the country , condemned the attack . "  Poland has been a strong and steadfast ally here and around the world , and we commend its commitment to a stable and secure Iraq , " they said in a joint statement . Poland has had a strong presence in the U.S.-led coalition , and its military commands the Multi-National Division-Central South region . Warsaw has a contingent of about 900 troops in the country , according to the Brookings Institution 's Iraq Index . Twenty-one Polish troops have died in the Iraq war . In 2004 , insurgents attacked the Polish Embassy in Baghdad , but no one was injured . Also Wednesday , Adm. Michael Mullen landed in Baghdad after taking office this week as chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , Pentagon officials said . Mullen will spend a week in Iraq and Afghanistan , officials said . Aides said the trip is aimed at giving Mullen an immediate assessment of the situation in both conflicts . In a message to U.S. troops after taking office Monday , he said , "  I know the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are taking a toll on you and your families . "  They are taking a toll on our equipment , our systems , and our ability to train as well . I worry , quite frankly , that they are taking a toll on our readiness for other threats in other places . " Later on Wednesday at least three civilians were killed and seven others were wounded when mortars slammed into two residential neighborhoods in central Samarra , north of Baghdad , police said . The mortars appear to have been targeting a nearby Iraqi army base , police said . In a separate incident , in the town of Ishaqi , 50 miles  80 kilometers  north of the capital , an Iraqi police officer was killed at noon Wednesday by unidentified gunmen as he was leaving the police station . Also , a car bomb explosion in an eastern Baghdad commercial district killed at least one Iraqi civilian and wounded four others Wednesday , an Interior Ministry official said . Meanwhile , a U.S. military commander in Iraq maintained Wednesday that a man arrested last month by American forces in the Iraqi Kurdish region is a key operative from the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ' Quds Force . Maj. Gen Kevin Bergner dismissed Iranian claims the man is a businessman . Bergner said Mahmoud Farhady , arrested September 20 in Sulaimaniya , has been in charge of the Zafar Command , one of three units of the Ramazan Corps of the Quds Force . The U.S. military has accused Quds Force agents of training and equipping Iraqi insurgents , an allegation Iran repeatedly has denied . In Washington , Iraq 's national security adviser met with top Bush administration officials on Tuesday and Wednesday , according to one of his aides . Mowaffak al-Rubaie conferred with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Tuesday and was to meet with Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday , the aide said . Al-Rubaie and Rice discussed the training of Iraqi security forces , the role of private security companies and the Iraqi neighbors conference to be held in November . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jennifer Deaton , Jomana Karadsheh and Suzanne Simons contributed to this report .	NEW : Polish diplomat released from hospital , will be treated further in Europe Blast injures the envoy , Gen. Edward Pietrzyk , and kills five Car bombs in Baghdad neighborhood strike Polish convoy New Joint Chiefs chairman begins weeklong visit to Iraq , Afghanistan
CNN  -- Most of us do n't know much about Kim Jong Il , the reclusive North Korean leader who died Saturday . But thanks to a cult-favorite blog , we do know this : That country 's "  Dear Leader " spent countless hours visiting stores , factories and plantations and gazing stoically from behind his trademark sunglasses upon various things -- soldiers , machinery , livestock and lots and lots of food . The Tumblr-hosted blog , "  Kim Jong Il Looking at Things , " gathers propaganda photos of the departed dictator from the state-run Korean Central News Agency and has built a steady following since it was launched in October 2010 . The founder of Tumblr , David Karp , even named it as one of his favorite sites . The blog is run by Jo # o Rocha , 26 , an art director for a Lisbon , Portugal design firm . Rocha said Monday he has about 375 unposted photos of Kim Jong Il in his archives and is leaning toward keeping the blog going . "  I do n't have a favorite but I like the ones where he 's smiling the best , " Rocha wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  There 's a certain humanity in them , I find . " In the first 12 hours or so after Kim 's death was announced , the blog has gotten more than 1.4 million page views , up from an average monthly total of about 500,000 , he said . Rocha has posted a poll on his site 's Facebook page , asking fans whether he should continue the blog . As of Monday afternoon he had received more than 3,300 "  yes " votes and fewer than 100 "  nos . " He said he got the idea for the blog last year after seeing a gallery of similar Kim Jong Il photos on the Boston Globe 's website . Rocha found the images "  just too surreal to be true " and "  thought it deserved a blog of its own . " With rule of North Korea expected to pass to Kim 's son , Kim Jong Un , a copycat blog has already appeared showing similar images of the younger Kim . But Rocha does n't seem to mind . "  That 's how the Internet works . Out with the old and in with the new , " he wrote . Rocha does n't think the new blog 's subject carries the same ironic weight , though . "  You need that absolute evil that Kim Jong Il personified so well to make it funny . Kim Jong Un lacks that . " Kim Jong Il 's bizarre life as pop-culture icon In the 14 months since he launched the blog , Rocha has posted hundreds of images of North Korea 's dictator , flanked by an ever-present entourage and peering at everything from bubble gum to sausage . But asked what , if anything , his blog has revealed about North Korea and he draws a blank . "  They have very clean factories is probably the only thing I can say . The rest remains a mystery . "	Creator of popular photo blog about Kim Jong Il says he will likely keep project going Blog shows late North Korean leader looking at equipment , food and other objects A copycat blog has already appeared showing similar images of Kim Jong Un
CNN  -- Demonstrators protested in Saudi Arabia 's Eastern Province on Friday to demand the release of Shiite prisoners they feel are being held unjustly . An outspoken Shiite prayer leader who demonstrators say was arrested last Friday was a focal point of the "  day of rage " protest , said Ibrahim al-Mugaiteeb , president of the Human Rights First Society . Sheikh Tawfeeq Al-Amer was arrested Friday after a sermon stating that Saudi Arabia should become a constitutional monarchy , al-Mugaiteeb said . Saudi Arabian authorities could not be immediately reached for comment . The protest comes on the heels of two similar demonstrations held in the province Thursday , al-Mugaiteeb said , when about 200 protesters in the city of Qatif and 100 protesters in the city of Awamiyya called for the release of Shiite prisoners . Al-Mugaiteeb said authorities arrested 22 people who participated in Thursday 's protest in Qatif . "  We deplore this action by the Saudi security forces , " he said . Another protest took place in Riyadh after Friday prayer , according to two Saudi activists . The sources asked not to be identified because of concerns for their safety . According to the activists , as many as 40 anti-government demonstrators gathered outside Al-Rajhi Mosque for a short protest . At least one man involved in organizing the protest was arrested by Saudi police , the activists said . The activists said the protesters attracted a crowd of worshipers leaving the mosque . Some of the protesters carried signs showing a map of Saudi Arabia that did not contain the words "  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , " a clear affront to the Saudi royal family . Saudi Arabia has cracked down on protests in the past . Shiites are a minority in Saudi Arabia . They live primarily in the Eastern Province -- where many major oil companies operate . The protests come as sectarian violence between Shiites and Sunnis flares in neighboring Bahrain . Analysts believe protests in Bahrain could spill over into Saudi Arabia 's oil fields , located mostly in Shiite provinces . After three months abroad for medical treatment , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah returned home late last month to a Middle East shaken by unrest , and announced a series of sweeping measures aimed at relieving economic hardship and meeting with Bahrain 's beleaguered monarch . The Saudi government released three Shiite political prisoners ahead of the king 's return .	The focus of Friday 's protest is a Shiite prayer leader arrested last week Hundreds of protesters Thursday also called for the release of Shiite prisoners Shiites are a minority in Saudi Arabia Analysts believe protests in Bahrain could spill over into Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Formula One legend Michael Schumacher has admitted his relief after visiting stricken Ferrari driver Felipe Massa in hospital . Michael Schumacher will make a dramatic return to Formula One as a replacement for Felipe Massa . The seven-time world champion has agreed to come out of retirement to replace Massa in the short term following the Brazilian 's freak accident in Hungary which left him fighting for his life . The 40-year-old had not previously had the time to visit Massa , last year 's world championship runner-up , as he has been undergoing medical tests and getting up to speed for his eagerly-anticipated racing return by practicing in a 2007 Ferrari . He told his personal Web site that he felt better after actually seeing Massa -- who is managed by Nicolas Todt , son of former Ferrari team boss Jean -- at Budapest 's AEK hospital . "  Good that I finally made it to see Felipe , I feel better now . Even if I was in close contact with him via Nicolas and Jean and informed about everything , it still is better to see it with your own eyes , " Schumacher said on Saturday . "  I am surprised at his extreme positive condition , as the accident was only one week ago . We sat together for around three hours and were chatting with each other . I really feel relieved now . " Felipe Massa 's crash in pictures . " Schumacher said that he was tired and sore after Friday 's sessions in the old Ferrari -- he is not allowed to drive a current model due to the testing ban this season . "  I have to say that today I feel muscles I was not even aware anymore that they exist , " he said . "  But then it was clear that you can not test for a day after such a lot of time without feeling anything , and I am curious to see what will happen in the coming days . " Massa is expected to return home on Monday , just nine days after fracturing his skull in a freak accident during qualifying at the Hungarian Grand Prix . He is continuing to make a good recovery after having emergency surgery for life-threatening injuries he sustained after being struck full on the helmet by a suspension spring that had fallen off the Brawn of fellow Brazilian Rubens Barrichello . He was knocked unconscious and his car hurtled into a tire barrier at 200kph in the final qualifying for Sunday 's race which was won by Lewis Hamilton , who pipped Massa to the world title last season . Operated on at the AEK military hospital in Budapest , Massa spent two days in a medically-induced coma , but since coming around has improved rapidly . His personal doctor , Dino Altmann , told reporters Friday that Massa had made rapid strides . "  He is doing very well , and we have already decided to go back home on Monday to Sao Paulo . " Altmann said he would complete his recuperation at home rather than returning to Europe . "  He is to continue his recovery and return to racing as soon as possible , that 's the plan , " added Altmann . Early fears that Massa may have lost some sight in his left eye as a result of the accident appear to have receded , but he will be replaced at the European Grand Prix in Valencia in three weeks ' time by Schumacher .	NEW : Michael Schumacher is relieved after visiting Felipe Massa in hospital Formula One legend will replace Massa for European Grand Prix in Valencia Massa suffered fractured skull in high-speed crash at Hungarian G.P. Massa expected to go home to Brazil on Monday says his personal doctor
Washington  CNN  -- If you live in a battleground state , chances are you 've seen your share of political ads this election season . They come on during prime-time network TV , pop up while you 're cheering on the Buckeyes or the Broncos and they even get you when you 're cruising to your favorite station on the way to work . The reason for such a concentrated air war is that voters in swing states like Colorado and Ohio could decide the election . "  A swing state is somewhere where there are persuadable voters , " said Democratic Strategist and partner at Blue Engine Message & Media , David Di Martino . The ads air in those states because , Di Martino says , "  It 's important to battle on the playing field that -LSB- those voters -RSB- are in . " And that 's why in swing states , voters can say they 've noticed an increase in the ads . New Romney ads target voters ' emotions "  The frequency -LSB- of ads -RSB- is mind bending , " said Bill Stakelin , 69 , a retired radio broadcast executive who lives in Cincinnati . " -LSB- There are -RSB- a lot -LSB- of ads -RSB- - pretty much every other commercial it seems like , " said Erin Mahoney , 32 , a Business Manager at Medical Marijuana Center in Frisco , Colorado . Do n't look for the number of commercials to let up anytime soon . There are different schools of thought on why and how often to show commercials , but they both agree that frequency works . "  The working principal is that every time that an ad runs , voters are seeing it for the first time , " said Keith Appell , a Republican strategist and senior vice president at CRC Public Relations . "  There is a second working principal that voters need to see it three , four , five times for it to resonate . " Obama ad argues economic progress under his tenure But still , voters in these states say it 's the tone and content -- or lack thereof -- of ads that bothers them , not their frequency . In Iowa for instance , medical student Katie Ryken , 23 , says that voters in the state -- which serves as the first caucus in the primary system -- take pride in their important political position in the country and they are used to not only the attention , but the "  barrage " of ads that stream across TV screens from Des Moines to Iowa City . "  We take it very seriously , " Ryken said . "  But I think that I have noticed and what I think what bothers people is the overall negativity of the ads . " "  What 's frustrating to me I think that our general population is intelligent enough to absorb real issues , " Ryken continued , "  and I think that it 's disappointing that candidates have to go to attack ads . " Mahoney said the commercials she sees when she is n't fast forwarding through them using her DVR are bothersome for the same reason . "  They really just kind of frustrate me because they say the same thing on both sides , Mahoney said . "  One is that Obama has n't created jobs , the other is that Romney is shipping jobs overseas ... it 's more school yard jabs -LSB- than substantive arguments -RSB- . " Romney ads focus back on economy Stakelin said that both candidates have a similar message : "  What -LSB- the other candidate -RSB- is going to do negative to you is to destroy you , your children and your country . " That voters are seeing largely negative ads is true -- and largely on purpose . A CNN analysis of data from the Campaign Media Analysis Center , a non-partisan company that measures the content of political ads , shows that the majority of campaign ads shown across the country and in battleground state are negative . Why ? Because , political strategists from both parties say that negative ads work . Crossroads ' six ads hit Obama , other Democratic candidates "  Every election you hear that there are too many negative ads , " said Appell , "  And in every election they work . That 's why in every election you see negative ads . " Di Martino says they work because voters remember the content of negative ads more than they remember the content of positive ads . But he also says that outside spending has caused the number of negative ads to increase in recent history . "  I think the fundamental thing that has changed in the last five to ten years is that more and more ads are not being sponsored by the campaigns ... which are on the ballot , " said Di Martino . The influx of spending by groups not associated with the campaigns , he says , "  has made the tone of modern campaigns far more negative than they used to be . " As a consumer and also as a retired broadcaster , Stakelin does n't think that the ads he 's seen in this election will prove effective . "  I think that if you 're a student of the ad game and politics , " said Stakelin "  we 're going to be able to look at this election and see what was effective -LSB- with campaign ads -RSB- ... That effectiveness is just not there . " Advertising is done , Stakelin says , to plant a seed and get a reaction . But the negativity in the ads from both sides , "  become a turnoff and they basically balance themselves out . " The bottom line from political strategists , Appell says is "  if they were n't effective , campaigns would n't run them . "	For swing state voters , it 's the tone not the number of ads that have them frustrated The negativity of the ads and their "  school yard jabs , " are what bother battleground state voters The influx of outside spending , a Democratic political strategist says , contributes to the negative messaging But political strategists say that negative ads work , that 's why they continue to air
RollingStone.com  -- This comedy about a death is a funeral for the audience . But hey , here 's your chance to sit shiva with an all-star cast , led by Jason Bateman , Tina Fey , Jane Fonda , Adam Driver and Corey Stoll , who are all led astray by a smarmy script and sitcom-y direction by Shawn Levy  "  The Internship , " ugh  . Rolling Stone : Aubrey Plaza to voice Grumpy Cat this Christmas "  This Is Where I Leave You " was a 2009 bestseller by Jonathan Tropper , who 'd be right to sue if he had n't written the dumb script himself . From the minute Mom  Fonda  brings the whole mishpocha home to Westchester to honor dear , dead , atheist Dad , the movie embalms every clich  of Jewish-family dysfunction . Bateman and Fey rise above the material . The others , notably Fonda doing jokes at her own expense , are n't so lucky . Even if you choke out a laugh -- it 's hard not to smile around Adam Driver -- you 'll hate yourself for it . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Comedy "  This Is Where I Leave You " misses the mark The script is smarmy and filled with clich  s Jason Bateman and Tina Fey rise above the material , but not the rest of the cast
January 8 , 2015 Today is a day of national mourning in France . Our show begins a report on a terrorist attack at a satire magazine , and we show how thousands of people took a stand afterward in support of democracy and free press . Also covered : a Revolutionary War hero 's time capsule is unearthed in Boston , and cutting-edge technology is introduced in Las Vegas . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- No group has stepped forward so far to claim responsibility for a massive car bombing in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi that killed at least 45 people over the weekend in what appeared to be the latest attack on the Shiite minority in the country . The blast Sunday tore into nearby buildings , wounding about 150 people , and authorities warned that the death toll could rise as rescue workers continued to search for bodies amid the rubble . Caused by a vehicle loaded with about 150 kilograms  330 lbs  of explosives set to a timer , the explosion took place in Abbas Town , an area of Karachi where many Shiite Muslims live , police said . In recent months , a number of large-scale bomb attacks have targeted Shiites , who are overwhelmingly outnumbered by Sunni Muslims in Pakistan . A huge bombing last month in a Shiite neighborhood in the city of Quetta killed about 90 people and fueled outrage about authorities ' failure to stem the attacks , many of which were claimed by the Sunni militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi . Pakistani security forces responded by carrying out raids in the area in which four militants were killed and others arrested . But Sunday 's attack in Karachi suggested they had n't done enough to dissuade further attacks . Amnesty International says it has documented 92 separate attacks on Shiites across Pakistan since January 2012 that have resulted in the deaths of more than 500 people . It has criticized what it says is the lack of prosecutions of those responsible for the violence . Pakistan 's Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf and President Asif Ali Zardari both condemned the bombing Sunday . Although many of the recent attacks against Shiites in Pakistan have focused on the Hazara ethnic group in Quetta , sectarian violence has struck Karachi previously . In February 2010 , for instance , at least 18 people died in blasts that took place near a bus full of Shiite religious observers and in front of a hospital in the city . And in late 2009 , a suicide bomb attack on a Shiite procession moving through Karachi killed at least 40 people . CNN 's Nasir Habib reported from Islamabad and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong	The blast apparently targeted Shiites in Karachi , police say Authorities say the toll could rise as rescue workers search the rubble Shiites have been the victims of dozens of sectarian attacks in the past year
Parenting.com  -- Timber Branagan preferred the orange light . No wait , the green light . Oh , and the red too . "  I loved all of them ! " the 6-year-old says enthusiastically . Choosing a custom color for her hospital room was one of Timber 's favorite perks at Nemours Children 's Hospital , the new 60-acre health campus outside Orlando . Her mom , Andrea , adds that her daughter preferred the purple light at night . Timber also made full use of the 10,000-square-foot garden terrace on the fourth floor . She was admitted with a mystery illness , having suffered through six weeks of debilitating headaches that left her sleeping 18 hours a day . By day three of her six-day stay at Nemours , the physicians had it figured out : encephalitis , or swelling of the brain . By day four , she was racing her older brother around the terrace 's 40-year-old , 6,000-pound live oak . Parenting.com : 8 times you should absolutely call your doctor Set amidst a wooded expanse of central Florida , with theme park roller coasters peppering the horizon , Nemours Children 's Hospital is arguably the new high water mark for pediatric care in the United States . It 's a hospital that believes nature -- and its healing properties -- is as valuable as any IV or pill . "  Hospital in a garden " is how chief medical officer Dr. Lane Donnelly describes Nemours , which opened October 22 , 2012 . It 's a concept underscored by the many nature-centric touches . The floor-to-above-ceiling windows flood the rooms and public spaces with natural light , not dull fluorescence . The two rooftop terraces feature obstacle courses and walking paths . The one-acre discovery garden is built around the senses : Fragrant flowers bloom in the section dedicated to smell ; a few steps away , the ears are engaged by xylophone benches and percussive art . It 's all part of a budding trend in medical care , one that believes nature can speed up the healing process , particularly with children , where the stress of hospital stays can be much greater .  Nemours eliminates stress wherever it can . Donnelly points out that the hospital room ceilings are matte , not metallic or glossy like most medical facilities . "  When the children are in bed , they do n't like to look at themselves attached to tubes and machines , " he notes . Parenting.com : 15 kid and toddler superfoods This "  it 's what 's outside that counts " philosophy first gained attention in 1984 with Robert Ulrich 's pioneering "  window view " study . Surgery patients at a Pennsylvania hospital were assigned to two types of rooms : One had a window facing a brick wall ; the other faced a tree-filled landscape . The study found that the patients with the verdant view healed a day faster , needed less pain medication , and had fewer postsurgical complications . More recently , a 2005 study conducted at a Pittsburgh hospital focused on the effect sunlight has on patients recovering from surgery . Those who had bright , naturally lit rooms experienced less stress , less pain , and required less medication than those in dimly lit rooms . Nemours is n't the only new children 's hospital prescribing sunshine and serenity . The Ann and Robert Lurie Children 's Hospital of Chicago recently launched a study to understand the effect healing spaces have on kids . The study 's laboratory is the hospital 's own Crown Sky Garden , a 5,000-square-foot respite 11 floors above Chicago Avenue . It 's a soaring greenhouse flanked by skyscrapers , and outfitted with bamboo trees , carved wooden benches and an interactive light wall . Parenting.com : Must know winter safety tips "  The day after Lurie Children 's opened , I visited the Crown Sky Garden at about 7 o'clock in the evening , " says Bruce Komiske , chief of new hospital design and construction . "  I saw a family seated on the wooden benches near the windows -- a patient , a mother , and a father huddled around a jigsaw puzzle and their dinner . It looked just like a beautiful family setting in a park . " But healing spaces are not standard issue at modern hospitals . In fact , some are in danger of being eliminated . Earlier this year , a movement began to save the beloved Prouty Garden at Boston Children 's Hospital , which may become a casualty of the facility 's expansion . A petition was created on Change.org ; there are currently more than 4,200 signatures . "  The relief it gives to our long-term patients is a godsend , " writes one supporter , a 22-year volunteer at the hospital . "  I have witnessed the comfort and solace it has given so many families . " "  All the amenities at Nemours are as much for the parents as they are the children , " says Donnelly as a yellow tang fish swims past his head . The saltwater tank on the ground floor is provided and maintained by SeaWorld .  Being near Orlando has its perks . Last week , the young patients staying at Nemours woke up to a curious sight : Elves dangling outside their windows . The window washing crew donned pointed hats , green tunics , and red and green argyle socks as they worked their squeegees . Sure , they brought a dose of holiday cheer , but more importantly , they 're making sure the sun gets in . Parenting.com : Take a photo tour of the hospital Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Nemours Children 's Hospital believes nature is as valuable as any IV or pill Studies have shown natural light and better views improve patient recovery Healing places at some hospitals are in danger of being eliminated due to budget cuts
CNN  The caller sounds extremely worried . He tells a 911 dispatcher that he hit someone with his car . "  We need an ambulance right now , " the caller tells the California Highway Patrol . Police have said singer-songwriter David Crosby hit a jogger with his car Sunday evening in Santa Ynez , California , near where the Hall of Fame musician lives . On Tuesday the highway patrol released two 911 calls from the incident in which the frantic caller pleads for medical help for the man . The operator tells him the highway patrol is on the way . He asks the caller if the person is walking . The caller says he did n't see the man because of the setting sun and again worries about medical assistance . "  I need an ambulance , man . Ambulance . Fast , " the man tells 911 . They 're on the way , he 's told as the call disconnects . Later , Crosby calls back , worried that the ambulance was not there yet . "  We need the ambulance now . This guy is hurt , " the caller says . Another 911 dispatcher tells him the ambulance is already en route and transfers him to a medical services dispatcher . Crosby was driving at approximately 50 mph when he struck the jogger , California Highway Patrol Spokesman Don Clotworthy said Monday . The posted speed limit was 55 . The jogger , identified as Jose LuQuin Jimenez , was in fair condition Tuesday , a spokesman for Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital said . The man suffered multiple fractures , Clotworthy said earlier . "  Mr. Crosby was cooperative with authorities and he was not impaired or intoxicated in any way , " said Clotworthy . According to the spokesman , the jogger and Crosby were on the same side of the road . Pedestrians are supposed to be on the left side of the road walking toward traffic , Clotworthy said . Joggers are considered pedestrians . Crosby is known for weaving multilayered harmonies over sweet melodies . He is part of the celebrated rock group Crosby , Stills & Nash , and was also a member of the Byrds . "  David Crosby is obviously very upset that he accidentally hit anyone . And , based off of initial reports , he is relieved that the injuries to the gentleman were not life threatening , " said Michael Jensen , a Crosby spokesman . "  He wishes the jogger a very speedy recovery . " CNN 's Dana Ford , Tony Marco and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Caller pleads for medical help for the man he hit with his car Accident happens in Santa Ynez , California , near where David Crosby lives The jogger suffered multiple fractures ; his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening
CNN  -- Champions League holders Barcelona survived a scare in Germany on Tuesday evening as Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's second-half equalizer earned them a 1-1 last 16 first leg draw against Stuttgart . The Catalan giants failed to produce the free-flowing football that has become their trademark under coach Pep Guardiola and they fell behind in the 25th minute . Stuttgart had warmed up for the match by hitting five goals past Cologne at the weekend , with striker Cacau helping himself to four of them . And the Brazilian-born forward maintained that form by opening the scoring here , powerfully heading home Timo Gebhart 's cross . The home side had chances to double their lead before the break , with only goalkeeper Victor Valdes depriving Cacau of a second -- although Lionel Messi did strike the post with a long-range effort for the visitors . However , Barca regrouped after the break and levelled just seven minutes into the second period , when Swedish striker Ibrahimovic was on hand to finish from Gerard Pique 's nod down . The result means Barcelona will be strong favorites to reach the quarterfinals when the teams meet again at the Nou Camp in a fortnight 's time . Meanwhile , in the night 's other match , Bordeaux look well set to reach the quarterfinals after a narrow 1-0 victory against Olympiacos in Athens . Laurent Blanc 's side are unbeaten in the competition this season and look genuine contenders to win the trophy after Michael Ciani nodded home Yoann 's Gourcouff 's free-kick from close range on the stroke of half time . In the only Europa League match played in Tuesday , Portuguese giants Benfica cruised into the last 16 after thrashing Hertha Berlin 4-0 for a 5-1 aggregate victory . Two goals from oscar Cardozo and one apiece from Pablo Aimar and Javi Garcia ensured Benfica 's smooth progress , where they will now face either Marseille or FC Copenhagen .	Barcelona fight back to earn a 1-1 Champions League draw in Stuttgart Zlatan Ibrahimovic levels for the holders after Cacau put the Bundesliga side ahead Bordeaux secure a narrow 1-0 win in Athens against Olympiacos in the other last 16 match
CNN  -- A flurry of last-minute legal maneuvers Tuesday spared , for now , the life of John Ferguson , a Florida death row inmate who suffers from mental illness and at one point called himself the ` prince of God . ' Ferguson , a diagnosed schizophrenic convicted of killing eight people , was scheduled to get the lethal injection Tuesday at 6 p.m. ET at a Florida State Prison . But an appeals court in Atlanta granted an emergency stay of execution Tuesday night . Florida officials then asked the Supreme Court to allow the lethal injection to proceed . Just before midnight the high court denied Florida 's request , keeping in place the stay of execution , according to court documents . Some had questioned why authorities would kill a man who suffered from mental illness . Laurel Bellows , the president of the American Bar Association , released a statement earlier Tuesday saying she was concerned about how thoroughly Ferguson 's competency was evaluated . "  The American Bar Association is alarmed that Florida is poised to execute John Ferguson , a man diagnosed as severely mentally ill for more than 40 years , before the constitutionality of his execution is fully evaluated . " Chris Handman , one of Ferguson 's attorneys , told CNN . "  We think the court should intervene to stop that execution from going forward . " Handman said a court had earlier found that Ferguson was mentally ill and had delusions that caused him to think he is the "  Prince of God . " Ferguson is on death row for the murders of eight people in Hialeah and Carol City , Florida , in the late 1970s . Lawyers from both sides will now be allowed to file motions on the case and it was unclear when a hearing would be scheduled to decide Ferguson 's fate . As the legal wrangling went on Tuesday , Florida prison officials poceeded as if the execution was going to take place , putting Ferguson in isolation and giving him his last meal . The convicted killer , prison officials said , ate a "  last meal " of a country-fried chicken sandwich and sweet tea . CNN 's Bill Mears , Nick Valencia , Joe Sutton and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	The Supreme Court upheld a stay of execution just before midnight Ferguson , a diagnosed schizophrenic , was convicted of killing eight people Despite the legal wrangling prison officials still fed Ferguson his last meal
Atlanta  CNN  Nearly 30 years after the first U.S. stealth bomber took flight , the Air Force 's aging fleet is primed for a makeover ; albeit an expensive one . The Pentagon is looking to upgrade its stealth aircraft for the first time since the 1970s , developing a high-priority , super-classified , next-generation bomber . The Air Force plans to award a contract to build and develop the Long Range Strike Bomber to one of the industry 's most powerful firms later this year and hopes to integrate them into the fleet by the mid-2020s . Competing for the prize are Northrop Grumman , the developer of the Air Force 's current bomber , the B-2 , and a partnership between aeronautic juggernauts Boeing and Lockheed Martin . Before the House Armed Services Committee earlier this month , William LaPlante , assistant secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition , suggested the Air Force will offer a "  cost-plus " contract to the winning firm , meaning the government will take on the risk of any cost overrun . "  My belief on the LRS-B  Long Range Strike Bomber  is it 's going to be more traditional in the sense that we are doing a little bit more cutting edge " development , LaPlante said . The Air Force has said it plans to leverage existing technologies to help keep the LRS-B affordable . However The Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , an independent , nonpartisan research group , warns "  near-sighted , build-for-today acquisition strategies may render the issue of ` affordability ' moot , as affordability must also be assessed in the context of a capability 's mission effectiveness over its projected lifespan . " Along with the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and the KC-46 tanker , the LRS-B is one of the Air Force 's top modernization priorities , and some experts say its development will go far beyond simply upgrading an aging bomber fleet . Retired Air Force Lt. Gen. David Deptula told CNN this week that it is inaccurate to label the LRS-B as simply a "  bomber " and that officials need to shed the "  old think " way of categorizing airplanes into different mission areas . The new "  Long Range Sensor Shooter , " as Deptula calls it , will have the ability to create a self-forming , self-healing "  combat cloud " capable of sharing information with other aircraft and conducting a diverse array of operation types . Pentagon officials have stressed the importance of developing the new long-range strike bomber calling it critical to national security and nuclear deterrence . It is "  absolutely essential for keeping our deterrent edge , " former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said in January . "  We need to do it . We need to make the investments . We 'll have it in the budget . " Deptula said the No. 1 reason to upgrade the long-range sensor force is to counter the constantly evolving threats around the world . "  The Chinese , Iranians and Russians ... have built advanced anti-air systems and long-range fighters , to attack our bases and aircraft carriers , " he said . Adm. William Gortney , commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command , expressed similar security concerns to the Senate Armed Services Committee , Thursday , telling lawmakers Russia is continuing to work on its program to deploy "  long-range conventionally armed cruise missiles , " that can be launched from its bomber aircraft , submarines and warships . Officials have been tight-lipped as to the specific capability expectations for the LRS-B , but indications are that it will be stealth , able to carry conventional and nuclear weapons and could possibly operate both with or without a pilot . Northrop Grumman teased an initial structural design for the aircraft in an ad during the Super Bowl , stopping short of highlighting specific features . Tim Paynter , a company spokesman , said the aircraft shown on TV is "  representative of any future aircraft our customers may ask us to build . " Generally speaking , Deptula said the LRS-B must have long-range capabilities , be able to carry a large payload , have high survivability and have sufficient adaptability to incorporate evolving sensor and weapon technology . Long-range capability provides the Air Force with the flexibility to persistently respond to threats around the world and reach deep into enemy territory to hit fixed and mobile targets unreachable by cruise missiles , Deptula said . Large payload capability allows for operations with fewer aircraft and increases loiter capability and efficiency , he said . Modernized stealth tactics and upgraded electronic warfare capabilities would allow the aircraft to enter enemy airspace without suffering prohibitive losses . The mysterious Long Range Strike Bomber program is the most expensive weapons system under the Air Force 's $ 17 billion research , development , test and evaluation funding request for 2016 . The Air Force requested $ 1.2 billion for the program under the President Obama 's $ 534 billion proposed 2016 Pentagon budget . Since 2011 , the Pentagon has said the LRS-B bomber will cost close to $ 550 million per airplane , projecting a $ 55 billion price total for 100 planes . Critics insist the actual cost of the LRS-B will exceed the initial $ 500 million estimate ; yet Pentagon officials continue to publicly tout the cost figure . "  It 's like $ 550 million per copy , " Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , said this January . "  It 's an estimate based upon multiple reviews of the program and not a single source . " LaPlante acknowledged the target cost of the LRS-B has increased due to inflation since the initial estimate was made in 2010 , saying "  $ 55 in 2010 is $ 57 or $ 58 today . We know that . But we put it in as a requirement -- to build 100 airplanes , it 's going to cost $ 550 million  each  . What that does is , that drives the design . Industry has to design to that number and we 're going to assess against that number . " Regardless of the exact cost , Deptula said price should not be quantified per individual aircraft , but rather within the context of what the LRS-B system will be able to accomplish compared to the cost of carrying out operations with less-advanced , shorter-range aircraft . "  How can we not afford it ? " he said , warning a failure to incorporate a combat cloud system could actually exacerbate budget demands . The Pentagon 's Future Years Defense Program projects the LRS-B 's budget will increase to $ 3.7 billion for research , development , test and evaluation in 2020 , bringing the total development cost to roughly $ 24 billion , according to the CSBA . If Air Force buys 100 planes by the mid-2030s , the research group estimates the program 's total cost will be closer to $ 90 billion . The Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments said intentionally planning to enhance an aircraft 's capabilities over time could also reduce the up-front sticker shock of the LRS-B . "  Instead of buying them with all desired mission functionalities when they first roll off the assembly line , it may be possible to equip new combat aircraft with the most essential systems and plan future block upgrades to keep pace with emerging technologies and threats as funding permits , " the group said in a 2014 report .	Pentagon to upgrade its stealth aircraft for first time since 1970s , developing a classified , next-generation bomber Air Force plans to award contract to build Long Range Strike Bomber later this year Air Force suggested it will offer a "  cost-plus " contract , meaning government takes on risk of any cost overrun Indications are that new bomber will carry conventional and nuclear weapons and could possibly operate with or without a pilot
CNN  -- The District of Columbia 's City Council tentatively approved legislation Tuesday that would decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana in the nation 's capital . It 's about time . Currently , someone caught possessing marijuana in D.C. faces a year in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . That would change if the measure becomes law , making it OK to possess small amounts of pot in the District and reducing the punishment for use in public . Approved 11-1 this week , the bill will get another vote and then would need the signature of Democratic Mayor Vincent Gray . But activists here think the Council is moving too slowly . They 've filed language for a ballot initiative legalizing possession of 2 ounces of marijuana for adults . If the Council does n't expand the scope of the reform in the current legislation to their satisfaction , activists will put the question to the voters in November . It 's a near certainty the legalization measure will pass if it reaches the ballot . So why should the rest of the country care what happens with D.C. 's marijuana laws ? The last time the District adopted a law that ran contrary to the federal government 's absolute marijuana prohibition  a medical marijuana law in 1998  , Republican leaders in Congress responded by blocking it . They heartlessly denied seriously ill people with cancer and AIDS the opportunity to use or access medical marijuana for over a decade . In 2009 , I worked with the original author of the law banning implementation , former Republican Georgia Rep. Bob Barr , and together we lobbied his former colleagues to undo the damage he had done . That fall , Congress removed the ban on the District 's medical marijuana law , and the city government slowly made conforming regulations and brought the program online . Socially conservative Republicans , often enabled by Democrats too afraid to speak their real opinions about marijuana laws , generally serve as a good indicator of the expected national response to evolving drug policies . Times sure have changed . Instead of moving to block final implementation of D.C. 's medical marijuana law last year , opponents in Congress were silent . The first legal sale of marijuana to an HIV-positive man in June occurred without warnings that the sky would fall as a result . Six months later in Colorado , the first legal sales to adults started and , again , no claims that the planet will spin off its axis . Up in smoke : The Obama administration 's pot politics problem In fact , if you peeked into a hearing on Capitol Hill on Tuesday called by Republican leadership to address the administration 's "  mixed messages " on marijuana policy , you would have found the most productive debate on marijuana policy that I 've seen in more than a decade of working on this issue . Michael Botticelli , the deputy director of the White House 's drug control office , even acknowledged under oath that he was not aware of a single overdose death from marijuana -- ever . The senior Republican who called the hearing , Rep. John Mica , was cordial to his Democratic colleagues , one of whom alluded to Grover Norquist 's support for allowing states to decide their own policies and call for fair treatment of businesses involved in the legal marijuana trade . Now the attacks are coming from outside the government . Some cynical drug warriors who have now left government service have figured out an effective , albeit untruthful and sensationalist , tactic to fight marijuana reform : comparing the legitimate marijuana business community to Big Tobacco , which notoriously and villainously lied to the American public for decades . They are led by former Rep. Patrick Kennedy , D-Rhode Island , who attacked President Barack Obama 's recent comments about marijuana , even questioning the president 's comments about disparate enforcement of marijuana laws on people of color . That a former congressman , part of an American political dynasty who has enjoyed incredible wealth and privilege his entire life -- who got a ride home from the police in D.C. after crashing his car into a police barricade after taking medication , instead of getting shot or imprisoned -- would lecture the President on the nature of disparate racial enforcement around drug laws is outrageously ironic . Regulating and taxing the sale of marijuana requires that someone grow , process and sell it . Voters in Colorado and Washington clearly said they would rather see upstanding business owners -- not cartels -- running those businesses . Kennedy and his ilk misunderstand the role of entrepreneurs , like the ones I work with , who are active in marijuana dispensaries and ancillary businesses . Big Marijuana ? The overwhelming majority of most clients are small businesses or individual consumers . Does that sound like an evil shady Big Tobacco-type corporation that Kennedy warns of ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Houston .	City Council voted to decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana Aaron Houston says it 's about time the city took that step D.C. 's move is part of a nationwide trend to make marijuana legal , he says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- July 1 , 2014 , the 17th anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to Chinese rule , is set to be a hot , possibly stormy day . But the suffocating weather wo n't stop pro-democracy Hong Kongers -- possibly hundreds of thousands of them -- from filling the streets , beginning at 3 p.m today . Activists are openly challenging China 's vision for the city 's political future , and they believe the public is on their side . In a recent unofficial referendum organized by pro-democracy activist group Occupy Central with Love and Peace  OCLP  , 787,767 Hong Kongers voted in support of free elections for the city 's next leader . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's ` referendum ' -- What you should know The almost-800 ,000 figure represents about 22 % of registered voters in Hong Kong , out of a total of 3.5 million registered voters , according to government figures . Before the vote began ten days ago , organizers were hoping around 100,000 people would participate . Benny Tai , a co-organiser of OCLP , said Hong Kongers were "  using this opportunity to at least show Beijing how determined we are for universal suffrage . " Hong Kong 's former second-highest-ranked official , Anson Chan , echoed the sentiment in an interview with CNN on Monday . "  Whatever Beijing says in public now I think it can hardly afford to ignore the voices of 780,000 people . " But the Chinese government 's reaction was decidedly more frosty , with the government declaring the poll "  illegal " and its results "  invalid " even before the ballots were counted . Rimsky Yuen , Hong Kong 's Secretary for Justice , has previously said there is no legal basis for the vote . Yuen , as well a number of other , pro-establishment voices , declined to speak to CNN . A recent Chinese state media editorial said the poll was a "  farce . " Searches for the referendum have also been heavily censored on the Chinese internet . Showdown over democracy The city 's pro-democracy camp wants fully democratic elections for the city 's next leader , while China insists it will only allow elections in which it gets to approve the nominees . Specifically , Beijing says it will only allow candidates who "  love China . " The Occupy Central referendum outlined three plans to reform the upcoming election . All three plans proposed that candidates be nominated publicly , regardless of whether the candidates have Beijing 's blessing . 42 % of participants picked a proposal by the Alliance for True Democracy , which said candidates for Hong Kong 's chief executive should be nominated by the public , and conditions such as requiring candidates to "  love China " should not be allowed . Another question asked if Hong Kong 's legislature should veto any nomination process that did not meet "  international standards . " This was overwhelmingly approved in the referendum . The high numbers are a sign that Hong Kongers are not about to back down , said Tai . "  We have an offer and we have a baseline , and this is the thing we will give to the  Hong Kong government  , " he told CNN . "  I think a responsible government must respond to that . I can not see any reason for refusing to meet with us . " But if negotiations fail , and no progress is made through legal means , then the group is prepared to disrupt the city to make their statement heard . As a final strategy , Tai says his group may marshal 10,000 people to sit and peacefully block traffic in downtown Hong Kong as a way to pressure Beijing into allowing Hong Kong to exercise "  genuine universal suffrage . " "  We will only resort to the civil disobedience action as our last resort , " said Tai . "  Only after exhausting all the legal means and still fail to achieve our goals will we resort to civil disobedience . " Grassroots support The city is politicized like at no other time in its recent past . While the July 1st anniversary of the handover has always brought demonstrators out onto Hong Kong 's hot , crowded streets , often numbering over 100,000 , this year protests are expected to be super-sized . Many Hong Kongers are enraged after the recent publication of a white paper by the Chinese government which declares Beijing 's "  comprehensive jurisdiction " over Hong Kong . READ MORE : Alarm in Hong Kong at Chinese white paper affirming Beijing control Chan said the white paper violates the "  one country , two systems " principle enshrined in Hong Kong 's constitutional Basic Law , which lets the city maintain high autonomy despite being a part of China . The white paper "  makes it quite clear that whatever autonomy we enjoy is for the central government to give and to take away at its pleasure , " she said . "  I think this has caused real concern . " The inflammatory document came days after 100,000 people showed up to an annual candlelit vigil for the victims of the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown . "  The white paper  has spectacularly backfired , it 's made people even more angry , " Chan said . What 's next ? The situation in Hong Kong is volatile . Some activists fear a crackdown on freedoms by the Chinese central government , and others look nervously to the possibility of unrest at tomorrow 's mass protest . Michael DeGolyer , Director of the Hong Kong Transition Project , an independent organization that monitors governance in the territory , said the future is incredibly difficult to assess because no one is totally sure what China 's officials are thinking . "  We 're in a situation where we have a new regime in power and much more volatile circumstances , and we have groups that are much more separatist , challenging the legitimacy of the central government altogether , " he said . "  In these circumstances , it is extremely difficult to tell what the central government intends and what they 're thinking and how they 'll react . " But despite the uncertainty , Hong Kong 's democracy supporters remain hopeful . "  I do not think Beijing has made up its mind on universal suffrage , so let 's see what happens in the months ahead , " said Chan . "  The government stance has a little bit softened in the last few days . There 's a chance there , " said Tai . "  After  the July 1 protest  , we may be able to see whether there 's any change in the stance of the Chinese government . "	Unofficial referendum on Hong Kong 's political future draws almost 800,000 votes Results were announced just before the anniversary of the 1997 handover of power , traditionally a big day for pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong Hong Kongers angered by what they perceive to be Beijing 's undue influence over their political destiny
CNN  -- Andy Murray maintained his bid to win a third successive Shanghai Masters title with a comfortable win over Roger Federer in Saturday 's semifinal . The Scot wasted little time in overpowering the current world No. 1 , easing to a straight sets 6-4 6-4 victory in one hour 38 minutes . The 25-year-old was gifted a crucial break in the first set when Federer served three double faults on the bounce in the fifth game . Murray took full advantage of the uncharacteristic slip , closing out the set without alarm . Federer was put under pressure again at the start of the second , saving seven break points to win the opening game . But it was n't long before Murray 's aggressive returning paid dividends . At 40-0 up in the fifth game , the 31-year-old Swiss was cruising before Murray fought back to earn a break point which he took with a devastating forehand return . Two rain delays in the second set failed to upset the Scot 's rhythm who calmly served out the match . " -LSB- Federer -RSB- did n't serve that well for him tonight so I was able to be very aggressive on his second serve , " Murray said afterwards . "  He maybe slowed down his first serve a little bit so I was able to take a few more chances on the first serve . Obviously that helped . But , yeah , I went for it like I did the last few times I played against him . " Murray will meet Novak Djokovic in Sunday 's final -- the Serb completing an easy win over Tomas Berdych earlier in the day . The world No. 2 , who has yet to drop a set at the tournament , broke the Czech 's first service game to immediately gain the upper hand . The Serb claimed another break of serve early in the second to canter home 6-3 6-4 in 85 minutes . "  Tomas is in great form in the last couple of months . He 's always a difficult player to play against on any surface because he has a very powerful serve and great forehand , " Djokovic said . "  I played tactically right . I was putting a lot of returns into the court , making a lot of pressure on his serve . On the other hand , I was serving well when I needed to , " he added . Djokovic currently leads Murray 8-7 in head-to-head match ups , but the Scot looks favorite given his recent successes over the Serb in the semifinal of the Olympics tournament in August and in the final of the U.S. Open last month . "  I 've known him for 14 , 15 years now . We 've obviously had some incredibly tough matches which can maybe test a friendship . But we 've always been , I think , pretty respectful of each other , " Murray said .	Briton secures place in Shanghai Masters final with a 6-4 6-4 win over Roger Federer Reigning U.S. Open champion will play Novak Djokovic in Sunday 's final Serb also enjoys comfortable straight sets semifinal win over Tomas Berdych 6-3 6-4
CNN  -- The world 's biggest airport project received a boost this week as the ruler of Dubai announced a multi-billion dollar expansion to the city 's second airport . Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum approved a $ 32 billion plan to continue development of the eponymous Al Maktoum International Airport at Dubai World Central . The airport opened its doors to passengers last year but will be beefed up to ultimately accommodate over 200 million passengers per year and 12 million tons of cargo . The first phase will include the construction of two new satellite buildings with a capacity of 120 million passengers annually and the ability to host 100 Airbus A380 aircraft at any one time . Emirates , the flag-carrier of Dubai , is Airbus ' largest operator of the superjumbo . It has a current fleet of 52 , with 90 more on order . The first phase of expansion is expected to be completed within six to eight years . The entire development will cover 56 square kilometers . Currently over half of passengers flying to Dubai are connecting to other destinations and the new airport will build a system of automated trains and people movers to ferry people between gates . The two terminals will be served by three runways while the airport 's master plan has space to add two more . The growth of the airport to the south-west of the city center ties in with the greater development of Dubai World Central that will include residential and leisure facilities . It will also be the site of Dubai 's World Expo in 2020 . Paul Griffiths , CEO of Dubai Airports described the expansion as a "  strong endorsement of Dubai 's aviation industry , " and indicated the days of the Emirate 's current hub , Dubai International Airport  DXB  , are numbered . Passenger numbers there are expected to reach 100 million by 2020 -- since its inception it passenger numbers have grown an average of 15 % per year . However the airport has little space to expand . "  Our future lies at DWC  Al Maktoum International Airport  , " said Griffiths . "  We are taking that next step to securing our future by building a brand new airport that will not only create the capacity we need in the coming decades but also provide state of the art facilities that revolutionize the airport experience . " As well as packing in the passengers , the expanded airport  and its construction  is set to support 322,000 jobs and contribute 28 % to Dubai 's GDP , according to Dubai Airports . Elsewhere in the region , other airports are being supersized . Qatar 's Doha Hamad International Airport opened earlier this year with the world 's second longest runway , while Abu Dhabi is upgrading its facilities in a $ 6.8 billion project set to be complete in 2017 . Istanbul New Airport , meanwhile , is aiming for an annual capacity of 150 million passengers .	Al Maktoum International airport set for $ 32 billion expansion Enlarged airport in Dubai will be able to host 100 Airbus A380s at any one time When complete the airport could accommodate over 200 million passengers each year Visitors to Dubai 's current main airport have grown on average by 15 % annually
CNN  Is there anything laser ca n't do ? From cutting diamonds to preserving endangered sites , all the way to building terrifying weapons and turning your eyes from brown to blue , there is apparently no end to the list of applications for laser . Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list : using focused laser beams to affect the weather . It sounds like black magic , but it 's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding , a form of weather modification that has been used for several years -- most famously by China in preparation for the 2008 Olympics , when they launched rockets to seed the clouds and prevent rainfall during the opening ceremony . But it 's hard to tell how effective cloud seeding actually is , and it involves the spraying of chemicals into the atmosphere , something which it surely does n't need . Laser is therefore a completely clean alternative to traditional cloud seeding : it 's light , and nothing but light . How does laser actually affect the weather ? Just like cloud seeding , it can create new clouds where there are none , by inducing condensation : naturally occurring water vapor is condensed into droplets , and ice crystals form , mimicking the natural process that creates clouds . That way , rainfall can be triggered to "  empty " the atmosphere and increase the potential of dry weather later on : "  We did it on a laboratory scale , we can already create clouds , but not on a macroscopic scale , so you do n't see a big cloud coming out because the laser is not powerful enough and because of a lot of technical parameters that we ca n't yet control , " Professor Wolf told CNN 's Nick Glass . That is not to say that the laser he 's tested is n't powerful : at one terawatt , it has the same energy produced by all the nuclear power plants on Earth : "  Of course , it does n't last very long , " Wolf said . The technology is still in its infancy then , but once it 's perfected , it could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast , such as California or Chile , where flooding and droughts occur in extreme vicinity . Through lasers , those effects could be smoothed to have less rain in flooding-prone areas and more rain in drought-prone areas : "  You can transport the water to a different location , " Wolf said . Laser seeding can make more than clouds : it can also trigger lightning . "  We also showed that it 's possible to trigger lightning in clouds , within clouds , but not to the ground , yet . " Recent tests have shown promise : " A few years ago , in New Mexico , we moved our big mobile terawatt laser to the top of a mountain and we shot it up into the atmosphere , trying to trigger lightning . We did n't , but we could see some small discharge , lightning , within the cloud . You know , 90 per cent of the lightning discharge are intra-cloud , not against the Earth . So , we are still working on that , but there is hope . " Controlling lightning , or facilitating its discharge in a desired location , would help reduce the costs associated with lightning damage -- they run into the billions of dollars each year , adding to thousands of people injured or killed by lightning strikes . Affecting the weather could also turn out to be one of our best bets at limiting the impact of climate change . Professor Wolf reckons lasers could be used to "  repair " the weather , reducing the occurrence of hurricanes , thunderstorms , flooding , and drought . But his laser technology can look way beyond the clouds : "  There are potential applications in the biomedical field : by changing the color of the laser , we could identify and selectively kill cancer cells , with little or no collateral damage . " Yet another potential application to add to that list : "  Every time you think you have done everything you can with lasers , something new comes up : it 's quite amazing . "	Swiss Professor Jean-Pierre Wolf is pioneering the use of lasers to affect the weather He suggests lasers could also be used to limit the impact of climate change
CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul is appearing in a new wave of ads for Republican Senate candidates in Iowa and New Hampshire less than one week before Election Day . The Chamber of Commerce , which produces the ads and has featured Paul in a previous round of spots , says it 's using the Kentucky Republican as a voice to appeal to independent voters . And it 's not a bad arrangement for the likely White House hopeful : The new ads appear in the first two presidential primary states . "  If you 're a freedom-loving , liberty-loving voter , I urge you to get out and vote for Joni Ernst this Tuesday , " he says in a spot -- first shared with CNN -- for Iowa 's GOP Senate nominee . He repeats a similar message in a separate ad for Scott Brown in New Hampshire , but adds a special touch for the Granite State 's politically-mixed climate . "  If you 're a freedom-loving , liberty-loving , leave-me-the-hell-alone voter , I urge you to get out and vote for Scott Brown this Tuesday , " Paul says . The ads appear to have been shot in the same setting as Chamber ads that he cut for GOP Senate nominees in Alaska and North Carolina , two closes races with for potential of a libertarian spoiler . A Chamber source said the ads "  fit into our theme this year of using credible messengers in target races , particularly to help break through the clutter and carry the free enterprise message . " Paul has repeatedly said he 'll announce his 2016 decision in the spring . If he decides to run as expected , it could be a big boost for him to get this kind of exposure in Iowa and New Hampshire -- and the blessing of a major mainstream and respected Republican group like the Chamber . Talking about the first round of ads , he told CNN in New Hampshire earlier this month that he thinks his appeal goes "  beyond the Republican Party " and he can be helpful in bringing in independents . "  At the very end , it 's that five or 10 percent that are undecided , might vote for a third party , or might vote independent that we really need , " he said . "  I 'm trying hard to let people know that Republicans will do things differently if we elect a Republican majority . "	Rand Paul is in two new ads for Senate candidates in New Hampshire and Iowa The ads are produced by the Chamber of Commerce and support mainstream Republicans The spots appear in early presidential primary states
The U.S. State Department said Thursday it had heard enough from Defense Distributed , the non-profit group at the center of a 3-D gun printing controversy . The department sent a three-page cease and desist letter dated Wednesday to Cody Wilson , the organization 's 25-year-old founder and self-described anarchist , demanding that the group remove instructions for printing a handgun with a 3-D printer from its website . Earlier this week Wilson posted a video online showing a single shot being fired from "  The Liberator , " a plastic handgun that , with the exception of a metal firing pin and a piece of metal included to comply with the Undetectable Firearms Act , was assembled entirely from parts made with a 3-D printer . On the Defense Distributed website , a one-line banner read , "  DEFCAD files are being removed from public access at the request of the US Department of Defense Trade Controls . " The site had been scrubbed of the documents by Thursday afternoon . Wilson later tweeted " #DEFCAD is going dark at the request of the SOS Department of Defense Trade Controls . Some shapes are more dangerous than others . " At issue was whether Wilson had violated International Traffic in Arms Regulations by posting files on his website allowing users to download and print firearms with 3-D printing technology . "  Defense Distributed may have released ITAR-controlled technical data without the required authorization from the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls , a violation , " the State Department 's letter to Wilson said . Opinion : 3-D printed guns are a boon for criminals Regulations that the government alleges Wilson violated would require approval for the design , development , production , manufacture , assembly , operation , repair , testing , maintenance or modification of firearms including blueprints , drawings and plans , or just about every aspect required to print a gun using a 3-D printer . The letter also said that Defense Distributed likely did n't get the proper approval to release the technical data it had posted online . Wilson says he founded Defense Distributed as a non-profit and posted the documents in the public domain . "  I have never had to consult them , so I had n't , " Wilson told CNN by phone . A State Department spokesperson who declined to be named confirmed that the department had been in contact with Defense Distributed but would not comment further on that particular case . Regulating the export of defense items is a national security issue , the spokesperson said . Wilson , a law student at the University of Texas in Austin , has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. government in particular and all governments in general .  Defense Distributed makes and sells components with names like "  The Cuomo " and "  The Pelosi , " to tweak politicians who support gun control  . Wilson told CNN he had complied with the State Department 's requests but acknowledges his next step will be to find an attorney who can help him fight for what he believes is a battle about the future of the Internet and the future of information control itself . "  For me , it 's important as a symbolic political statement , " he told CNN Monday . "  And that statement is something like , ` No , the future we imagine is one of personalized manufacture and access to objects . It does n't matter what the decision is on the Hill ... in this future , people will be able to make guns for themselves . ' But for federal authorities trying to put a stop to 3-D gun files , sharing it might already be too little , too late . The files have been posted on international servers outside the reach of the U.S. government 's authority , and Wilson notes , "  The files  have been downloaded from our website more than 1 million times . " Since Monday , politicians nationwide have moved swiftly to attack Wilson 's 3-D guns . Lawmakers in California , the District of Columbia , as well as a handful on Capitol Hill said they intend to fight block 3-D gun printing technology .	State Department demands that group remove 3-D gun printing instructions from its site Defense Distributed may have run afoul of International Traffic in Arms Regulations , letter says The group 's founder complies but notes that the plans have more than 1 million downloads The Texas group released a video of a shot fired from a plastic handgun
London , England  CNN  -- Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone took a "  good whacking " when he and his girlfriend were violently mugged in London , he tells the Daily Express newspaper Saturday . "  I 'm feeling it now , bit painful , it was a good whacking , " Ecclestone told the paper in the only interview he has given so far about the ordeal . The Express carried a picture of Ecclestone with a badly bruised right eye that was purple and swollen . The attack took place Wednesday night outside his offices in London 's exclusive Knightsbridge neighborhood , after he had been to a restaurant with girlfriend Fabiana Flosi , the paper reported . The muggers punched the 80-year-old billionaire in the face several times and kicked him in the head as he lay on the ground , he said . They also ripped the earrings off his girlfriend 's ears . London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed to CNN that a man and woman were robbed of jewelry including two watches and a pair of earrings on Wednesday night . They said officers do not believe the man was targeted because of who he is and that it appeared to be an opportunistic incident . " The man was taken to a hospital for treatment to a minor head injury , the police said . "  I drove as I often do and we had just got out of the car when suddenly these guys laid into me , " Ecclestone told the paper . "  They said nothing to me , just went on the attack , so there was no chance to feel scared or react . "  When I was on the ground I could hear Fabiana screaming for help and I took a kick or two in the head and went unconscious . "  When I came to there was blood everywhere from my head wound but I was lucky . They were n't worried about taking my eye out or head injuries when they were kicking . "  It was completely stupid and uncalled for . If they had confronted me and asked for everything we had , I would have handed over everything in my pockets , my wallet , anything . " British news reports had said the stolen jewelry was worth several hundred thousand dollars , but Ecclestone denied it , saying , "  They wo n't be going far on what they took off us . " "  I never carry much money or expensive jewelry , " he said . "  Most of Fabiana 's stuff was just personal from Brazil and not worth much . " The injuries forced Ecclestone to cancel a shooting trip with Spain 's King Juan Carlos I this weekend , he said . Police were still searching for the suspects .	Ecclestone tells a British paper he took a "  good whacking " He and his girlfriend were robbed in London this week He is sporting a black eye after being punched and kicked
CNN  -- In Hollywood movies , they 're often portrayed as danger-dodging men with dark glasses , smoothly working behind the scenes to protect the president at any cost . But a group of Secret Service members drew worldwide attention over the weekend for a different reason -- accusations of misconduct involving prostitutes . The incident -- which allegedly occurred when agents and officers brought prostitutes to a hotel in Colombia -- violates strict behavior rules in an agency that aims to stay out of the spotlight , and usually succeeds , experts and officials said . "  The main problem here for the Secret Service agents is not so much a criminal violation , but really it is a dereliction of duty , not doing their job , " said U.S. Rep. Peter King , who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee . Security clearances yanked While soliciting prostitution is legal in some parts of Colombia , it 's a breach of the agency 's conduct code , U.S. government sources said . High-level officials in the Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security were outraged over the incident , the sources said , noting that the investigation indicated the prostitutes were brought to a hotel that had been secured for the Summit of the Americas . But officials and analysts disagreed about how great a threat the alleged misconduct posed -- and how common it could be . "  This is really the biggest scandal in the history of the Secret Service , " said Ron Kessler , a former Washington Post reporter who has written a book about the agency . Dan Emmett , a former Secret Service agent , said such allegations have never surfaced before , arguing that this is "  a very isolated type of incident . " "  The president , since the beginning of the presidential protective division  of the Secret Service  in 1902 , has been on hundreds and hundreds of overseas trips . Now , this is the first time anything like this has come up . ... In my 21-year career , this was certainly not the norm , and I think this is certainly out of the ordinary , " Emmett said . President demands ` rigorous ' investigation Authorities have released few details about the allegations . There was a dispute over payment between at least one Secret Service member and a woman brought to his hotel , U.S. government sources familiar with the investigation have said . At least one of the women brought to the hotel talked with police , and complaints were filed with the U.S. Embassy , the sources said . U.S. government sources said the agents and officers under investigation were not part of the president 's personal protective detail , and stressed that there was no threat to the president . Such details indicate that the Secret Service agents allegedly involved would not have been "  in close proximity to the president , " Emmett said . "  A presidential advance team that goes overseas is literally a cast of hundreds , " he said . "  You have the people who are going to be doing the various sites , the motorcade routes and so on . Most of these people are not in direct access to the president . " Emmett dismissed speculation that the Secret Service agents and officers allegedly involved could have been easy targets for blackmail . "  In the world of espionage and foreign intelligence services , anything is possible . However , I just do n't see it in this case , " he said . "  These particular individuals , I do n't believe they would have been targeted . ... They just simply do n't have the information that would be valuable . " But King , who was briefed on the investigation , said there were still security concerns . "  Their job is to protect the president of the United States . They ca n't put themselves in a compromising position where they could be blackmailed or threatened , " he said . "  Nor should they bring prostitutes into a security zone 48 hours before the president of the United States is arriving . " Lawmakers say they 're troubled by scandal Kessler , who first broke the story to the Washington Post but did not reveal his sources , said some of the Secret Service agents involved are married and could have been easy blackmail targets . "  As a result , they could have let terrorists into secure areas and that could have resulted in assassination , " he said . U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa told CBS 's "  Face the Nation " that he was n't satisfied with repeated reassurances that the president was n't in danger . "  The investigation ... will be about how did this happen and how often has this happened before . Things like this do n't happen once if they did n't happen before , " said the California congressman , who chairs the House Oversight Committee . Secret Service members sent home after incident The investigation into the allegations has stretched beyond the Secret Service . The U.S. military has said five U.S. troops who were working with the Secret Service are under investigation for missing curfew and alleged misconduct at the Colombian hotel where Secret Service agents are said to have brought prostitutes . On Monday , Pentagon spokesman George Little said the number of troops involved "  may be more than five . " Speaking to reporters in Colombia Sunday , U.S. President Barack Obama said he would wait for the investigation 's results before passing judgment . "  I expect that investigation to be thorough and I expect it to be rigorous . If it turns out that some of the allegations that have been made in the press are confirmed , then of course I 'll be angry , " he said . CNN 's Randi Kaye , John King , Soledad O'Brien and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	Secret Service members are accused of bringing prostitutes to a secure hotel Experts say that would be a violation of strict behavior rules in the agency One former agent says it 's "  a very isolated type of incident " Congressman : "  Things like this do n't happen once if they did n't happen before "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Protesters threw bricks and bottles Friday at police outside a mosque in London after about 1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration there , police said . Police arrest a protestor in Harrow , London , after fighting broke out at a planned right-wing demonstration . One person was arrested "  to prevent a breach of the peace , " police said in a statement . The right-wing demonstration 's organizer , Stop Islamisation of Europe  SIOE  , said on its Web site one of the demonstration 's planners had been arrested . Seven other people were arrested during the melee for possession of "  offensive weapons " -- including bottles of bleach , a hammer and a chisel , police said . Police said incidents at the scene began when the crowd -- believed to be either members of an anti-fascism group or there to provide support to the Harrow Central Mosque -- went after three youths , "  caught up with them , and assaulted them , " police said . "  Police had to intervene to prevent the crowd from continuing with their attack . " It was not immediately known if the youths were affiliated with any political group . Police said they had identified and stopped a number of people believed to be heading to the right-wing protest prior to the demonstration 's start time , preventing them from reaching the area . It was not immediately known how many , if any , of the group 's supporters had successfully arrived outside the mosque . "  One person was arrested to prevent a breach of the peace as police believed if the SIOE demonstration started it would have resulted in serious disorder , " police said . The group said on its Web site that the demonstration had been called off and that Stephen Gash , listed as one of the group 's contacts , had been arrested "  to prevent a breach of the peace . " "  If you are on your way to the demo , do n't go , it 's being called off right now , " the post read . "  The police ca n't handle the muslim counter demonstrators -LSB- sic -RSB- . " The group describes itself on its Web site as an alliance of people "  with the single aim of preventing Islam becoming a dominant political force in Europe . " CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	Seven people arrested for having weapons like bleach , a hammer , chisel Organizer of planned protest was arrested "  to prevent a breach of the peace " 1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration Web site says group does n't want Islam to be "  dominant political force in Europe "
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- The lone survivor of a deadly home invasion wrapped up his testimony Tuesday afternoon after taking the stand against the second man charged with brutally killing his wife and two daughters . With relatives packed shoulder to shoulder in the two rows closest to the jury , Dr. William Petit testified in detail about the tragic events at his Cheshire , Connecticut , home on July 23 , 2007 , beginning with him being awakened by being hit by a bat . After his hands and feet were tied and a cloth was thrown over his head , he said , he heard a voice say , "  If he moves , shoot him . " Some of the evidence presented in court Tuesday included a handgun and photos of the rope used to bind Petit . The jury also saw pictures of his bloody head injuries . Petit told the court that while he was tied to a pole in the basement , he could hear "  loud thuds " and "  moaning , " likely from his wife , Jennifer Hawke-Petit . Shortly before hearing his wife , Petit was told by one of the intruders , "  Do n't worry . It 'll all be over in a few minutes . " Petit said that 's when he knew "  I had to get out . " Petit managed to escape but could not summon help in time to save his family . He described his eldest daughter , Hayley , as captain of her varsity basketball team , a crew participant and soccer player , and Dartmouth-bound . His younger daughter , Michaela , was a piano player , a flute player , into sports and a member of a Brownies troop , he said . Joshua Komisarjevsky , 31 , faces 17 charges in connection with the brutal home invasion . The first defendant to stand trial in the case , Steven Hayes , was sentenced to death in December after being convicted on 16 of the 17 charges filed against him . Testimony in the trial began Monday , with witnesses describing the final moments of Petit 's wife and daughters inside their burning home and the futile attempts to save them . Prosecutors declined to give an opening statement to start the trial . But they did introduce tapes from two 911 calls , a bank teller who claimed the mother tried to withdraw $ 15,000 as ransom and a police officer who found Petit fighting for life outside his family 's burning home . Prosecutors allege that Hayes and Komisarjevsky went into the Petit home , beat and tied up Petit , raped and strangled his wife , molested one of their daughters and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . The two daughters , who were both tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation . William Petit managed to escape . Entering the New Haven court on Monday , the first day of the trial , Petit succinctly told reporters , "  I just hope justice is served . " Several other members of the victims ' family packed the courtroom , many of them wearing pins that Judge Jon C. Blue allowed over defense lawyers ' objections that they might sway the jury . While he did n't present a comprehensive statement , New Haven State 's Attorney Michael Dearington briefly spoke to jurors Monday , explaining that prosecutors believe the jury will be able to listen to the evidence and render a decision . As allowed by law , Dearington said , Komisarjevsky is charged both as a principal and an accessory . Komisarjevsky 's defense attorney , Walter Bansley , told jurors that his client never intended to kill anyone , that his sole purpose in breaking into the Petit home was to steal . Bansley said Komisarjevsky did not have a weapon . He told jurors that in order to convict Komisarjevsky of capital murder , they must determine he intended to kill someone . It was Hayes , Bansley said , who raped and strangled Hawke-Petit , poured gasoline in the house and lit a match . Komisarjevsky was a willing participant in the break-in and theft but not the murders , according to Bansley , who recounted mounting dissension between Hayes and Komisarjevsky as the home invasion progressed that morning . Hayes felt that the Petits needed to be killed , Bansley claimed , but Komisarjevsky refused to kill anyone . Bansley did allude to a "  confession " that Komisarjevsky had later made in the incident . It was not entered into testimony Monday . During Hayes ' trial , a court clerk read from a 40-page letter Komisarjevsky wrote to author Brian McDonald in 2008 in which he described the incident . "  All were compliant , " he wrote . "  This time I took a risk , pulled the trigger , and the chamber was loaded . ... The Petit family passed through their fears and into terror . " ... It was captivating , validating that this pain in me was real . ... I was looking right at my personal demon , reflected back in their eyes . ... Hayley is a fighter ; she tried time and time again to free herself . ... Mr. Petit is a coward ; he ran away when he thought his life was threatened , and ran away to leave his wife and children to madmen . ... I was cheated of my retribution , and so was Steve . ... I am what I am ; I make no excuses . ... I 'm a criminal with a criminal mind . " The reading continued , "  Michaela , Hayley , and Jennifer , forgive me ; I am damned . ... I ca n't believe I lost control ; I hate myself/I love myself . ... I stand condemned . " After the defense lawyers presented their opening statements Monday , the prosecution began to present evidence and call witnesses , starting with the same five people , in the same order , as in Hayes ' trial . The first person on the stand Monday was Mona Huggard , a registered nurse at Petit 's medical practice who said Hawke-Petit had called in to say her husband was sick -- only the second time , in her recollection , that he 'd ever done so . Then Kristin Makhzangi testified how Hawke-Petit came to her bank window to withdraw $ 15,000 . Video showed the transaction , which spurred a 911 call from the Bank of America branch 's manager , Mary Lyons , warning that that the family might be in trouble . Lyons described Hawke-Petit as "  terrified . " About an hour after the visit , authorities say , she was dead . Another 911 call came from the Petits ' next-door neighbor David Simcik , who testified spotting William Petit "  all banged up " and asking him to call police . The day ended with Cheshire Police Office Thomas Wright taking the stand to explain how he 'd arrived to find Petit bloodied on his neighbor 's driveway . By the time he tried , unsuccessfully , to enter the door of the home , Hayes and Komisarjevsky had left and "  everything was burning , " Wright said . Authorities threw rocks at windows and doused flames with a nearby hose . But once they finally got in , "  We saw no signs of life , " he said . In Session 's Sunny Hostin and CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Dr. William Petit describes the details of the deadly home invasion Petit 's wife and two daughters were killed in the February 2007 incident Joshua Komisarjevsky faces 17 charges , including murder and arson
CNN  A man who says he 's Mohammed Emwazi 's father has reportedly said there is no proof that his son is the masked ISIS killer known as "  Jihadi John . " "  There is nothing that proves what is being circulated in the media , especially through video clips and footage , that the accused is my son Mohammed , who is being referred to as the alleged executioner " of ISIS , Jassem Emwazi told the Kuwaiti newspaper al Qabas . Jassem Emwazi said there are only "  false rumors " circulating about his son . The elder Emwazi told the newspaper he has hired an attorney . The lawyer , Kuwait-based Salem Al-Hashash , told CNN on Tuesday that he was representing Jassem Emwazi and planned to file lawsuits against anyone who has claimed that Mohammed Emwazi is Jihadi John . The lawyer called the father a "  victim of libel " and said that he would soon hold a news conference . Last week , two U.S. officials and two U.S. congressional sources confirmed to CNN that "  Jihadi John " is Mohammed Emwazi , a Kuwaiti-born Londoner . Jassem Emwazi 's statements to al Qabas appear to contradict reports this week that his wife recognized Jihadi John 's voice as her son 's when she saw footage that shows the man , whose face is covered , brandishing a knife and threatening ISIS hostages . Emwazi told British newspaper The Guardian that the stories about the couple recognizing the voice were false . "  Lie , lie , lie , " he reportedly said . Mohammed Emwazi was born in Kuwait in 1988 and moved to the United Kingdom with his parents and sister when he was six , according to CAGE , an advocacy group for people suspected of involvement in terrorism . CAGE interacted with Emwazi before he joined the terror group , a member has said . CAGE released a recording last week that it said it taped of Mohammed Emwazi in 2009 . In that recording , Emwazi is heard talking about been questioned by British intelligence service regarding a July 2005 terror attack in London . CNN 's Samira Said , Roba Alhenawi and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Jassem Emwazi 's attorney tells CNN he will sue people who say son is "  Jihadi John " Kuwaiti newspaper : Father of Mohammed Emwazi attacks "  false rumors " about his son
CNN  -- He has a long way to go to emulate the success of his father , who won five majors and thrilled the world of golf , but Javier Ballesteros is off to a promising start . The 21-year-old made his debut on the professional golf circuit Thursday , 38 years after Severiano began his pro career on exactly the same course . After starting at the Sant Cugat course in Catalunya , Spain , Seve went on to win three British Opens and two Masters titles and etch his name into the record books as one of the most entertaining and flamboyant players ever to pick up a club . Seve died in May last year , at the age of 54 , provoking an outpouring of grief from the world of golf . Many stars of the game attended his funeral in his home village of Pedrena . Javier insists he does n't feel any weight of pressure being the son of one of golf 's most revered characters , but he offered a glimpse of his talent as he shot a five-under-par round to sit three shots off the lead after day one of the Peugeot Alps de Barcelona . "  My goal for this competition is enjoy it , " he said on the European Tour 's official website . "  I do n't set goals when I play a tournament , especially being an amateur . "  What I have to do is enjoy and learn . I have no extra pressure being Seve 's son , I do n't really have anything to prove . I 'm just going to be myself . "  When I registered for the Peugeot Tour event at Sant Cugat I did n't know that my father played his first professional tournament here and now that I know , it 's double the excitement for me . " Seve won 91 tournaments in a 33-year career and was a crucial part of Europe 's Ryder Cup team during much of the 1980s and 1990s , forming a formidable partnership with fellow Spaniard Jose Maria Olazabal . Javier clearly has inherited a wealth of talent from Seve but says he is yet to decide if he will follow his father 's footsteps and become a golf professional once he has finished studying law in Madrid . "  I have always played golf , " he added . "  I was on the national team when I was 14 to 16 years old , and being surrounded by golf at home always made me think about being a pro in the future . "  But I have to finish university first . It is something my parents have always told me to do , especially my father , and that is my priority . Then we will see . "  I have not made a schedule or set a time . It 's not just a case of turning professional as soon as I finish college . We will just see what happens . "	Seve Ballesteros ' son Javier competes in first professional golf tournament The 21-year-old 's first pro start comes at same course his late father made his debut Seve is one of the most famous names in golf winning five majors during a glittering career Javier to decide whether to become a full time pro after completing law studies at college
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- For five years , the horrible memory has lingered in the minds of Madrid 's commuters , quietly riding their trains into the heart of the city . The pain is easing , but it 's a nagging ache just the same . The rush-hour train bombings killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others . It was March 11 , 2004 , during morning rush hour , that terrorists armed with powerful bombs boarded these same commuter train lines , unleashing an onslaught that killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others . The attacks are the deadliest in Europe since the rise of al Qaeda . More than a year later on July 7 , 2005 , terrorists would stage bombings on the London transit system that killed 52 people and wounded hundreds more . The explosives were left on the Spanish trains in sports bags and backpacks -- sometimes placed under seats -- court documents say . The terrorists got off at various stations down the line , before cell-phone timers detonated 10 bombs in quick succession on four trains at three stations . Police dismantled another bomb that did n't explode . It provided vital clues that led to arrests . Eighteen people , mostly Islamic militants , have been convicted in the attacks . Watch more on the anniversary Juan Carlos Garcia , an engineer who took the train later that same day , said he knows a couple whose daughter died in the attacks . "  It was very tough , especially knowing it could have been you , " Garcia said . "  Now , you remember it , but not the same as when it just happened . " Beata Sadecka , a regular commuter , says she rides cautiously . "  Every day , when I get on the train , I always ride in the last car , " Sadecka said . "  I do n't know why , for safety , " she added , not quite sure of her motives . On one train , the first explosion was in a rear car and , as people ran forward to get away , they were hit by explosions in the middle cars , investigators have said . "  People remember the March 11th attacks , " said Vicente Jimenez , a deputy editor with El Pais newspaper , "  and while conscious that the threat continues , you have to continue with your life . " Memorial observations were scheduled throughout the day , including five minutes of silence for the victims . King Juan Carlos and Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero were not taking part in the public events . A victims group called their non-participation a slight . But on this fifth anniversary , most commuters are just going about their business , with that nagging ache still lingering .	Spain commemorates fifth anniversary of Madrid train bombings March 11 , 2004 , attacks killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 Explosives were left on the Spanish trains in sports bags and backpacks
New York  CNN  -- New York City will pay more than $ 7 million to settle a civil lawsuit brought by the estate of a man killed by police outside a Queens ' nightclub in 2006 and by his two friends , who were seriously wounded , a spokeswoman for the city 's Law Department said Tuesday . The estate of Sean Bell , who was killed in the shooting , will receive $ 3.25 million , Joseph Guzman receive $ 3 million and Trent Benefield will get $ 900,000 , said Kate Ahlers . "  The city regrets the loss of life in this tragic case , and we share our deepest condolences with the Bell family , " Michael Cardozo , attorney for the New York City Law Department . "  We hope that all parties can find some measure of closure by this settlement . " Bell , Guzman and Benefield were shot after an altercation with plainclothes detectives outside the Queens nightclub where Bell 's bachelor party was held on the night before his wedding . Bell died at the scene , and Guzman and Benefield were seriously wounded . Accounts of the incident varied . Undercover officers , who were investigating the club regarding prostitution allegations , said they identified themselves as police , but witnesses and the wounded men said they did not . Police said they believed at least one of the men had a gun , but no gun was found . And one of the officers said the Bell , instead of obeying his command to stop , hit him with his vehicle . The incident quickly became a touchstone for those who believe police -- in New York and elsewhere -- have a record of excessive force , particularly against black men . Bell , 23 , was African-American , as were the two men wounded and two of the three police officers . The officers fired 50 shots in just a few seconds . The shooting sparked street protests , and Mayor Michael Bloomberg called it "  inexplicable " and "  unacceptable , " saying "  it sounds to me like excessive force was used . " In March 2007 , three of the police officers were indicted on multiple charges . Detectives Gescard Isnora , Marc Cooper and Michael Oliver -- who fired his gun 31 times that night , pausing to reload his weapon -- were acquitted of all charges in April 2008 Justice Arthur Cooperman of New York State Supreme Court said inconsistent testimony and other problems "  had the effect of eviscerating the credibility " of key prosecution witnesses , and that some testimony "  just did n't make sense . " "  The police response with respect to each defendant was not proved to be criminal -- i.e. , beyond a reasonable doubt . Questions of carelessness and incompetence must be left to other forums , " Cooperman said , according to a transcript released by his office . Citing insufficient evidence , the Department of Justice announced in February that it would not pursue federal civil rights charges against police officers involved . The department issued a statement saying that after a "  careful and thorough " review , there is not enough evidence to prove that New York Police Department detectives "  acted willfully " when they opened fire on Bell and his friends . In May , Rev. Al Sharpton led a large protest in response to the Department of Justice decision . Sharpton and Bell 's fiancee and parents were among more than 200 people arrested in New York City . Sharpton responded to Tuesday 's decision in a written statement . "  This in no way mitigates or repairs the permanent damage done to them and the pain it has caused them forever nor does it diminish the outrage in the community , " Sharpton said . "  We will always pursue justice for the family of Sean Bell , Joseph Guzman and Trent Benefield . "	City to pay more than $ 7 million to victims of 2006 shooting Bell was to be married the following day Bell was killed , his friends seriously wounded Police are acquitted in 2008 , Justice Department does not file civil rights charges
CNN  -- Thousands of travelers spent the night camped out on airport floors and thousands more were stranded in hotel rooms and relatives ' homes as blizzard conditions halted flights at New York 's three major airports , slowed rail travel and continued to create treacherous conditions on roads throughout the East Coast on Monday . The storm brought high winds -- in some cases as much as 80 miles per hour -- and blinding snow to much of the East Coast beginning Sunday . Some places were forecast to receive as much as 30 inches of snow overall . Blizzard warnings remained in effect through noon Monday for much of coastal New England . Incoming and departing flights were suspended at New York 's John F. Kennedy and LaGuardia airports Sunday night , as well as at Newark Liberty International Airport in neighboring north New Jersey , Port Authority spokeswoman Sara Joren said . The airports are now not expected to reopen until 4 p.m. ET Monday , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Amtrak , which had canceled service between Boston and New York on Sunday , said Monday morning that it had resumed limited service between the two cities . But spokesman Cliff Cole warned that many trains may already be sold out . The passenger train service 's decision to cancel service on Sunday affected some 10,000 passengers . Travel by road was also difficult . Emergency declarations were in place Monday in Virginia , Maryland and Massachusetts , among other places . Connecticut Gov. M. Jodi Rell has asked people to stay off the state 's roads unless absolutely necessary , said Peter Boynton , the commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Emergency Management . "  If you have to be on the road , of course , the rule of the day is take it slow , " he said . Airlines have canceled some 2,000 flights since the storm began , leaving airports that normally would have been flush with activity after Christmas largely quiet . Many would-be travelers stayed away , thanks in part to many airlines ' pre-emptive cancellations . But not all . Shabaz Motan came to LaGuardia on Sunday afternoon even though he knew his flight to Chicago had been canceled . He was hoping to get a free hotel room or flight voucher from the airline , but he ended up sleeping on a cot because airline officials told him it was n't their fault he could n't fly . "  It 's been tough , " he said . Julie Stratton also spent the night at LaGuardia . She was scheduled to fly to Indianapolis , Indiana , on Sunday , but said Monday she is now being told she may not be able to fly out until Thursday . "  It 's not the best of scenarios , no , " she said . "  But you just have to make the best of it . There 's nothing else you can do . " Most carriers were waiving penalties for passengers traveling Sunday and Monday to airports from North Carolina to Boston and beyond . Affected customers were being urged to contact the relevant airline either by phone or online . The mayors of Philadelphia , Boston , Providence and Portland , Maine , also called snow emergencies , while New York City launched a winter snow storm operation and encouraged people to stay off the roads by taking mass transit or staying put . "  Unfortunately , our city is directly in the path , " New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Sunday afternoon , amid a blizzard warning that extends until 6 p.m. Monday . "  It 's hard to stand up in a 55-mph wind , so this really is dangerous . " The Northeast was not the only area being affected . In North Carolina , icy road conditions were blamed for three deaths . The storm 's timing , coming over a holiday weekend , was fortuitous for some and disastrous for others . City and state officials predicted that the blizzard 's impact on the economy and otherwise might be muted , because many people had the holiday weekend off and fewer were expected to be commuting into work than normal on Monday . "  With the people who are staying home for the holidays , it 's great , but we know a lot of people who are trying to get home , " said Brett Martin , claiming his hometown of Virginia Beach , Virginia , had received almost a foot of snow . "  We 're just playing games and hanging out by the fire . " Metropolitan New York could see snow totals between 15 and 20 inches of accumulating snow , with sustained winds of 25 to 35 mph and gusts of up to 50 mph , the National Weather Service said Monday . Meanwhile , the NFL announced that a game between the Minnesota Vikings and the Philadelphia Eagles -- originally scheduled for Sunday night -- had been postponed until 8:20 p.m. Tuesday . "  It was dangerous for the players , dangerous for the fans , " said Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter , who called a state of emergency in anticipation of up to 14 inches of snow . "  People still have to get out of the parking lot  and get in  their cars . " Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick told reporters Sunday that 1,000 plows , sand and salt trucks were working to keep state roads clear and that as many as 4,000 would be deployed as the storm worsens . "  We expect visibility to be very low and travel to be extremely dangerous , " Patrick said . CNN 's Allan Chernoff , Greg Botelho , Nick Valencia , Chuck Johnston , Nina Golgowski and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : New York airports expected to remain closed until 4 p.m. Monday NEW : Amtrak resumes limited service between New York and Boston NEW : Airlines cancel 2,000 flights , stranding thousands of passengers The storm could dump as much as 30 inches of snow and include up to 80-mph gusts
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department has sold its London embassy building to a Qatari real estate company , the embassy announced Tuesday . The signing of the deal is another major step in the embassy 's plans to relocate from its longtime headquarters in central London to a new site in Wandsworth , on the south bank of the River Thames . It was n't immediately clear how much Qatari Diar Real Estate paid for the embassy building in Grosvenor Square , whose 1960s facade was recently given listed status , meaning its design ca n't be changed . The embassy will continue to operate from the current building until the new one is completed in 2016 or 2017 , the embassy said . Construction is expected to begin in 2012 or 2013 . It was a year ago that the embassy announced it was looking for a new site that is more modern , open , and secure than the current building in London 's West End . It has now settled on a site in Wandsworth and is having a design competition for the new building . When the embassy does move to Wandsworth , it will mark the end of a more than 200-year association with Grosvenor Square , in the historic and exclusive neighborhood of Mayfair near Hyde Park . John Adams , who later became U.S. president , lived on the square from 1785 to 1788 , when he was the first U.S. minister to the Court of St. James . The building in which he lived still stands in the square 's northeast corner . The embassy moved to various locations in the West End before returning to Grosvenor Square in 1938 . For years , it occupied a building on the east side of the square -- a building that now houses the Canadian High Commission . During World War II , the square was known as "  Little America " because the embassy was on one side and Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower 's headquarters were on the other . The embassy moved to its current site , occupying the entire west side of the square , when the building was completed in 1960 . The concrete , four-story structure was designed by Eero Saarinen , who also designed the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , Missouri , and the U.S. Air Force Academy Chapel in Colorado Springs , Colorado . Since the September 11 attacks in 2001 , the embassy has caused controversy locally by installing blast walls in a wide perimeter around the building . Neighbors complained the walls were unsightly , and the walls caused the road in front of the building to be closed to traffic . Sitting atop the building at the front is a huge gilded aluminum eagle with a 35-foot wingspan . It is not clear whether the eagle will be considered part of the building 's listed status , meaning it will have to stay on the facade , or whether it can be moved to the new location , according to a spokesman for the realty firm Cushman and Wakefield , which advised the United States on the sale .	Qatari firm buys landmark U.S. Embassy building in Grosvenor Square State Department moving quarters to new building to be finished by 2017 Post 9/11 protections have drawn criticism from embassy 's neighbors
