Once known as the "  Hollywood Madam , " Heidi Fleiss in recent years has become known as a fan of exotic birds . That interest , parlayed into a 2011 Animal Planet reality show , "  Heidi Fleiss : Prostitutes to Parrots , " apparently helped spare Fleiss from handcuffs after authorities said they found nearly 400 marijuana plants growing at her residence in Pahrump , Nevada . A deputy did not arrest Fleiss because she had exotic birds valued at more than $ 200,000 , Nye County Sheriff Anthony De Meo told CNN on Tuesday . "  We do n't have facilities for exotic birds , and they are pretty rare and very expensive , " the sheriff said . Authorities said they sent their report to the district attorney for charges to be filed . A deputy went to the home on August 7 to look for another woman wanted on an arrest warrant . The officer , finding the front door open and no one responding , went to the rear of the main residence and spied some of the plants , the sheriff 's department said in a statement . Officers encountered Fleiss , who allegedly gave them consent to search another area . She told detectives she was growing the plants to sell to a cooperative in Las Vegas , about 55 miles to the east , authorities said . "  Ms. Fleiss could not produce the necessary documentation to support this . Later she admitted , in a roundabout way , that she was going to get a license because she did not have one , " the statement said . Another factor in not arresting Fleiss was her consent to a search without a warrant and the fact that she was cooperative , the department said . A total of 392 suspected marijuana plants were counted , authorities said . Fleiss grabbed headlines in the 1990s after she was arrested in connection with a high-priced prostitution ring serving Tinseltown 's rich and famous . CNN was unable Tuesday to find a phone listing for the residence . There was no answer at what is believed to be Fleiss ' mobile number . CNN also left a message with a publicist known to represent her in 2011 . Pals of suburban mom help her make $ 500,000 bail in pot case	Authorities search Nevada home of Heidi Fleiss They reportedly find 392 marijuana plants and exotic birds She said she was growing plants for cooperative , sheriff 's officials say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- In a blow to efforts to keep direct negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians from faltering , the Israeli government is planning to construct new housing units in East Jerusalem , Israeli and U.S. sources confirmed Friday . Israeli Army radio reported earlier that the Israeli Housing and Construction Ministry issued a bid for 238 houses as part of a larger tender for housing construction in the country . The report said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was aware of the process , and that the American government had been notified . Two U.S. officials , speaking on condition of not being identified by name , told CNN that Israel had notified the United States of the plan , but they added there was no agreement from Washington that it should go ahead . "  This was in no way done with U.S. approval , " one official said . "  The government of Israel informed us to the intent to announce new tenders , and at every opportunity we urged the Israelis not to proceed . " An Israeli official speaking on condition of not being identified by name also said Israel told the United States of its intention . A spokesman for Netanyahu would not comment on the report . Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat condemned the move , saying that the Israeli prime minister has chosen "  settlements over peace . " "  We hold him responsible for undermining the direct negotiations , and I call upon the U.S. and other members of the international community to condemn this act and to hold the Israeli government responsible for the derailment of the direct negotiations , " Erakat said . The issues of housing construction in East Jerusalem and West Bank settlement building have been major sticking points in the newly revived direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians.The move would represent the first tender for East Jerusalem construction since March , when the Israeli government announced the construction of 1,600 housing units in East Jerusalem while U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden was visiting Israel . That announcement strained relations between Washington and the government of Netanyahu . The new East Jerusalem units would be built in the neighborhoods of Pisgat Ze'ev and Ramot , which are home to thousands of Jewish residents . The two neighborhoods are in the northern part of the city , but commonly considered part of East Jerusalem because they are located east of the Green Line , the armistice line that separated Israel from Jordan when Jordan controlled East Jerusalem and the West Bank prior to 1967 . Israel seized East Jerusalem from Jordan during the Six Day War in 1967 and considers it part of its sovereign capital , a claim not recognized by many in the international community . Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state . Also Friday , a report on Egypt 's state-run news agency MENA said Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit raised the possibility of the Arab League calling for a Palestinian state to get a seat at the U.N. General Assembly . Such a move would bolster the Arab League 's call for full international recognition of a Palestinian state . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this story .	NEW : U.S. , Israeli sources confirm Israel provided advance notice of plans The new construction would be in the neighborhoods of Pisgat Ze'ev and Ramot Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was informed of the move Palestinian negotiator says Israeli prime minister has chosen "  settlements over peace "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Some 14 million people have been affected by the torrential rains and flooding that have left more than 1,000 dead in Pakistan , a spokesman for the national disaster authority told CNN Tuesday . While 1,245 people have been confirmed killed , officials believe the number of dead may reach 1,500 , said spokesman Ahmed Kamal . He said 1,334 people have been injured and 337,282 people have been rescued . More than 302,000 houses have been damaged , Kamal said , but that number might more than double by the time the flooding subsides . Most of the displaced have sought shelter in public buildings , including schools , said a spokeswoman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . They include thousands of Afghan refugees "  who have suddenly lost their homes for the second time . " Pakistan 's Meteorological Department said more heavy rains were in store in the next few days , threatening to deepen the worst natural disaster the nation has experienced in recent history . The monsoon season is only halfway over . The flooding , which started in the northwest , threatened places as far south as the port city of Karachi . Nineteen people died across the country between Sunday and Monday nights , Kamal said . The weather in the northwest province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa did improve slightly Tuesday , which allowed 23 helicopters to take off for relief and rescue operations , according to a military spokesperson who did not want to be identified . Kamal said 76 helicopters and 621 boats were participating in rescue efforts . Of those affected by the flooding , 6 million to 7 million are in immediate need of food and other items , said Maurizio Giuliano , information officer for the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . "  While not all may be in need of immediate humanitarian assistance , and the severity of their needs has not yet been fully assessed , this is a higher figure than those who were affected by the 2005 South Asia tsunami  3 million  , the 2005 South Asia earthquake  3 million  , or the 2010 Haiti earthquake  3 million  , " he said Monday in a statement . Though the number of fatalities was not comparable with either the tsunami or the earthquake , both of which had death tolls that exceeded 200,000 , Pakistan 's flooding "  is a major disaster of enormous magnitude , " said John Holmes , U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and emergency relief coordinator . Many Pakistanis are not happy with the government 's response to the floods , saying it has been slow and ineffective . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari returned home Monday from an overseas trip , facing growing criticism of his actions following the massive flooding . He had been in England for talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron during the worst of the crisis . Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said a true assessment of the loss of life and infrastructure can be determined only after the water recedes . He appealed to the international community and to Pakistanis living abroad to help . Aid agencies scrambled to help those in need . "  The assistance that we have so far provided has alleviated suffering , but relief operations need to be massively scaled up , " said Martin Mogwanja , the U.N. humanitarian coordinator in Pakistan . U.S. emergency relief teams continued to arrive in Peshawar to help , the U.S. State Department said . The U.S. Agency for International Development has committed $ 55 million in aid to international organizations and nongovernmental organizations , it said . The United States has provided more than 435,000 meals . This assistance is in addition to U.S. military efforts , which include rescue airlifts , food supplies and other deliveries provided by the Pentagon . Of the total , $ 20 million will be used to expand humanitarian operations farther south as the flood zone expands , Mark Ward , acting director of the Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance , told reporters Tuesday . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Samson Desta and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : The displaced in Pakistan include thousands of Afghan refugees Some 14 million people have been affected by the rain and floods The death toll stands at 1,245 , Pakistani authorities say 1,334 people have been injured ; 302,000 homes damaged
PADUCAH , Kentucky  CNN  -- Defense lawyers trying to save their client from the death penalty argued Tuesday that former U.S. soldier Steven Green exhibited clear symptoms of acute stress disorder in Iraq and that a military psychiatric nurse-practitioner failed to diagnose the troubled infantryman and pull him out of combat . Former U.S. soldier Steven Green has been convicted of raping and killing a 14-year-old Iraqi girl . Green was convicted last week in U.S. District Court in Kentucky of murder , rape , conspiracy and obstruction of justice . A jury found Green guilty of a raping a 14-year-old girl , then killing her and setting her body on fire to destroy evidence . Green also was found guilty of killing the girl 's parents and 6-year-old sister . Green might become the first former U.S. soldier to face the death penalty for war crimes before a civilian court , where he was tried because he had been discharged from the military before his crimes came to light . Four other former soldiers are in prison for their roles in the crimes and the cover-up that followed . His lawyers offered testimony Tuesday from a psychiatrist who testified that a mental health review "  did not meet acceptable mental health standards . " Dr. Pablo Stewart testified that a military nurse-practitioner who examined Green some three months before the crimes "  had the answers in front of her that clearly marks all the symptoms of acute stress disorder or post-traumatic stress disorder . " Yet rather than pull Green out of combat or follow up with additional care , Stewart testified , the nurse-practitioner prescribed sleeping pills and sent Green back to his traffic checkpoint in an area known as the "  Triangle of Death , " one of the bloodiest areas of the Sunni-led insurgency . Earlier , defense lawyers had identified the nurse practitioner as Lt. Col. Karen Marrs , and she was called by the defense to testify . She described Green 's company as having the worst morale she 'd ever seen , and she said the entire battalion was "  red , " meaning it was "  mission incapable " -- the troops were "  hostile , vengeful and needed increased control and command , " without which there was a greater likelihood of misconduct . The psychiatric nurse said it was important for soldiers to return to duty , not only to keep up troop numbers , but also because "  soldiers evacuated prematurely have a hard time fitting in . " Marrs said procedures were followed , but it was difficult to keep precise records partly because soldier interviews took place under difficult conditions , in one case in a concrete structure that had a hole in the ceiling from a mortar shell . She said troops often were counseled that "  having sad and angry feelings are common , " and that "  you are n't a monster for having these thoughts in monstrous conditions . " At the time of Green 's arrest , he told FBI agents , "  You probably think I 'm a monster . " Throughout the testimony Tuesday , Green repeatedly glanced at the jury . He appeared pale , wearing a light-blue button-down shirt and pressed khakis . He smiled at times while talking to his lawyers . He seemed moved by the testimony of his uncle , Greg Simolke , who broke down several times while speaking about his nephew . "  Steve  was one of these kids , everyone knows them , no matter what they do , nothing works out , like he had a black cloud hanging over him , " Simolke said . Green lived with his uncle , an obstetrician , in North Carolina for a few months during his senior year in high school , according to testimony . He moved back to Midland , Texas , where he was originally from , after a school counselor told him he was so far behind that he would have to take sophomore-level courses . "  I do n't know if any of us realized how far behind he was , " said Simolke , who went on to describe how proud he was when his nephew finished his military training . "  To me , that was a huge accomplishment for Steve , " Simolke said before breaking down in tears . Testimony in the penalty phase of the case began Monday .	Former U.S. soldier Steven Green convicted in rape of Iraqi teen , murder of her family Green 's defense lawyers trying to spare their client the death penalty They argue nurse-practitioner failed to diagnose clear case of acute stress disorder Nurse testifies soldier interviews took place under difficult conditions in Iraq
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A man using a metal detector in a rural English field has uncovered the largest Anglo-Saxon gold hoard ever found -- an "  unprecedented " treasure that sheds new light on history , archaeologists said Thursday . A gold strip with a Biblical inscription was among the 1,500 pieces unearthed in an English field . The hoard includes 5 kilograms  11 pounds  of gold and 2.5 kilograms  5.5 pounds  of silver . That is more than three times the amount of gold found at Sutton Hoo , one of Britain 's most important Anglo-Saxon sites , said the local council in Staffordshire where the latest haul was found . It 's an "  incredible collection of material -- absolutely unprecedented , " said Kevin Leahy , an archaeologist with the Portable Antiquities Scheme , a voluntary group that records finds made by members of the public . "  We 've moved into new ground with this material . " Because the find is so large and important , experts have n't been able to say yet how much it is worth . They hope to make a valuation within 13 months , Staffordshire Council said . Watch report on discovered treasure " The hoard was discovered in July by Englishman Terry Herbert , who was using a metal detector he bought more than a decade ago in a jumble sale for only a few pounds  dollars  . He belongs to a local metal detecting club in Staffordshire and was just out enjoying his hobby when he made the find . There was so much gold at the site that Herbert said he was soon seeing it in his sleep . "  Imagine you 're at home and somebody just keeps putting money through your letterbox . That 's what it was like , " Herbert told Britain 's Press Association . "  As soon as I closed my eyes I saw gold patterns . I did n't think it was ever going to end . " Herbert found 500 items before he called in experts , who then found a further 800 articles in the soil . Officials are n't saying exactly where the gold was found , other than to say it was in Staffordshire , in north-central England . "  Pieces were just literally sat at the top of the soil , at the grass , " said Ian Wykes , of the county council . He said the hoard had been unearthed by recent plowing . Most of the pieces appear to date from the 7th century , though experts ca n't agree on when the hoard first entered the ground , Staffordshire Council said . The pieces are almost all war gear , Leahy said . There are very few dress fittings and no feminine dress fittings ; there are only two gold buckles , and they were probably used for harness armor , he said . Sword hilt fittings and pieces of helmets , all elaborately decorated , are among the more remarkable finds . "  The quantity of gold is amazing but , more importantly , the craftsmanship is consummate , " Leahy said . "  This was the very best that the Anglo-Saxon metalworkers could do , and they were very good . Tiny garnets were cut to shape and set in a mass of cells to give a rich , glowing effect ; it is stunning . " The items belonged to the elite -- aristocracy or royalty , he said , though it 's not clear who the original or final owners were , why they buried it , or when . "  It looks like a collection of trophies , but it is impossible to say if the hoard was the spoils from a single battle or a long and highly successful military career , " he said . More work will help determine how the hoard came to be buried in the field , Leahy said . Many of the objects are inlaid with garnets , which Leahy called "  stunning " and "  as good as it gets . " The filigree on the items is "  incredible , " he said . Some are decorated in an Anglo-Saxon style consisting of strange animals intertwined with each other . That decoration appears on what is believed to be the cheek-piece of a helmet , decorated with a frieze of running , interlaced animals . A strip of gold bearing a Biblical inscription in Latin is one of the most significant and controversial finds , Staffordshire Council said . One expert believes the lettering dates from the 7th or early 8th centuries , but another is sure it dates from the 8th or 9th centuries . The inscription , misspelled in places , is probably from the Book of Numbers and reads : "  Surge domine et dissipentur inimici tui et fugiant qui oderunt te a facie tua , " or "  Rise up , o Lord , and may thy enemies be dispersed , and let them that hate thee , flee from before thy face . " Regardless of the exact date , the hoard is certainly from a period of great turmoil , when kingdoms with tribal loyalties battled each other in a state of perpetual warfare , experts say . The land was also split along religious lines . Christianity was the principal religion , having gained ground at the expense of local pagan forms of worship , experts said . At least two crosses are among the items in the hoard . The largest is intact , though it has been folded , possibly to make it fit into a small space prior to burial , Staffordshire Council said . The folding may mean it was buried by pagans who had little respect for the Christian symbol , but it may have also been done by Christians who had taken it from someone else 's shrine , experts said . The hoard will likely help rewrite history , experts said . "  Earlier finds will be looked at in the context of what we find amongst this mass of material , " Leahy said . Said Leslie Webster , the former keeper of the Department of Prehistory and Europe at the British Museum , "  This is going to alter our perceptions of Anglo-Saxon England . " Excavation of the field where the hoard was found is now complete , and all items that were found are being held at the Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery . The most important objects will go on exhibit from Friday until October 13 , after which they will go to the British Museum in London for valuation . Once the items have been valued , Staffordshire Council said it hopes a selection of the pieces can go on temporary display at the Potteries Museum and Art Gallery in Stoke-on-Trent . Once the hoard is sold , the market value of the find will go to Herbert and the owner of the field where the hoard was discovered . The pair have agreed to split the amount .	Amateur metal detectorist found treasure in a field in Staffordshire , England Hoard described as the largest ever found , including more than 1,500 pieces Value of find said to be "  priceless , " team to assess collection over next year Hoard includes five kilograms of gold , 2.5 kilograms of silver , jeweled items
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani officials have arrested a suspect in connection with the gruesome 2002 beheading of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl . Qari Abdul Hayee is believed to be the one who facilitated Pearl 's kidnapping , a senior Pakistani official said . The official , who had direct knowledge of the arrest , did not want to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Pearl was kidnapped while researching a story in Karachi about Pakistani militants and the so-called "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid . He was later decapitated , and a video of his killing was sent to U.S. officials . The chilling video In addition to showing violent footage of Pearl 's death , the video also showed Pearl discussing his Jewish heritage and making propaganda statements , apparently under duress . The tape began with the correspondent saying , "  My name is Daniel Pearl . I 'm a Jewish-American . " "  My father is Jewish , my mother is Jewish . I am a Jew , " he said . Then , looking at the camera , he recounted numerous family visits to Israel and noted that a street in a town in Israel was named after his great-grandfather , who was one of the founders of the town . On the tape , the group that claimed responsibility for Pearl 's abduction -- the National Movement for the Restoration of Pakistan 's Sovereignty -- demanded that Pakistanis being held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , be released . The group also demanded an end to the U.S. presence in Pakistan end as well as the delivery of F-16 fighter jets , which Pakistan purchased from the United States but never received . Photos of hands backed up Pearl slaying confession , report finds The arrest Hayee was arrested Sunday in a paramilitary operation targeting militants in Karachi . "  It was a covert operation based on intelligence information , " the Pakistani official said . Troops also recovered weapons during the raid that netted Hayee , the official said . Other suspects Hayee joins several other suspects who have been arrested in connection with Pearl 's kidnapping and murder . Ahmad Omar Saeed Sheikh , a British-born Islamic militant , was sentenced to death by hanging by an anti-terrorism court in Hyderabad in connection with Pearl 's murder . Three accomplices received life sentences , which in Pakistan usually means 25 years . In 2003 , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- who is also a suspected mastermind of the 9/11 attacks on the United States -- was arrested in Pakistan and has confessed to killing Pearl . Federal agents backed up Mohammed 's confession by comparing photos of the veins in his hands and the vein patterns of an assailant in the video of Pearl 's killing , according to a report by Georgetown University students and faculty and the Center for Public Integrity . But Mohammed has not been charged in Pearl 's death . According to the report , U.S. officials decided against bringing charges in the Pearl case to avoid complicating Mohammed 's prosecution for the 9/11 attacks . Al Qaeda expert Rohan Gunaratna said Mohammed ordered Pearl 's death . "  Daniel Pearl was going in search of the al Qaeda network that was operational in Karachi , and it was at the instruction of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed that Daniel Pearl was killed , " Gunaratna said . Obama signs Daniel Pearl Freedom of the Press Act Words from his widow Pearl 's death should be a global wake-up call about "  a vast and international network of terrorists , " his widow said . "  I know Danny has not been defeated " by those who killed him , Mariane Pearl told CNN weeks after her husband 's death . "  His spirit , his faith and his conviction have not been defeated . " She said governments across the world must take responsibility for fighting terror and citizens should take an active role in considering their countries ' foreign policies . "  If people in the world do not realize that they 're not immune against this anymore , then nothing will , " she said . Mormon proxy baptism of Daniel Pearl draws family 's ire	Officials suspect Qari Abdul Hayee facilitated Daniel Pearl 's kidnapping The Wall Street Journal reporter was kidnapped and decapitated in 2002 A suspected 9/11 mastermind confessed to killing Pearl He was in Karachi researching a story about militants and terrorism
CNN  -- Wealthy wannabes and 24-carat gold millionaires mingled at the Billionaire Club 's Monaco Grand Prix after party , Sunday . Mercedes race winner Nico Rosberg will have found his name top of the guest list for the post-race poolside soiree at the Fairmont Hotel , which overlooks the circuit 's famous hairpin . The club , presided over by former Benetton and Renault team boss Flavio Briatore , is designed to serve up a neat cocktail of all that the Monte Carlo race weekend has come to represent -- racing , glamor , hedonism and wealth . "  This is a dream for lots of people for one night , " Briatore told CNN . "  The moment you 're in , you are a VIP for us . "  It makes no difference if you 're the top actor in America or wherever , for us everybody is the same . " Briatore 's Billionaire Life brand is selling a luxury lifestyle and the historic race around the principality -- a playground for the rich and famous -- is the perfect backdrop for some of the world 's estimated 1,645 billionaires to blow off steam . "  Billionaires and the ultra-wealthy cross the globe like migratory birds and Monaco is one of the key events , " David Friedman , president of wealth intelligence firm Wealth-X , explained to CNN . "  There is a cultural template in racing . If you contrast Formula One with Nascar for example , where the origins really came from running moonshine across State lines during the Prohibition , the DNA of F1 is so different . " Briatore agreed : "  Everybody wants to be at this race from the sponsors to the celebrities . The Billionaire Club is the center of this event , this party and all this celebrity . "  All the drivers are there Sunday night , " he promised . After attending Sunday 's royal grand prix gala dinner , hosted by Monaco 's Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene , Rosberg , who was raised in Monaco , might have opted to head home to his Monte Carlo pad for an early night . For others the midnight to dawn party at the Billionaire Grand Prix Gala kept on swinging . The evening promised world-famous DJs , special performances and inestimable bottles of champagne to quench the thirst of revelers . The Billionaire Club , which stages a four-day fiesta in Monaco , aims to emulate a billionaire lifestyle , but that does not mean you have to have billions in the bank to get in . "  If he 's a billionaire but he 's a billionaire that spends no money -- we are not interested ! " Briatore quipped . "  The name was a kind of provocative name so everyone can remember . You do n't need to be a billionaire . "  It is not a rip-off , it 's the same price as everything else in Monaco , nothing dramatic . " The club may not be for billionaires per se but it does have a minimum spending policy . The price starts from $ 4,000 for a standard table . The majority of tables at the Monaco event are reserved for Billionaire Club members and returning guests with 10 % held back for what Briatore describes as "  last-minute friends . " The club also has another reputation , also synonymous with F1 , for attracting beautiful girls . It employs 20 girls to act as ambassadors , welcoming guests and circulating on the dance floor . The 64-year-old is almost as famous for dating supermodels -- he counts Heidi Klum and Naomi Campbell among his exes -- as he is for his motorsport career . "  Last year , the DJ told me that he 'd never seen so many good-looking girls and good-looking guys in one club in his life ! " Briatore proudly explained . But are looks really another prerequisite for the Billionaire Club 's Monaco guests ? "  I do n't care about physically beautiful if people dress up elegant , " said Briatore , who gained early success franchising Benetton clothing stores in the U.S. "  If somebody is tall , somebody is short , somebody is fat , somebody is skinny ... the people try their best to look very , very good . People dress up . " The Monaco GP may be a honey pot for the beautiful and famous -- Star Wars creator George Lucas , actor Benedict Cumberbatch and pop sensation Justin Bieber all turned up for the race -- but it is wealth and influence that grease the wheels of F1 . Powerful global brands such as Red Bull , Mercedes , Hugo Boss , Tag Heur and Shell are intrinsic to the millions and millions of dollars required to run an F1 team . The 19 grands prix on the sport 's globetrotting calendar can be as significant as boardrooms for striking business deals . "  So many of the sport 's sponsors are high end brands , " explains Friedman . "  F1 has created this whole ecosystem of luxury brands , investors , ultra-wealthy individuals and fast cars . " Most members of the Billionaire Club just want to have fun into the small hours but some will undoubtedly be mixing business with pleasure in Monaco . "  We do n't ask what their job is , " says Briatore of the estimated 4,000 guests who attended his bash in Monte Carlo . "  Sure it 's a lot of business people and a lot of wealthy people . "  There are multiple languages spoken in the Billionaire Club with international people from China , America , Italy and Poland -- it 's crazy . " Movers and shakers do not have it all their own way in Monaco . Believe it or not , it is possible to party in Monte Carlo on a budget . When the race is run , partygoers can simply carry a bottle of beer and a fromage baguette straight on the circuit , raising a toast to the race winner at the Rascasse corner or along the rim of Hercule harbor . Even high roller Briatore recognizes there is a market for the billionaire lifestyle on a budget . For the 2014 Monaco Grand Prix , he launched Twiga Monte Carlo , a lounge bar , club and restaurant , with an open door policy and free entry to most of its events . "  Everybody wants to be a billionaire for one night , " he declared . "  Including me ! " Interactive : CNN 's guide to the 2014 Formula One season	Formula One 's Monaco Grand Prix is a heady mix of racing and wealth Former team owner Flavio Briatore presides over Monte Carlo 's Billionaire Club The club hosted an after party following Nico Rosberg 's victory in Sunday 's race Many racegoers prefer to take a beer onto the famous track once the race has finished
CNN  -- "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is preparing to get back to work . According to The Hollywood Reporter , J.J. Abrams ' project is set to resume filming later this month after taking a two week break to allow Harrison Ford time to recover from an injury . ` Star Wars ' cast gets two unknowns , takes break while Harrison Ford heals Ford , 72 , broke his left leg in an on-set accident in June . He underwent surgery and then entered rehab , and was recently seen walking the carpet at the "  Expendables 3 " movie premiere in Los Angeles . Harrison Ford broke leg in ` Star Wars ' set mishap That said , THR notes that it 's unclear if Ford is yet ready to return to London for filming . The actor is reprising his role of Han Solo in the project , which also features "  Star Wars " actors Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill and a healthy number of newcomers . "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is set to bow on December 18 , 2015 .	"  Star Wars : Episode VII " is reportedly set to resume filming It 's expected to pick back up later this month The movie took a two-week break to let Harrison Ford heal from an on-set injury
David C. Novak became chairman of the board at Yum ! Brands on January 1 , 2001 , and chief executive officer on January 1 , 2000 . Yum ! Brands 's CEO , David Novak talks to CNN 's Maggie Lake in The Boardroom . He also serves as president of Yum , a position he has held since October 21 , 1997 . Mr. Novak previously served as Group President and Chief Executive Officer , KFC and Pizza Hut from August 1996 to July 1997 , at which time he became acting Vice Chairman of Yum . He is a director of J.P. Morgan Chase . Novak is a member of the Yum ! Brands Executive committee . In his spare time Novak is a keen golfer and has even played a round with golf legend Tiger Woods . E-mail to a friend	David Novak was made CEO of Yum ! Brands in January 2000 He is a director of Global financial services firm J.P. Morgan Chase A keen golfer , Novak has teed off with Tiger Woods
CNN  -- Ok , people , let 's say it all together again : If it looks too good to be true , it probably is . That video of an eagle swooping down to pick up a baby ? Fake ! That eHarmony bio of a woman sobbing hysterically about how much she just LOVES cats ? Fake ! And , as if you needed more proof , there 's this now : the worst twerk fail EVER was actually an awesome staged fail ! You have to have seen the video . It got more than 9 million views in less than a week . It starts off normal : A girl twerking in a cozy living room , her back turned to us . Then she gets creative . After all , she notes , it was meant for her boyfriend . She props herself upside down against a door and puts on some pretty impressive moves . But in walks her roommate through the door . The girl crashes into a coffee table . The lit candles on said table lights her pants on fire . She screams . We laugh . Fake ! Monday night , talk show host Jimmy Kimmel had the girl on his show where the pair offered up the big reveal -- the rest of the video . As the girl is screaming , Kimmel , wearing an identical pink T-shirt , rushes in , fire extinguisher in hand . He puts out the fire , then flashes a thumbs up at the camera . The girl 's real name is not Caitlin Heller , but rather Daphne Avalon . She 's a stuntwoman . The video was shot two months ago , Kimmel said . The show did n't post it on its YouTube page or tweet it out . It just "  let the magic happen , " he said . And boy , did it work ! Kimmel then showed a montage of the dozens of shows that aired the video , including CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " The video also appeared on CNN.com . "  Good thing nothing is happening in Syria right now , " Kimmel quipped . He said he hoped the video would stop twerking forever . If only .	The twerking video was actually a stunt for the Jimmy Kimmel show The show shot it two months ago The girl in the video is a stunt woman
EW.com  -- Some day , someone will figure out how to parlay 's Jeff Probst 's talent for talk into something that does n't involve a deserted island : CBS Television Distribution today decided to not go forward with a second season of his daytime talk show . "  We believe Jeff is an incredible talent , and that he and his dedicated producing team delivered quality episodes throughout the season , " according to a studio statement . "  Unfortunately , the audience is n't there to support a second year . We are grateful to the entire staff , our affiliate partners and advertisers for their ongoing support of The Jeff Probst Show . Production and broadcast of original episodes will continue through the current season . " Seth MacFarlane/Oscars : EW 's new cover Added Probst in a statement : "  I 'm super bummed but extremely proud . The truth is all shows come to an end . Ours just ended a decade sooner than we had hoped . " Jason Isaacs cast as CBS ' ` Surgeon General ' The news comes a week after Twentieth Television decided to pull the plug on Ricki Lake 's freshman talk show , which also failed to garner enough ratings for a second season . One other new talk show will see another year : Katie Couric 's show has been renewed . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jeff Probst 's talk show will not get a second season Probst said in a statement he was "  super bummed " The news comes a week after Ricki Lake 's talk show was canceled
CNN  -- You already have your next credit card . It 's sitting in your front pocket . People have possessed the ability to spend and send money with their smartphones for years , but mobile payments have yet to take off in a big way . Plastic and cash are still the preferred modes of buying stuff -- by a long shot . But four recent events suggest that mobile payments are about to take off in a big way . 1 . This week , investors pumped $ 150 million into Square , the mobile-payments company that lets people turn their smartphones into virtual cash registers . The investment values the company at $ 6 billion . 2 . Last week , eBay opted to spin off payments service PayPal . A big part of the reason : PayPal has been held back by its parent company , and the move is expected to free PayPal to increase its mobile payments presence . 3 . Facebook is experimenting with a one-touch payments system , and this week TechCrunch reported that Facebook is about to release a peer-to-peer money transfer feature in its Messenger app . 4 . And then there 's the big kahuna : Apple Pay . Set to be released later this month , Apple Pay will let iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users make payments at participating retailers simply by using their phones ' fingerprint scanner then holding the phone up to a scanner . Retailers who have already signed up include Bloomingdale 's , Macy 's , McDonald 's , Staples , Walgreens and Whole Foods Market . More than 70 % of U.S. adults have smartphones , and more than one in five have already used a "  mobile wallet " in the past 90 days , according to Mary Monahan , executive vice president and research director at Javelin Strategy . More than half of mobile purchasers bought physical goods with their phones . The trend lines are clear . And as more apps and smartphones push mobile payments , consumers will become increasingly willing to ditch plastic for their phones . "  Recent history would dictate that pretty much anything that has required a physical world medium for delivery -- CDs , film cameras , the Encyclopedia Britannica -- have been all but replaced by a digital equivalent , " said Nick Holland , a senior analyst at Javelin Strategy . What 's not clear is which form of mobile payments will become dominant . Square , for instance , is hedging its bets by selling a credit card reader and a mobile app that lets you pay without taking your card out of your wallet . Although the company was a mobile-payments innovator , products like Apple 's could make its most visible product , a reader for credit cards , obsolete . "  This wo n't happen for many years , but in a new world where Apple Pay is seen as the shiniest new thing -- where the plastic cards have the ability to be physically removed from the payment process -- Square has lost quite a lot of its sheen , " Holland said . Monahan said she believes mobile users up to age 45 will make the transition to mobile payments relatively seamlessly . As to the others , she expects the transition to be slower , but to eventually come the same way other digital adoptions have -- with a nudge from the younger folks around them . "  Most likely , it will be the sons and daughters who sweet talk and cajole the parents ... " she said . " Dad -- I need the tuition check now , please . Just send it to me using mobile P2P . " "  That 's how teens got parents to text -- just so parents could talk to their teens on the phone , they learned in self-defense . Now it 's the next step . "	Experts say mobile-phone payments may be here to stay Leader Square is now valued at $ 6 billion Apple made a big splash with planned Apple Pay system Partners with Apple include Bloomingdale 's , McDonald 's , Whole Foods
CNN  -- A man who was sexually abused by former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky has settled his civil suit against the university -- the first to do so , his lawyer said . During Sandusky 's trial last year , the man was known as Victim 5 . Victim 5 's lawyer , Tom Kline , said the settlement terms are bound by a confidentiality agreement with the school , but that "  the compensation was fair and adequate . " "  My client is relieved , " Kline told CNN . "  This has been a long process . There has been for him a very public reliving of horror he experienced as a child . " Sandusky , 69 , was convicted in June 2012 on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse . He was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison . At the sentencing , Victim 5 told the court Sandusky 's punishment "  will never erase what he did to me . " "  It will never make me whole , " he said . "  He must pay for his crimes , take into account the tears , the pain , the private anguish . " ` Because of you , I trust no one ' The university still faces 30 other suits . It has set aside $ 60 million for payouts . Kline said 25 or 26 of the suits are expected to be settled in the next week or two . Penn State sent a statement to CNN saying , "  The University continues to make progress on multiple settlements but does not have a comment at this time . " Kline called the settlement involving Victim 5 "  win , win . " Penn State , he said , has accepted "  responsibility " and "  has earned a right to move forward . " Kline said Victim 5 has agreed to bring no further claims against the school as part of the deal . Matt Sandusky files motion to have name changed The abuse Sandusky sexually assaulted Victim 5 in August 2001 , six months after then-graduate assistant Michael McQueary walked in on Sandusky raping a boy in a campus shower -- and reported it to college officials . Victim 5 was also assaulted in Penn State showers , Kline said . During Sandusky 's sentencing , Victim 5 told the court he will never forget the image of Sandusky "  forcing himself on me and forcing my hand on him . " Sandusky 's life in prison At least three of Sandusky 's known victims were abused after 2001 , according to testimony at last year 's trial of the former Nittany Lions defensive coordinator . The victims have sued the school , saying it knew about the abuse but did n't act on that knowledge . Opinion : Sandusky sentence does n't bring instant justice The fallout The sex abuse scandal led to the 2011 firing of Penn State 's head football coach , Joe Paterno , and the ouster of the university 's longtime president Graham Spanier . Paterno died last year of lung cancer . Last month , a judge ruled that Spanier and two senior administrators will face trial on obstruction of justice and other charges related to the scandal . State prosecutors allege that Spanier , former Athletic Director Tim Curley and former Senior Vice President Gary Schultz all knew about two allegations made against Sandusky in 1998 and in 2001 , but lied about their knowledge when a grand jury convened several years later . Ex-university officials accused of ` conspiracy of silence ' All three men have pleaded not guilty to the charges against them . Victim 5 might testify in their trials , his lawyer said . He was assaulted shortly after the incident McQueary witnessed in the same location -- an act that could have been prevented had proper reporting taken place , Kline said . "  The incident that involved my client could have and should have been stopped , " Kline said . Attorneys for the three claim there is no evidence of a cover-up . Yet prosecutors characterized their actions as a conscious decision not to call police . "  There was a conspiracy of silence , " prosecutor Bruce Beemer said during the July hearing . "  They are not relieved of criminal responsibility because their conspiracy worked for 10 years . " Sandusky attempts to discredit witness from prison CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim 5 was assaulted in the shower 6 months after the witnessed assault , lawyer says The university faces 30 other suits It has set aside $ 60 million for payouts Victim 5 : Sandusky 's punishment "  will never erase what he did to me "
CNN  -- FBI agents Monday raided a rural Georgia peanut butter plant suspected as the source of a nationwide salmonella outbreak , a CNN affiliate reported . The Food and Drug Administration launched a probe of Peanut Corporation of America on January 30 . The Peanut Corporation of America plant in Blakely , Georgia , was sealed off by federal authorities Monday morning , WALB reported . The company is accused of knowingly shipping tainted products now linked to nearly 600 illnesses , including eight deaths , in 43 states . The recent outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in U.S. history , encompassing more than 1,000 products . The Food and Drug Administration 's Office of Criminal Investigations launched a probe of the company on January 30 . Previously , the Peanut Corporation of America had said said it shipped products only after subsequent tests came back negative for salmonella . Representatives from the company have not returned repeated calls from CNN .	Peanut Corporation of America plant is accused of knowingly shipping tainted goods Those goods are linked to nearly 600 illnesses , including eight deaths , in 43 states The outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in U.S. history
CNN  -- A suicide bomber attack at a mosque in Indonesia killed one person and injured several others during Friday prayers , police said . The attack occurred in a mosque that is inside a police station in the city of Cirebon , said Boy Rafli Amar , a National Police spokesman said . The person killed was the bomber , police said . Scores were injured in the blast , the spokesman said .	The attack occurs in the city of Cirebon Scores are injured in the blast , police say
CNN  -- Spanish Primera Liga big-spenders Real Madrid have pruned their squad after their summer transfer splurge by completing the sales of Dutchmen Arjen Robben to Bayern Munich and Wesley Sneijder to Inter Milan . Arjen Robben  left  meets his new coach Louis van Gaal after completing his move to Bayern Munich . Robben , 25 , has moved to the Bundesliga for an undisclosed fee on a four-year contract , while Sneijder has joined the Italian Serie A champions also on a four-year contract for a reported 15 million euros  $ 22m  . Both players will wear the number 10 jerseys for their new clubs . Robben could make his debut in Saturday 's mouth-watering clash with German champions Wolfsburg , with Bayern coach Louis van Gaal telling the club 's official Web site : "  I am very happy to have another creative player . Arjen is a very explosive player . " Robben said Bayern had "  given me a good feeling " from the moment they first signalled their interest in signing him . "  I feel very welcome here , " he told the club 's Web site . "  This is a big club with a great history and I am delighted to be here now . " Robben 's chances of being a regular in Real 's star-studded side appeared to have reduced when Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka were both signed this summer , but the former Chelsea winger still seemed keen to stay at the Bernabeu . That was until Bayern firmed up their interest and offered him the opportunity to play on a more regular basis . "  Everything went so quickly , " he revealed . "  There were a few things that I had to consider and in the end I decided that I would like to transfer to a big club like FC Bayern . " While , Bayern were parading their new signing , Sneijder , also 25 , was being introduced to the Italian media after finalizing his move Sneijder joined Madrid in 2007 after five years with Ajax , and in his first season in Spain helped his new club win the Primera Division title . The two Dutchmen are the latest in a long line of players to leave Madrid this summer in the wake of the club 's phenomenal spending spree that has seen them splash out over 250 million euros  $ 357m  on players such as Ronaldo , Kaka , Karim Benzema and Xavi Alonso . Aside from Sneijder and Robben , fellow-Dutchman Klaas Jan Huntelaar has been sold to AC Milan , Alvaro Negredo has joined Sevilla , while the likes of Javier Saviola , Michel Salgado , Gabriel Heinze , Fabio Cannavaro and Javi Garcia have also bid farewell to Madrid this summer . Meanwhile , it has been another busy day of transfer activity in the English Premier League with plenty of deals going through . Everton have completed the signing of Portsmouth defender Sylvain Distin on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee . The 31-year-old Frenchman will replace Joleon Lescott in the center of the Merseyside club 's defence , following the England international 's protracted sale to Manchester City . Meanwhile , Portsmouth , who have seen a host of top players leave this summer culminating in Distin 's exit , have gone some way to restoring the depth of their squad by bringing in a remarkable four players on a hectic day at Fratton Park . Midfielder Michael Brown , 32 , has joined from Wigan for an undisclosed fee while two players have joined on loan ; Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara and Ivorian striker Aruna Dindane from Lens with a view to a permanent move . Meanwhile , O'Hara 's Tottenham team-mate Kevin-Prince Boateng -- who spent last season on loan at Borussia Dortmund -- has also joined Portsmouth on a three-year contract for a fee of $ 6.5 m . The 22-year-old German midfielder has failed to establish himself at White Hart Lane since joining from Hertha Berlin in 2007 . Sunderland have completed their sixth signing of the summer with the capture of Lyon 's Ghanaian international defender John Mensah on a season-long loan with a view to a permanent deal . Elsewhere , West Ham have completed the signing of highly-rated striker Alessandro Diamanti from Serie A side Livorno for an undisclosed fee . Diamanti , 26 , has penned a five-year contract at Upton Park after agreeing personal terms and passing a medical -- while Stoke have completed the signing of Turkish international striker Tuncay Sanli from Middlesbrough , the day after swooping for German defender Roberth Huth from the same club . In other transfer news , striker Vagner Love has joined former club Palmeiras on loan from CSKA Moscow until summer 2010 . The 25-year-old Brazilian joined CSKA from Palmeiras in 2004 and established himself as a firm favorite in the Russian capital -- scoring 61 goals in 118 appearances , winning two Russian titles and a UEFA Cup winners ' medal in the process .	Real Madrid complete sale of Dutchmen Arjen Robben and Wesley Sneijder Robben completes transfer to Bayern Munich while Sneijder joins Inter Milan Everton complete swoop for defender Sylvain Distin on a busy day of transfers
CNN  -- Dressed modestly , with a red headscarf loosely draped over her head and shoulders , she steps onto the stage and nervously paces back and forth . Waiting for the music to begin and break the silence , she almost misses her first note before quietly singing into the microphone . Her voice chokes when one of four judges turns his chair to face her ; she awkwardly bows her head and smiles . But she sings more confidently when the sole female judge turns around a few minutes later . The singer is through to the next stage . In a country ranked by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll as the most dangerous place in the world for women in 2011 , what Shabana Faryad did was brave . Very brave . Faryad was the only female contestant to have auditioned for the first series of "  The Voice of Afghanistan " last year . And the claps and cheers that loudly resounded throughout the studio came from an audience of men . Aryana Sayeed -- a popular Afghan singer who was a judge on the show -- said she turned her chair around purely because the contestant was a woman . "  I had to do it , " she said . "  She at least had the courage to come along , to step onto the stage . " But Sayeed says her own appearance on the show put her life at risk . Dressed in fashionable , figure-hugging attire , certain religious hard liners were angered by the fact that her wardrobe lacked one item : a headscarf . In the view of her critics , women should be covered and compliant . As a result , Sayeed says mullahs threatened her with death . "  They said that whoever kills this singer would go to heaven , " she recalls . "  It was getting really difficult , I could n't go anywhere . I was basically a prisoner in my hotel room , I had bodyguards with me all the time . " Sayeed , 28 , was born and raised in Kabul and left at the age of eight with her parents and five sisters for Pakistan , where she lived for a few years before heading to Switzerland . She eventually settled in London in 2000 . War and violence forced her family to flee Afghanistan . "  All I have seen and have grown up with is war , guns and problems , " she says , recalling an incident when a rocket hit a tree in her garden in the early hours of the morning while she and her family were sleeping . "  We used to hear the gunshots all the time , it had become so normal , " Sayeed says . "  You heard them while you were just sitting there talking and it did n't even scare you . I remember all that when I was a child . " At the age of 24 , after convincing her family to allow her to pursue a career as a singer -- a profession which she says is looked down upon for Afghan women -- Sayeed rose to fame in her homeland and travelled back and forth for television appearances and concerts . She released ` Lady of the Land of Fire , ' her first female-empowerment song , last year . It opens with provocative scenes of the violence and oppression experienced by Afghan women . "  Who says I am a mother to this world ? " Sayeed sings . "  I am nothing but a burden on the son 's shoulders , I am a slave because I am a wife , I am a headache when I am a sister . " The video , shot on the streets of Kabul , was released during the time when the singer was receiving death threats . Softly spoken yet self-assured , Sayeed says she is targeted because of her openness about women 's rights and not just because of how she dresses . "  If I just did my concerts and my music , most of these extremists would not have cared so much as they are caring right now . " She also feels her aims are misinterpreted and that women should have the freedom to choose how they dress . "  When I talk about freedom and women 's rights , it 's not that you have to take your scarves off . I never say that . My mum wears a scarf and I respect that . " The gallery at the top of this page shows the contrast between Afghanistan , past and present : during the 1950s to 1970s , women could walk the streets in skirts and high heels -- a far cry from the usual burqa-clad images which circulate today . "  My mum was somebody who had chosen to wear a scarf , whereas my auntie would wear short skirts , " recalls Sayeed . "  They were free to do whatever they wanted ... My aunt is now having to cover up . She even has to cover up the new generation , her children , even more than her . It 's unbelievable . " Sayeed is reminded of a story another aunt told her , about how she was walking down the street wearing a burqa and white slippers . Members of the Taliban , in power from 1994 to 2001 , saw her and beat her -- for wearing the color of their flag on her feet . "  This was a 60-year-old woman who had the freedom , when she was young , to go to school , work , have a normal life . And now , even though she was wearing a burqa , they picked on her because of her shoes . " Sayeed says she regularly receives a barrage of abusive messages on her Facebook page , criticizing her for dressing liberally . But she is driven by those who value her work , especially girls and women who write appreciative letters and embrace her after concerts . However , there are some fans she is particularly concerned about : after holding a ladies-only concert a couple of months ago , she received messages pleading for help . She says mullahs had seen clips of a group of females attending the show -- and labelled them as whores . "  They were so scared ; they only came out -LSB- to the concert -RSB- because of me , " Sayeed says . Despite the singer 's efforts to reply and offer help , she has not heard back from them . "  It 's something that 's stuck in my mind . " She pauses , her voice slightly breaking . "  I 'm thinking about it all the time . " But Afghanistan has seen some advances . Women appearing on TV were forbidden under Taliban rule : times have changed with shows like "  The Voice . " Women also have a say in the current presidential elections . Their right to vote was reinstated after U.S. and allied military toppled the Taliban in 2001 . "  To other people it 's just an election , but it 's such an emotional time for me , " says Sayeed , "  looking at these women voting with ink on their fingers and so much passion and hope . They have a choice to choose a leader now , before it was never the case . " Personal reasons may stop her from participating as a judge on season two of "  The Voice , " set to run soon , she explains . But she asserts that the threats have not disheartened her . Her next single , "  Champion , " will be released this year and bears another powerful message on women 's rights . "  Champion is about , no matter what you say to me , no matter what you do to me , I 'm not going to give up . " Fact is , there is n't much that can stop Sayeed from carrying out her advocacy , which she feels is her duty to her fellow Afghan women . "  For me , since I 've been travelling to Afghanistan , seen the women , heard the stories , seen the country from close , it has affected me so much . It has become my number one priority , more than anything else , even my music . And I 'm going to carry on doing it . "	Popular Afghan singer Aryana Sayeed has received death threats for dressing liberally Sayeed says she 's targeted for advocating women 's rights A poll ranked Afghanistan as the most dangerous place in the world for women in 2011 In the 1950s to 1970s , however , Afghan women could walk the streets in skirts and heels
CNN  -- The pilot who made a treacherous crash-landing on New York 's Hudson River look like a routine maneuver got a hero 's welcome Saturday in his California hometown . Chesley B. Sullenberger was honored Saturday with a celebration in his hometown of Danville , California . Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger put his US Airways jetliner down on the Hudson minutes after both engines failed , then walked the length of the drifting Airbus A320 twice to make certain that all 155 people on board got off safely . He was greeted by several thousand cheering people gathered around the town square in Danville , California , for a celebration in his honor . Mayor Newell Arnerich presented Sullenberger with a ceremonial key to the city , an upscale suburb near San Francisco . Sullenberger , who has avoided public comment since the January 15 incident , made very brief remarks . He thanked the crowd for an "  incredible outpouring of support . " "  Circumstance determined that it was this experienced crew that was scheduled to fly on that particular flight on that particular day , " Sullenberger said . "  But I know I can speak for the entire crew when I tell you we were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do . Thank you . " Watch Sullenberger address the crowd " Sullenberger 's wife , Lorrie , fought back tears as she spoke of her husband . "  I have always known him to be an exemplary pilot . I knew what the outcome would be that day , because I knew my husband , " she said . "  Mostly for me , he 's the man that makes my cup of tea every morning . " Investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board continue to piece together details from the double engine failure that hit the plane after it took off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport for Charlotte , North Carolina . The jet 's left engine , which apparently tore away from the plane on landing impact , was raised from the bottom of the Hudson on Friday . Sullenberger reported to air controllers that his plane had hit birds shortly before both engines shut down . On Saturday , the NTSB said a preliminary examination of the left engine found evidence of "  soft body impact damage , " the same kind of damage reported on the right engine . An NTSB spokesman said that there was no evidence of organic material such as a dead bird in the left engine but that was not surprising because the engine had been under water for a week . Although the NTSB has not officially confirmed reports of a bird strike , the agency 's findings and statements have not done anything to discount the bird-strike reports . Both engines will be shipped to the manufacturer in Ohio , where NTSB investigators will tear them down completely for examination .	NEW : Left engine shows evidence of "  soft body impact damage , " NTSB says Thousands greet US Airways pilot in Danville , California "  We were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do , " he says Investigators continue to piece together what happened
CNN  -- The first frantic call comes from the school secretary inside the main building . "  Sandy Hook school , " she says . "  I think there 's somebody shooting in here . In Sandy Hook school . " "  OK , what makes you think that ? " the dispatcher asks . "  Because somebody has a gun . I saw a glimpse of somebody running down the hallway . " "  OK ... " "  They 're still running , they 're still shooting , " the caller exclaims . "  Sandy Hook school please ! " For victims ' families , Sandy Hook 911 calls reopen wounds Audio recordings of 911 calls released Wednesday -- nearly one year after the second-deadliest shooting in U.S. history -- offered a glimpse into the horror that day last December at Sandy Hook Elementary School . The recording also revealed the composure of the 911 dispatchers who received the first calls for help . Town dispatchers are heard calmly responding to tense calls from school staff . Dispatchers assure them help is on the way and ask about the children . Staff members are told to stay inside the school and to take cover . Gunfire is heard in at least two of the calls . The December 14 , 2012 , massacre left 20 first-graders and six school employees dead , and galvanized calls for stricter gun control throughout the nation . The first 911 call was made about 9:35 a.m. -- with the first police officers arriving at the school less than four minutes later , investigators said . The shooter , Adam Lanza , 20 , shot himself less than five minutes after that call . An investigative report released last month described Lanza , a former Sandy Hook student , as an antisocial young man obsessed with mass killings . Police said Lanza shot his mother , Nancy , sometime between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m. , using a .22 - caliber rifle . Then Lanza got into his car and drove a few miles to the school -- armed with a Bushmaster rifle , a Glock 10-millimeter pistol , a Sig Sauer 9-millimeter pistol and a large supply of ammunition , investigators said . Lanza shot open the glass window on the lobby door at the school . CNN Poll : Support for stricter gun control fades The second call comes from school custodian Rick Thorne . "  I believe there 's shooting at the front glass , " Thorne says . "  There something going on . " "  Okay I want you to stay on the line with me , " the dispatcher counsels . "  Where are you in the school ? "  I am down the corridor . " "  All right I want you to take cover ... All right , get everybody you can going down there . " "  The front glass is all shot out ... " " ... What about the students in the building ? " "  Everything is locked up as far as I know . " The dispatcher keeps his composure as the staff member reports that the shooting is continuing . "  No it 's still going on , " the custodian reports . "  I ca n't get over there . " "  I do n't want you to go over there . I want to know what 's happening with the students , though ... Do you see anything or hear anything more ? " "  I keep hearing shooting , " the custodian says . "  I keep hearing popping ! " The release of the 911 details Wednesday involved calls made on landlines from the school to police in Newtown . Other calls , including those routed to other law enforcement agencies , were not part of the release . Last week , Connecticut Superior Court Judge Eliot Prescott upheld the Connecticut Freedom of Information Commission 's ruling to release calls related to the shooting . A state attorney had tried to block the release to shield the victims ' families ; the Associated Press had challenged authorities ' refusal to release the 911 tapes . Wednesday 's release , which was supervised by town attorneys , came in the wake of local opposition , and the judge 's ruling . And the release left news organizations with hard choices difficult about what to broadcast from the events of a shattering day in the lives of a small , quiet town and an entire nation . Neil Heslin , whose 6-year-old son Jesse Lewis was killed in the rampage , has listened to parts of the 911 tapes . "  I wish they were n't released . It 's just a sad reminder of what happened , and clearly the day is etched in my mind , " he told CNN 's Piers Morgan . The shooter 's aunt , Marsha Lanza , questioned the timing of the release so close to the one-year anniversary . "  I think emotions are very raw and  it 's  too soon , " she said . "  I really believe they needed to wait . " Media outlets cautious as Newtown 911 recordings released Investigators have said that Lanza entered the school and moved down the hallway . His first victims were Principal Dawn Hochsprung and school psychologist Mary Sherlach , who had heard glass shattering and "  loud banging , " according to the report . They went into the hallway , with Hochsprung warning a third staff member to "  Stay put ! " Both were shot to death . The staff member was also shot but survived and called 911 . At one point , a female dispatcher tells her colleagues of the mass shooting : "  Guys , we got a shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown ! That 's why 911 is ringing off the hook . " Another dispatcher handles a call from a man inside the school . "  There 's still shooting going on . Please ! " the caller exclaims . A banging sound is heard . "  What about injuries at this time ? " "  I do n't know of any injuries right now . " "  OK , " a dispatcher is heard telling a colleague , "  I need you to call state police ... " A gunshot blast is heard . "  It 's still , still going on ! " the male caller says . A teacher calls from her classroom . "  It sounds like there are gunshots in the hallway , " she says . "  OK , do you have everyone in the classroom and the door is locked ? " the dispatcher asks calmly . "  All of my students , the door is not locked yet . I have to go ... I have to go lock the door ... " "  Keep everybody calm , keep everybody down . Get everybody away from the windows , OK ? " Some staff members took shelter in the school 's main office as Lanza moved toward two classrooms where he killed 20 children and four adults . Others protected and tried to calm their students . "  In fewer than 11 minutes , 20 first-grade pupils and six adults had lost their lives , " the report said . The killings in Newtown , about 60 miles outside New York , happened less than five months after a similar bloodbath at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , outside Denver . Those mass slayings triggered a nationwide debate over gun violence , school safety and mental health , a debate that produced some new restrictions on firearms in several states . A backlash by gun-rights advocates followed A new CNN/ORC International survey found that 49 % of Americans say they support stricter gun control laws , with 50 % opposed . The 49 % support is down six percentage points from the 55 % who said they backed stricter gun control in CNN polling from January , just a few weeks after the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School Sandy Hook killer took motive to his grave Nearly a year after Sandy Hook , nation remains torn about what to do next CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's a sad reminder of what happened , " the father of a 6-year-old victim says "  There 's still shooting going on . Please ! " a school caller tells 911 dispatcher 911 calls offer chilling glimpse into Sandy Hook school massacre The 2012 shooting left 26 people dead , including 20 children
CNN  -- Two young news anchors for Russia 's RT television network -- both Americans -- have blasted Moscow 's military intervention in Ukraine , and their editor-in-chief claims the announcements , and the "  mainstream media 's " reaction to them , are part of a media war . "  We 've got a genuine war going on , " Margarita Simonyan , RT 's editor-in-chief , wrote on RT 's website . "  No , thank God , it 's not in Crimea . It 's a media war . " Sitting behind the RT anchor desk on Wednesday , Washington-based Liz Wahl told the audience she "  could not be part of a network funded by the Russian government that whitewashes the actions of  President Vladimir  Putin , " adding "  I 'm proud to be an American and believe in disseminating the truth , and that is why after this newscast I am resigning . " The day before , Abby Martin announced on air , "  I ca n't say enough how strongly I am against any state intervention in a sovereign nation 's affairs ... what Russia did is wrong . " Martin , however , did not resign and criticized "  mainstream media " for ignoring her previous criticism of U.S. military action in other countries . RT called Wahl 's action a "  self-promotional stunt " and , commenting on Martin 's move , said RT staff members are free to express their views . The public criticism of Putin 's actions on Ukraine is an embarrassment for RT , but Simonyan is rallying her journalists for a war , which , she believes , is directed by the American government with its foot soldiers being the American media . "  The storm of articles posted about RT over the last couple of days -- literally tons of printed copy -- looks as if it were written to dictation , " she wrote . "  Hardly any respectable media outlet refrained from lambasting and lynching RT journalists in articles or reports . " Simonyan works for RT , she said , because , "  It 's my country . There is no other choice for me . " Depicting itself as an "  alternative " voice is part of RT 's marketing strategy . Organized in 2005 as an international TV news channel funded by the Russian government , its original name was "  Russia Today " and its early mission was to inform the world about events and life in Russia . That strategy , an RT editor told me bluntly a year ago , "  was a mistake , really , " because few people around the world are that interested in Russia . The network soon lost its Russian image , re-branding itself as "  RT , " its English-language broadcasts featuring young Americans , and concentrating largely on American news . RT now has 2,500 employees , including editorial , technical and support staff , and five stations : RT International , RT America  English language  , RT Arabic , RT Spanish and RT Documentary . This spring RT is launching its own video agency in Berlin to compete with Reuters and APTN . In an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday , Wahl said that , in its reports on the Ukraine crisis , "  RT is not about the truth . It 's about promoting a Putinist agenda , and I can tell you firsthand , it 's also about bashing America . " The editorial policy is set by its senior Russian editors . "  Middle-management , " she said , "  is American , and their role is to make sure we 're in line . " A senior staff member at RT insists the staff decides RT 's editorial policy , not the Russian government , and compares RT with the BBC , France 24 , Deutsche Welle , and other state-funded news outlets . Russia , that staff member says , must constantly fight the Cold War image of the "  evil Empire , " and that could take years to overcome . Dmitri Trenin , an expert from the Carnegie Moscow Center who served in the Soviet and Russian military for more than 20 years , says RT 's approach differs significantly from news broadcasting in the Soviet Union . "  The Soviet system of propaganda talked about Russia . They had Russian announcers , by and large , and they tried to project Soviet ideas , Soviet ideology , Soviet experience . " "  This time there 's nothing to project , they do n't care about it . What they do care about is introducing themselves in the Western media world and challenging the established truths and half-truths of the Western media , of the Western World . It 's not about Russia . " Meanwhile , in an ironic bit of timing , the "  Russia Today " name is back again . In a bombshell announcement in late December , President Putin issued a decree creating an international broadcasting entity to carry Russia 's views to the world , to be called "  Russia Today . " He also liquidated two Soviet-era media outlets , RIA Novosti news agency and Russia Today international radio . Details of the new agency 's structure and mission are expected any day . For the past 20 years , since the collapse of the Soviet Union , Russia has been struggling to project its ideas to the world . The Sochi Olympics and its opening ceremony were a major step in Putin 's revamping of Russia 's image . Now , with the new "  Russia Today , " he will have both the message -- and the medium -- to present it . His actions in Ukraine , however , are likely , at a minimum , to overshadow the birth of that new agency and , more likely , tarnish it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jill Dougherty .	One RT anchor quits and another criticizes Moscow 's intervention in Ukraine Jill Dougherty notes that RT editor said "  mainstream media " in war with RT RT is an arm of Russia 's media apparatus , and is due for another rebranding , she says She says the intervention in Crimea will overshadow and may tarnish RT
CNN  -- A day before Democratic Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was busted by federal investigators on corruption charges , he dared authorities to tape his phone calls if they thought he was guilty of anything . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , shown here in 2003 , was known as a tireless campaigner . "  If anybody wants to tape my conversations , go right ahead , feel free to do it , " Blagojevich said Monday outside a Chicago window factory where workers were protesting their layoffs . His comment came in response to a reporter 's question about corruption allegations . Authorities had indeed bugged the governor 's campaign office and tapped his home phone , catching him talking about alleged plans to sell the U.S. Senate seat left empty by President-elect Barack Obama . During his political career , Blagojevich made headlines . A native Chicagoan , he was thought of as a charismatic guy who always liked to ingratiate himself to the working man . But he was never considered a natural politician , particularly when he first began exploring a run for the governorship in 2002 . His father , Rade Blagojevich , was a Yugoslavian immigrant who came to America after World War II . The elder Blagojevich worked in a steel mill to support his family , which was then living on the city 's then-downtrodden northwest side . As a boy , Blagojevich held odd jobs -- shining shoes , delivering pizzas -- and worked in Alaska for two summers in his teens . He used the money to enroll in Northwestern University , a prestigious school in Evanston , Illinois , just outside of Chicago . He went on to law school at Pepperdine University , then went back to Chicago after graduation to be a lawyer . Blagojevich later joined the State 's Attorney Office in Cook County -- the county in which Chicago is located -- and built a reputation for prosecuting domestic violence cases . During his time as a lawyer , where Blagojevich grew to enjoy the increasing public spotlight , he began flirting with the idea of running for office . He met his wife , Patricia Mell , in 1988 at a political fundraiser for her father , well-known Chicago Alderman Richard Mell . Blagojevich started working in the father 's office , married Patricia Mell and had a daughter , Amy . They had another daughter a few years later . He served in the Illinois House from 1992 to 1996 , representing the North Side Chicago district before moving on to Congress in 1997 . During his three terms in Congress , he helped bring $ 240 million in federal funds to the Chicago Transit Authority and an additional $ 10 million to help protect Lake Michigan 's shoreline . He grabbed headlines in 1999 when he traveled to Yugoslavia with the Rev. Jesse Jackson to negotiate the release of three American soldiers . Blagojevich met with then-President Slobodan Milosevic , who later faced a war crimes tribunal but died of a heart attack before the proceedings were concluded . Blagojevich set his sights on the governorship in 2002 with an aggressive appeal to the workaday Illinoisan . He portrayed himself as a regular guy who wanted to do right by the middle class . Tirelessly campaigning , knocking on doors and running down-home-flavored television ads , Blagojevich jokingly told voters not to worry about pronouncing his last name right . Just call me Rod , he said . At one point , a staunch supporter of his Republican opponent , Michael P. Flanagan , marveled to the Chicago Sun-Times that he was impressed by the number of appearances Blagojevich was making during the campaign . "  He is one of the most energetic guys in politics today , " Flanagan said in a Sun-Times profile . "  If he was an athlete , they would test him for amphetamines . He would come up clean -- but they would test him . " Blagojevich was able to leverage a string of endorsements from popular figures like Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley . He also got the support of the Service Employees International Union , the Illinois Federation of Teachers , the American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees , and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters . In the 2002 governor 's race , Blagojevich rode to victory 7 points ahead of opponent Jim Ryan . Blagojevich commenced his re-election campaign in 2006 by promising not to raise state income or sales taxes during his second term . In May 2008 , Blagojevich proposed a $ 150 million initiative to combat youth violence . In July , he pardoned 19 convicted criminals , including several who had been exonerated , and in August called a special legislative session to consider reducing state construction costs in order to increase money for schools . Earlier this week , Blagojevich was in the news again -- standing beside and supporting the workers suddenly laid off at the Chicago window factory . The employees complained that the layoffs came without the 60 days ' notice required by federal law . Speaking to reporters as he stood with the workers , Blagojevich spoke of the need to follow the law . "  We are going to do everything possible here in Illinois to side with these workers , " he said . "  And it is n't just lending them moral support , but it 's ... making sure that we have our court system enforce the federal laws so these workers are getting what they 're entitled to under the law and under what is the right thing to do . "	The son of a Yugoslavian immigrant has working-class roots in Chicago Blagojevich worked in State 's Attorney Office before serving 3 terms in Congress He became known for his energy , political clout before joining 2002 race for governor Blagojevich appealed to middle class Illinoisans with ads suggesting "  call me Rod "
CNN  -- A former U.S. soldier could face the death penalty after being convicted of raping a 14-year-old Iraqi girl and killing her and her family . Former U.S. soldier Steven Green has been convicted of raping and killing a 14-year-old Iraqi girl . Steven Green of Midland , Texas , was found guilty Thursday in U.S. District Court in Paducah , Kentucky , said court spokeswoman Vanessa Armstrong . She said the penalty phase of the trial begins Monday . Jurors deliberated for more than 10 hours before finding Green guilty of murder , rape , conspiracy and obstruction of justice , according to the court 's Web site . Green , 23 , was accused of leading a group of soldiers that committed the crimes in 2006 in the Mahmoudiya area , south of Baghdad . They killed the girl 's father , mother and younger sister before raping and killing her and burning her body . Last year , then-Pfc . Jesse Spielman received a 110-year sentence in the case for felony murder , conspiracy to commit rape , rape and housebreaking with the intent to commit rape . Three other soldiers charged in the case received sentences ranging from 27 months to 100 years . The slayings became public in 2006 , angering the Iraqi public and prompting demands from some Iraqi officials that American soldiers accused of crimes against civilians face prosecution in Iraqi courts . U.S. military and civilian officials condemned the attack and vowed to bring those responsible to justice . All the defendants were with the 502nd Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division , based in Fort Campbell , Kentucky . Spc. James Barker , one of the soldiers involved , told investigators that the soldiers were drinking whiskey , playing cards and hitting golf balls when Green brought up the idea of going to the house near the checkpoint where they were stationed to rape the girl . Barker described Green as persistent . The soldiers then allegedly changed into dark clothing and covered their faces before going to the house , investigators said .	Civilian court convicts former GI of murdering Iraqi family , raping girl Steven Green led 2006 attack in Mahmoudiya , Iraq , witness testifies Four soldiers charged in case already jailed over crimes Defendants from 502nd Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division
CNN  -- A vigil for a teen who died in police custody turned violent in Durham , North Carolina , with riot police using tear gas and batons to disperse the crowd . At least six people were arrested at the Thursday night march to protest the death of 17-year-old Jesus Huerta , according to police . "  I could not be more proud of the restraint and professionalism demonstrated by our officers , " Durham Police Chief Jose Lopez said in a statement to the media , adding that injuries to those marching were minimized because of his officers ' actions . "  There was a march . The peaceful intent did not exist . We used the best practices in law enforcement , " he said at a news conference Friday . Huerta 's sister , Evelin Huerta , said a federal investigation is needed . "  The actions of the Durham Police Department , led by Chief Lopez , last night were a tried-and-true tactic to intimidate and spread fear in our community , " she said . "  We call on Chief Lopez to resign immediately in light of his leadership that put dozens of armed police on the streets to scare residents and turned a memorial vigil into a war zone last night . We will not be intimidated by Chief Lopez and the Durham Police Department 's tactics . " Protesters threw bottles and rocks at police officers and vandalized police property , Lopez said , defending his officers ' reaction to the vigil . The Durham Police Department says Huerta died on November 19 from a self-inflicted gunshot while handcuffed in the back of a police cruiser . The teen was being taken to the police station by Officer Samuel Duncan about 3 a.m. for a second-degree trespassing violation . The chief said at the news conference that gunshot residue tests were conducted on Huerta and the arresting officer , and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation "  found that Huerta was wearing gloves and that his gloves had a saturation of gunshot residue on it . Officer Duncan 's revealed that he had no gunshot residue on his hands , " Lopez said . The gun used was not a police firearm , Lopez has said in the past , but state authorities are still investigating where the weapon came from , according to local media . Duncan is on paid administrative leave pending the investigation 's conclusion , local media reported . Huerta 's family , along with local activists , allege police foul play in the death of Huerta , who was affectionately called "  Chuy " by his loved ones . Huerta 's family has submitted a formal petition to local authorities for archives into the investigation , according to local media . "  People can see that we actually support him and that we need justice for Durham because it 's not fair that this is happening , like the police is not giving us answers , " Evelin Huerta told CNN affiliate WTVD . A separate vigil held last month by the family also turned violent and ended in arrests . The family has said it plans to hold a protest on the 19th of every month . "  Personally , I do n't believe one word of what the Durham Police Department has stated , " local activist Lamont Lilly wrote in an article published shortly after Huerta 's death . "  It seems to me , and many others throughout the city , Durham police officers are simply covering their tracks with a concocted story that makes no physical or logical sense whatsoever . " Between 150 and 200 Huerta supporters marched Thursday from Durham City Hall to the parking lot of police headquarters . Some carried banners that read , "  Fue Matado Por La Policia " or "  Murdered By Police . " Others in attendance alleged police brutality and the use of excessive force by officers at the vigil . "  They did n't really look like batons or night sticks , but they were thinner and longer and they were reaching over the banner , whacking people with them , " protester David Kaplan told CNN affiliate WTVD . "  They were clearly upset with the fact that people were out expressing themselves and upset at the fact that it appears they murdered a 17-year-old child . " At least one demonstrator suffered minor injuries , and no officers were injured , the police chief said . In a prepared statement , police said , "  Permits are required for such events , but police officials extended compassion to the family by allowing the event . Police officers made several efforts to contact event organizers to ensure a peaceful event , but event organizers refused to speak with the police . The march became violent after participants left police headquarters and returned to downtown . " Images from the scene showed smoke billowing as riot police launched tear gas at the crowd . Some demonstrators wore masks to cover their faces . "  WTH Durham police ? #racerelations , " Monique Vasquez said in a tweet about the clashes . She told CNN her office was near Thursday night 's incident . Responding to Spanish-language reporters at the news conference , Lopez said that as a Hispanic , he had trouble believing the allegations among the Hispanic community that Durham police unfairly target Latinos . The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation has looked into three deaths in five months involving Durham police officers , and two of those killed were Latinos , according to CNN affiliate WRAL . A similar case in July stoked skepticism in Jonesboro , Arkansas , when Chavis Carter , 21 , died from a close-range gunshot while handcuffed in the back of a police car .	NEW : Jesus Huerta 's sister says a federal investigation is needed Police chief says he is proud of his officers ' restraint , professionalism at vigil Huerta , 17 , died of a gunshot wound while handcuffed in a police cruiser Gunpowder detected on Huerta 's gloves but not on officer 's hands , police say
CNN  -- It 's home to a sound system from Jamaica and an elephant slide from Chernobyl . It 's where you 'll find an outdoor Thai boxing ring , exercise gear from Santa Monica beach , lampposts from the UAE and swing benches from Baghdad . This is Superkilen , an urban park and cycling gateway that sprawls through Norrebro , a bohemian neighborhood of Copenhagen that 's become one of the most ethnically diverse parts of Denmark . A far cry from the Copenhagen of the Little Mermaid and traditional waterfront buildings of Nyhavn canal , this willfully eclectic venue might be considered the world 's most surreal public space . Stretching along a half-mile-long cycle route , Superkilen is a colorful exercise in community building born from a collaboration between residents and some of Europe 's most experimental architects . I start my exploration of Superkilen 's three distinctive zones with a slice of Americana . At the top of the zone known as The Green Park stands a 14-meter-tall pole with a giant "  Donut " and a neon sign . It hails from a restaurant in Pennsylvania and looks like something conjured in a dream by a salivating Homer Simpson . American highway setting When viewed from a distance , the doughnut sign and shiny logos from the car dealerships across the road create the perfect tableau for an American highway setting . Heading south into the park , I 'm greeted by a large cast iron bull , a tribute to the famous Spanish Osborne sherry trademark . Next up is a basketball court that sits in a bowl-shaped concrete structure . The court is modeled on Mogadishu 's Lujino Stadium , a venue once used by the militant Al-Shabaab group to launch assaults on Somalia 's presidential palace , and which now serves as the training facility for the country 's national basketball teams . Then there are all the smaller objects , which I initially walk straight past but which Superkilen 's smartphone app guides me to via an interactive map . There are trash cans from the British seaside resort of Blackpool , drains from Switzerland , a manhole cover from Israel and seven different types of bike racks from across Europe . It 's a multicultural onslaught . Some of the objects in Superkilen are originals while others are replicas designed so that they comply with Danish regulations for playground materials and public spaces . The items were chosen after canvassing local ideas online and at community meetings . Residents were n't required to pick objects from their place of birth -- some were inspired by treasured vacation spots -- but the idiosyncratic output reflects the diversity of a neighborhood made up of people from 60 nationalities . World expo Superkilen is a collaboration between the artist group Superflex , Berlin-based landscape architects Topotek1 and Danish architects BIG-Bjarke Ingels Group . Ingels has masterminded some of the most ambitious and left field ideas in Copenhagen , including a public swimming pool in the harbor and a plan to turn an incinerator into a ski slope . "  With Superkilen , we had to find a way of utilizing the diversity in the local population , " says Nanna Gyldholm Moller of BIG-Bjarke Ingels Group . "  Rather than just have the same Copenhagen bench you will see in any other park , why not involve the local residents to source the best items from across the globe and almost create a world expo ? " A good example stands at the end of the Green Park -- it 's a grassy mound with a small patch of naked , reddish soil . The soil comes from different towns of the Palestinian territories and was brought here by two young Copenhagen women who traveled to the Middle East . I stand near the soil and use the smartphone app to watch a film about how the women used their hands , rocks and small plastic bags to gather the material . "  When we travel as Palestinians , " says one of the the women , Alaa , in the video , "  we gather soil so you can take a piece of Palestine back home to Denmark . " On this breezy morning , a group of schoolkids have gathered on top of the mound on an assignment to plot park objects on a world map as they explore the area . When their teacher gives them the go-ahead , they scamper down a slope covered in zebra-striped asphalt . The stripes lead to the asphalt-covered Black Square , the second part of Superkilen . Local residents were initially irked when they found out grassy areas of the park would be paved over , but the Black Square is the most visually exciting aspect of the project . Judging by the crowds who gather here and take photos , it 's also one of the most engaging . Other items here include a Moroccan fountain , chess tables from Bulgaria and a giant plastic octopus from Japan that doubles as a slide . "  The fountain on the Black Square works incredibly because it 's star-shaped , " says Moller . "  When parents are watching their kids play in the water or sliding down the octopus , the parents are seated across from each other , so they end up talking together rather than just sitting in a circle looking away . " Bulls and Thai boxing The final part of Superkilen is the Red Square , complete with neon signs for a Moscow hotel and a beauty shop in China . It 's the most bustling part of Superkilen and takes the park right down to Norrebro 's busiest street . Teenage boys play-fight in the Thai boxing ring while daycare children sway on the Baghdad-inspired swing benches . Walls of the adjacent building have been painted red to match the color of the surface , but some the purple-tinted patches on the ground have faded . The area is due to be refurbised next year to enhance the color scheme and to make the surface more slip-resistant for pedestrians and cyclists . Not all of Superkilen is resistant to wear , tear and the effects of time . Some objects , such as the lone steel bull , feel incongruous and random . However , when seen as a whole , this strange bubble of world exposition and local community is a cohesive experience . There have been honors for Superkilen , including a nomination for the prestigious 2013 Mies Van Der Rohe architecture prize . Its real triumph , however , lies in its ability to engage people in its surreal world , whether they 're chess players deep in contemplation on the Black Square , moody teenage students having gym lesson at the Santa Monica "  muscle beach " or toddlers sliding down an octopus from Japan or an elephant from Chernobyl . Lars Hinnerskov Eriksen is a freelance journalist and author based in Copenhagen who writes about all aspects of Nordic culture . He previously spent six years in London working for the Guardian .	Copenhagen urban space is surreal , eclectic mix of objects from all over the world Thai boxing ring , Mogadishu stadium among recreated venues in Superkilen park Three park zones were created by experimental architects working with diverse local community
CNN  A jury of Rolling Stone 's media peers has dissected the magazine 's disastrous , discredited story about rape on the campus of the University of Virginia , and the emerging consensus is that Rolling Stone 's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice -- made all the worse by the magazine 's head-in-the sand reaction to the thorough , devastating report released by a panel of investigators from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism . Rolling Stone 's egregious mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable . The magazine 's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not . Before the original story , "  A Rape on Campus , " was pulled from the Rolling Stone website , it registered 2.7 million hits following its publication in November -- more than any noncelebrity story in the magazine 's history . An anonymous undergraduate , given the name "  Jackie , " told Rolling Stone writer Sabrina Rubin Erdely she had been invited to a party thrown by Phi Kappa Psi fraternity in 2012 -- only to end up beaten and gang-raped by seven boys , who were allegedly coached along in the attack by the same student , a casual acquaintance , who had invited Jackie to the party . The horrific allegations sparked protests against the fraternity , a police investigation , the temporary suspension of all fraternities at the school and a nationwide debate about the prevalence of sexual violence on college campuses . But the story began to unravel almost immediately when Washington Post reporter T. Rees Shapiro took a closer look , leading Rolling Stone to back away from the story and request a review by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism . That review , which is considerably longer than the original article , reveals startling lapses in basic journalistic practice . Rolling Stone writer Erdely never verified the identity of the attacker and therefore never confronted him with the allegations ; she never spoke to three of Jackie 's friends who allegedly talked with Jackie immediately after the attack , and she never gave the fraternity a fair chance to respond , refusing to provide specific information about what happened and when . And at every step of the way , when Jackie began acting flaky -- refusing to provide basic information needed to verify her story or vanishing for weeks at a time without returning calls from the reporter -- neither Erdely nor her editors or the magazine 's fact checkers made the hard but necessary decision to hit the pause button and decline to run the story . Having worked part time as a journalism professor for a decade  including one semester at Columbia  , I would agree with colleagues who call Rolling Stone 's lapses the kind that would be unacceptable in a freshman classroom . I 've told students for years : You should never print allegations without giving people a fair chance to respond . And you should never take a source 's word about important facts without verifying the truth .  There 's a reason we call it reporting and not dictation . Most of all , I tell students , remember that you 're writing about human beings , who are complicated creatures : The good guys are never all that good , and the bad guys usually are n't completely bad . People can be mistaken or deceitful , I tell young reporters , they frequently forget and often lie to themselves . That does n't make a source useless , but it must make you extra careful . Unfortunately , the early word from Rolling Stone is that they 've absorbed none of these lessons . Publisher Jann Wenner has apparently decided not to fire , demote or discipline anybody at Rolling Stone , provoking expressions of disbelief among seasoned journalists . "  No one fired at Rolling Stone . Really ? " wrote CNN media critic Brian Stelter . "  What would Rolling Stone in its heyday write about an institution that screwed up unbelievably , damaged people 's lives , but punished no one ? " tweeted John Bresnahan , the Capitol bureau chief of Politico . "  Rolling Stone outsources its investigation to Columbia and proceeds to do nothing in terms of individual accountability afterward ? OK ... , " tweeted pundit Joe Concha . Worse still , the editors who committed the blunder seem unprepared to revamp their operation to prevent a repeat of the debacle , framing the error as an earnest but misguided attempt to believe the word of a sexual assault victim . "  Rolling Stone 's senior editors are unanimous in the belief that the story 's failure does not require them to change their editorial systems , " the Columbia report says . And check out this amazing conclusion from Will Dana , the managing editor who presided over the disaster . Dana told the Columbia team : "  It 's not like I think we need to overhaul our process , and I do n't think we need to necessarily institute a lot of new ways of doing things . We just have to do what we 've always done and just make sure we do n't make this mistake again . " That smug attitude pretty much ensures Rolling Stone 's newsroom managers will commit another goof in the future . At a minimum , they should heed the wise counsel of my friend Bill Grueskin , an executive editor at Bloomberg who formerly served as dean of academic affairs at the Columbia J-school . "  When doing big , investigative stories , reporters face many challenges : recalcitrant sources , complex numbers , buried records . Editors , whose labors are usually cloaked in anonymity , are spared most of those hurdles . But they face their own internal newsroom challenges , particularly when handling a potential blockbuster story , " Grueskin writes . "  They must keep their star reporters happy , trim verbiage that interrupts the narrative , and deal with the expectations of bosses hungry for prizes and traffic . " The problem could be , says Grueskin , that Rolling Stone had too many chefs in the kitchen , instead of "  a single , talented editor with an intact set of vertebrae . " Until Wenner and his team learn that basic lesson -- and revamp their hiring , editing and fact-checking process accordingly -- the Rolling Stone fiasco will eventually be followed by another , one made less forgivable because we all saw it coming .	Columbia journalism school team finds major lapses in Rolling Stone 's University of Virginia rape story Errol Louis : Incredibly , the magazine is n't holding its staff accountable or changing procedures
Istanbul  CNN  -- In a further escalation of tensions between Israel and Turkey , at least three Israeli diplomats are being expelled from the Israeli Embassy in Ankara , Israeli officials said Wednesday . The Israeli consulate , however , appears to be unaffected by the Turkish downgrade of diplomatic relations with Israel . "  Consulates and embassies are not in the same status , " said Ohad Kaynar of the Israeli consulate in Istanbul . "  There are treaties that define what consulates are supposed to do . The personnel that are being expelled are from the embassy . As of now , we have not heard anything from the Turkish foreign ministry regarding expulsion of any of the consulate personnel . " On Tuesday , Turkey 's fiery prime minister compared Ankara 's once-close ally in the Middle East to a "  spoiled boy " and announced additional sanctions would soon be imposed . "  We are completely suspending all of these , trade relations , military relations , related with the defense industry , " Recep Tayyip Erdogan said , according to the semi-official Anatolian Agency . "  All of these are completely suspended and other measures will follow this process . " Asked to clarify whether this meant Turkey will halt more than $ 3 billion in bilateral trade , an official in the Turkish prime ministry , speaking on condition of anonymity under government protocol , insisted Erdogan was not referring to trade relations . "  He was referring to the defense industry , " the official said . "  Nothing more than the measures that have been announced so far . " Last week , Turkey declared it was downgrading relations with Israel , suspending all military agreements between the two countries and giving senior Israeli diplomats less than a week to leave Turkish territory . "  If the current steps are regarded as ` plan B , ' there will be a ` plan C , ' " Erdogan said on Tuesday in his first public comments on the matter since Ankara imposed sanctions on Israel . Erdogan 's government is incensed that Israel refuses to apologize or pay compensation for eight slain Turks and one Turkish-American . The humanitarian workers and activists were shot dead by Israeli commandos in a botched 2010 raid on an aid convoy that was trying to bust Israel 's sea blockade of Gaza . But "  Israel does not want to see a further deterioration in the relationship with Turkey , " said a senior Israeli government official , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue . "  There have been a number of proposals on the table to prevent a deterioration and unfortunately they have not been successful , but from our point of view a deterioration in the relationship serves neither side 's interests . " Multiple Israeli sources said they are doing what they can to be responsible and reverse the negative dynamic . Some Israeli officials believe the current troubles between the two countries are minor bumps that can be smoothed out with time and the proper diplomacy . Others believe the deteriorating relationship has little to do with Israel and more to do with a reorientation of Turkish foreign policy towards the Muslim world . A possible Erdogan trip to Gaza is contributing to that school of thought . Diplomats in Cairo and Ankara tell CNN that Erdogan is tentatively scheduled to visit Cairo next week . There is growing speculation in local media that the Turkish prime minister may try to visit Gaza via Egypt 's Rafah border crossing . "  This is a process that will continue until the last moment , " Erdogan said Tuesday , according to Anatolian , when asked about a trip to Gaza . "  We will make the final decision there , talking to our Egyptian friends and brothers . According to that , there may be a trip to Gaza . " Despite deteriorating political relations between Jerusalem and Ankara , trade has grown substantially between the two countries over the last year , according to Turkish government statistics . On Monday , Stanley Fischer , governor of the Bank of Israel , gave a speech in which he highlighted the importance of Israel 's economic ties with Turkey . He noted that Turkey 's economy was the largest in the region , with a gross domestic product in excess of $ 700 billion , and that Turkey is becoming a key player in regional trade . Turkey is a significant Israeli trading partner , Fischer said , and damage to the trade relationship between the two countries could have serious consequences for Israel . Yigal Schleifer , Washington-based editor at Eurasianet and expert on Turkish-Israeli relations , argues the Middle Eastern "  outsider " status that once drew Turkey and Israel together into an alliance during the 1990s has changed , as Turkey has grown economically and established closer political ties with Arab neighbors . "  The paths have diverged , " Schleifer said . "  What you have left is two countries with different visions currently for their position in the region . So Turkey wants to build a more unified region with more open borders that ultimately helps trade and ultimately helps Turkey see itself as a regional leader . Israel sees itself as isolated in the region , increasingly threatened and increasingly concerned with security issues . " Prior to the report about Erdogan 's comments Tuesday , Amos Gilad , a senior Israeli defense official , told Israeli radio that despite the reports , Turkey is not disengaging from Israel . Contrary to what is being reported , he said , the Israeli military attache to Turkey is continuing his work there .	The Israeli consulate appears to be unaffected "  Consulates and embassies are not in the same status , " an official says An official says trade relations will not be suspended The tension stems from a 2010 raid on a Gaza aid convoy
Perhaps it was a foregone conclusion , what with the Internet 's proven ability to turn any new technology into a platform for showing naked people . But Twitter 's new video-sharing app , Vine , is under scrutiny after early adopters started using it to flash six-second porn clips to the app 's users and to the larger Twitter community . It 's an issue that has Twitter scrambling to appease concerns . And it 's raising questions about how Apple , the only place where smartphone users can download the app , will respond after recently banning other apps that provide access to sexual content . The issue gained attention Monday when Vine users noticed a video of what was described as hard-core pornography showcased in the prominent Editor 's Picks section of the mobile app . Users took to the comment section of that video to complain . Twitter apologized Monday , saying it was a mistake . "  A human error resulted in a video with adult content becoming one of the videos in Editor 's Picks , and upon realizing this mistake we removed the video immediately , " the company said in a statement sent to CNN . "  We apologize to our users for the error . " Released Thursday , Vine is a Twitter-owned app that lets users create and share videos lasting up to six seconds . As with photo-sharing app Instagram , Vine users can follow other people , whose posted videos show up in a feed on their phones or can be shared on Twitter and Facebook . The app is available only for the iPhone , iPad and iPod touch . Vine 's Apple-only status raises interesting questions . Just last week , Apple banned image-sharing app 500px from its App Store because it could give users access to sexual content . The 500px app features artistically rendered nudes among lots of other photos , but so do other apps with user-generated content , such as Tumblr , which remain available on Apple 's iOS mobile system . The Vine app is rated 12 + on iTunes for "  infrequent/mild sexual content or nudity , " among other reasons , meaning it 's deemed appropriate for users 12 or older . As of Monday , it was the fifth most popular free app in the App Store . Apple did not immediately reply to a message seeking comment for this story . Vine had been listed on Apple 's own Editor 's Choice list as early as Monday morning , but appeared to have been removed by Monday afternoon . Apple observers Monday were noting the strange position the company finds itself in . Apple has famously kept tight reins on what appears in its App Store and on its mobile operating system in general . The late CEO Steve Jobs famously argued that control on the front end delivers a user experience free from porn , spam and other digital unpleasantness . But as the digital Web grows and evolves , it 's becoming tougher to parse the blurry line between apps that promote adult content  and which are turned down or banned by Apple as a matter of course  and those which simply provide access to such fare . What , for example , is the distinction between the banned 500px app and the app for Tumblr , the blogging platform which , among its millions of blogs , includes many that host explicit sexual content ? "  From the start , Apple has said they 'd get the App Store wrong , and come across things they did n't anticipate , but that they 'd learn and grow , " said Rene Richie , editor of Apple-centric blog iMore , in a post Monday . "  This particular problem has been around for years , but as social sharing has become easier , it 's come to the surface again . " Interestingly , it was just a little less than a year ago that Apple banned Viddy , a video-sharing app that has been compared to Vine , because it gave access to user-generated adult videos . The Viddy app was eventually returned to the App Store . On Twitter 's end , the anything-goes aspect of Vine jibes with the site 's overall philosophy . Compared to Facebook , which believes social sharing is best when tied to a user 's true identity and real-world networks , Twitter allows its users to register under fake names and has fought governments and law-enforcement agencies seeking user information . As such , Twitter has taken a more hands-off approach on adult content . It 's not hard to hunt down hashtags its users are employing to share adult content on a daily basis .  #TwitterAfterDark becomes a trending topic on the site nearly every day -- clicker beware  . By contrast , searching for several suggestive hashtags  such as #naked or #porn  on Instagram , the popular photo-sharing app bought by Facebook last year , render no results . Because Instagram is an Apple-like closed environment , sexually explicit images are difficult , if not impossible , to find there . By Monday afternoon , hours after Vine had apologized and deleted the porn video from its Editors Picks , what uproar there was online was subsiding . As some observers noted , Vine is n't otherwise experiencing anything new in the tech world . "  As virtually every new video or photo-sharing service has shown us since the dawn of the Internet , from Flickr to ChatRoulette , it 's very difficult to keep these sites or apps G-rated . So the companies either learn how to police it well , like Flickr does , or they wither and die , as ChatRoulette did , " wrote The Atlantic Wire 's Adam Clark Estes in a post titled "  Vine has a porn problem because , of course it does . " In a statement to CNN , Twitter noted what had already become apparent on the app -- that users can report videos they deem inappropriate . "  Videos that have been reported as inappropriate have a warning message that a viewer must click through before viewing the video , " a spokesperson said in the statement . Reported videos that are determined to violate Vine guidelines will be removed from the site and the user account that posted them may be terminated , according to the statement . Vine 's terms of service ban illegal activity , harassment or abuse and behavior such as impersonating another user or violating trademark and copyright .	An error led to a porn video being listed as an editor 's pick in Twitter 's new Vine app Vine lets users shoot and post six-second videos from their phones Twitter lets users flag offensive content , which gives other users a heads-up Vine is only available from Apple , which has banned other apps over sexual content
Washington  CNN  -- When the incoming U.S. House freshmen of the 113th Congress take their class photo , the image will reflect two very different visions of the nation . On the Democratic side : Women and minorities -- a coalition that , along with young voters , largely helped re-elect President Barack Obama -- collectively will for the first time in the nation 's history outnumber white male Democrats . On the Republican side : The majority of the House seats will be held by white men -- a group which far outnumbers the now dwindled numbers of House GOP women and minorities after the losses of two minority members and about a half dozen women from that caucus . "  They say that a picture is worth a thousand words . Well the picture that you see before you is worth millions of votes , millions of aspirations and dreams of the American people for problem-solvers to come to Washington to get to the job done , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in welcoming the incoming freshman class to the Capitol for orientation . Pelosi 's guessing game "  Today we officially welcome our Democratic freshmen to Washington . They are extraordinary leaders who will make our House Democratic caucus the first caucus in history , in the history of civilized government , to have a majority of women and minorities in the caucus . " It also symbolizes something else that is more troubling politically . "  It 's basically a sign that both parties are distilling to their core , and they are living in parallel universes , " said David Wasserman , House editor for the Cook Political Report . The stark demographic and ideological differences now reflected in the House will also likely lead to increased partisan showdowns over entitlement spending , education , health care and immigration reform , political and cultural experts say . Studies and polls have shown , for example , that women tend to be more supportive of government spending than men , and those attitudes might have helped influence women 's choice for president , said Michele Swers , a Georgetown University American government professor . "  You can draw a clear line between the changing demographics of the parties and the polarization  likely to follow  , " Wasserman said . The shift is the result of an increase in the Hispanic population and concerted efforts among the Democratic leadership to recruit and support female and minority candidates coupled with the effect of redistricting , which created large majority minority districts in states such as California , Florida and Texas . 2014 battle for the Senate starts now Democrats picked up three seats in the election so far and lead in five others yet to be resolved . A sixth race will be decided in a runoff between two Republicans . In the heavily contested race to win the newly created 9th Congressional District seat in Arizona , TV ad dollars from a Democratic super PAC helped Democrat Kyrsten Sinema , a former state senator , defeat Republican Vernon Parker , the former mayor of Paradise Valley . " ... We 're seeing a record number of Democratic women elected to office , " said Jess McIntosh , a spokeswoman with Emily 's List , an organization that works to help pro-choice , Democratic women get elected to office , on Election Night . Her group supported Sinema . "  It says voters saw a clear contrast between the parties ... there was an absolute rejection of extremist Republican  proposals  . " Though there has been an increase in women elected to federal office , there is still room for progress , Jennifer Lawless , director of Women & Politics Institute at American University , said . "  Obviously this is movement in the right direction , " Lawless said , adding women are still underrepresented in federal offices . "  Women are 50 % of population , so I 'm not sure we should be breaking our arms patting ourselves on the back , " Lawless said . And with those redrawn districts comes increased polarization . Moderate Senate Democrats eye midterms warily "  What Republicans  in state legislatures  did in redistricting was purge a lot of blacks and Latinos out of their congressional districts , " Wasserman said . "  Non-white voters are sufficient to win those seats . " Losses among moderate , white , male "  blue dog " Democrats and Republican women and minorities further helped change the face of Congress , Wasserman said . House Republicans lost one African-American , one Latino and a net of six women , he said . House Republicans lost one of their few African-American members when Florida Rep. Allen West appeared to have been defeated by Democratic businessman Patrick Murphy , although West refuses to concede and demands a recount . Blue dog Democrats Leonard Boswell of Iowa , Ben Chandler of Kentucky and Larry Kissell of North Carolina all lost their races . The House 's congressional makeover occurs as a battle looms over immigration reform , which could not only test the new-found political sway of minorities but also the Republican Party 's ability to redirect on the issue , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . "  Strategically , Obama needs to identify pro-immigration Republicans and get them on board pretty quickly . He 's got to figure out which Republicans are hip and realize the game has got to change on immigration and help protect them  so  they feel comfortable enough to defect , " Gillespie said . Republican leaders know that there are challenges ahead . Many issues same since Obama 's last news conference "  It 's clear that as a political party , we 've got some work to do , " House Speaker John Boehner told reporters after the election . "  The principles of our party are sound , " but the question is , "  how we talk about who we are as a party ? " But politically , Republicans , who hold control of the House , have little incentive to compromise , Wasserman said . "  A lot of people who anticipated Republicans would lick their wounds ... there 's no incentive for House Republicans to fold , " he said . For now , at least . Republicans "  ca n't continue to write off demographics , " Lawless told CNN . Over the next several generations , the wave of minority voters -- who , according to U.S. Census figures released earlier this year , now represent more than half of the nation 's population born in the past year -- will become more of a power base in traditional Republican strongholds such as Alabama , Mississippi and Georgia . That hold will extend across the Southwest all the way to California , experts say . When that happens , Congress could see the type of political alliances that are now considered rare . "  We 're a country that has always presumed male leadership , has always been most comfortable with white male leadership and we 're watching the transition of that notion , " said Mark Anthony Neal , a cultural and Black studies professor at Duke University . More on the House from CNN 's Political Ticker	Women and minorities now make up majority of Democratic caucus in the House After election , House Republican caucus is more white and more male Differences could lead to showdowns and gridlock over immigration , health care and the debt
CNN  On the whole , Denmark is pretty deserving of its reputation as a neat , orderly place . So it 's a surprise to discover a sand dune the size of a small desert roaming around the countryside unchecked , destroying farmhouses , churches , roads and anything else that gets in its way . While Legoland 's miniaturized landmarks may be more famous , Northern Jutland 's claim to be home to "  Denmark 's equivalent of the Sahara " does n't look quite as ridiculous as that sounds when you 're actually standing amid the windswept white sands of Rabjerg Mile . Certainly a budget Nordic remake of "  Lawrence of Arabia " would n't be out of the question . Covering an area of 1.5 square kilometers and containing 3.5 million cubic meters of sand , Rabjerg Mile is the largest migratory dune in northern Europe . In fact , the dune played a starring role in the desert epic of its day . In 1915 , Danish filmmakers erected a sphinx and a pyramid as the backdrop for "  The Secret of the Sphinx , " one of the more ambitious productions of the Scandinavian country 's so-called "  golden age " of silent cinema . Endless horizon At the time it was the largest and most expensive film set ever built . Sepia-toned photos of actors in flowing robes suggest a reasonable approximation of the wonders of ancient Egypt was achieved . These days , it 's the undisturbed natural beauty of the dune and the thriving ecosystem of the wetlands left in its wake that are the star attractions for visitors that come to hike its slopes each year . "  Listen to the quietness , " says Villy Hansen , our group 's guide for the day and a dune ranger for 15 years . "  It 's very special . There are not many places where you can hear nothing . And look at the endless horizon . " Only the croaking of a few frisky natterjack toads disturbs the peace as we sit atop the highest point , 40 meters above solid ground , enjoying a view that stretches from the waters of the Skagerrak , a straight off Denmark 's western coast , to the Kattegat Channel leading to the Baltic in the east . Understanding how so much sand ended up in one place requires a Dummies ' Guide to millions of years of geological history , which Hansen illustrates by scratching out lines and arrows with a stick and shaping ridges with his hands . "  This sand was cliffs and mountains in the period when the tectonic plates were taking land from each other , " he explains . More sand was added to the mix during the ice ages , as the landscape was crushed and re-sculpted by glaciers . Rabjerg Mile 's documented history begins in the 1700s . Abandoned villages By then Denmark had been plagued for centuries by sand drifts that destroyed farmlands , buried buildings and forced villages to be abandoned . "  It is to be feared that the whole of North Jutland will be covered with sand and virtually laid waste , " a city official in Aalborg wrote in 1726 . In the 19th century , the government finally took steps to tame the dunes , planting millions of trees and shrubs to check their movement . But Rabjerg Mile was left to roam as an active reminder of how the landscape had been . Since then it has continued to move northeastward at an average rate of about 15 meters a year , covering nearly five kilometers since measurements of its movement began . Hansen says the dune appears to be turning left and speeding up because of variations in wind direction he believes are a consequence of climate change . "  We do n't get so much wind from the west anymore . It had been moving from Skagerrak to Kattegat but now it looks like it will go back to Skagerrak . "  Maybe it will change for three years or a hundred years , who knows ? Nothing is certain nowadays . " Giant sand castle More worrying for Hansen is the threat posed by rising sea levels to an area that is effectively a giant sand castle . "  If the sea rises one meter then I wo n't be living here anymore , " says Hansen . "  You could go out toward Norway where the sea is 800 meters deep , take all the sand that has built up here over 9,000 years and count to three and there would be nothing left . "  The land here is dynamic , being built up and torn down , and this place is a monument to all of that . " A few kilometers south stands another monument to the natural forces at work on this coastline . When the lighthouse at Rubjerg Knude was built at the end of the 19th century , it stood amid green fields on cliffs 60 meters high and set back 200 meters from the sea . Now , only the tower is visible , the two-story building beneath it swallowed up by sand and the steep drop to the beach just a few footsteps away . The lighthouse was switched off in 1968 and converted into a museum . That had to be abandoned in 2002 , by which time staff were serving ice cream to visitors out of a first floor window . "  Every time I come up here it is different . It is a fascinating landscape , " says local guide Jakob Nielsen , pointing at the streaks of sand and clay in the cliff face . Most of the erosion is caused by winter storms , which wash away the clay and loosen the sand , uncovering an archaeological cross-section of human history . Destructive force "  You see the dark layers ? Those were Viking fields . And those layers higher up were wheat fields 500 years ago , " says local artist John Kristensen , who has been painting Rubjerg Knude lighthouse every year for almost 40 years . "  If we go down to the beach it 's possible we 'll find something from the Stone Age . " When Kristensen began painting he had no idea he was charting the lighthouse 's demise . When he realized it , he set about trying to buy back his earliest paintings to complete the series , though so far without success . "  The lighthouse is a reference point , but the most fascinating things are the landscape and the light . They are constantly changing , " he says . Kristensen may not have to drag his easel to the top of the dunes many times more . The lighthouse is expected to crash into the sea by 2020 if the cliff continues to retreat at its current rate , though bad weather over the next few winters could accelerate its demise . "  Maybe it will be a reef down there , " he says , pointing a paintbrush toward the beach below . "  Perhaps I 'll sit on it and try fishing instead . " Simon Hooper has covered international news , politics and sports for websites and publications including the New Statesman , Sports Illustrated , FourFourTwo and The Blizzard .	Denmark 's Rabjerg Mile is the largest migratory dune in northern Europe Giant dune has swallowed up buildings including a medieval church and lighthouse accommodation The area doubled as a desert in 1915 silent film "  The Secret of the Sphinx "
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- A magistrate judge on Monday granted bail for an Illinois man accused of surreptitiously taping sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude and posting the videos on the Internet . ESPN reporter Erin Andrews was allegedly stalked by a man who posted nude videos of her on the Internet . Michael David Barrett , 48 , will return to California to face a federal charge of interstate stalking . U.S. Magistrate Judge Arlander Keys agreed Barrett would be released on bail . However , Keys ordered that Barrett be confined to his home and subject to electronic monitoring , the Chicago Sun-Times reported . Barrett , an insurance company employee from Westmont , Illinois , is accused of taping Andrews , an ESPN reporter , while she was nude in two hotel rooms . He then made seven videos that he posted on the Internet , according to a criminal complaint filed in the case . Barrett was arrested Friday at Chicago O'Hare International Airport . He will appear in court in Los Angeles , California , on October 23 , according to a statement from prosecutors in Los Angeles . Authorities believe most of the videos were made at a Nashville , Tennessee , hotel in September 2008 . The peephole into Andrews ' room was altered with a hacksaw , and the images appeared to have been taken with a cell phone camera , the complaint said . Investigators found in hotel records that Barrett had requested and received a room adjacent to Andrews ' and used his home address to register for it . Barrett allegedly attempted to sell the videos to celebrity gossip site TMZ in January 2009 . TMZ did not purchase the photos , but employees of the Web site assisted in the investigation , providing information to Andrews ' attorneys , authorities said . However , Barrett posted the videos to other Web sites , the criminal complaint said , with labels like "  Sexy and hot blonde sports celebrity shows us her all . " "  The e-mail  sent to TMZ  was linked to Barrett through a number of methods , " the statement from Los Angeles prosecutors said . Investigators found that Barrett reserved a room at a Milwaukee , Wisconsin , hotel where Andrews was staying in July 2008 but never checked in , according to the complaint and prosecutors ' statement . "  However , the peephole on the door where the victim stayed during that trip was altered in a similar way to the peephole found in the Nashville hotel , " the statement said . Andrews , 31 , is a sideline reporter for ESPN , traveling around the country covering college football games . The criminal complaint against Barrett , which identifies Andrews only as "  Individual A , " says she became aware of the videos in July , and that their posting has caused her distress , anxiety and trouble sleeping . Authorities believe Barrett could have recorded similar videos of other women in the same manner , the criminal complaint says . Investigators found other videos on a Web site , apparently posted by a person using the same username as the person who posted the Andrews videos . "  From the screenshots of these videos , it appears that these videos have also been taken of naked women through the peephole of a door , " the complaint said . In Monday 's hearing , prosecutor Steve Grimes called Barrett 's interest in Andrews an "  obsession , " the Sun-Times reported . "  This was not just a whimsical act , " Grimes said . "  This was an obsession , one that was acted out ... one he carried out through various states . " Grimes described Barrett as a danger to women . A call to Andrews ' attorney , Marshall Grossman , was not immediately returned . In an interview Monday with Chicago 's WGN-AM , Grossman said Andrews was initially "  quite relieved " after a suspect was identified and arrested . However , he said , in reviewing the affidavit , Andrews ' "  concern returned , unfortunately , in spades , so to speak , because of the extent of the charges as outlined by the FBI  and  the fact that this has been going on for several months in numerous locations . ... Her distress level is naturally quite high , and she hopes that this matter is brought to resolution as soon as possible so she can return to some sense of normalcy in her professional job and responsibilities . " Barrett 's father , Frank Barrett , told the Sun-Times on Sunday that the allegations do "  not match the Mike I know , " describing his son as "  an extrovert and very outgoing . " He told the newspaper his son is divorced but has a college-age daughter . The magistrate placed Barrett on a 9 p.m.-to-6 a.m. curfew and ordered him not to use the Internet at home or at work . He will be allowed to go to work but must be at home the rest of the time , the Sun-Times said . A search warrant in the case directed authorities to search Barrett 's computer for information in the case , including anything "  relating to Individual A , a female reporter for ESPN , including but not limited to her travel schedule , " as well as information relating to hotels where Barrett has stayed , among other items . Grimes said in court that the warrant was executed Saturday , according to the Sun-Times . The maximum penalty for the charge of interstate stalking is five years in federal prison , the FBI said .	Bail granted for man accused of secretly taping ESPN reporter Erin Andrews Authorities say Andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms Videos were later posted on Internet , according to FBI Michael David Barrett faces interstate stalking charge
President Barack Obama will deliver a high school commencement address in Joplin , Missouri , nearly a year after a killer tornado ravaged that city , the White House said Monday . Obama will deliver remarks on May 21 , just one day before the first anniversary of the tornado that devastated large sections of the city of 50,000 people , cutting a path of destruction nearly 14 miles long and up to a mile wide . The tornado was classified as an EF5 , packing winds up to 200 mph . The Joplin tornado killed 161 people , making it the deadliest single U.S. twister in more than 60 years , according to National Weather Service records . Snow complicates tornado recovery in Kentucky , Indiana Much of Joplin High School was destroyed . Its 2,200 high school students returned to class on August 17 , with a mall substituting as classrooms for many of the upperclassmen . School Superintendent C.J. Huff told CNN he 's excited about the president 's decision to showcase the students . The class of 2012 has been through a lot , he said , and has shown "  tremendous resiliency and leadership " in the past year . The visit to Joplin is Obama 's second since the tornado . He attended a memorial service a week after the disaster .	Obama 's May 21 speech will mark the anniversary of the Joplin tornado Joplin High School was badly damaged in the May 22 , 2011 , disaster It will be Obama 's second visit to Joplin since the tornado struck
Iraqi authorities are looking at a video that purportedly shows Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi delivering a sermon in Mosul to determine whether it is really the notorious leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , Iraq 's military spokesman said Sunday . The video surfaced on social media sites tied to ISIS , the terror group that now calls itself the Islamic State . It shows a man identified as al-Baghdadi conducting Friday prayers at the Great Mosque of al-Nuri . "  The video is being analyzed and cross-referenced with intelligence data to determine whether it is in fact al-Baghdadi , " said Qassim Atta , the military spokesman . The United States government is also examining the video . If it is al-Baghdadi , it would be one of the first known appearances of the elusive extremist militant leader to be captured on video . Very few images have been made public of al-Baghdadi . ISIS fighters took control of Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , in early June following a quick campaign that saw Iraqi security forces quickly fold under their assault . The release of the video comes days after unconfirmed reports surfaced that the militant leader had either been killed or wounded in airstrikes in Iraq 's western Anbar province or in the Mosul area . The timing of the video also appears to coincide with a declaration by ISIS last week of the creation of an Islamic state that stretches from the northeast city of Aleppo in Syria to Iraq 's Diyala province . As part of that declaration , an ISIS spokesman said the group would now be known as the Islamic State , and al-Baghdadi as its leader would be known as Al-Khalifah Ibrahim -- a reference to the leading religious figure considered a successor to the Prophet Mohammed . The video , which was released by the media arm of ISIS , identified the man as Al-Khalifah Ibrahim . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , which shows dozens of people , including men who appear to be bodyguards , listening to the sermon and praying . Several automatic weapons are displayed near the man delivering the sermon . In the video , the man purported to be al-Baghdadi urges people to follow his call to create an Islamic state in Iraq and Syria and wage jihad , or holy war , during Ramadan -- the holy month of fasting for Muslims that began at the end of June . "  It is a month from Allah when we are protected from hell , and this is every night -- nights during which the marketplace of jihad is open , " he said , according to a translation of the video posted by SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors terror groups . Very little is known about al-Baghdadi , a name he appears to have adopted just before taking the reins of al Qaeda in Iraq , a group that later reformed under the banner of ISIS . A biography posted on militant websites last year said he earned a doctorate in Islamic studies from the University of Baghdad . A man named Al-Baghdadi was detained for four years in Camp Bucca , which was a U.S.-run prison in southern Iraq . He was released in 2009 . CNN can not confirm whether it is the same man . Al-Maliki hints at another try for Iraqi PM Group : ISIS takes major Syrian oil field Joint Chiefs chairman wo n't rule out more U.S. military	Video shows a man identified as ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi speaking at a mosque If it 's actually al-Baghdadi , it would be one of his first known appearances on video Iraqi and U.S. experts are analyzing the video , which surfaced on social media sites Days earlier , unconfirmed reports said al-Baghdadi had been killed or wounded
CNN  -- Attention minions of Colonel Meow : We regretfully announce that at some terrible hour on Wednesday - Colonel Meow Time - Colonel Meow , dear leader , feline overlord , and supreme dictator of the Colonel Meow Empire , merged with the infinite . To mark this occasion of feline loss , we ask that all minions observe a moment of silent contemplation ... ... thank you for your kind attention . This moment has been duly noted on your timecards and will be deducted from your pay . That is all . Yes , The Colonel is dead . And the Internet mourns the passing of a truly magnificent animal . An animal who struck fear into the hearts of lesser beings . An animal who became an icon . An animal who routinely pooped in his own fur . "  Bask , I say ! Bask in the glory of my partially digested Fancy Feast ! " Though the ever-scowling Colonel Meow may not have been quite as world-famous and instantly recognizable as Grumpy Cat , he was definitely first . And definitely the greatest . And , most of all , he was the scariest . You see , whereas Grumpy Cat generally looked bothered and forlorn , Colonel Meow was proud , plotting and evil , as though he might actually murder a small human just for sport . Slowly . While listening to "  O Fortuna . " To the Internet world he was an "  adorable fearsome dictator " whose toothy anger-face ruled over all mankind . Not bad for a cat of humble roots . And with no testicles . Colonel Meow 's rise to power started in a roadside gutter -- sad , scared , and alone . And not completely dissimilar to how I spend my weekends .  Things are weird at home . Eventually rescued from the mean streets , he was taken in by the Seattle Himalayan and Persian Society , and later adopted at Petco by a loving human named Anna Marie Avey . Who soon became known simply as "  Slave Beast . " Colonel Meow 's true rise to power began when Avey and her husband , Eric Rosario , began posting images of him on Instagram . Almost immediately , he was a star , and The Colonel commanded allegiance from a growing number of faithful admirers . His minions . And though he did n't actually accomplish much during his reign -- save for countless naps and a finely-developed palate for Scotch -- Colonel Meow did , however , leave this world with at least one true medal of honor . He holds the Guinness World Record for "  cat with the longest fur . " In fact , three independent vets measured and confirmed his coat , which averaged out to 22.89 centimeters . That 's roughly 9 inches of furry greatness . Now , not only was he the world 's angriest cat , he was also the fluffiest . So fluffy you could die . Which , if those were his wishes , you most certainly would . But Colonel Meow also had a gentle side , which sort of reads like my profile on Christian Mingle . He was scared of the things he coughed up . He liked to be held . And he enjoyed having his butt scratched . And , somewhat surprisingly , he also had an unexpected best friend named Boots -- a golden retriever he lovingly described on Facebook as "  stupid . " But , mostly , Colonel Meow was fearsome . And powerful . And for a brief , incredible moment in time , it was truly The Colonel 's world . The rest of us just got to live in it . I chose not to wear pants . However , in November 2013 , it all came crashing down . Colonel Meow suddenly became ill and was hospitalized with heart problems . And only a couple months later , he was gone . Grumpy Cat responded to the news on Twitter : Rest in peace @colonel_meow . A grumpy day indeed . #RIPColonelMeow Another Internet-famous cat , Lil Bub , also expressed her condolences : Dear @colonel_meow -- You are without question the most regal feline I have ever known . See you in space dear friend . And space is exactly where Colonel Meow now looks down upon his minions , a proud and regal cat floating through eternity . Slowly . While listening to "  O Fortuna . " Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Colonel Meow was an Internet-famous cat , noted for his mean scowl The Colonel became sick in November with heart problems , and died on January 29 Admirers of Colonel Meow were known as his minions
Washington  CNN  -- In her grilling on Capitol Hill on Wednesday , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius reiterated a frequent assertion in the Obamacare sales pitch -- consumers have options when shopping for insurance plans on the health care exchanges . "  The 15 % of our neighbors and friends who are uninsured have affordable new options in a competitive market , " Sebelius said in her testimony to the House Energy and Commerce Committee . After apology , Sebelius subpoenaed over Obamacare website But a CNN analysis found that consumer options vary significantly from state to state , and many Americans are discovering that they have very few options . Fact-checking Obamacare claims In West Virginia and New Hampshire , for example , residents shopping on the exchanges can only purchase plans from a single company . Contrast that with the state-operated exchange in New York which has 16 participating companies , an average of five per county . Wisconsin , which is on the federal exchange , has 13 participating insurers , although some counties in the state have only one . So what prices are people finding in states where only one insurer lists on the exchange ? In states with many insurers on exchanges , plans vary far more dramatically in price . Some are more expensive but many are significantly cheaper . Big difference state-to-state In Pennsylvania , for example , with 10 insurance companies listed on the exchange , a 27-year-old can buy a silver plan from Highmark for $ 133.83 . Highmark is the same insurance company that operates on the West Virginia exchange . A 27-year-old in West Virginia , meanwhile , can purchase silver plans ranging in price from $ 193.93 to $ 250.69 a month . In New Hampshire , that same individual can browse silver plans costing from $ 236.46 and $ 238.62 a month . These prices do not include offsets from subsidies . Individuals are also able to view less expensive bronze or catastrophic plans on the exchanges  the latter only being available for buyers under age 30  as well as more expensive gold plans . Platinum plans , which offer the highest level of coverage , are not available in West Virginia or New Hampshire according to the data on Healthcare.gov . Your options under Obamacare A Department of Health and Human Services report released in late September asserted that an average of eight insurance companies would be participating in states on the federal exchange ; try telling that to a resident of New Hampshire or West Virginia with their single choice . In general , urban and suburban counties with higher populations tend to have more insurers , while it 's common for rural counties to be limited to one or two options . The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that 12 million people live in counties with only one insurer , compared to the 117 million in counties with more than five insurers . There is no data to indicate how many of those people will be shopping for insurance in the exchange . Special coverage : Health care in America Rural areas suffer ; not profitable Rural areas are , on the whole , less desirable to insurance companies because they offer a smaller pool of potential customers . It is also more difficult for insurance companies to make a profit in rural counties because there are fewer health care providers and lack of competition allows regional hospitals to charge more for services . Yet , the number of insurance companies operating on the exchange is often a fraction of the number that actively sells insurance in the private market . In Wyoming , for instance , there are six companies that actively sell insurance but only two advertise plans on the exchange . In North Carolina , nine companies sell plans , but only two of those are on the exchange and only one of those sells statewide . Some companies are choosing not to participate in certain areas because they are waiting to see how the implementation of Obamacare plays out in the first year . It remains to be seen how many will ultimately sign on despite the problems the exchange has faced so far . The technical problems facing the website are , to some extent , drawing attention away from the shortage of insurance options . But some lawmakers are now calling on the administration to address the issue . A group of senators and congressmen from Arkansas wrote to Sebelius on Monday , expressing their frustration at the lack of options in their state and calling on her to release information about her department 's correspondence with state officials . "  Before the law 's implementation , state insurance officials claimed that there would be as many as eight carriers offering coverage in the individual market , " wrote Senator John Boozman and Representatives Tom Cotton , Steve Womack , Rick Crawford and Tim Griffin . "  However , a consumer logging on to the AR Health Connector website will find , at most , four plans offering coverage , while 60 % of the state will have no more than two provider options . " "  This is a disappointing , if unsurprising , failure of the reforms promised by Obamacare , which will mean decreased competition among plans , leading to higher costs , higher premiums , and less consumer choice . " Lawmakers : Arkansas families pay more Arkansas is one of six states that operate exchanges in partnership with the federal government . The authors of the letter say that families in Arkansas now have to pay 100 % -600 % higher premiums under Obamacare . New York site lists bakery , mechanic for Obamacare help A lack of options is certainly having an effect on insurance prices -- how much is still up for debate . Cynthia Cox of the Kaiser Family Foundation looked into the link between options and price , and found that in counties with more than five insurers , the average premium was about $ 20 a month less than in areas with only one insurer . Cox specifically compared the pricing available for a 40-year-old individual shopping for a silver plan . The Obama administration , for its part , has discounted the significance of this analysis . "  Under the Affordable Care Act , nearly all consumers  about 95 %  will have a choice of two or more health insurance issuers , often many more , " HHS spokeswoman Joanne Peters said in a statement to CNN , "  and nearly all consumers  about 95 %  live in states with average premiums below earlier estimates . " Peters added that , "  In the marketplace , new rating and benefit rules along with bans on pre-existing exclusions allow insurers to compete for customers based on price and quality . " This information is also reflected in the September HHS report . What else can go wrong with Obamacare ? Comparisons difficult to make Premiums on the federal exchange are lower than those previously projected , but comparing rate changes in any given state is tricky , according to Cox , who co-authored a report for Kaiser in September outlining the changes that individuals in the private market could expect . Because all plans must offer an expanded set of benefits under the Affordable Care Act , they can not be compared straightforwardly to plans offered in the past . Another reason why insurance options and prices vary so significantly from region to region has to do with how state governments choose to use their rate review authority , which was expanded under the Affordable Care Act . In some states , officials can prevent insurance companies from raising rates if they believe those rates are unjustified , and some states have used this authority to keep prices down on the exchanges . Other states , such as Florida , have acted to formally reject their rate review authority , thereby preventing any state influence in prices . State laws can also play a role in promoting insurance competition . In Arizona , for example , there is a state requirement that prevents insurance companies from cherry-picking which counties they offer PPO plans in , according to Arizona Department of Insurance spokeswoman Erin Klugh â $ " although they can selectively offer HMO plans . Because of this rule , Arizonans across the state have multiple insurers to choose from . CNN 's Adam Aigner-Treworgy and Jessica Stanton contributed to this report	CNN analysis shows Obamacare choices , premiums vary from state to state In West Virginia and New Hampshire , consumers only have single choice Rural areas have fewer Obamacare options because of sparse population , providers Kaiser study shows those with more choices pay lower premiums
CNN  To many viewers on the political right , Clint Eastwood 's "  American Sniper " is a patriotic film that celebrates a war hero and does n't shy away from the truth about the terrorist threat . To some on the left , it glorifies an unjust war while paying homage to an unapologetic killer with a simplistic , good-versus-evil view of the world . Which is closer to the truth ? Neither , say the movie 's makers . In recent interviews , Eastwood , screenwriter Jason Hall and star Bradley Cooper have said they are dismayed by attempts to ascribe political meanings to what they see as primarily a portrait of real-life Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle and the Iraq War 's impact on him . The movie "  certainly has nothing to do with any  political  parties or anything , " Eastwood told the Toronto Star . "  These fellows who are professional soldiers , Navy personnel or what have you , go in for a certain reason ... and there 's no political aspect there other than the fact that a lot of things happen in war zones . " "  For me , and for Clint , this movie was always a character study about what the plight is for a soldier ... " Cooper told the Daily Beast . "  But I ca n't control how people are gon na use this movie as a tool , or what they pick and choose  to argue  . " No , he ca n't . Ever since "  American Sniper " broke box-office records with a stunning $ 107 million last weekend , everyone seems to have an opinion about it . Pundits , veterans and Internet critics on all sides of the political spectrum have spent the past week poring over the film 's 132 minutes , and the memoir by Kyle on which it 's based , in search of fodder for political arguments . "  There is nothing even close to moral equivalence in ` American Sniper , ' only the truth : that there is no equivalence between the  Iraqi  barbarians who target the innocent and the American heroes who target those who target the innocent , " wrote John Nolte on Breitbart.com , a right-wing website which calls the movie a "  pro-war-on-terror masterpiece . " "  Eastwood ... makes the moral stakes almost nonexistent , " countered David Edelstein of New York magazine . "  The people Kyle shoots always represent a "  savage , despicable evil , " and the physical and mental cost to other Americans just comes with the territory . It 's a Republican platform movie . " Many others , from Michael Moore and Seth Rogen  on the left  to Sarah Palin and Kid Rock  on the right  , have since piled on . A few people even took to Twitter to say the film made them want to kill Arabs and Muslims . All the controversy is no doubt drawing more people to the movie . But "  American Sniper 's " makers say many of these viewers are missing the point . "  People see the movie poster , and it 's got a guy and the American flag , and they know Clint Eastwood -- the Dirty Harry guy and the Republican convention guy -- directed it . So they think it 's some jingoistic thing , " screenwriter Hall told Time.com . "  I would challenge that in a big way , " he added . "  Chris was a man who believed in something and who therefore was useful to a government that needed him to go to war . It cost him his physical health , his mental health and almost cost him his family . " Art , misunderstood "  Sniper " is n't the first artistic work to find itself claimed by both sides in our cultural and political wars . In 1984 , Bruce Springsteen 's song "  Born in the U.S.A. , " written from the point of view of a contemptuous Vietnam veteran in a dead-end world , found itself celebrated for its rousing chorus . During that year 's presidential campaign , no less a figure than Ronald Reagan praised the New Jersey rocker for his "  message of hope . " Springsteen , a defiant supporter of the underdog , was n't amused . "  I think people have a need to feel good about the country they live in , " he said in an interview at the time . "  But what 's happening , I think , is that that need -- which is a good thing -- is getting manipulated and exploited . " Then there was Oliver Stone 's "  Wall Street , " a film inspired by Stone 's father , an upstanding broker much like the movie 's Lou Mannheim , played by Hal Holbrook . But the character from the movie who became celebrated was Gordon Gekko  played by the Oscar-winning Michael Douglas  , an unscrupulous shark who famously declared , "  Greed , for lack of a better word , is good . " Gekko became a model for a generation of aspiring Masters of the Universe . Even today , people hoping for the big kill keep Gekko 's quotes handy , aphorisms to live by . Finally , there 's "  This Land Is Your Land , " Woody Guthrie 's famed folk song , remembered by generations of schoolchildren as a paean to America 's glory . It 's that , to be sure -- Guthrie really does celebrate "  golden valleys " and "  diamond deserts " -- but the song was also a reaction to a song Guthrie loathed : Irving Berlin 's "  God Bless America , " particularly as sung by Kate Smith . Guthrie made no secret of his loyalties in one rarely sung verse . "  In the shadow of the steeple I saw my people , / By the relief office I seen my people / As they stood there hungry , I stood there asking / Is this land made for you and me ? " ` The toll is man ' Yes , "  American Sniper " encourages audiences to root for Kyle and his fellow soldiers as they respond in horror to 9/11 , face dangerous insurgents who try to bomb them and track down one especially lethal enemy sniper . And yes , it ends with real-life 2013 footage of thousands of Americans lining highways , waving flags , as Kyle 's funeral procession goes by . But in subtle ways , the movie 's message , and morality , is not so black and white . One scene shows Cooper , as Kyle , expressing dismay that his first kill as a sniper is not of an enemy soldier but of a young boy holding a bomb . Another scene shows a grieving mother at the funeral of her son , an Iraq veteran , reading aloud a letter from him questioning the point of the war . By the time he returns from his fourth tour in Iraq , Kyle has clearly lost his appetite for warfare . He is alienated and withdrawn from his wife . And as in his Oscar-winning "  Unforgiven , " Hall and Eastwood -- who has said he opposed the invasion of Iraq -- seem less interested in glorifying the act of killing than in exploring the psychic toll it takes on the men who do it . "  The cost is man , the toll is man , and it 's this man and every other soldier that fights , " Hall told Variety . "  If we understand that , maybe we wo n't be so hasty into jumping into war . " If there 's a message in "  American Sniper , " it may be that Americans could do a better job of understanding what our veterans go through , and of taking care of them when they return . Then again , maybe the message of "  American Sniper " is whatever you want it to be . "  It is one man 's war -- not the nation 's , " wrote Scott Beauchamp , an Iraq veteran  and no stranger to controversy himself  , in Mic . "  While  other war  films have loud , overt messages that allow us to confront the issues head on , ` American Sniper ' is sort of an empty cipher , waiting for us to project already existent emotions onto the screen . "	"  American Sniper " has been misunderstood by some moviegoers who politicize it Filmmakers say their focus was to create "  a character study about what the plight is for a soldier "
CNN  -- America 's image of New Yorkers combines swagger , style and an unwillingness to get pushed around . Humphrey Bogart once warned a Nazi commander in "  Casablanca " that "  there are certain sections of New York , Major , that I would n't advise you to try to invade . " Seventy years ago , movie audiences would have laughed in appreciation of the city 's toughness . Today , however , Rick Blaine would hardly recognize the place . Mayor Michael Bloomberg hit the panic button over soft drinks this week , proposing a citywide ban on any serving of sugary-sweet soda more than 16 ounces in restaurants , movie theaters and street carts . Bloomberg claims that he needs to have the cops throw themselves between consumers and liquid refreshment to save citizens from themselves and prevent obesity . Big Gulp , meet Big Brother . Overheard on CNN.com : Doughnut lovers ' lament , washed down with a giant soda This is just the latest intervention staged by Hizzoner . His past decrees banned smoking , not just indoors in places of business , but also outside of businesses and in parks . Bloomberg also banned restaurants from cooking with artificial trans fats . In those cases , he took a lot of criticism as being a health hysteric and a food nanny , but at least an argument existed that consumer choice might have been irrelevant . Restaurants do n't usually advertise all of their ingredients on the menu , for instance , and few people get asked permission before someone lights a cigarette in the doorway of an establishment . Soft drinks : Public enemy No. 1 in obesity fight ? In this case , though , no such argument exists . People purchase the volume of beverage they desire , and in almost every case , plenty of choice exists for smaller quantities . The outcome of barring the sale of anything larger than 16 ounces of Coca-Cola or Pepsi at the ballpark will be that more containers will get thrown out as people just buy more units , and that waste will have to be disposed of later . Consumers will pay more and have more inconvenience in purchasing what they want to drink , and will still end up drinking the same amount anyway . Is drinking soda really that bad for you ? The new restrictions make little sense for most other venues . Fast-food restaurants have customer-accessible fountains in most cases for in-store dining . Few people buy the large size , and many of these restaurants no longer bother with size at all for those sales , sticking with one standard size . Will Bloomberg start regulating how many refills each customer gets , too ? For that matter , many traditional restaurants offer free refills on soft drinks , too . If Bloomberg caps those , what happens when customers just buy another soft-drink order ? Will the restaurant be forced to stop serving root beer far more quickly than they stop serving beer ? A soda per day may raise heart-attack risk Nor do the drink categories make sense , either . Bloomberg 's order wo n't apply to alcoholic beverages , even though many of those are loaded with calories , especially beers and ales , or to dairy-based drinks . As Reason 's Jacob Sullum points out , that means that while New Yorkers will no longer be able to ingest 240 calories drinking a 20-ounce Coke , they will still have no trouble buying a 24-ounce , 520-calorie double-chocolatey frappucino at Starbucks , or a 20-ounce , 800-calorie milkshake . Now , some of those choices may be better than others , although it 's hard to argue that the dietary value of milk justifies ingesting an 800-calorie drink as opposed to the 240-calorie cola . But more to the point , that 's a decision that free people should be able to make on their own . New Yorkers should n't have to ask Bloomberg , "  Mayor , may I ? " when selecting an otherwise-legal and nonlethal beverage . Eatocracy : How I kicked my Coke habit Bloomberg justifies his nanny-state interventions by pointing to the social costs of obesity , but there is no direct causal link between obesity and 20-ounce sodas with sugar in them , and neither would it be anyone 's business at all except for the increasing government control and subsidies for health care . Bloomberg 's insistence on dictating consumer choices has a more direct connection to an assumption that government should control our access to health care than obesity has to a couple of Big Gulps . Perhaps it 's time for New Yorkers to put their mayor on a power diet , and to wise up about the real trade-offs between expanding safety-net programs and personal choice . Soft drinks wo n't be the last of the usual suspects that Mayor May I will round up in his crusade to dictate his choices and eliminate everyone else 's . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Morrissey .	Ed Morrissey : New York mayor 's proposal to ban soda size servings is wrong He says it makes no sense : What 's to stop people from drinking too much soda ? He calls Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's proposal a nanny-state rule Morrissey : New rule would dictate mayor 's choices and eliminate everyone else 's
CNN  -- Rooting for the Seahawks or rooting for the Broncos in the Super Bowl ? Heck , we were rooting for Bruno Mars . The Grammy-winning artist had a tough act to follow this year with his halftime show , given that last year 's star performer was Beyonce . And let 's be honest -- no one wants to have to follow Beyonce . But we have to admit , Mars rocked the house  or rather stadium  and his obvious joy at performing for what was basically almost the entire world was pretty infectious . For those not familiar with Mars , he 's pretty awesome . Here are just a few things to love about the guy : 1  He was a baby Elvis As a child growing up in Hawaii , Mars performed with his family in a Vegas-style show . Born Peter Gene Hernandez , he was only 4 years old when his family heard him belting out some Motown tunes and added him to the act , which included his father , Pete , a percussionist , and his mother , Bernadette , a singer who passed away in 2013 . According to Mars , when he was a baby his dad wanted to call him Elvis , so at age 6 the tiny singer became one of the youngest Elvis impersonators in the world . Baby Bruno said he loved everything about his idol , including "  his lip . " Too cute . 2  He 's a return to the singer-songwriter Mars does n't just belt out the tunes , Mars also writes them . While struggling to be discovered as a singer , he got his start in the industry writing and producing hit songs for other artists , including Travie McCoy 's "  Billionaire , " Flo Rida 's hit "  Right Round , " and K'Naan 's "  Wavin ' Flag , " which became the theme song for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . 3  He 's really good at impressions His turn on "  Saturday Night Live " may not have gotten as much attention as , say , Justin Timberlake 's , but there was no denying Mars was out of this world when he portrayed an intern at Pandora who has to imitate several artists -- including Green Day , Michael Jackson , Steven Tyler and Justin Bieber -- when the power goes out . Not only was it hilarious , but his version of Bieber 's "  Boyfriend " was quite possibly better than the original . 4  He represents for the vertically challenged guys He 's a whole lot of talent packed into a little frame . Mars is reportedly 5-foot-5 . 5  He can always find the bright spot -- even when being arrested How can we forget that famous mug shot with him grinning when he was arrested for alleged drug possession ? Mars later explained the smile by laughingly saying "  I have no idea  why he smiled  . It was a picture . " 6  He really is as cute as a Monchhichi We hooted when fans started pointing out the cropped-haired resemblance to the Monchhichi doll , made popular in the 1980s . But there is no denying either the similarity or the utter cuteness of both . 7  He 's a supportive brother While his star has ascended , there are others in his family who are waiting in the wings to find fame . Four of his sisters have formed a singing group called The Lylas , and last year they launched a reality show on the WE network . While he did n't appear in the first season , his sisters said he offers plenty of advice -- even though when he does , "  We pretty much ignore it , " they have said . They may want to start listening .	Bruno Mars rocked out during the Super Bowl halftime show As a child he was an Elvis impersonator His sisters have a singing group
CNN  These are not your older brother 's Power Rangers . Yeah , there are some helmeted costumes and martial arts in "  Power/Rangers , " the 14-minute short inspired by the 1990s children 's TV series . But there are also some grim postapocalyptic settings , terse dialogue and violence . Lots and lots of bloody , graphic violence . The "  bootleg , " in producer Adi Shankar 's term , is the product of a thought experiment : How would fighting an intergalactic war really affect some high schoolers ?  In the original candy-colored show -- which reused some campy Japanese programming -- a group of teens gets drafted to battle aliens . "  How is that any different from child soldiers , man ? That 's super f *** ed-up , " Shankar , the producer of "  The Grey " and "  Dredd , " says in an accompanying video . "  They 're going to have PTSD , and they 're going have the most f *** ed-up lives . " Hence , "  Power/Rangers , " which has been buzzed about all over the Internet . The less-violent version has picked up more than 6 million YouTube views in less than two days ; the NSFW version has just slightly fewer . The video stars James Van Der Beek and Katee Sackhoff . Director Joseph Kahn , known as a music video powerhouse  Taylor Swift 's "  Blank Space , " Britney Spears ' "  Toxic "  , told HitFix that he was unfamiliar with the nuts and bolts of the Power Rangers universe but liked the challenge . "  The trick that I really wanted to do with this was to make that dark and gritty version that everybody keeps talking about , but really do it , " he said . "  Really see if I could totally accomplish it with essentially a really incredible incredibly silly property . " The Internet was gobsmacked , of course . "  Holy Hell This ` Power Rangers ' Reboot Is Dark As F*ck , " headlined Io9.com . But the video may be in for a legal battle . According to Kahn , the producer of the other "  Power Rangers , " Haim Saban , is "  trying to shut ` Power/Rangers ' down . " A new theatrical film version is scheduled for 2016 . Vimeo took down the NSFW video Tuesday , and Deadline Hollywood reported that it was at the behest of a copyright infringement claim . Kahn has fought back on Twitter . "  Every image in ` Power/Rangers ' is original footage , " he posted in a series of tweets . "  Nothing was pre-existing . There is no copyrighted footage in the short . I am not making any money on it and I refuse to accept any from anyone . It was not even kickstarted , I paid for it myself . "	"  Power/Rangers , " rethinking of 1990s show , is a huge online hit The 14-minute video is grim and violent The video may be facing legal issues
London , England  CNN  -- Two U.S. senators from New Jersey intensified their calls for the British and Scottish governments -- and oil giant BP -- to provide information surrounding the circumstances of the convicted Lockerbie bomber 's release a year ago . The British government urged Libya on Friday not to celebrate the anniversary of the convicted bomber 's release , saying it would be "  offensive and deeply insensitive " to the families of the 270 people killed in the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am flight over Scotland . Also Friday , the Obama administration again blasted the decision by Scotland to release Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi from prison exactly a year ago on compassionate grounds due to a diagnosis of terminal cancer . "  As we have expressed repeatedly to Scottish authorities , we maintain that al Megrahi should serve out the entirety of his sentence in prison in Scotland , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a written statement . President Barack Obama 's assistant on homeland security and counterterrorism , John Brennan , called the release of al Megrahi "  unfortunate and inappropriate . " Democratic Sens. Robert Menendez and Frank Lautenberg noted al Megrahi was only given three months to live when he released , but he is still alive today . Menendez noted that on August 20 , 2009 , al Megrahi stepped off a plane into the arms of a cheering throng in Libya . "  A mass murderer tasted freedom , experiencing joy , " Menendez said . "  It was a scene that made the stomach turn ... that made old wounds fresh again in the hearts of those whose family members died at the hands of that man . " Lautenberg said , "  It is the families of those victims who deserve compassion , not this terrorist . " "  Al Megrahi ... is very much free , living in the lap of luxury by all accounts , " Menendez said . Doctors who examined the convicted terrorist in prison now say he could live another 10 years , he said . The case has outraged many on both sides of the Atlantic , and led U.S. senators to demand answers from Scotland about the details of his release . Menendez said his office has sent letters to British Prime Minister David Cameron and Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond , "  laying out those areas where questions linger " and asking for additional answers and documentation . Scottish authorities have defended their actions in the case , saying Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill relied on a medical report from the top doctor in the Scottish Prison Service , along with reports from the parole board and prison governor , in deciding to free al Megrahi , who had been serving a life sentence . "  We took the decision in good faith , " Salmond told Sky News on Friday . "  We followed the judicial processes , the law of Scotland and the jurisdiction the Lockerbie atrocity has been governed -LSB- by -RSB- , not for the last year , but for the last 20 years . " Under the Scotland Act of 1998 , Scotland has its own government that is responsible for most of the day-to-day issues there , including the justice system . It took charge of the case because the flight al Megrahi was convicted of bombing exploded over the Scottish town of Lockerbie . Scottish authorities have insisted that three doctors hired by Libya to assess al Megrahi 's condition last year played no part in the decision to release him . Menendez said he wants to know what was discussed when the doctors met with Libyan officials . Dr. Andrew Fraser , the director of health and care at the Scottish Prison Service , also said the three-month prognosis was a reasonable estimate . U.S. senators also have repeatedly voiced suspicions that Scotland released al Megrahi as part of a deal allowing BP to drill off the Libyan coast . Salmond has already shot down such concerns , saying "  there is no evidence whatsoever " of any link . Menendez plans to chair a U.S. Senate hearing in September on the controversy surrounding al Megrahi 's release . Friday , Menendez said the senators have asked the British and Scottish governments to conduct an independent investigation in the United Kingdom , which he said Cameron supported before he became prime minister . Lautenberg called on British and Scottish officials to stop "  stonewalling and side-tracking . " "  Help us clear the air ; help us give information to the families . " Menendez also said letters are being sent to Libyan and Qatari leaders , inquiring whether "  commercial interests " led them to pressure Britain and Scotland to release al Megrahi . Al Megrahi is the only person ever convicted in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 , which exploded over Lockerbie in December 1988 , killing 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground . Most of the dead were Americans . The flight had been heading to New York from Frankfurt , Germany , via London , England , when it blew up . A special Scottish court in the Netherlands convicted al Megrahi in 2001 .	NEW : Clinton , Brennan blast decision to release al Megrahi Two U.S. senators call for the British and Scottish governments and BP to furnish information UK : Celebrating bomber 's release would be "  offensive and deeply insensitive " Al Megrahi was released a year ago on humanitarian grounds
CNN  -- Three Disney monorail workers have been placed on paid leave just days after two monorail trains crashed at the Orlando , Florida , theme park , killing one of the train 's operators , according to a Disney spokeswoman . Train operator Austin Wuennenberg , 21 , was killed in Sunday 's monorail crash . Walt Disney World spokeswoman Zoraya Suarez said the action was "  part of an investigative process , not a disciplinary action . " The three workers were a monorail maintenance shop member , the monorail pilot of one of the trains and a transportation manager . Disney would not name the employees . The National Transportation Safety Board , which is investigating the Sunday morning accident , is expected to be at the park for several days . "  To this point in the investigation , no anomalies or malfunctions have been found with the automatic train stop system or with any mechanical components of the switch or with either trains , " the NTSB said in a statement . The crash killed operator Austin Wuennenberg , 21 . The operator of the other train was taken to a hospital , where he was treated and released . Additionally , six passengers on Wuennenberg 's train were treated at the scene for minor injuries . Wuennenberg was piloting the "  Purple " train . The other train , known as the "  Pink " train , was operated by one of the employees who has since been placed on leave . The Pink train was instructed to go back through a track switch that would take it from the monorail 's Epcot loop to the Magic Kingdom loop . "  For undetermined reasons that are currently under investigation , the switch had not changed position needed to allow the Pink train to be routed to the Magic Kingdom loop , " putting the Pink and Purple trains on a collision course , the NTSB statement said . NTSB investigators believe that Wuennenberg attempted to put his train into reverse before the collision , attempting to avoid the crash . The Orange County Sheriff 's Office , which is investigating Wuennenberg 's death , would not comment , citing the ongoing investigation .	Action is "  part of an investigative process , " spokeswoman says Workers are maintenance shop member , pilot and transportation manager Sunday morning crash of two trains killed one driver NTSB is still investigating incident
Esther Mbabazi wheels her bag towards the airstairs of the Boeing 737 sitting quietly on the tarmac at Kigali International Airport . Today she 'll be flying from Rwanda 's capital city to Juba in South Sudan . A short hop south with a flying time of around 1 hour and 20 minutes . But for Mbabazi , 26 , it is n't about the destination . As Rwanda 's first female pilot , it 's about the journey and her highest priority is to get passengers safely to their terminus . "  Growing up I wanted to be a pilot when I was four , " says Mbabazi , who became a pilot for Rwanda 's national airline carrier , RwandAir , at 24 . "  I 'd never been inside a cockpit but I used to see a plane in the sky and I imagined that thing must be flown by someone . "  I had to go for it . Even though it looked like a long shot , it was my only shot -- that 's how I saw it so I went for it , and here I am . " Dream big During her childhood , Esther 's family would move on a regular basis due to her father 's work as a pastor . But her desire to take to the skies never wavered , even after her father passed away in a plane crash in the Democratic Republic of Congo , when the passenger aircraft he was traveling on overshot the runway and hit some terrain . Read this : The woman saving Uganda 's lost children "  From day one , he was always my biggest supporter or fan , " recalls Mbabazi , who lost her father before turning 10 . " -LSB- But -RSB- an accident is an accident . Like I said , if someone gets hit by a car , you do n't stop driving . "  You ca n't live life being scared an in fear of anything . If something is bound to happen , you ca n't stop it . " Going all in Thus , Mbabazi continued to work toward her goal of becoming a pilot and achieving what no other woman in her country had done before . Once she completed high school , she packed her things and bought a one-way ticket to attend pilot school in Uganda . "  When I went it was a one-way decision , " she says . "  If they bounce me , I 'll just pack my things and come back -- so that was the way I joined pilot school , and it was a long journey . " More from African Voices A year later , Mbabazi began training with Rwandair in Miami and her exploration of the aviation world began . "  My greatest memories are flying to different cities , " she says . "  Being in the sky gives you a whole other view -- you get to see what they call a bird 's eye view of everything . " Sexism in the skies ? Now , the young pilot has become a pioneer in a male-dominated industry in Rwanda , and yet she knows she is constantly being closely watched because of her gender . "  No one ever says , ` Oh it 's a male crew aircraft that crashed , ' even though it 's been many of the sort , " she says . "  But you know , if there 's a woman on board and something happens , you know , definitely you 're going to be mentioned . " Mbabazi recalls a previous incident where a passenger realized that the pilot for his flight was a woman shortly after arriving at the gate and refused to get on the flight . "  The cabin crew said we 'll gladly leave you behind . You 've already paid the ticket , so if your reason is that basic and shallow , it 's not because of safety reasons . It 's just because you do n't want to fly with a woman , we 'll gladly leave you behind . " Mbabazi refuses to let her critics win and is determined to continue being a role model for others . She hopes that her achievements can provide inspiration to other women who might not think they can attain their dreams jobs . "  Time has changed , " she says . "  Women are out there working , technology has changed , and everyone has the brains to do something , now it 's not about how much bicep or how much energy you have . " Read this : The woman saving Uganda 's lost children Read this : Meet Kenya 's cycling hero	Esther Mbabazi is Rwanda 's first female commercial pilot flying regional jets for Rwandair A tough dream job for many but for a women in Rwanda , it was previously unheard of Mbabazi says that as a woman she is scrutinized more intensely in the aviation industry "  If there 's a woman on board and something happens you know definitely you 're going to be mentioned "
CNN  -- A video purporting to be from a vigilante group whose goal is the eradication of the Zetas cartel from the state of Veracruz , Mexico , has surfaced on the Internet , but its credibility remains unproven . Five masked men dressed in black appear on the video , sitting behind a long table . The spokesman explains that they are a group called the "  Mata Zetas , " or Zeta Killers . They describe themselves as an "  extermination " force that works as the armed front "  of the people and for the people . " The speaker says that the group 's only goal is to kill members of the Zetas , a ruthless cartel whose area of influence includes the eastern state of Veracruz . Members of the Mata Zetas are prohibited from committing crimes such as extortion or kidnappings , according to the video . The video was released via YouTube days after 35 bodies were found in two trucks during rush hour in the city of Boca del Rio . But is the video really evidence of the birth of a vigilante group in Veracruz ? In the video , the speaker does not claim responsibility for the 35 deaths . It is also not the first time that a seemingly grassroots group emerged in Veracruz as a counterbalance to the cartels . In 2007 , a group named the "  Gente Nueva , " or New People , made itself known through menacing notes , web-posted videos , torture and executions and quasi-patriotic rhetoric . The group left notes next to bodies , claiming that the victims were Zetas or supporters of the Zetas . But U.S. officials with knowledge of the group said Gente Nueva was not a vigilante group but a facade for the Sinaloa cartel , which at the time was battling the Zetas and Gulf Cartel in Veracruz . The Zetas and Gulf cartel have since split into warring factions . Mexico 's attorney general 's office responded with a statement saying that it would investigate the video and any group that tries to take justice into its own hands . "  The only path to reach long-lasting security and peace is through the rule of law and strengthening of our institutions , " the statement said . In October of last year , another possible paramilitary group surfaced in Michoacan state . A group calling itself the "  Pelotones Omega " distributed fliers indicating its members would fight against kidnappers , murderers and other criminals .	A group called "  Zeta Killers " releases a video on the Internet The group says its goal is to exterminate the Zetas cartel from Veracruz state Authorities say that they will investigate any group that takes justice into their own hands
CNN  -- Edward Snowden , who leaked secret information about U.S. spying programs , has been granted an extension to stay in Russia for three more years , his attorney said in a televised press conference in Moscow Thursday . Snowden recently formally requested that Russia 's government extend his temporary asylum , and Snowden attorney Anatoly Kucherena said the request had been accepted . "  As of August 1 , 2014 , Snowden has received residency for three years , " Kucherena told reporters Thursday . Snowden 's temporary asylum in Russia ended on July 31 . He 'd been holed up at a Moscow airport for five weeks before the Russian government granted asylum for one year on August 1 , 2013 . Snowden has kept busy working for a Russian website and speaking out on the disclosures about the U.S. government 's spying programs and processes that he helped make public . Snowden 's disclosures in 2013 made him an icon among those who praised him for risking his future to expose these secrets and a villain among those who accused him of being a lawbreaker who betrayed the United States . The former government information technology contractor collected information on spy programs -- in which the NSA mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside of the United States -- and exposed the programs to the media . U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property . No change in U.S. stance The White House says the extension of Snowden 's asylum in Russia does n't change the U.S. government 's desire for his return . "  There 's been no change in our position : Mr. Snowden faces felony charges here in the United States , " said Ned Price , a spokesman for the National Security Council . "  He should return to the U.S. as soon as possible , where he will be accorded full due process and protections . " U.S. intelligence agencies fear Snowden has achieved celebrity as a leaker and could be inspiring others to disclose classified national security information . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently commented on Snowden 's case in an interview with the German magazine Der Spiegel . "  I think he is a poor messenger for the message that he 's trying to take credit for , " she told the magazine . "  I think he could have provoked the debate in our country without stealing and distributing material that was government property and was of some consequence , " Clinton said . See also : Does Snowden 's celebrity breed copycats New leaker disclosing U.S. secrets , government concludes CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report	NEW : "  No change in our position , " White House says Snowden 's disclosures in 2013 made him an icon among some Edward Snowden is a former government information technology contractor U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property
Washington  CNN  -- A former Los Alamos National Laboratory nuclear scientist and his wife were indicted on charges of trying to provide nuclear secrets to Venezuela , but U.S. officials stressed the Venezuelan government knew nothing about the plans . The officials said they have no information from the undercover operation that Hugo Chavez 's government has any plans to try to build a nuclear weapon . Pedro Mascheroni , 75 , and Roxby Mascheroni , 67 , are U.S. citizens who worked as contractors at Los Alamos in New Mexico , officials said Friday . In 2008 , Mascheroni , who had left the laboratory years earlier , had a series of conversations with an undercover FBI agent posing as an official of the Caracas government , according to the indictment . "  Mascheroni allegedly said he could help Venezuela develop a nuclear bomb within 10 years and that under his program Venezuela would use a secret underground nuclear reactor to produce and enrich plutonium and an open , above-ground reactor to produce nuclear energy , " the Justice Department said . According , to a U.S. Justice Department statement , Mascheroni allegedly asked about obtaining Venezuelan citizenship and described how he expected to be paid for his classified nuclear work for Venezuela . Mascheroni said his fee for producing certain information was $ 793,000 , the indictment alleges . U.S. Attorney Kenneth Gonzalez said the charges against the couple "  are very serious . " He said laws were designed to keep "  restricted data " from getting to the wrong people .	NEW : Indictment alleges physicist wanted $ 793,000 for services The scientist and his wife are accused of trying to provide nuclear secrets to Venezuela Venezuela 's government knew nothing about the plans , officials say The U.S. citizens worked as contractors at the New Mexico laboratory
CNN  -- Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor was thrust into the national spotlight on two hot-button issues this week . It had nothing to do with the cases involved -- same-sex marriage in Utah and a requirement for contraceptive coverage under Obamacare . The two emergency appeals on New Year 's Eve came her way because the cases originated in western areas of the country -- Colorado and Utah -- that fall under her jurisdiction for reviewing time-sensitive federal motions . Sotomayor sought more information on an appeal from Utah to uphold its voter-approved ban on same-sex unions in the state . But she made headlines on the politically charged case around the Affordable Care Act just as new rules were about to take effect . Sotomayor issued an order that , for the moment , stayed a requirement under the sweeping health law for certain religiously affiliated groups to ensure that employees receive coverage for contraception at no cost . The Denver-based organization that cares for elderly poor , the Little Sisters of the Poor , objects to complying with rules under the law that would guarantee it an exemption but , in theory , still require a third party to provide contraception insurance . Ultimately , it believes authorizing a form that passes the ball to another entity still means contraception coverage for its employees and that , to the nuns , is objectionable on moral grounds . The Catholic Church opposes artificial contraception . While Sotomayor 's emergency injunction or any follow up to extend it or seek the opinion of her fellow justices for additional review may seem like a blow to the politically charged health care law , it is n't . Nor does it convey any meaning about where Sotomayor , a liberal jurist , may stand on the larger issues raised in the appeal overall . "  She just placed a single case on hold . She did not overturn Obamacare , " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . Her decision late on Tuesday simply put the brakes on compliance for the Little Sisters of the Poor and enabled the Obama administration to file its arguments . The Justice Department said on Friday the appeal lacked merit . The charity , it said , is eligible for an exemption and moreover , the entity that administers its insurance plans , the non-profit Christian Brothers Services , is also exempt under certain conditions in the Obamacare rules applying to religious institutions . Toobin said Sotomayor acted "  based on her view of the law " in holding up the rule in this case . Sotomayor voted to uphold The Affordable Care Act in 2012 in a blockbuster Supreme Court ruling that gave Obama an enormous political victory . Obamacare seeks to extend health coverage to millions of Americans without it and is the President 's signature domestic achievement . It is relentlessly under attack from conservatives who have made numerous attempts to repeal or otherwise sink it , and is the focus of numerous legal challenges .	Sotomayor upheld Obamacare last year , now she 's in the spotlight again in another appeal She issued stay to give Denver nuns reprieve on providing birth control to workers "  She just placed a single case on hold . She did not overturn Obamacare , " analyst says Sotomayor got the case because the nuns live in Denver , a town in her "  region "
Washington  CNN  -- Oil could turn Gulf marshlands into open water and affect millions of migratory birds for generations , Tom Moorman , the senior science official and leader of the oil spill task force for Ducks Unlimited said Friday . It has taken more than 50 years for the plant root network holding the marshlands together at the base of the Mississippi River to form , he said at a briefing for reporters . If destroyed , the marshlands would flood and become open water , he added . Louisiana marshland has shrunk from 3 million acres to 1.2 million acres , or 40 percent , since the turn of the century , and toxic oil would accelerate that , he said . He said that more than 13 million migratory birds come to the Gulf marshlands each winter , though the exact number is hard to determine . If oil enters and lingers in the Gulf marshlands through the late summer and fall , it will affect millions migratory birds that rely on marshland resources for the winter , Moorman said . "  We ca n't even estimate the number  of birds  , " he said . "  It 's just that kind of a place . " It 's difficult to to implement restoration efforts now when they do n't know where the oil is going or what the impacts are right now , he said . "  In my career of 19 years I 've never seen a situation with so much uncertainty , " he said . Ryan Lambert , a fishing tour captain for Cajun Fishing Adventures , spoke at the same briefing about watching oil wash away 29 years of knowledge learned on the job . "  My books are just red with cancellations right now , " he said . Once oil enters the wetlands , it 's hard to get out so prevention is key , Moorman said . Cleanup efforts are in action in marshland areas already hit by oil , he said . For the birds , oil could kill them quickly by covering their plumage and preventing temperature control , slowly poison them through their food supply of oysters , insects and plants , or inflict "  sublethal impacts " by causing reproduction problems when they head back north for winter , Moorman said . If necessary , Moorman said , flooding agriculture areas nearby should be considered in the hope some birds would migrate to those areas this winter . Even if they created manmade marshes , however , they ca n't control the birds , he said . Lambert called for sediment deposits to rebuild the marshlands so that nature could heal itself . Ducks Unlimited and its partners will know how to begin the restoration once the spill is stopped and damage can be evaluated , Moorman said .	Oil in Gulf marshlands could destroy the root system of the Louisiana marsh plants and turn the areas into open water Oil will impact millions of migratory birds that rely on marshland resources for the winter Oil hurts birds by covering their plumage , poisoning their food supply and damaging reproduction Experts will know more of what to do for the marshes and birds once the spill is stopped
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina  CNN  -- When polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs appeared in a Las Vegas courtroom last August , Kathy Jo Nicholson , a former member of Jeffs ' sect , felt fearful even though she was only watching him on television . Nicholson , roughly 13 years of age , is shown here with five of her sisters and two of her mothers . "  It devastated me . It elated me . It made me afraid . I looked at this man that was so powerful in my life ... and he was just so thin and pale , " she said . Today , as Warren Jeffs sits at Utah 's Purgatory Correctional Facility awaiting trial , Nicholson has started talking publicly about her childhood in the church Jeffs led -- the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints  FLDS  . She hopes that by sharing her story she will help others struggling with similar issues . "  My hope is that they , they 'll see it , and it 'll mean something , " the 36-year-old said . Nicholson recently co-authored an article about leaving her polygamous community for Glamour magazine and is planning to write a book as well . Jeffs , whose approximately 10,000 followers practice polygamy mainly in Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , is charged in Utah with being an accomplice to rape by arranging the marriage of a 14-year-old girl to her 19-year-old cousin . He faces additional charges in Arizona . Go inside Warren Jeffs ' world " As a child , Nicholson had three mothers and 12 siblings . She considers it a typical FLDS home . At the age of 14 , Nicholson started sewing her wedding dress in anticipation of getting married . She knew that at any moment she could be whisked away to meet her husband and that her future likely would include at least two "  sister wives . " But Nicholson had doubts whether she could live the life before her . "  I 've always liked a lot of attention . And when it hit me that I could possibly and most likely absolutely would be sharing my husband , I began doubting that I could live that way , " she said . That perspective got Nicholson in trouble at Alta Academy , the FLDS-run high school whose headmaster was Warren Jeffs . "  He beat the kids there . He humiliated the kids there . And as time went on and I was n't so devoted to being perfect and sweet , he held me up as an example and humiliated me , " she said . Jeffs would force children -- Nicholson included -- to stand on a chair in front of the class and flex their buttocks muscles , according to Nicholson . She does n't know how he came upon this particular punishment . "  As I got more and more rebellious , he would come up behind me while I was in a group and seize me by the back of the neck and lean down and whisper in my ear , ` Are you keeping sweet or do you need to be punished ? ' " she said . Jeffs wrote a letter to Nicholson 's parents saying that he was concerned about her and a friend , because "  when around boys , and even younger boys , they would outwardly show their cuteness , seemingly to have the younger boys relate their cute behavior to older boys . " After getting caught passing notes to a boy , Nicholson was expelled from Alta Academy . She began working in an FLDS-owned factory full of other youths who openly questioned their religion . It was a common destination for FLDS kids kicked out of high school . At 18 , she eloped with a young man from within the community . Their marriage was not accepted by the FLDS or their families because they had gone outside of the church , to a justice of the peace , for the ceremony . So they packed up a U-Haul and headed toward California . "  That 's when I cried the very most , " she said tearfully . "  Because I was leaving my family , everything that I had ever known , my friends and God behind . And I was choosing it . " That marriage fell apart , but in 2003 Nicholson persuaded her family to allow her brother to come live with her . He never went back . Within months , her birth mother came for a visit and she also never returned to the church . Nicholson feels fortunate she helped two relatives leave the church , but this has not been without consequence . The FLDS no longer permits Nicholson 's relatives to communicate with her and she does n't even know where the rest of her family lives . As glad as Nicholson is to see Jeffs behind bars and awaiting trial , she finds it unsettling to see a man who led the community in which she was raised now reduced to such a pathetic state . Still , she recalls a moment during Jeffs ' first court appearance that showed he 's not an entirely broken man . "  He had the downcast look that he would have when he was very disappointed in somebody , right before he 'd start a beating or whatever or give a scolding . ... And then he looked up at the camera and gave this smirk , and that was the smirk that he would give before he damned you straight to hell or gave you the beating of your life or altered a rule that would absolutely devastate your household , " Nicholson said . The FLDS broke from the mainline Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , based in Salt Lake City , Utah , over the practice of polygamy . The Mormon church , which gave up plural marriage more than a century ago , has no ties to Jeffs ' group . E-mail to a friend	Kathy Jo Nicholson grew up in a polygamous home and community Polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs was the headmaster at her school Nicholson , who flew from the community , says Jeffs was a harsh disciplinarian
San Diego , California  CNN  -- You 're a mean one , Mr. Gingrich . Well , not really . Those of us who know Newt Gingrich tend to describe him as not only intelligent but also charming . Some members of the Washington press corps will admit as much , even though they usually do n't agree with Gingrich 's views . No matter . Facts should n't get in the way of a good smear . And at the moment , the left is trying to dampen the appeal of the former House speaker and current GOP presidential front-runner by likening him to a green and hairy Dr. Seuss character who tries to steal Christmas . Only in the real life version , Gingrich is supposedly at war with the poor for saying this : "  Really poor children in really poor neighborhoods have no habits of working and have nobody around them who works , so they literally have no habit of showing up on Monday . " That narrative was front and center again this week as Gingrich explained his remarks to reporters gathered at a New York press conference , emphasizing that he believes the secret to getting America working again is to teach some Americans how to work . "  I 've been talking a little bit about the importance of work , " Gingrich said , "  particularly as it relates to people who are in areas where there are public housing where there are relatively few people who go to work . " At one point , Gingrich turned the tables on the reporters and asked them a question . He wanted to know , "  How many of you earned some money doing something before you were 10 years old , whether it was cutting grass or babysitting or something ? " Talk to hugely successful people , Gingrich said , and most of them will say that they got an early start learning about jobs and responsibility and earning money for their labor . Tragically , that 's not happening with many young people today . Gingrich pointed out that , for instance , among African-American teenagers , the unemployment rate is a staggering 43 % . Now , you can spin a statistic like that one of two ways . You can say these unemployed black teenagers are helpless victims and the system is working against them . Or you can say that many of these teenagers are unemployable because no one ever taught them the skills necessary to hold down a job . Gingrich thinks government should have a hand in creating a "  pathway to work " so "  people get in the work habit and learn the skills to be successful . " Bravo for Newt . Politicians do n't usually speak this way , which is why so many of them have mastered the art of talking for hours without saying anything of importance . I ca n't imagine Mitt Romney saying these things ; he 's too busy telling people what they want to hear to tell them what they need to hear . This subject is as important as they come , and Gingrich deserves credit for kicking off the discussion , especially since he was sure to be pummeled for stating the obvious . Here 's the obvious : Americans have lost their work ethic , and some never had one to lose . They grow up -- or put more precisely , they 're raised -- thinking of so many jobs as beneath them that they wake up one day not knowing how to do any job . Gingrich was right on the money . But I would go further than he did . This is n't just a problem for black Americans ; it 's a problem for all Americans . In fact , as someone who speaks to groups all over the country and who spends a fair amount of time visiting high schools and colleges , I worry less about students from poor families who lack resources and opportunities than I do about those from the upper-middle class who lack passion and purpose . Poor kids often have a fire in their belly , a desire to improve their lot and help their parents . Upper-middle class kids can be harder to motivate , especially if they 've never been taught to work by their parents . You think I 'm kidding . I remember once seeing a 21-year-old struggle with how to hold a broom and sweep the floor . It was n't his fault . No one had ever taught him how to do that chore -- or any other . Whenever I write about young people and the jobs they wo n't do , I hear from dozens of employers with stories of their own . The common theme in all those e-mails is that we 've been too soft on our kids and have n't demanded enough from them , something we hardly notice because we 've allowed illegal immigrants to pick up the slack . Parents used to make their children work after school , or on weekends , or during summer break , to earn extra money to buy what they wanted . They gave them a list of chores to do to earn their allowances . No chores , no allowances . Today , parents find it easier to skip the chores and buy their kids what they want , which is no good for anyone and no good for society . You know what is good ? This conversation , and others like it . No subject this important should be off limits . After all , how do we fix a problem if it is considered taboo to even mention it ? Newt Gingrich had the courage to mention the problem of America 's vanishing work ethic , and emphasize the need to restore it . And for that , Americans should be thankful . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Newt Gingrich said poor teens do n't see people working so do n't learn work habits We have lost our work ethic , Navarrette says . Not just poor kids : richer kids lack purpose Navarrette : Gingrich got in hot water talking about it , but it should not be a taboo subject
CNN  -- Pop superstar Madonna reaches a major milestone Saturday . She 's turning 50 . Becky Oliphant went skydiving two weeks before turning 50 . "  I 'm doing things I 've never done before , " she said . The singer is showing no signs of slowing down as she reaches 50 . She will soon begin a world tour and is still regarded as a beauty and fashion icon by many . In honor of Madonna 's big day , we asked iReporters to share their stories about turning 50 and what the milestone means to them . Dr. Becky Oliphant jokes with her marketing students at Stetson University in DeLand , Florida , that she and Madonna are just months apart in age . Oliphant turned 50 in May . Oliphant went skydiving with her graduate class weeks before her birthday . The jump was a first for her , one of many exciting things Oliphant hopes to experience now that she 's 50 . "  It 's a very liberating feeling , " she said . "  I 'm doing things I 've never done before ; I 'm trying more things . Maybe it 's because I feel like I do n't have that much time left to do everything that I want to . " Oliphant says she works hard to maintain a healthy diet and walks often . She said it 's necessary to stay in shape to keep up with her sons , ages 12 and 14 . "  I have to stay young to keep up with them . " John Tackett Jr. celebrated turning 50 by running in a marathon in San Diego , California , followed by two days of hiking in Yosemite National Park . See photos of iReporters who have reached the 50-year mark " Now 51 , Tackett says he 's "  doing more now than I ever thought I could . " After losing 140 pounds in 2004 , Tackett has embraced a healthy and active lifestyle . He bikes three times a week to work and runs and swims on a regular basis . He ran the Boston Marathon in 3 hours and 45 minutes in April . Three weeks later , he clocked in at 6 1/2 hours during a half-Iron Man competition in Panama City Beach , Florida . Watch Tackett describe how he prepared for races " "  As I got older , my eyes opened up , " Tackett said . Learning that the human life span is increasing made him realize the importance of staying healthy . In 2006 , life expectancy at birth in the United States hit a record high of 78.1 years , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Life expectancy for white males is 76 years , and white women have a life expectancy of 81 years . The numbers are slightly lower for black men and women , at 70 and 76.9 years , respectively . "  If I 'm going to live that long , I want to be in the best shape I possibly can be , " Tackett said . At 50 , Deborah Elston says she 's in the best shape of her life . The Chicago , Illinois , resident does yoga and walks at least 15 miles a week . She and her partner regularly walk 13.1-mile half marathons , and Elston recently completed 26-mile marathon walk with the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society . Although she was not athletic in her younger years , Elston works hard to stay active . Her brother died of a heart attack in February 2004 at the age of 39 , a tragedy that strengthened her desire to be healthy . "  If that is n't a wakeup call to live each day as if it were your last , nothing is , " she wrote on iReport.com . Although Elston said the thought of turning 50 initially scared her , she continues to feel "  young at heart . " iReport.com : See why Elston thinks "  50 is the new 30 " "  I feel great and plan on fighting the aging process every step of the way , " she said . Like many iReporters , Carol Herm is embracing 50 with open arms . The mother of three celebrated her 50th in December and said that , since then , "  life has taken off . " "  I feel like I am the best ` me ' I have ever been , " she wrote on iReport.com . "  I am confident and so sure of myself , something that I never enjoyed in my younger years . " Herm , who lives in Newtown Square , Pennsylvania , said she and her husband love being 50 . With three grown children , they spend more time together and less time worrying about the cost of braces , tuition and other expenses . "  This is an awesome age , " Herm said . "  My husband and I are enjoying every minute . " Elonda Abrams of Beaverton , Oregon , agrees . "  Turning 50 has given me a new awakening and zest for life , " she said . Abrams explained that a vigorous lifestyle is achieved physically and mentally . She exercises often , has a healthy diet , surrounds herself with positive friends and regularly attends church . Abrams believes that Madonna is just one example of "  the 50 , fit and foxy club . " "  I want to be an example to women all over that age really does n't matter . "	As Madonna celebrates her birthday , iReporters share what it means to be 50 Becky Oliphant celebrated her 50th by skydiving in Florida After losing 140 pounds , John Tackett says he 's more active than ever iReport.com : Are you 50 and fabulous ? Share your story
Washington  CNN  -- Proposed universal background checks of firearms purchases wo n't stop gun violence , but would serve agendas of people "  bent on destroying the Second Amendment , " a top National Rifle Association official told a conservative political conference on Friday . Wayne LaPierre , the executive vice president of the influential NRA , received repeated cheers and prolonged applause at the Conservative Political Action Conference when he took on proposals to toughen gun laws in the aftermath of the Connecticut school massacre that killed 20 first graders last December . According to LaPierre , an arrogant political and media elite wants to subvert the bedrock right to freedom that he said made America better than other countries . Possible 2016 candidates make CPAC pilgrimage He repeatedly questioned the logic and even the sanity of President Barack Obama 's administration and other advocates of new gun laws , and he implored supporters to "  stand up and fight " now and in future elections to protect their right to own guns . "  No matter what the elitists who scorn you say , let them be damned , " LaPierre declared . In particular , LaPierre took aim at Vice President Joe Biden for saying recently that a 12-gauge shotgun would provide better protection for women under threat at home than a high-powered semi-automatic rifle targeted by a proposed ban . "  The vice president of the United States actually told women facing an attack to just empty their shotguns into the air , " LaPierre said . "  Honestly , have they lost their minds over at the White House ? " With the crowd cheering , he added : "  Keep your advice , we 'll keep our guns . " The Senate Judiciary Committee this week sent four proposals to the full Senate for consideration , including an updated ban on semi-automatic firearms modeled after military assault weapons . Other measures would expand federal gun laws against gun trafficking and straw purchases and broaden background checks to include private firearms sales . Major conservative conference comes at crucial time for GOP A fourth proposal that would establish a framework for the Department of Education to set safety guidelines aimed at protecting schools from gun violence was the only one to get significant bipartisan support from the committee . LaPierre insisted Friday that expanded background checks were a first step toward a liberal desire to create a national gun registry . "  In the end , there are only two reasons for government to create that federal registry of gun owners -- to tax them or to take them , " he said . Supporters of expanded checks deny the legislation would create such a registry . Will states go where Congress has n't on gun laws ? LaPierre repeated the NRA 's call for armed guards in every U.S. school and expressed bemused frustration with those who ridiculed his position . Noting a Department of Homeland Security video that advised people threatened by an armed attacker to fight back with any weapon handy , such as a pair of scissors , LaPierre responded with scorn . "  Let 's get this straight , " he said to applause . "  To protect our children at school , we recommend a trained professional with a gun and they recommend scissors ? And they say we 're crazy ? It 's sheer madness . " Study links gun laws and lower gun mortality	The NRA 's Wayne LaPierre delivers pro-gun red meat to political conservatives "  Keep your advice ; we 'll keep our guns , " LaPierre tells the White House "  Let them be damned , " LaPierre says of those who scorn opponents of gun control Proposed tougher gun laws seek to subvert the Second Amendment , he says
CNN  -- Since the Xbox One 's release last fall , customers have been waiting  some more patiently than others  for that one great game that would single-handedly justify the purchase of the next-generation video game console . "  Titanfall , " the first game from Respawn Entertainment , appears ready to assume the mantle . First revealed at E3 2013 in Los Angeles , "  Titanfall " had already garnered more than 60 awards before its release last week . Now , players are getting their first shot to play as the athletic pilots of monstrously large robotic titans , stomping across highly detailed terrain in a game even the makers of the Xbox say could be one for the ages . "  We think  Titanfall  can very much be a game-defining moment for Xbox One as a platform because of how much it has lit up the imagination of gamers everywhere and how it takes advantage of the unique features of Xbox One , " said Microsoft Xbox Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer Yusuf Mehdi . "  I think people really are excited about it . It is why people spent hundreds of dollars to have the best game experience possible . " Some of the creators of "  Titanfall " have a pretty good idea what it is like to have that kind of pressure on a game . Respawn founder and CEO Vince Zampella was also the CEO of Infinity Ward , which developed the hit , "  Call of Duty " series . Zampella told CNN he is amazed about the level of excitement for his new game , and welcomes the expectations . "  You put your heart into it . You want it to be the best thing ever and you want it to be universally accepted as well , " he said . "  It blows us away -- the enthusiasm for the title . " Asked if the expectations were too great for "  Titanfall , " he said with a laugh , "  If I say yes , it makes me look like I do n't have confidence in the game . If I say no , it feels like I 'm being arrogant . " Zampella said "  Titanfall " could n't have existed without the increased gaming power and features of the Xbox One console . He said Microsoft 's cloud architecture allows designers to raise the visual and competitive level of the game without sacrificing other elements . "  Where we take advantage of it really is using Microsoft 's back end to do things we could n't normally do in multiplayer games like putting all that AI  artificial intelligence  and that extra flash in those cinematic moments , " he said . "  We are able to do much more with the game . With Microsoft providing that to us , that 's money and resources that we really did n't have . " Microsoft 's Mehdi said game developers were able to store a lot of the computing that "  Titanfall " uses directly onto Microsoft servers . "  That 's something unique that we 've done with these dedicated servers , " he said . "  We 've spent a lot of money to back every Xbox One console with hundreds of thousands of servers to have great gameplay . " "  Titanfall 's " appeal lies in its ability to allow many people to play together in a rich environment with exciting gameplay , much like "  Call of Duty " did on the Xbox 360 . Zampella said the real adventure and fun begins when players realize how much freedom they have during the game . "  It really is about that balance of gameplay where sometimes you are in a titan , sometimes you 're not . Sometimes you want to be , sometimes you do n't . Both sides  pilot and titan  are powerful and feel good and have a benefit in a different way , " he said . "  It is n't just about getting to Point B and crushing everybody . It is a whole , very balanced pilot ballet , I guess . " Early launch reaction was generally good , with servers for the Xbox One holding up well under the stress of the initial rush . PC users have had some issues with connection problems , but Respawn is said to be working on those for a quick resolution . And it looks like the game itself is helping sell an entire system . Sales of the Xbox One in Great Britain have nearly doubled since Friday , when "  Titanfall " was released there . "  We have had a tradition of a big , multiplayer , epic game that defines each one of our console generations , " Mehdi said . "  Whether it was the original Xbox with ` Halo , ' there has always been a great game to define the generation . ` Titanfall ' is certainly going to be one of those for Xbox One , no question . "	"  Titanfall " could be the defining game for Xbox One Title is by "  Call of Duty " creators Game used Microsoft servers during its creation Early numbers show Xbox One sales spike along with "  Titanfall "
Sana'a , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemeni forces have killed Said al-Shihri , second in command of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemeni Defense Ministry said Monday . A Yemeni government official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said officials are waiting for DNA confirmation . If confirmed , the death "  would be a deeply significant blow against AQAP , " CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . Security Clearance : Dead , captured and wanted The killing of al-Shihri and other AQAP leaders "  is leading to the gradual dismantlement of the group , " CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said . White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan in April described AQAP as "  very , very dangerous " and "  the most active operational franchise " of al Qaeda . FBI Director Robert Mueller told Congress in May that al Qaeda and its affiliates , "  especially al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , currently represent the top counterterrorism threat to the nation . " The group was behind the so-called underwear bomb attempt on a U.S.-bound international flight on Christmas Day 2009 and an effort to smuggle bombs in printer cartridges onto U.S.-bound cargo planes in 2010 . Al-Shihri , who was once held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba , was killed Monday in an operation in Hadramawt Valley , state-run news agency SABA reported . Six other terrorists were killed as well , the military said in its statement , posted on an official website . One security official said that a brother of senior AQAP leader Nadir al-Shadadi was among those killed . While the Yemeni military said al-Shihri was killed in "  an operation by the armed forces , " three local security officials told CNN that a U.S. drone conducted the strike . The United States generally does not comment on reported drone strikes . "  For weeks we have known his destination and were waiting for the right time to conduct this major operation . The attack makes al Qaeda a handicapped network , " a senior Defense Ministry official told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . Officials : Al Qaeda affiliate surrounded at last Yemen stronghold In November 2007 , al-Shihri , a Saudi national , was transferred from Guantanamo Bay to Saudi custody to undergo a program designed to lead people away from terrorism . Despite travel restrictions requiring him to stay in Saudi Arabia , he left for Yemen , where he joined another former Guantanamo detainee to assume leadership of AQAP , the U.S. House Armed Services Committee said in a document about detainees who resume terrorism . The U.S. State Department notes that he was publicly identified in January 2009 as the deputy leader of AQAP . "  As deputy of AQAP , al-Shihri helps carry out terrorist acts by generating targets , recruiting new members , assisting with training and attack planning , and tasking others in the preparation of attacks , " the State Department said . He is believed to have played a key operational role within AQAP , including the planning of attacks inside Yemen and a failed attack to the kill the head of Saudi counterterrorism in 2009 , Cruickshank said . Al-Shihri "  was the most important Saudi figure within the group . He was key to AQAP 's recruitment of Saudis and their fund-raising in the kingdom , " Cruickshank said . In December 2009 , Yemen said it thought al-Shihri was at the site of an aerial assault against senior al Qaeda operatives . But later reports said he had apparently escaped the attack . Officials : 5 suspected al Qaeda killed in Yemen drone strike Residents in the Hadramawt Valley said that Yemeni Air Force planes and U.S. drones have been roaming the skies for four days . On Sunday , Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi said Yemeni authorities had uncovered three al Qaeda plots to attack populous areas in the provinces of Sana'a , Aden and Hadramawt . Meanwhile , clashes intensified Monday between al Qaeda and the pro-government Popular Resistance Committees in the town of Shaqra , the third day of fighting . Three al Qaeda militants were killed in the clashes , two local security officials said . "  Al Qaeda is attempting to retake the areas it lost in May . It is sending its fighters back to Abyan , " one of the security officials told CNN on condition of anonymity because of sensitivity of the issue . After the Yemeni government announced victory against AQAP in the towns of Jaar , Zinjibar and Shaqra in late May , the terrorist group carried out numerous suicide bombings in various provinces , killing hundreds of troops . One of the bombings killed the commander of Yemen 's southern military region , Salem Qatan , the highest-ranking military official killed in Yemen 's fight against terrorism . Al Qaeda diminished , but not gone Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sana'a ; CNN 's Josh Levs reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : If confirmed , the death "  would be a deeply significant blow , " a CNN analyst says NEW : Three local security officials say a U.S. drone conducted the strike NEW : "  The attack makes al Qaeda a handicapped network , " a Yemeni official says Said al-Shihri was once held at Guantanamo Bay
CNN  -- A cease-fire has been forged between the Philippine army and the separatist Moro National Liberation Front , state media reported on Friday , citing Vice President Jejomar Binay . He made the announcement during an interview . The truce , which was to take effect at midnight , effectively ended five days of fighting that left people dead and wounded . The army and the militants were locked in a tense standoff in southern Zamboanga City . Binay said Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin and MNLF founding chair Nur Misuari informed him of the cease-fire . Binay said that he will fly to the city on Saturday to help in the peace arrangements . Days of unrest The unrest has fueled fears of increased instability in a region where the central government is pursuing a new peace plan after decades of violence . The crisis in Zamboanga City began when large numbers of rebels from the Muslim militant group came ashore at the start of the week . The outbreaks of violence have killed 11 rebels , five members of the security forces and two civilians , Brig. Gen. Domingo Tutaan , a spokesman for the Philippine military said Friday . Dozens of others have been wounded , he said . Authorities estimated about 180 rebels are holding roughly 170 hostages in six districts . Security forces blockaded affected areas , and the two sides have sporadically exchanged gunfire over the past five days . Speaking Friday at the Armed Forces of the Philippines ' headquarters in Zamboanga City , President Benigno Aquino III warned rebel hostage-takers that they face the use of force if they further threaten civilians . "  There are limits , if there is an increased threat to the safety to innocent civilians , " Aquino said . "  There are lines that they can not cross . If they cross those lines , we will be obligated to use the state 's force against them . " Some hostages have managed to escape , and about 20 rebels have been detained , authorities said . Thousands of people have been evacuated from the rebel-held districts in Zamboanga , a city of about 800,000 on the southwestern tip of the island of Mindanao . Separatist movements The MNLF , a separatist movement founded in 1971 by Misuari with the aim of establishing an autonomous region for Muslims in the mainly Catholic Philippines , signed a peace deal with the central government in Manila in 1996 . But some of its members have broken away to continue a violent campaign . Last month , Misuari issued a "  declaration of independence " for the Moro nation -- referring to Mindanao 's indigenous Muslim population -- after complaining that the MNLF had been left out of a recent wealth-sharing agreement with another insurgent group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on resource-rich Mindanao . Under the agreement signed this year , Muslims will get a 75 % share of income derived from the exploitation of metallic minerals in the area -- reported to include gold and copper . Aquino wants to achieve a lasting peace in the region by 2016 , when his term ends . Agreements have yet to be reached on power-sharing and normalization , which means giving up arms . A report published last year by the International Crisis Group warned that the peace process needed to find ways to support insurgents as they build normal , civilian lives . CNN 's TIm Schwarz and Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	NEW : Vice President announces cease-fire for midnight Friday Muslim rebels were believed to be holding around 170 hostages Security forces blockaded the rebels in certain districts of the city President Aquino warned the rebels not to increase the threat to civilians
CNN  -- A strong storm system Wednesday brought rain and winds that shut down the Statue of Liberty and delayed flights for more than four hours at airports in the mid-Atlantic and Northeast . Flight times were almost back to normal by late Wednesday . The wind snapped a large lighted Christmas tree at the South Street Seaport a few blocks from the Brooklyn Bridge , CNN New York affiliate WABC reported . No injuries were reported . The Statue of Liberty was forced to close at 2 p.m. because of inclement weather , the National Park Service said on Twitter . Weather permitting , the venue was expected to reopen Thursday Heavy rain triggered flooding in some Eastern states a day after the system raked the Southeast . "  The flooding is getting way worse " near Austin , Pennsylvania , said CNN iReporter Marcia , who asked that only her first name be used . "  They are closing down roads . Some people have been evacuated . ... This is worse than the '72 flood , from what I am hearing . " The storm system brought flooding and snow to areas around Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , on Wednesday , slowing commuters and prompting some schools to open late , according to CNN affiliate WPXI . CNN has confirmed that there is a state of emergency in Butler County , Pennsylvania , until at least Thursday morning because of the flooding due to storms from late Tuesday and Wednesday . During much of the day , ground stops were in effect for New York 's John F. Kennedy and LaGuardia airports because of low clouds and heavy rain , according to CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris . Flight delays of more than four hours had been reported at the Newark , New Jersey , airport , and delays of more than an hour were reported at airports in Teterboro , New Jersey , and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . One person was killed and a second injured Wednesday when high winds caused a tree to fall on a car with two people in it in West Milford , New Jersey , according to the National Weather Service in Upton , New York . Tracy Gill , another CNN iReporter , awoke to rising waters in Coudersport , Pennsylvania . Gill estimated the water to be about a foot deep and still rising . "  I was unable to leave to pick up my daughter from preschool . The road is pretty much gone , " Gill said . On Wednesday , the storm system set its sights on much of the Eastern Seaboard . Severe thunderstorms were possible from the Florida Panhandle north to Maryland , and flash flooding was possible from northern Georgia into Vermont and New Hampshire , according to the National Weather Service . Also Wednesday , the National Weather Service confirmed that it was a tornado -- packing winds of 130 mph -- that tore through suburban Atlanta , Georgia , on Tuesday , damaging more than 50 homes and a business . The structures were damaged in Buford , Georgia , in Gwinnett County , by an EF-2 tornado , said Steve Nelson , science and operations officer for the National Weather Service 's forecast office in Peachtree City , Georgia . "  It was terrifying at the time , " Edwin Pellicia , resident of a hard-hit Buford subdivision , told CNN affiliate WXIA . "  Now you 're just thankful to be alive . ... Today , you really appreciate the time that you have with family and having your life . " At least 56 homes and one business in the area were damaged by the tornado . Twelve of those homes suffered major damage . There were no reported injuries . One person , a 54-year-old man , died in a traffic accident in Gwinnett County on Tuesday while the storms were moving through , according to the county 's police department . Strong winds associated with the storm apparently caused a tree to break in half and fall on the his vehicle , officials said in a statement . In Atlanta on Tuesday , the system downed trees and power lines and snarled the afternoon commute , with roads in several areas closed because of flooding . Video showed damaged roofs and trees in northern Gwinnett County , about 35 miles northeast of downtown Atlanta . A tornado warning had not been issued for the neighborhood where the damage occurred . Footage showed one home missing an exterior corner , with siding and insulation strewn about the area . "  I was on my way home from work , and the parents were calling us to see if the kids were OK . I knew a tornado hit at Gravel Springs -LSB- Road -RSB- ; I did n't know it was going to be our house , " resident Erin Birdsong told affiliate WSB . "  I personally ran into the bathroom , " resident Ortiz Edwards told affiliate WGCL . "  The whole subdivision is devastated . " Rescue crews conducted door-to-door searches to make sure everyone in the area was accounted for . Several families had to find a place to stay overnight , according to WGCL . "  We 've got pillows and tennis shoes , change of clothes . ... Hopefully  we 'll  get back here tomorrow and start the cleanup process , " resident Ashley Tremblay said . Pellicia said the upcoming holiday season will be more meaningful to him because of the experience . "  It 's going to look different , but it 's going to mean a whole lot more , " he told WXIA . In addition , several residents expressed gratitude that no one lost their life , adding that homes can be repaired . Tornadoes during this time of year can be particularly dangerous because they are fast-moving and obscured by rain and darkness , according to Morris . In Mississippi , state authorities dispatched emergency crews Tuesday to survey the damage after an onslaught of severe weather that injured at least 32 people , damaged property in 10 counties and cut power . Four tornadoes classified as EF-2 hit the state , the National Weather Service forecast office in Jackson said Tuesday evening . Two were in Yazoo County , one slammed Starkville , and the fourth touched down in Raleigh . An EF-2 twister  on the Enhanced Fujita Tornado Damage Scale  produces wind gusts , estimated by damage assessments , of 110 to 137 mph , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . In Attala County , storms destroyed nine mobile homes , injured six people and left parts of the area without power , the service said . A tornado touched down in Yazoo County on Monday night , causing damage to a courthouse in downtown Yazoo City and tossing debris in a wide area , according to an emergency management spokesman . The twister touched down about 8:05 p.m. , according to the National Weather Service 's Jackson office . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Flooding reported in Pittsburgh , elsewhere in Pennsylvania NEW : Conditions improve at region 's airports Winds break Christmas tree near Brooklyn Bridge The weather service confirms an EF-2 tornado damaged homes in Georgia
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania day care center is pursuing a federal civil rights lawsuit against a swim club that canceled the center 's membership , the day care director and attorney told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday . Some kids from the Creative Steps Day Care Center say white members of a swim club made racial remarks . "  Specifically , the lawsuit will be based on violations of Title II of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 which relates to the denial of access and use and advantages of a public accommodation , " attorney Carolyn Wright said . "  The humiliation , embarrassment , and the scarring and suffering of the children -- that would be covered by our claim for compensatory damages . " Wright said the center -- attended by many minority children -- is also seeking "  punitive damages to punish the club for the harm that they 've done to the children . " The dispute started after the Valley Swim Club , in Huntingdon Valley , Pennsylvania , revoked the swimming privileges of about 65 children from the largely minority Creative Steps day care center after one visit on June 29 . Some black and Hispanic children said white club members made racist comments to them during that visit , asking why "  black children were there " and raising concerns that "  they might steal from us . " The day care center had originally contracted to use the pool during the summer , but the club canceled the agreement and returned the day care center 's $ 1,950 check without explanation . The club canceled contracts with two other day care centers because of safety and crowding , swim club director John Duesler said . Those two other centers have not protested the club 's actions . The issue was exacerbated when Duesler told two Philadelphia television stations the children had changed "  the complexion " and "  atmosphere " of the club . The comment brought protesters outside the facility . Duesler later said that safety and crowding -- not racism -- prompted the cancellation . As the controversy grew and reached national news shows , the swim club asked the Creative Steps day care to return . It refused and said it would pursue a lawsuit . Creative Steps Director Alethea Wright told CNN that the club did not reach out directly to her facility to invite them back to the pool . "  My attorneys have not received any written invitation for us to come back , " Wright said Wednesday . "  The only thing that I 've heard has been third party via the media . " She said she offered to come to a resolution but she said Duesler told her following a meeting of the club 's board , " ` Let the chips fall where they may . ' " Wright said the situation has adversely affected the children . "  The children are not doing well at all ... it 's really coming to the surface how these children have been affected , " she said . "  They 're asking questions -LSB- like -RSB- are they too dark to go into the pool ? " Watch what children allege club members said to them " The swim club has been subpoenaed by Pennsylvania 's Human Relations Commission , which has begun a fact-finding investigation , said the wife of the club 's director , Bernice Duesler . She told CNN on Tuesday night that the club "  could not handle a lawsuit . " "  We do n't have the money . We 're just a small club . We 're volunteers , " she said . "  I hope we can teach our children a lesson -- that you should admit errors . We should have done things differently . And if there are differences , we can overcome them . " She again denied the claims of racism and expressed hope of reaching a resolution . Watch swim club 's explanation of incident " "  I wish we had come up with better solutions . I wish we had it to do all over again , " she said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Pennsylvania day care center is pursuing federal civil rights lawsuit against club Swim club canceled largely minority center 's membership Kids claim club members made racist comments , kicked them out of pool Swim club officials have denied racism allegations , say facility was overcrowded
CNN  -- In July 2000 , Bill Elliott and his wife , Muriel , were woken up by a knock on the door at 4 a.m. "  I heard the knocking and I thought , ` Oh my God , my son is dead . ' I just knew . And then I heard  Muriel  scream and that nightmare became a reality , " says Bill . Nearly a third of all U.S. traffic-related deaths in 2010 -- more than 10,000 people -- involved alcohol , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Their son , John , was killed by a drunk driver while driving home to celebrate his mother 's birthday . A few months later , Bill and Muriel Elliott started an organization to keep people from getting behind the wheel drunk . Called the Ensign John R. Elliott HERO Campaign for Designated Drivers , the goal of the organization is to register a million designated drivers . The name comes from John 's experience at the Naval Academy . During his senior year , John was selected by his peers to be a HERO  human education resource officer .  "  They saw him as a great leader who made them laugh and saw the humor and the positive in everything , " says Bill . The Elliotts wanted to carry that theme into the campaign . "  Out of our heartbreak , we wanted to do something to honor our son , and that was an expression of his positive nature , " says Bill . "  John represents all victims and all the people whose lives we are trying to save , and I think he would 've liked that . " The HERO Campaign message is simple : Be a HERO . Be a designated driver . Bill says the group has "  a serious mission and a serious goal which can be achieved by people doing the right thing and appealing to the HERO in everybody . The HERO campaign is active in seven states and partners with law enforcement , schools and local businesses . Billboards , decals and magnets are used to get the message out . "  People see the billboard , they see sticker on the car , they go into a bar and they see the poster on the wall , and they 're going to say , ` What is this HERO campaign ? ' " It 's a simple reminder , says Bill : "  Who 's your driver tonight ? Who 's your HERO tonight ? " The group holds annual events like the HERO Walk and the HERO Golf Tournament . Last year over 2,000 people walked on the boardwalk in Ocean City , New Jersey , to show their support . "  It 's really something that 's captured the support of the community , because everybody has the same reaction when I talk about that knock on the door . That is the knock you never want to get , " says Bill . The Elliotts hope that because of their message , other families will be spared from hearing that knock on the door at 4 a.m.	Bill and Muriel Elliott started a campaign to honor their son , killed by a drunk driver The HERO Campaign hopes to persuade more people to use designated drivers The HERO Campaign is in seven states and partners with law enforcement , schools , bars CDC : Nearly a third of all U.S. traffic-related deaths in 2010 were alcohol related
CNN  -- Microsoft is going all out in an attempt to push customers to its new Windows Phone 8 operating system . All it has to do is convince people the platform is better than Google 's Android and Apple 's iOS . Easy , right ? The company officially launched the latest version of its smartphone OS on Monday in San Francisco . The press event is part of a larger marketing blitz by Microsoft , which started last week with the rollout of its new Windows 8 OS for PCs and tablets , and its new Surface tablet , which aims to take on the iPad . Soon , you wo n't be able open a magazine or watch TV without seeing an ad for the new Windows products , CEO Steve Ballmer said . Big tech launches like these are piling up in the weeks leading up to the holiday shopping season . Last week , Apple announced its new iPad Mini , a fourth-generation iPad and a refreshed line of laptop and desktop computers . Google also announced news on Monday on its blog , including a new Nexus 4 handset and updates to its Nexus 7 and Nexus 10 tablets . The devices will go on sale November 13 . The company had planned to unveil the products at a large event in New York City but canceled at the last minute due to concerns about Hurricane Sandy . Secrets , once used to build anticipation ahead of these announcements , are getting harder to keep , due to leaky supply chains and forgetful employees leaving devices behind in bars . Only a few new bits of information came out of Microsoft 's presentation , which featured cute kids and Jessica Alba . The attractive and colorful Windows 8 interface was shown off on large moving screens . As with the desktop version , icons are replaced by live-updating squares and rectangles , called Live Tiles , which can be customized by the user . Microsoft highlighted a handful of new features . Parents might appreciate Kid 's Corner , a new limited mode for the phone that can be customized for your children . Rooms allows you to group people together and share calendars , updates or other select information with just that group . And Data Sense monitors how much of your data plan is being consumed , then optimizes your data usage so you can get more out of it . The Windows Phone 8 platform is n't just an updated version of its predecessor . Microsoft has overhauled its entire design and architecture to make it more similar to the Windows 8 operating system , so that the user experience and data are more consistent across the entire line of products . Microsoft 's SkyDrive feature can be used to sync photos , videos and Office documents across multiple Windows devices . Other changes include adding support for sharing-feature near field communication , over-the-air updates and support for quad-core processors . A new smartphone operating system is nothing without some slick new devices to run it . So far Windows Phone 8 has the Nokia Lumia 920 and 820 , Samsung Ativ S and HTC 's Windows Phone 8X and Windows Phone 8S . The first devices designed specificially for Windows Phone 8 should be available in stores and online starting in November . Windows Phone has been around for two years , but it has yet to make a dent in a market dominated by Google and Apple . According to Strategy Analytics , Microsoft phones will only account for 4 % of the smartphone market in the U.S. in 2012 . The launch is n't just a big deal for Microsoft . Finnish phone maker Nokia is taking a big gamble on the Windows Phone platform too , which might be its last chance to win back smartphone customers . Nokia reigned as top cell phone company for many years , until 2007 , the year the iPhone came out . Last week , the company slid off the list of top five smartphone manufacturers in the world , according to research firm IDC . Nokia is still the No. 2 phone manufacturer in the world , thanks to its booming feature phone -- or "  dumb phone " -- sales . Microsoft has a big sales job ahead of it on Monday , explaining to consumers and businesses why this platform is a better choice than Android or iOS . The Windows ecosystem 's biggest missing piece at the moment is its app selection . At Monday 's event , Ballmer said that the Windows Phone app store will have 46 of the top 50 apps from other stores , and announced a slew of new apps and games for the platform including Skype , Facebook , Twitter , Jetpack Joyride , Cut the Rope and Pandora  all new Windows Phone 8 users will get one year of free music , no ads  . There are still only 120,000 apps in the Microsoft app store , but that number could jump in the near future . Microsoft 's Build developer conference begins Tuesday at the company 's main base in Redmond , Washington .	Microsoft will officially unveil its new Windows Phone 8 operating system on Monday The company only accounts for a sliver of the smartphone market The launch is part of a marketing push which includes Windows 8 and the Surface tablet Microsoft is going up against Apple 's iOS and Google 's Android operating systems
London  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama failed to keep his 2008 election promise to close the Guantanamo Bay prison camp at a U.S. naval base in Cuba because the world had stopped watching . Europeans , delighted at his election and pledge to abandon Bush-era torture practices that had sullied the U.S. reputation worldwide , assumed that he would do what he said was going to do . It has taken three years to realise that he missed his self-imposed deadline . For many that realization has been brought about by the Guantanamo detainees themselves , who unable to voice their despair in any other way are now on hunger strike in large numbers . Even the U.S. military now admits that more than 50 of the 166 detainees in the camp are now involved . In reality , the number is much higher : Reprieve understands , through unclassified phone calls with our clients , that more than 130 are now on hunger strike . These include men with close ties to Europe : Shaker Aamer is a Londoner , a UK resident with a British wife and four British kids living in the capital . He has been cleared for release twice -- by both the Bush and Obama administrations . Successive British governments have called for him to be returned home . Yet he is still in Guantanamo , more than a decade on from being taken into U.S. custody . A fortnight ago , he told his lawyer , Reprieve 's Clive Stafford Smith , that he had joined the hunger strike and had already lost over 30 pounds in weight . "  I ca n't read . I am dizzy and I fall down all the time , " he said , adding "  My back and my neck are getting worse day by day . I do n't want the end of this torture here to be paralyzed . I want to carry my kids when I get home . " Nabil Hadjarab 's father and grandfather both fought for the French army . He longs to return to his family in France -- his uncle , Ahmad Hadjarab , has said : "  I am asking America for humanity , and asking France for gratitude . " But so far Nabil has had neither -- he has now lost so much weight that he is being force-fed by Guantanamo personnel , strapped to a chair while a tube is pushed up his nose and down his throat -- an intensely painful process that has been described by the World Medical Association as inhuman and degrading treatment . Nabil has been cleared for release since 2007 -- yet over five years on from U.S. authorities deciding that he is no threat to anyone , he still languishes in Guantanamo . On Wednesday night on an unclassified call with his lawyer he told her he had "  lost all hope of ever being released . " Another detainee , Younus Chekkouri hopes one day to be reunited with his family in Germany . He too has joined the hunger strike . On a recent unclassified call , he told Reprieve : "  The nightmare has started again . For some time , things had got a bit better here ... but now it has changed again ... really , now it is just pain everywhere . I do n't want to die in Guantanamo . " Like Shaker and Nabil , Younus has never been given a trial or charged with any crime , and has been cleared for release by the U.S. authorities . There are many more in Guantanamo like these men -- stuck in a limbo with no apparent end , adrift from even the most basic principles of the rule of law . The hope which rose on the election of President Obama , who promised to close Guantanamo , now seems like a cruel joke . It is easy to understand the desperation they must feel : as Shaker himself put it recently , "  a little over 50 % of the prisoners have been told they can go home -- or go somewhere -- but -LSB- they -RSB- are still here . " On Thursday the European Parliament tabled an urgent hearing on the hunger strike in Guantanamo . The debate is welcome . It is crucial that Europe realises that this is not just a U.S. issue -- it is our problem as well . European intelligence services worked closely with the U.S. in implementing the misguided policies of the so-called "  War on Terror " that saw so many innocent men swept up , "  rendered " and tortured , simply for being in the wrong place at the wrong time . Europe has tolerated for too long the U.S. departure from the rule of law with regard to people who deserve the support of European governments . It must be hoped that this debate is a first step towards remedying this . There is much to welcome in the motion : a call for Europe to re-engage , to demand the closure of Guantanamo , and , crucially , to offer to resettle the dozen or so prisoners who have been cleared for release but can not go home because of the risk of torture . If Europe follows through on this , there will still be hope that one day soon , men like Shaker , Nabil and Younous will be reunited with their families . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Polly Rossdale .	U.S. President Barack Obama promised in 2008 to close Guantanamo Bay Reprieve : It has taken three years to realize he missed his self-imposed deadline U.S. admits more than 50 of 166 detainees in camp are on hunger strike - media reports European parliament is debating the hunger strikes at the camp
CNN  -- Mary Travers of 1960s folk trio Peter , Paul and Mary , has died , according to her publicist . She was 72 . Mary Travers performs at the 2004 Democratic Convention in Boston , Massachusetts . Travers died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant after battling leukemia , publicist Heather Lylis said . The singer was born in Louisville , Kentucky , in November 1936 and grew up in New York 's Greenwich Village . As a teenager , she performed in a Broadway review , but stepped on to the folk music scene in the 1950s . She emerged as an iconic folk singer while performing with Peter Yarrow and Noel Paul Stookey . Peter , Paul and Mary came together while singing "  Mary Had a Little Lamb " in Stookey 's New York City apartment . They went on to play gigs at coffee houses and later on the radio . "  As a performer , her charisma was a barely contained nervous energy -- occasionally  and then only privately  revealed as stage fright , " Stookey said . Their music reflected the 1960s and the 1970s , a time of turmoil as the civil rights and anti-war movements moved into full swing . Travers applied her recognition to rally behind those progressive movements . In 1963 , the trio performed its hit song "  If I Had a Hammer " at the Washington march where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his famed "  I Have a Dream Speech , " her publicist said . "  We 've learned that it will take more than one generation to bring about change , " Travers once said . "  The fight for civil rights has developed into a broader concern for human rights , and that encompasses a great many people and countries . Those of us who live in a democracy have a responsibility to be the voice for those whose voices are stilled . " Travers advocated against U.S. government moves in Central America in the 1980s . She went on a mission to El Salvador and later spoke out against the country 's regime . She also opposed American funding of a militant group in Nicaragua set on overthrowing an elected government there , according to her publicist . Peter , Paul and Mary recorded hits still recognized now , including "  Leaving on a Jet Plane , " "  Puff the Magic Dragon " and "  Where Have All the Flowers Gone . " They performed together for nearly 50 years , winning five Grammys and releasing 13 Top 40 hits , six of them in the Top 10 charts . Their debut album , "  Peter , Paul and Mary " was on the Top 10 chart for 10 months . Travers also recorded four solo albums in the 1970s . "  Her talent was huge ... Mary was the difference maker , " said Joe Smith , former head of Warner Brothers Records . "  Super bright , super talented , and a pleasure to know and work with . " Their last performance was in New Brunswick , New Jersey , on May 20 . Those closest to Travers say she valued her friendships . "  Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of my relationship with Mary Travers over the last almost 50 years is how open and honest we were with each other , and I include Noel Paul Stookey in this equation , " Yarrow said in a statement . "  Such honesty comes with a price , but when you get past the hurt and shock of realizing that you 're faulted and frequently wrong , you also realize that you are really loved and respected for who you are , and you become a better person . " She is survived by her husband , Ethan Robbins ; her daughters Alicia and Erika ; her sister , Ann Gordon ; and her granddaughters Wylie and Virginia .	Mary Travers was a member of the 1960s folk trio Peter , Paul and Mary The trio sang "  If I Had a Hammer " and "  Puff the Magic Dragon " She died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant
CNN  -- The winter storm system that walloped the Midwest moved east Friday night , bringing with it not just snow but powerful winds -- all of which made travel perilous and last-minute Christmas shopping more complicated across several states . Earlier this week , blizzard-like conditions left many locales white less than a week before the holiday . Many communities in central Iowa , for instance , got about a foot of snow , and the city of Madison , Wisconsin , got 15.2 inches Wednesday and Thursday , according to the National Weather Service . This much snow generally is n't expected as the system moves east , hitting Ohio , Pennsylvania and upstate New York . But that does n't mean there have n't been -- and wo n't still be -- plenty of headaches . Snow is hardly foreign to these areas . But the addition of strong winds , especially in mountainous areas and along the Great Lakes , makes staying on snow-slickened roads even harder . "  It 's scary , " Esther Boyer told CNN affiliate WDTN , soon after her car slid into a ditch Friday in western Ohio . "  I guess I was just driving too fast , and you should slow down a lot sooner . " The lone blizzard warning , in effect Friday night through 6 p.m. Saturday , was for parts of northern West Virginia and north-central Maryland . The National Weather Service predicts 8 to 12 inches of snow and sustained winds of up to 35 mph , with gusts blowing up to 60 mph . "  Strong winds will cause blowing and drifting of snow with blizzard conditions expected at times with visibilities of one quarter mile or less  and  wind chill temperatures in the single digits ... also possible , " the agency 's forecast said . "  Downed trees and power lines could result from the strongest gusts on Saturday . " More populated areas -- many of which , such as Buffalo , Cleveland and Erie , Pennsylvania , were seeing snow around 9 p.m. Friday -- are also expected to be hit hard . The latter two cities are among those facing a winter storm warning through 7 p.m. Saturday . The weather service 's forecast calls for 5 to 7 inches of snow , with 10 inches possible in spots , plus regular winds approaching 30 mph and up to 45-mph gusts by Lake Erie . A similar warning applies to western Pennsylvania , where 5 to 9 inches of light to moderate snow -- some of it "  heavier , lake-enhanced snow " -- and gusts as strong as 40 mph are expected . Even more snow , between 10 to 18 inches , is forecast farther south in Pennsylvania and in northern Maryland , with 50-mph gusts possible . "  A winter storm warning means that snow will make travel dangerous , " the weather service said . "  If you must venture out at all , use extreme caution . " These advisories follow severe weather farther west that caused major problems earlier this week . While the city itself was largely spared of snow , Chicago 's two airports -- O'Hare and Midway -- were clogged with travelers due to flight cancellations . Blinding snow is blamed for a 30-car pileup on Interstate 35 near Fort Dodge , Iowa , that killed two people , said Iowa State Patrol Sgt. Scott Bright . It was one of close to 100 weather-related accidents reported around the state by Thursday morning , according to Bright . CNN 's Stefan Simons , Jim Kavanagh , Jareen Imam , Laura Smith-Spark , Carma Hassan and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Cleveland , Buffalo and other locales see snow as the system moves east NEW : The combination of snow and powerful winds will make driving difficult NEW : Parts of West Virginia , northern Maryland have blizzard warning into Saturday NEW : Ohio , upstate New York , eastern and central Pennsylvania may be hard hit
DECATUR , Georgia  CNN  -- Police quietly wait by the front door of the small , brick suburban Atlanta home as investigators tell 48-year-old Lajuana Robinson , a mother of nine , "  I 'm going to have to put you in handcuffs . " Investigators take a woman from her Decatur , Georgia , home after her arrest in a truancy case . She 's charged with violating her parole in a truancy case because three of her younger children have missed hundreds of days of school combined . While students have always suffered the consequences of playing hooky , parents in DeKalb County , Georgia , are facing one of the more aggressive anti-truancy programs in the country , one where punishment can include time behind bars . DeKalb 's program is one of a growing list targeting truancy in U.S. schools , said Jodi Heilbrunn , senior research and policy analyst at The National Center for School Engagement . "  Ten years ago , there were n't too many anti-truancy programs , but now they are springing up like rabbits , " Heilbrunn said , and "  they come in many varieties . " In some communities , a single school takes on its own problem . In others , like Jacksonville , Florida , and Niagara Falls , New York , the battle is system wide . And New Jersey is about to institute a statewide system , targeting six cities with the worst truancy problems . The DeKalb County program , started in May 2006 , was designed to get children from the age of 6 to 16 back in class . If a child has 10 or more unexcused absences from school , parents are referred to an intervention program where they sign a contract agreeing to make sure their children get to class . If they fail to do that , they face the judge . According the county solicitor general 's office , around 300 families have gone to court so far . Watch how a Georgia mother ends up in handcuffs " Most of the parents who are cited are charged with educational neglect , said DeKalb County Solicitor-General Robert James . Most of those charged plead guilty and get probation , he said . The probation usually involves parenting classes , counseling , and follow-up visits for progress and attendance reports . Parents who violate their probation run the risk of thousands of dollars in fines , and up to 30 days in jail per count . "  We are putting parents in jail , or we are bringing them in orange jumpsuits not just because their children are not in school , but because they got a subpoena or summons to come to court , or to come to a diversionary program and they refused to do so . So this is more about accountability than anything , " James said . James said it is critical in his county to keep kids in school . The Georgia Department of Corrections found that more than 60 percent of its inmates in 2007 did n't earn a high school diploma , and James quoted an internal survey that found 84 percent of inmates in DeKalb County 's jail are high school dropouts . LaTara Tankersley-Jones and Craig Scott , investigators for the DeKalb County Solicitor-General 's office , are tasked with locating "  truant " parents and serving court-ordered summons . Jones and Scott , usually with assistance from local law enforcement , also must arrest parents who have not complied with a court-ordered probation or failed to show up to court in the first place . Scott said arrest is the least desirable option , but "  the bottom line is , we have a warrant and even if the children are there , you 're going to have to come with us . " Robinson was no stranger to the investigators . The county had intervened on behalf of her children before , even providing Thanksgiving dinner and Christmas presents last year . The mother had been ordered to be sure her children went to school and to attend parenting classes herself . She had done neither , investigators said , earning herself a night in jail and a face-to-face with the judge the next day . Judge R. Joy Walker presides over the Educational Neglect courtroom . On a recent Friday in October , she handled each of the 80 or so cases before her in a fast , firm , and efficient manner . One by one , each parent , mostly women , has an opportunity to explain to Walker why they are in her courtroom . Investigators Jones and Scott are there as well . They say they hear the same excuses over and over again . "  They ca n't get up , or they have so many things that are going on in their life that are preventing them from making sure that their kids go to school , " Jones said . Walker agrees to probation for most of the parents in her court this day , including Angela Harris , who pleads guilty to 24 counts , one for each of the 24 days her child missed school . "  I have never in my 48 years been in trouble , so this is all new to me , " she tells the judge . "  The state is offering you 24 months  of probation  , but if you mess up I 'm going to put you in jail , " Walker replies . Walker has put 15 "  truant " parents behind bars . Lajuana Robinson is released . But she 'll have to return to court another day to explain why her children are n't in school . So far , the success of the DeKalb program has been limited . "  We have seen some small results , " James said . Attendance has increased by 2 to 3 percent over the past year . "  I am not satisfied by that , but in a school system of over 100,000 kids , you are talking about 2,000 to 3,000 more children attending school than what we had the year before last , " he said . James says that he has received some interest from neighboring counties about the program and he thinks it is only a matter of time before they adopt similar ones . "  We have a lot of parents who feel we should not be intervening in family business , but it 's the law . In Georgia , in DeKalb County , attendance is the law , and we plan to enforce it . "	Georgia county operates aggressive program to keep kids in school 300 families have gone to court in truancy cases Fifteen "  truant " parents have faced time behind bars
CNN  Richard Dysart , the award-winning stage actor who gained fame playing law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "  L.A. Law , " has died . He was 86 . He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica , California , according to his wife , Kathryn Jacobi Dysart . For decades , Dysart was a noted TV and film character actor , and stage star , winning a Drama Desk award for playing coach in Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize-winning play , "  That Championship Season . " But it was as McKenzie , the occasionally crusty paterfamilias on "  L.A. Law , " that he 's likely best remembered . ` L.A. Law ' : Sex , crime and the ` Venus Butterfly ' McKenzie usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on "  Law , " a Steven Bochco-created legal show that owed much to his previous hit , "  Hill Street Blues . " The employees of McKenzie , Brackman , Chaney and Kuzak included Harry Hamlin 's smooth-talking Michael Kuzak , Corbin Bernsen 's skirt-chasing divorce attorney Arnie Becker and Michele Greene 's idealistic Abby Perkins . There was as much time devoted to bedroom activities as there was legal issues while the show bravely took on such topics as AIDS , child molestation and capital punishment . But McKenzie was the one who kept them in check while still encouraging their better instincts .  Alan Rachins ' Douglas Brackman was the business guy . He was also involved in one of the show 's most surprising plot twists : a romantic affair with a rival , Rosalind Shays  Diana Muldaur  , who met with one of TV 's most shocking deaths -- plunging down an elevator shaft . Dysart appeared in every episode of the show , which ran from 1986 to 1994 . After "  L.A. Law " ended , Dysart took few roles , though he did return for an "  L.A. Law " reunion movie in 2002 . Dysart 's other credits include 1971 's "  The Hospital , " 1975 's "  The Day of the Locust , " 1979 's "  Being There , " John Carpenter 's 1982 version of "  The Thing , " 1985 's "  The Falcon and the Snowman " and 1987 's "  Mask . " He is survived by Jacobi Dysart , his wife of nearly three decades , a son and two grandchildren . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this story .	The died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica , California He usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on the show
CNN  -- When the two most successful teams in English football meet , the stakes are high . Not only is there the bragging rights fought for between the bitterly opposed tribes of Manchester United and Liverpool , but the result can bear more resonance than just the effect it has on the Premier League title race . "  Winning against Liverpool is important . It does n't matter where you are in the league , " United manager Alex Ferguson said after his team 's 2-1 victory at Old Trafford on Sunday . "  Manchester United-Liverpool games are fantastic challenges . They are the two most successful teams in the country . Today , hopefully , those three points will be very important . " Sunday 's win gave United a 74-62 advantage in the 187 clashes between the two teams , and a season double after winning by the same score at Anfield in September . Just as importantly , it meant that United ended the weekend seven points clear of second-placed defending champions Manchester City , who beat 10-man Arsenal 2-0 in Sunday 's other match . It leaves the club in pole position for a record-extending 20th English title -- two more than Liverpool , whose last came in 1990 , before the start of the Premier League era . "  I would have taken that score before the game , " Ferguson told reporters . "  The first-half performance , and until we scored the second goal , was absolutely brilliant . "  It was as good a performance as we have had for a long time and we should have been three or four up , but when they got their goal they got inspired by it . Their supporters got going and it was hard work after that . I am just glad we won . " United took the lead in the 19th minute through Robin van Persie , who netted his 21st goal this season and a leading 17th in the EPL from Patrice Evra 's low cross . The second goal came after Evra evaded his marker Glen Johnson and headed Van Persie 's 54th-minute free-kick into the net via a deflection off fellow defender Nemanja Vidic , who was credited with the score . Evra was a focal figure last time the teams met at Old Trafford in February 2012 , when Liverpool striker Luis Suarez refused to shake his hand before the match in their first encounter following the Uruguayan 's eight-match ban for racially abusing the France left-back . The anticipated duel this time was not between these two , but Suarez and Van Persie -- the EPL 's leading marksmen . Suarez has almost singlehandedly carried Liverpool 's attack this season , scoring 15 league goals , but it was his new forward partner Daniel Sturridge who reduced the deficit on his Premier League debut for the club . The former Chelsea striker scored in the FA Cup win against Mansfield , and again impressed after coming on at halftime to replace Brazil midfielder Lucas Leiva . The 23-year-old England international was fastest to react after captain Steven Gerrard forced a parried save from United keeper David de Gea just three minutes after Vidic 's goal . However , despite all the late pressure Liverpool could not force an equalizer and ended the match 24 points behind United in eighth place . "  We 're 24 points behind United -- but we 're not 24 points behind in quality , " said defiant Liverpool manager Brendan Rogers . "  The points difference is due to the squad -- the depth in the squads is the difference for us . "  Once we close the gap in the squad over these coming windows , I 've got great faith we 'll be able to challenge . I 've seen enough hope in these opening months to suggest we will do that -- and today was another example of it . " Last season Manchester City overhauled an eight-point deficit to win the club 's first league title in 44 years on a dramatic final day of the season , and a similar effort will again be required this time . Roberto Mancini 's team ensured Arsenal 's focus will be a top-four finish , ending any remaining hopes of title contention with a victory that left the sixth-placed London side 21 points adrift of United . The match turned early when Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny was sent off for manhandling City striker Edin Dzeko in the penalty area . The Bosnian 's 11th-minute spotkick was saved by a combination of the legs of goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny and the woodwork , but it was only another 10 minutes before James Milner put City ahead after being set up by Carlos Tevez . The Argentina striker has never scored against Arsenal , but he was also involved in the second goal as Dzeko doubled the lead just after half an hour for his 10th in the league this season . The only blot on City 's day came when captain Vincent Kompany was sent off for a sliding two-footed tackle on Jack Wilshere , though the Belgium defender appeared to win the ball . Mancini said he planned to appeal the decision , even though an unsuccessful petition to the Football Association could mean Kompany is banned for four games instead of three . "  This is not a red card , absolutely not , " the Italian said after City 's first win at Arsenal in nearly 38 years . "  He has one foot in and takes the ball . I think the referee made a mistake . "	Manchester United seven points clear in England after beating Liverpool 2-1 at home Victory gives Alex Ferguson 's United a season double over eighth-placed archrivals Premier League champions Manchester City keep pace with 2-0 victory at Arsenal Both teams have a player sent off , with Arsenal 's Laurent Koscielny red-carded early
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- Brian David Mitchell told Elizabeth Smart he wanted her from the moment he first saw her , Smart told a rapt jury Monday at Mitchell 's federal kidnapping trial . He said he planned for months how he would snatch her so she could join him and his wife in a "  celestial " plural marriage , Smart testified . "  He said they had been preparing for me since he saw me , " she said . It was the fall of 2001 , and he was panhandling outside a mall in downtown Salt Lake City , Utah . Smart said she was with her mother and five brothers and sisters , shopping for school clothes . "  My mother gave gave him five bucks , " Smart told told the jury . Mitchell was hired by her mother to fix a leaky skylight and rake leaves . Smart saw him around the house that fall but never spoke to him , she said . Before dawn on June 2 , 2002 , she awoke to the sound of a man 's voice and a cold sharp blade against her throat . "  I remember him saying , ' I have a knife to your neck . Do n't make a sound . Get out of bed and come with me or I will kill you and your family , ' " Smart testified . He led her in her red silk pajamas up a trail into the rugged back country and over a ridge , hiking what she estimated to be three to five hours to a crude campsite . There , she said , he "  sealed " her to him as his wife and raped her . She said she begged him to stop , pleading , "  I 'm just a little girl . " She struggled , but she said at age 14 she was was no match for a grown man . Afterwards , she cried herself to sleep . The next day , as she cried again , he told her she was "  lucky , " Smart testified . He said he was a prophet and that God had chosen her to be by his side as he prepared for the second coming of Jesus Christ . She said she did n't feel lucky at all . "  I felt like I had a burden the size of a mountain to carry around with me the rest of my life , " Smart said . Now 23 and living in Paris , France , Smart spent much of the day on the witness stand Monday , beginning a detailed description of her nine months of captivity with Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . She spoke of being raped "  daily at the very least , " tethered between two trees "  like an animal , " and forced to watch and participate in sex acts she found repugnant . She said she was forced to smoke cigarettes and drink wine and "  hard liquor . " She did not have to face her alleged abductor on Monday . Mitchell , 57 , loudly sings hymns whenever he is in court . He had been ejected , as usual , from the courtroom and was watching the trial from another room . He is charged with kidnapping and taking a minor across state lines for sex . If convicted , he faces life in prison . Mitchell 's attorneys do not dispute what happened but say their client was insane at the time of the alleged abduction , and therefore not reponsible for his actions . "  You 'll have to ferret out not only what happened , but why it happened , " attorney Parker Douglas told jurors earlier Monday . "  We 're asking you to determine what was in someone 's mind . This is made difficult with a crazy mind . The easy explanation is not always the correct one . " He described his client as "  a crazy person who comes in the middle of the night " -- exactly what we are taught to fear as children , he said . Smart told the jury she thought about running away that first morning , despite the threats against her life and her family . "  I did n't want to spend another day with him . I never wanted to see him again , " she said . "  I 'd seen what he had done to me . I 'd seen how he had come in and taken me from my the bed , the place I thought was the safest place in the world , in my home , with my sister beside me . " She continued , "  I felt that because of what he had done to me , I was marked . I was n't the same . My personal value had dropped . I was nothing . Another person could never love me and and I felt , yeah , I could take the risk of trying to escape and being killed . " Later , after the shock began to wear off , she said she thought about her parents and the life she had before . "  I decided my parents would always love me despite what he did to me , " she told the jury . "  I had n't changed . I was still a person of worth ... I decided to live . " After that , she began to go along with what Mitchell told her to do . She was compliant . She listened , and even began to mimic his speech and his ways . As she stepped off the witness stand , Smart walked over to her parents , Ed and Lois , who embraced her . She returns to the witness stand on Tuesday . Earlier Monday , Smart testified about the night of her abduction . "  I thought I was having a nightmare , " she said of being led away by a bearded man in dark clothing and a stocking cap . "  It was indescribable fear . " Smart 's younger sister Mary Katherine , who witnessed the abduction , testified about awakening her parents with the words : "  Elizabeth is gone . " Also testifying Monday was the Smarts ' mother , Lois . She spent less than an hour on the witness stand , recalling how the family hired Mitchell -- who then called himself Immanuel -- to do odd jobs . But most of her testimony focused on hearing the news that her daughter had been taken . "  Mary Katherine  said that a man had taken Elizabeth with a gun and we would n't find her , " Lois Smart testified . "  He took her either for ransom or for a hostage . " As her husband , Ed , searched the house , Lois Smart said , she ran downstairs , turned on the lights , and saw that the kitchen window was open , its screen cut . She testified she had opened the window the previous evening when she burned some potatoes while making dinner . "  My heart sank and I called out to Ed , ` Call 9-1-1 , ' " she testified . "  It was utter terror . It was the worst feeling , knowing that I did n't know where my child was . I was helpless . " As her family frantically searched the house , Elizabeth testified , she was being led at knifepoint on the strenuous hours-long hike to a hillside encampment . "  I remember asking him if he realized what he was doing , and he said he did , " she said . "  And I remember saying that if he let me go right now , we would n't press charges on him . And he said he knew exactly what he was doing and he understood the consequences of his actions . " Suddenly , she recognized his face , she testified , and the name Immanuel came to her . She said she asked why he would do this . "  My parents had only tried to help him , " she said . "  He told me he was going to hold me for ransom , and I told him my parents would pay any amount to have me back . " Smart was found nine months after her abduction , walking on a street in the suburb of Sandy , Utah , in the company of Mitchell and Barzee . Barzee , 64 , pleaded guilty in November 2009 to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor in federal court and was sentenced in May to 15 years in federal prison . She also pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in an attempt to kidnap Smart 's cousin a month after Smart was kidnapped . She was given a sentence of one to 15 years , to be served concurrently with the federal sentence , and given credit for the seven years she had spent in custody . As part of her plea agreement , Barzee agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband . In Session 's Jean Casarez and Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report .	NEW : Elizabeth Smart : "  I was still a person of worth ... I decided to live . " "  It was indescribable fear , " Smart testifies of her nighttime abduction Brian David Mitchell is accused of abducting the then-14-year-old in 2002 Defense attorneys claim Mitchell is insane
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- During the first seven years of their relationship , Judy Kelly does n't remember her boyfriend , Bill Horrisberger , ever going to a doctor . Bill Horrisberger , right , put off going to the doctor for more than a month , despite chest pains and shortness of breath . "  On a scale of one to 10 , Bill was a zero , " Kelly remarked when asked about her partner 's willingness to get an annual checkup . It turns out Horrisberger , 62 , a retired English teacher from Atlanta , Georgia , is n't the only man who is reluctant to put on a hospital gown . The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality estimates that American men are 25 percent less likely than women to visit a doctor . "  A lot of times , it 's very difficult for them to be convinced that they need to see a physician for a problem , " said Dr. Allen Dollar , a cardiologist with Emory School of Medicine in Atlanta . "  To a large extent , there is a lot of denial going on , and in some cases , that denial can be deadly . " Watch the battle to get men to the doctor " Denial is an understatement for Horrisberger , one of Dollar 's patients . Horrisberger was short of breath and experiencing chest pains in early December . Despite Kelly 's repeated requests , he put off a doctor 's visit for more than a month . "  There might have been some fear . My father had heart disease , " admitted Horrisberger , who ended up having an operation to replace a faulty aortic valve and triple bypass surgery . "  There are a lot of things in Bill 's story that could have been done preventionwise , " Dollar said . The heart problems "  did n't show up overnight . " Horrisberger admitted he 's learned his lesson about getting regular checkups . "  You do n't know everything about yourself , so it would be a good idea to have someone else look at you , " he said . That closer look by a doctor should n't be just every now and then when a patient feels bad . Dr. David Dodson , an expert on men 's health at the Marino Center in Wellesley , Massachusetts , recommends that healthy men under 50 get a regular checkup every 18 months . After 50 , he suggests , men should see their doctors annually . "  Men should take their health seriously , " said Dodson , who is also the chairman of the Men 's Health Committee for the Massachusetts Medical Society . "  It 's not just for their own sake . It 's because men are part of families , and families depend on them . " Health problems do n't just affect older men , he said . Certain cancers , such as those of the testes and skin , are more common in young men . Younger men are also at higher risk than older men for sexually transmitted diseases , Dodson noted . And some men should talk to their doctor about being tested for gonorrhea , syphilis , chlamydia and HIV , the health care research agency suggests . As men age , Dodson said , they are more likely to develop high cholesterol and high blood pressure . Those conditions can increase the risk of heart disease , stroke and diabetes . "  The older you get , the more important those exams are , " Dodson said . Around age 50 , he wants men to be screened for colon and prostate cancer , in addition to regular blood pressure , cholesterol and blood sugar tests . "  There are so many things that go on in the human body that have no warning signs whatsoever until disaster strikes , " he said . At least half his male patients end up making an appointment only after they 've been prodded by a wife or other loved one , the doctor added . Looking back , Horrisberger wished he had listened to his girlfriend earlier and not waited to see the doctor . "  Once he got started and realized what was at stake , he was a good patient , " Kelly said with a smile .	American men are 25 percent less likely than women to visit a doctor , agency says Men should see their doctors annually after age 50 , says Dr. David Dodson Healthy men under 50 should get a checkup every 18 months , he says Around age 50 , men should be screened for colon and prostate cancer , he says
CNN  -- Dozens of soldiers loyal to Yemen 's former president face charges of trying to take over the Ministry of Defense in an attack that left five people dead and 16 wounded , a military official said Thursday . Sixty-two members of the Republican Guard will stand trial for their alleged roles in Tuesday 's assault on the ministry in the capital city of Sanaa , said Gen. Ali al-Obaidi of the High Security Committee . "  Political motives of certain factions in Yemen are behind the attack , " he said . It was the latest attack in recent months by forces loyal Ali Abdullah Saleh , who stepped down in February after protesters took to the streets in mass demonstrations calling for his ouster . Officials accused the former commander of Yemen 's air force -- a relative of Saleh who was ousted in a military shakeup -- of leading an assault in April on the country 's main airport . That was followed weeks later by an attack on the Ministry of Interior . The soldiers arrested this week were among roughly 200 loyal to Saleh 's son , who was head of the Republican Guard , according to al-Obaidi . Dozens more soldiers believed to have participated in the attack were under investigation , he said . The Republican Guard , meanwhile , denied its soldiers were involved , saying the attack was conducted by troops not under its command . The attack follows a restructuring of Yemen 's security forces , which was insisted upon by the new president , Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi , as part of the negotiated deal that saw Saleh given immunity from prosecution in exchange for stepping down from office . In the wake of the attack on the ministry , a weapons ban was implemented across the city with only those participating in government missions allowed to carry guns . The unrest in Yemen began in 2011 as the population got caught up in the Arab Spring uprisings that swept North Africa and the Middle East . Protesters called for an end to Saleh 's 33-year rule .	Yemen has charged 62 soldiers in the attack on the defense ministry , an official says The attack on the ministry Tuesday left five people dead and 16 wounded ` Political motives of certain factions are behind the attack ' on the ministry , an official says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Researchers said Wednesday for the first time they have found what they believe to be pieces of a burial shroud from the time of Jesus . The find is of importance because tests on the shroud and the body it wrapped revealed the earliest proven case of leprosy in the Old City of Jerusalem . And in addition , the weave of the shroud raises fresh doubts about the Shroud of Turin , which many people believe was used to wrap the body of Jesus . According to researchers involved in the excavation and subsequent testing , the recently discovered shroud lends more credible evidence that the Shroud of Turin does not date to Roman times when Jesus died but from a later period . The latest shroud was found in a tomb complex on the edge of the Old City of Jerusalem . "  This is the first time that we have a shroud from the time of Jesus , " said Shimon Gibson , the excavation director . He called such a find in the Jerusalem area unique because the high humidity levels in the city do not normally allow for the preservation of organic material . Gibson said the remains of the man covered in the cloth consisted of different wrappings for the body and the head , which was consistent with burial practices of the era . He also said research had shown that the weave of the cloth was a simple one , much different from the more complex Shroud of Turin 's . The origin of the Shroud of Turin , a burial cloth that some believe bears the image of Jesus , is a source of great controversy , with many academics arguing it dates from the Middle Ages and not the time of Jesus . The burial cave , which has been dubbed the Tomb of the Shroud , was first uncovered in 2000 and was one of more than 70 separate family tombs of the first century . It is in a location described in the Bible as the "  Field of Blood , " next to the area where Judas , the apostle who betrayed Jesus , is said to have committed suicide . Based on the tomb 's location and the style of the shroud wrappings , researchers have said the shrouded man was an affluent member of Jerusalem society . Because of the unique nature of the find , the remains of the shroud and the bodily remains were subject to molecular and DNA testing . Researchers said they were surprised to find that the shrouded man suffered from both leprosy and tuberculosis . The discovery of leprosy was found in DNA samples taken from the skeletal remains and is the earliest proven case of the disease , according to Hebrew University professor Mark Spigelman . It is likely the shrouded man died from tuberculosis , Spigelman said , and its presence in other remains found at the site suggest "  the significant impact social diseases such as tuberculosis had on society from the low socioeconomic groups up to the more affluent families , such as Tomb the Shroud in first-century Jerusalem . "	Excavation chief : "  This is the first time that we have a shroud from the time of Jesus " Researchers : Tests reveal earliest proven case of leprosy in Old City of Jerusalem Shrouded man suffered from both leprosy and tuberculosis , researchers say Weave of discovered shroud raises fresh doubts about Shroud of Turin
CNN  -- North Carolina lawmakers passed a measure that requires residents to present photo identification to vote , joining a handful of other states that have approved the controversial proposal . The Republican-dominated House approved the measure late Thursday night , saying it will help prevent voter fraud . It passed the state 's Senate a day earlier . "  A measure that restores confidence in our election process and ensures voters are who they say they are is a no-brainer -- and nearly three-quarters of North Carolinians agree , " said Senate President Pro Tempore Phil Berger . "  This bill will bring North Carolina in line with the majority of other states that already require voter ID . " In the past two years , at least 11 states have approved laws requiring voters to show identification at voting booths . ` Attacks democracy at its core ' But critics slammed it as an effort to disenfranchise poor , minority and disabled voters It "  attacks democracy at its core " by making it harder for eligible voters , the American Civil Liberties Union of North Carolina said . "  Many of these restrictions , such as eliminating pre-registration for 16 and 17-year-olds , and disallowing use of college IDs at the polls , will severely discourage young people from participating in elections , " the group said in a statement . N.C. abortion bill passes Senate , heads to governor "  Others , such as shortening early voting and making it more difficult to set up satellite polling stations will be extremely burdensome for elderly and disabled voters who rely on such methods to cast their votes . " It listed what it described as "  harsh provisions " in the measure , including eliminating same-day voter registration , shortening early voting and eliminating state-mandated voter registration drives . Proponents of the bill say it will stop voter fraud , asserting that having a valid , government-issued photo identification is a reasonable , modern-day necessity . ` Common-sense provision ' A poll this year showed that more than 72 % of North Carolina residents support requiring voters to show photo ID before being casting their ballot , according to Berger . He described it as a "  hugely popular , common-sense " provision . Last month , the Supreme Court voted to halt the enforcement requirements of the Voting Rights Act . Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act required some states with a history of voter discrimination to get "  precleared " by the federal government before making any changes to voting laws . North Carolina was among those states . The high court 's ruling essentially allows states to make adjustments to voting laws without "  preclearance " from the federal government . Requests by Texas and Mississippi for clearance in their voter ID laws were pending with the federal government when the high court struck down Section 5 . Federal government steps in Attorney General Eric Holder on Thursday expressed displeasure with last month 's change in the Voting Rights Act . "  For nearly five decades , ... preclearance served as a potent tool for addressing inequities in our election systems . Although preclearance originated during the Civil Rights Movement -- and was informed by a history of discrimination -- the conduct that it was intended to address continues to this day , " he said . Holder said he has directed the Justice Department to ask a Texas federal court to subject the state to a condition similar to preclearance rights . He said there is evidence of racial discrimination in the state , and thus it should be forced to go through a federal preapproval before implementing voting changes . He said this will not be the Justice Department 's last action to protect voting tights . It will continue monitoring jurisdictions nationwide for changes that may hamper these voting rights , Holder said . States that may wish to implement their voter ID laws may still face another hurdle , as civil rights groups and even the federal government could seek legal action to block the laws under Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act , another part of the law that works to prevent discrimination .	The Republican-dominated House approves the measure Thursday night In two years ,11 states have approved laws requiring voters to show ID at voting booths Critics slam it as an effort to disenfranchise the poor , minority and disabled voters
London  CNN  -- The past decade has seen a number of developments on the African continent -- a relative increase in political stability , modest economic growth , and the early signs of a re-emergence of a young and vocal middle class engaging actively in debates about the continent 's future . Poverty , war and disease are still heartbreakingly common , but there is a sense of possibility that a few decades ago seemed absent . It is against this backdrop that 500 people interested in ideas from Africa will gather on December 1 in Blackfriars , London , for the fourth TEDxEuston event to listen to 13 distinguished speakers , including Albie Sachs , "  patient capital " investor Jacqueline Novogratz and writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie -- all of whom , in different ways are challenging conventional wisdom , through their work on the African continent . TEDxEuston , an independently organized TED event , aims to reflect the ideas and inspired thinking of a new generation of African leaders committed to engaging and re-engaging in an active and meaningful manner with the continent . What started as a small event in University College London in 2009 has grown to become one of the premier events focusing on Africa in London . See also : How ` Afropreneurs ' will shape Africa 's future My involvement began with a plane crash in Nigeria . In December 2005 , a Sosoliso Airlines flight from Abuja crashed as it prepared to land at Port Harcourt Airport . Only two of the 110 passengers aboard survived . Among those lost were my younger brother 's best friend from childhood , Okoloma Maduewesi and his young nephew Chibuzo Kamanu . Sitting in my office in Bristol in England , trying to absorb the news , I was filled with a great anger and sadness which fuelled a polemic article that seemed to erupt through my fingers straight on to the page . The title was "  Why are we crying , we are all guilty " , and in it I accused all Nigerians of the negligence in our civic duties that had allowed tragedies like this to occur . The piece seemed to strike a chord with many Nigerians , bringing me praise and invective in equal measure , but one of the positive responses was from Emeka Okafor , a Nigerian living in New York and author of a blog called Timbuktu Chronicles . He asked if he could republish the piece on his blog , I agreed and we kept in touch . Read related : ` Change is imminent ' : African CEOs look to bright future Months later , he sent me a link to a call for African fellowships for a TEDGlobal conference in Arusha Tanzania in 2007 . I had never heard of TED , but on googling it , thought that it sounded interesting . I forwarded the call for applications to my networks and a few months later , was informed that I and Chikwe Ihekweazu , my friend and colleague had been selected . Our 4 days in Arusha were simply life changing -- we laughed and we cried and we were moved and inspired as we listened to African speakers like Ory Okolloh , the Kenyan blogger who had set up Mzalendo to bring the proceedings of the Kenyan Parliament to the people of Kenya for the first time , Ngozi Okonjo Iweala , then Nigeria 's first female minister of Finance , who had just started publishing government financial allocations for the first time in Nigerian newspapers and Eleni Gabre Madhin just on the verge of leaving her job with the World Bank in Washington to set up Ethiopia 's first commodity exchange . Patrick Awuah moved us to tears explaining why he had left a comfortable position at Microsoft to set up Ashesi College , Ghana 's first liberal arts college . Listening to them , we were confronted for the first time with so many successful Africans seeking to contribute in small ways to changing the way things were in Africa . On leaving Arusha , Chikwe and I started our blog , Nigeria Health Watch , and 2 years later , applied for a licence to organize the first TEDxEuston event . From the beginning , we wanted to continue the conversations from Arusha , to recreate that sense of wonder and inspiration that we had felt in Arusha for an audience of Africans and friends of Africa in London . That first event with 100 people in a small hall at University College , largely organized on the back of our credit cards , has today grown into a greatly prized event , the only TEDx event outside Africa focusing completely on the African continent . Today , it is organized by a team of 16 dedicated African professionals from medicine , IT , literature , law and NGO backgrounds , all volunteering their time to help create an amazing event aimed at inspiring new ideas about Africa . At last year 's event , Arnold Ekpe , then chief executive of Ecobank , one of Africa 's largest banks said from the stage "  I have been attending conferences on Africa since the 80s and I have never felt the kind of energy that I am feeling in this room now . " For us , that was a vindication of the long hours put in to produce the event . From our interaction with the speakers this year , we expect tears and laughter in equal measure as we all are inspired by the African stories of another 13 amazing speakers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ike Anya .	TEDxEuston aims to reflect the ideas of a "  new generation of African leaders " 13 speakers will discuss how to engage with Africa Event will shoecase "  inspiring African stories , " says organizer Ike Anya
GEROLSTEIN , Germany -- Mineral water company Gerolsteiner have decided to drop their sponsorship of the German ProTour cycling team , which expires at the end of the 2008 season . German rider Stefan Schumacher is a member of the Gerolsteiner team . Gerolsteiner , who have been team sponsors since 1998 , said there was a change in marketing strategy . Gerolsteiner has invested around $ 12 million annually in the team , which includes riders Stefan Schumacher , Fabian Wegmann , Markus Fothen and Robert Foerster . Gerolsteiner said on Tuesday they were no longer reaching their targeted audience through cycling because it was changing from being solely a producer of mineral water to a supplier of nonalcoholic drinks . Gerolsteiner team chief Hans-Michael Holczer was deeply upset by the news . "  There were tears in my eyes , " said Holczer . The German Cycling Federation  BDR  said they would help the team to find a new sponsor . "  It is not an entirely unexpected decision . After such a long collaboration , you notice changes in your partner , " said Holczer , who will begin the hunt for a new sponsor . "  We have one of the best teams on the market with a national and international reputation . " The T-Mobile cycling team has fired rider Lorenzo Bernucci after his positive doping test at the Tour of Germany last month . Bernucci violated the team 's code of conduct and was removed from T-Mobile 's roster at the Spanish Vuelta , the team said on Tuesday . He tested positive for a non-amphetamine appetite suppressant . Bernucci is licensed by the Monaco cycling federation , which will be responsible for further investigation and possible additional sanctions , T-Mobile said . He tested positive on August 15 for the substance sibutramine , an appetite suppressant sold under various brand names , such as Reductil and Ectiva . The world governing body of cycling , UCI , informed T-Mobile of Bernucci 's positive test . Bernucci told team management that he had been using Ectiva for four years and had purchased it over the counter at a pharmacy in Italy , not knowing it been added to the list of prohibited substances by the World Anti-Doping Agency , T-Mobile said . According to UCI rules , a first violation for sibutramine -- if it is determined that it was not intended as a performance enhancer -- can result in anything between a warning and a one-year suspension . "  We do not know if this was an attempt at performance enhancement or just poor judgment , " T-Mobile team chief Bob Stapleton said . "  But we know it is unacceptable that riders take any medication without the approval of the team doctor . It 's a clear violation of our code of conduct and we act now on that basis . " E-mail to a friend	The Gerolsteiner company is ending its sponsorship of the Pro Tour team They have been team sponsors since 1998 and their contract ends next year Stefan Schumacher and Davide Rebellin are leading team members T-Mobile have fired Lorenzo Bernucci after a positive dope test
Paris  CNN  -- France 's two presidential contenders continued to battle over the country 's undecided voters Thursday , after sparring over the economy in their one head-to-head debate ahead of Sunday 's runoff vote . In a combative televised debate Wednesday night , President Nicolas Sarkozy and challenger Francois Hollande focused on the economy , social issues and immigration . But despite the trading of personal insults , neither landed a killer blow , leaving both candidates keen to seize the advantage in the last two days of campaigning . Centrist candidate Francois Bayrou announced Thursday that he would vote for Hollande , but urged his supporters to vote with their conscience . Both candidates hope to pick up a share of the 9 % of votes that went to Bayrou in the first round . Sarkozy , of the center-right UMP party , was to hold a rally in the southeastern city of Toulon Thursday , while Hollande , of the center-left Socialist party , addressed supporters in the southwestern city of Toulouse . The economy and immigration have been at the heart of campaigning , with France struggling to overcome with low growth and 10 % unemployment . In his opening salvo Wednesday night , Hollande said he would be the president of unity , justice and recovery . "  I want to unite all the French . ... It is in this way that we will recover our confidence , " he said . Sarkozy 's response was to highlight the imminent danger in which he sees the country . "  We are not in a crisis , but among many crises , " he said . In a direct appeal to the country 's undecided voters , he then said : "  Unity is when we talk to the people of France , not just to the left . " He also accused Hollande of favoring union members over the general public interest , and said with his opponent as president there would be "  more taxes and more debt . " Hollande in turn attacked Sarkozy on divisions in the country , saying he has split the population . In one of several testy exchanges , he also accused Sarkozy of cronyism . "  You appointed your close colleagues everywhere , in all the ministries and regional government . If I understand correctly , you appointed them everywhere , " he said . In response , Sarkozy , who is trailing in opinion polls , questioned his rival 's grasp on the truth . "  Can I finish my sentence ? What you are saying now is a lie . It is slander . You are nothing but a little slanderer , " he said . Accusations of dishonesty again came to the fore in another exchange . "  What is extraordinary about your answers is that whatever happens in France , you are happy , although the French are clearly not , " Hollande said . "  What you are saying is a lie , " Sarkozy responded . "  When you say I do n't care about my responsibilities , that is a lie . " Hollande , who in campaigning has sought to paint Sarkozy as more interested in looking after a wealthy elite than the common people , stressed his own commitment to social justice . "  I will be the president who believes in justice , because we are living through a difficult crisis , which is hitting those who work the hardest , who have less money , " Hollande said . "  I want justice to be the foundation of all the decisions that we make . " On immigration , Sarkozy repeated his position that France has too many immigrants to be able to provide the necessary jobs and housing . "  France is an open country ; I know myself where I am from . But we have welcomed in too many people , we have to reduce the number of those that we allow in , not because we do not love them , " he said . He said France has always had very generous social benefits but immigration should be halved . Hollande agreed that economic immigration should limited , but was quick to say that Sarkozy is responsible for higher rates of immigration to France over the past 10 years , as interior minister for five years before becoming president . The two rivals have been competing to reach out to the 6.5 million voters who supported the third-place candidate in the first round of voting , the right-wing National Front leader Marine Le Pen . In the April 22 balloting , Hollande received 28.6 % of the vote , slightly ahead of Sarkozy 's 27.2 % . Le Pen , who has called for sharply curbing immigration , received 18 % of the vote . Speaking to CNN affiliate BFM-TV Thursday morning , Marine Le Pen said : "  I got the impression that  Hollande  played his role as expected -- but of course you know perfectly well my fundamental opinions on socialism , and my total disagreement with it . " She added , "  Nicolas Sarkozy was not clear in his strategy . We see that he has a strategy that is quite varied ... from day to day . We do n't know any more what his position is . " Le Pen said Tuesday she would not back either candidate and would leave her voting slip blank on Sunday . She told supporters to vote "  with your soul and your conscience . " Socialist party leader Martine Aubry praised Hollande 's performance in the debate . "  He had the stature , he stayed on course , he knew where he was going , he held true to his values , " she told French network TF1 . "  He put morality in the center of everything ... justice at the heart of France , and bringing together all of the French people . " Jean-Francois Cope , of the UMP party , was equally appreciative of Sarkozy 's performance . The debate exposed the rivals ' very different characters , he told TF1 , allowing voters to see "  on one side , Nicolas Sarkozy , because of his maturity , his experience , of the competence of someone who for five years has carried on his shoulders and guided our country through a period of crisis , and Francois Hollande on the other side , hesitant , and naturally -- same as anyone who has difficulty with the subject -- arrogant . " Wednesday 's debate was the only head-to-head encounter for the two rivals . Paris voter Dominique Templier , 57 , said she had already decided whom to back -- and the debate did n't change her mind . "  They both stood their ground and I did n't hear anything new , and I do n't have the feeling that it did much for those who are still making their minds up about Sunday 's vote , " she said . Olivier Poulizac , 26 , said he found the discussion of the economy unenlightening because it lacked depth . "  I had the impression that both of them were lying , so it 's difficult to decide , " he said . "  I do n't think there was a real winner in the debate and I do n't think it 's changed much for those who are still undecided . " Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon , who received about 11 % in the first round , will hold a rally in Paris Friday . He has already urged his supporters to back Hollande . Under French election rules , campaigning will end at midnight Friday . Voters go to the polls Sunday . If elected , Hollande would be France 's first left-wing president since Francois Mitterrand left office in 1995 . Sarkozy has been president since 2007 . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne , Anna Prichard , Rachel Ramsay , Basil Yousuf and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Francois Bayrou says he 's backing Hollande , tells supporters to vote with their conscience Nicolas Sarkozy says his rival will raise taxes and create more debt Francois Hollande says the president has caused divisions and helped the elite The pair have two days of campaigning left before French voters go to the polls Sunday
CNN  -- My name is Bailee Madison and I am blessed to be the youth spokesperson for Alex 's Lemonade Stand , a foundation that is very dear to my heart . Few people have the opportunity to impact the lives of thousands , even over an entire lifetime . Alex Scott accomplished more in much less time . Alex was diagnosed with neuroblastoma , a type of childhood cancer , shortly before her first birthday . Around 2000 , at age 4 , Alex asked her mom if she could start a lemonade stand to raise money for pediatric cancer research . She wanted to help the doctors find a way to make other children like her feel better . She continued to put up lemonade stands until she lost her battle with cancer four years later in 2004 , at the age of 8 . By that time Alex had raised over a million dollars for pediatric cancer research . I was so inspired by Alex 's story that I always say "  You are never too young to make a difference . " Alex Scott has proven that to be true . Today , Alex 's parents , Liz and Jay Scott , have continued her mission to find a cure for pediatric cancer . Since 2005 , Alex 's Lemonade Stand has raised over $ 80 million for cancer research . In addition to research , last year alone , ALSF provided over 100 flights , 440 nights of lodging , and 300 gas cards to help families travel for a child 's treatment . These are all results of people like you and me holding lemonade stands . Every dollar we raise brings us one step closer to finding a cure . Last week , I had the opportunity to join the annual Alex 's "  Original " Lemonade Stand at Alex 's elementary school in Philadelphia to help kick off National Lemonade Days . It was an amazing day . The stand brought over 3,000 people and raised nearly $ 100,000 . The following day , I had a lemonade stand of my own with my 10-year-old friend , Charlotte , in my hometown of Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Although we did n't raise nearly as much money , it was equally as exciting to see my friends and family join together for the same cause , knowing that it it could be ANY one of the dollars raised by ANY of us that will lead to a cure . Alex 's dream is still very much alive . I hope that you will join me and the many others who are continuing Alex 's dream to find a cure for childhood cancer , one cup at a time .	Bailee Madison shows kids how to fight childhood cancer by selling lemonade Madison says you 're never too young to make a difference Alex 's Lemonade Stand Foundation has raised more than $ 80 million since 2005
CNN  -- Eleven people were killed in Afghanistan Wednesday when an anti-Pakistan demonstration turned violent , a spokesman for the provincial governor of Kandahar said . Hundreds of residents of Maiwand District in Kandahar province staged the rally , spokesman Javid Faisal said . Most of the protesters were chanting against Pakistan , he said . The demonstration turned violent when an armed group began protesting against the Afghan government and foreign and Afghan forces , Faisal said . Gunfire broke out between police and the armed group , leaving eight of its members dead as well as three civilian motorists . Ten people were injured and 30 suspects were arrested , Faisal said . Police also seized a vest made for a suicide bomber and a motorcycle primed with explosives , he said . Initial investigations show the armed group came from the Pakistani side of the border , he said . The clash comes against a backdrop of renewed tensions on the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan . Afghan and Pakistani troops have clashed in recent weeks , prompting anti-Pakistan protests by some Afghan residents .	Residents of Kandahar province stage an anti-Pakistan protest , Afghan provincial official says Violence breaks out when an armed group starts insulting the Afghan government , he says Eight members of the armed group and three civilian drivers are killed in the fighting , he says
A JetBlue pilot who was locked out of the cockpit by his co-pilot after his odd midflight rants in March was ruled competent to stand trial Friday morning . U.S. District Court Judge Mary Lou Robinson ruled that JetBlue Capt. Clayton Osbon is "  mentally competent , that he is able to understand and does understand the nature and consequences of the proceedings against him , and that he is able to assist properly in his defense , " according to a court order . Osbon attorney Dean Roper plans on using an insanity defense , according to court documents filed April 18 . The pilot was indicted April 11 , in a federal court in Amarillo , Texas , accused of interfering with a flight crew . The flight landed safely in Amarillo after the incident , according to the indictment filed that day . Osbon is still employed by JetBlue "  but is removed from active duty , " JetBlue spokeswoman Allison Steinberg wrote in an e-mail . She declined to answer questions about the hearing : "  We do n't comment on pending litigation . " This week , a group of 10 passengers who were aboard the March 27 flight out of John F. Kennedy International Airport that was diverted because of Osbon 's erratic behavior filed a lawsuit against the airline and pilot Wednesday in state Supreme Court in Queens . The lawsuit , which was obtained by CNN , accuses JetBlue of being grossly negligent for allowing Osbon to fly and says the airline knew or should have known that Osbon was unfit to fly . As the Airbus A320 was climbing out of New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport on its way to Las Vegas , Osbon talked about his church and needing to "  focus , " an FBI affidavit said . He then told the co-pilot to take the controls and to work the radio , and began talking about religion , making statements that were incoherent , it says . The lawsuit alleges that Osbon caused significant distress to the passengers , specifically by yelling obscenities and things such as "  Say your prayers , " "  We 're all going down , " "  I 'm going to show you Iraq and Iran right now " and "  There 's a bomb on board . " Pilot breakdown draws attention to mental health standards The concerned co-pilot suggested that they invite an off-duty JetBlue captain into the cockpit . Instead , Osbon "  abruptly left the cockpit to go to the forward lavatory , " the affidavit says . The co-pilot used the opportunity to get the off-duty captain into the cockpit and change the combination to the door lock . When Osbon tried to enter his code into the cockpit door lock , the co-pilot announced an order to restrain him over the public address system . Several passengers wrestled Osbon to the floor . The flight was diverted to Amarillo , and Osbon was taken into custody .	Ruling : JetBlue pilot who had midair meltdown fit to stand trial Clayton Osbon is "  mentally competent , " judge rules During the incident , Osbon allegedly ranted incoherently about crashing , terrorism
CNN  -- Iran wants "  peace and friendship for all , " the country 's president said Wednesday while again denying Western assertions his nation is pursuing nuclear weapons and trying to destabilize Iraq . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks at the Natanz nuclear facility in April . But Mahmoud Ahmadinejad took a hard line against Israel , calling it "  an invader " and saying it "  can not continue its life . " Asked if Iran had launched a proxy war in Iraq -- something the U.S. ambassador and top military commander there both asserted this week -- Ahmadinejad said the United States is merely seeking a scapegoat for its failing campaign in Iraq . "  Forces have come into Iraq and destroyed the security , and many people are killed , " the Iranian president told Britain 's ITN during an interview in the garden of the Iranian presidential palace in Tehran . "  And there are some claims that may seem very funny and ridiculous . Those who have lots of weaponry and warfare and thousands of soldiers -- if they are defeated , they blame others . There is no way to escape for peace . " Iranians do not believe in war and consider it a "  last resort , " he said . He further claimed that Tehran is a friend of Iraq -- maintaining "  good relationships " with the Sunni , Shiite and Kurdish factions -- and "  if Iraq is not secure , we are the first country that would be damaged . " He added , "  Responsible people should understand this : that Iran is against any sort of insecurity and attacks , and Iraq is able to defend themselves . " Watch Ahmadinejad discuss issues affecting his country " During the interview , Ahmadinejad struck a friendly tone toward Britain , saying he regretted that British soldiers have died in Iraq . "  We are sorry for your soldiers to be killed . We think peace should exist . Why should there be an invasion so that people will be killed ? " he asked . "  We want friendship -- friendship to all . We love all nations and all human beings . Anyone who is killed , we are against it . " Ahmadinejad urged the United States and Britain to reconsider the invasion of Iraq . The two countries should "  correct themselves , " he said . If they do n't , "  the defeat would repeat . " The Islamic republic could help improve conditions in Iraq , but first coalition forces must leave , he said . "  We can help solve many problems in Iraq . We can help secure Iraq . We can help the attackers leave Iraq if the American government and British government correct themselves . " he said . Ahmadinejad has said in the past that Tehran would fill any power vacuum left by a withdrawal of coalition forces in Iraq . The United States has cited the Iranian president 's remarks as a reason to continue its efforts in Iraq . As for allegations that Tehran is pursuing a nuclear weapon , Ahmadinejad said he resents the notion that Iran "  has to obey whatever was put to us " and asked why there is no similar furor over American and British nuclear programs . "  Our bombs are dangerous , but American bombs are not dangerous ? " he asked . When the ITN interviewer asked if he could tour the Natanz nuclear facility in Iran , Ahmadinejad chuckled and asked him if he thought the United States or Britain would allow Iran to inspect their nuclear facilities . "  We do not need a bomb . We are against bombs , actually . There are many reasons we are against it , " he said . "  From a political point of view , it 's not useful , we think . " The United Nations Security Council has so far imposed two rounds of limited sanctions against Iran for the country 's refusal to suspend its uranium enrichment program . Tehran has insisted the program is meant for peaceful energy production . In regard to Israel , which Ahmadinejad has said should be politically "  wiped off the map , " the Iranian president said there is a way to deal with the Jewish state without violence . Giving as an example the dissolution of the Soviet Union -- which he said came about "  without war " -- Ahmadinejad suggested that "  everything would be solved " if the Palestinian people were allowed to vote on their fate . However , his hard-line rhetoric resurfaced when Ahmadinejad said Israel "  can not continue its life . " "  Israel is an invader and is cruel , and it has n't got a united public . All other nations are against it , " he said . "  We do not recognize them . They are attackers and illegal . " E-mail to a friend	Iranian president urges U.S. and Britain to reconsider the invasion of Iraq Ahmadinejad on Iran 's nuclear ambitions : We do not need a bomb Iranian president says Israel "  can not continue its life "
Running back Ray Rice was released by the Baltimore Ravens and suspended indefinitely by the NFL on Monday , the same day a shocking video surfaced showing the NFL star knocking out his future wife with a punch in February . The news release from the Ravens was terse . "  The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of RB Ray Rice this afternoon , " it read . Baltimore Ravens coach John Harbaugh told reporters Monday night that the team had not seen the video before it was released online by TMZ . "  It was something we saw for the first time today , all of us . It changed things , of course . It made things a little bit different , " he said . Harbaugh said he and Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome called Rice to inform him of the decision . He declined to discuss what Rice said or how he reacted . "  I have nothing but hope and goodwill for Ray and Janay  now his wife  , " Harbaugh added . "  And we 'll do whatever we can going forward to help them as they go forward and try to make the best of it . " Shortly after the team 's announcement , the league said the three-time Pro Bowl selection was suspended indefinitely . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , who had originally given Rice a two-game ban , increased the suspension after viewing the new video for the first time , NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said on Twitter . The NFL players ' union did n't immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . CNN also tried unsuccessfully to contact Rice 's agent . The person who answered the phone at Todd France 's office said France was n't in . Former teammate and ESPN analyst Ray Lewis said he had texted with Rice on Monday . Lewis , who played with the Ravens from 1996 to 2012 , said on "  Monday Night Countdown " that he will meet with Rice soon to counsel and mentor him . "  I want to sit down and I want to know what is going on in his heart , " said Lewis . In a press conference in July , Rice said his actions were "  inexcusable " and that he and his wife were in counseling . The couple married on March 28 . "  We 're taking the necessary steps to move forward , " he said . "  My job is to lead my family . My job is to lead my wife . My job is to lead in whatever I do . And If I 'm not being the example , then my family crumbles . " Before Rice , 27 , can play again in the NFL , any potential contract can not be approved without further direction from the commissioner , Aiello told CNN . The Canadian Football League said Monday night Rice is ineligible to play in the CFL while he is suspended by the NFL . Reactions pour in Video shows what happened inside elevator The new video shows Rice punching Janay Palmer , who was his fiancee at the time , inside an elevator at a hotel in Atlantic City , New Jersey , seven months ago . TMZ Sports posted the video Monday showing Rice and Palmer entering an elevator . Inside the elevator , Rice punches Palmer . Palmer lunges after Rice , and then Rice hits her again and she falls to the floor . Previously , TMZ Sports had released hotel surveillance video of Rice dragging an unconscious Palmer out of the elevator . This is the first time video has been released that shows Rice punching her . A few months after the incident , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended Rice without pay and fined him an additional game check for "  conduct detrimental to the NFL . " However , no one in the NFL offices , including Goodell , had seen the newly released footage of the incident until Monday , the league told CNN . Ray Rice : ` My actions were inexcusable ' "  We requested from law enforcement any and all information about the incident , including the video from inside the elevator , " NFL senior vice president of communications Greg Aiello said . "  That video was not made available to us and no one in our office has seen it until today . " Rice wo n't be prosecuted The NFL has previously said that Rice entered a pretrial intervention program in May . Under the program , he wo n't be prosecuted , and the felony charge -- one count of third-degree aggravated assault -- will be expunged after one year . CNN commentator and ESPN senior writer LZ Granderson said Monday that prosecutors let a lot of people down . "  A lot of people are mad at the NFL and the Ravens . I 'm mad at the judicial system that failed this woman and society at large , " he said . "  Here you have clearly an act of violence . Clearly an act of violence . To give him a slap on the wrist , an opportunity to even have this wiped from his record , tells you how powerful money , fame and sports is in society . " Jeffrey Toobin , a senior legal analyst for CNN , said Rice 's punishment was of the kind that teenagers get when they are caught spray painting graffiti . "  It is a tiny , tiny penalty that is an absolute disgrace , " he said . "  The D.A.  office  embarrassed the country , embarrassed themselves . And Roger Goodell did an appalling job then for the NFL . But ... law enforcement was horrendous here . " Rice firing not enough , says senator who wants ` special scrutiny ' of NFL Goodell admitted punishment was too lenient Goodell has already been scrutinized for suspending Rice for just two games , months after the first video aired . Many felt the suspension was n't enough , and in August , the commissioner himself agreed . In a letter to all NFL team owners , he said the league had fallen short of its goals in its handling of the Rice case : "  We allowed our standards to fall below where they should be and lost an important opportunity to emphasize our strong stance on a critical issue and the effective programs we have in place . " "  I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better . And we will , " he added . Some NFL fans have questioned why Harbaugh would call Rice "  one heck of a guy " after the news broke and why the Ravens would tweet out in May "  Janay Rice says she deeply regrets the role that she played the night of the incident . " The tweet was no longer available on Monday . They have also questioned why Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Gordon would be suspended for a year after testing positive for marijuana when Rice was suspended for just two games . In his August letter to team owners , Goodell said the league will institute a six-game unpaid suspension for personnel who violate the league 's personal conduct policy when it relates to domestic violence . A second domestic violence incident would be punished by a lifetime ban from the league . Opinion : NFL , apologize to women for Ray Rice Lesson of Ray Rice case : Stop blaming victim	Ravens coach says team will help Rice , wife out as they ` go forward ' NFL suspends the running back indefinitely after viewing video for first time , league says Baltimore Ravens terminate the running back 's contract in wake of new video Video posted by TMZ Sports shows incident inside Atlantic City elevator in February
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- From the south-eastern edge of Europe , Turkish government officials expressed concern about the gains by right-wing parties in the European Parliament elections . EC President Jose Manuel Barroso , right , welcomes Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan at a meeting in Brussels in Jaunuary . "  The tendency in Europe towards the extreme right is worrisome , " said Murat Mercan , the chairman of the foreign relations committee in the Turkish parliament and a top-ranking member of the ruling Justice and Development Party . In 2005 , Turkey formally launched membership negotiations to become the first majority Muslim country to join the European Union . But in an interview Monday with CNN , Mercan called the accession talks "  very difficult , very complicated , very troubled . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy both oppose Turkish membership in the EU . The leader of Sarkozy 's Union for a Popular Movement -LSB- UMP -RSB- , Xavier Bertrand , declared that the party 's candidates for the European Parliament had signed written promises that , if elected , they would reject Turkey 's EU bid . The UMP saw significant gains in this month 's elections . Meanwhile , Geert Wilders , the leader of the Netherland 's far-right Party for Freedom , which also won seats in the vote , was quoted last week saying Turkey would not join the European Union , "  not in 10 years , not in a million years " because it was a Muslim country . Turkey 's foreign ministry denounced this election campaign rhetoric last week , saying it creates "  a distorted and particularly xenophobia-inducing environment for the European electorate . " Reaction in the Turkish press was fairly muted on Monday , though the Milli Gazete newspaper declared that "  Nazis came out of the elections in Europe . " On Saturday , the religious conservative Zaman newspaper wrote : "  Turkey-EU relations will be affected negatively in the case of rightist and racist parties strengthening in the EP . There are fears that racist parties who have common animosity against Turkey can reach numbers enough to form a group in the parliament . " According to a recent poll published by Istanbul 's Bahcesehir University , 57 percent of Turks surveyed said they still supported Turkish membership in the EU .	Turkish government concerned by gains by right-wing parties in EU elections Officials results show big wins for center-right parties across 27-nation bloc In 2005 , Turkey launched membership negotiations to join European Union
CNN  -- iReporters have a message for Richard Wright : Shine on , you crazy diamond . Jessica Schuette 's tattoo reminds her of her late friend , who was a big fan of Pink Floyd . Wright , a founding member of epic rock group Pink Floyd , died Monday . The keyboardist had been battling cancer and succumbed at his home in Britain . Wright is credited with writing some of the band 's most well-known hits , such as "  The Great Gig in the Sky " and "  Us and Them . " Pink Floyd has thousands of devoted fans across the world , and the news of Wright 's death inspired many of them to write into iReport to share how Richard Wright and the rest of the group touched and changed their lives . Jessica Schuette shared a photo of her Pink Floyd-inspired tattoo : a shimmering diamond above the words "  shine on . " She got the tattoo in 2005 in memory of her best friend , who died in a car accident . "  This was her favorite song . I got this tattoo to remember her , " Schuette said . "  If that does n't say something about the impact that this band has had on people , I do n't know what will . " Pink Floyd touched the lives of Schuette and her friend even though they were never able to see one of the band 's legendary live shows . Schuette , who is a dedicated Pink Floyd fan herself , pointed out that she 's only 21 -- born 13 years after they released the epic album "  Dark Side of the Moon , " and too young to have seen the band live when they were touring . iReport.com : Read more of Schuette 's thoughts Omar Pelea of Miami , Florida , hopes the tragedy of Wright 's death will give Schuette and other fans their long-awaited chance to see the group live . He hopes the death will inspire the other members of Pink Floyd to begin touring again . Pink Floyd has not toured with lead singer and songwriter Roger Waters since 1981 , although Rogers reunited with the band in 2005 for a concert at Live 8 in London . "  Now would be a good time for the remaining members to contemplate the fact that a reunion is running short on time , " he said . "  There are bigger things in life than their differences . Perhaps they should put those differences aside and play for the world one last time . " "  To me , Pink Floyd is the greatest band ever to play on this Earth , " he added . iReport.com : Pelea compares Wright to the late George Harrison Long-time Pink Floyd fan Pamela Keenan had the chance to perform some of the group 's greatest works herself . She is a member of Endicott Performing Arts Center , a theatre company in Endicott , New York , that has performed its own adaptations of "  The Wall " and "  Dark Side of the Moon . " "  We had a band on the stage with us . We had images and films projected on the back of the stage and we had full choreography and vocals for all the songs from each album , " she said . "  I listened to all of the music over and over again as a teen , but to be able to perform it in my 30s brought a new respect for the lyrics and the sheer musical genius . " iReport.com : See a Pink Floyd-themed bike ride Keenan described Pink Floyd as "  one of the greatest bands that 's ever been in existence , " but thinks the group is underrated by mainstream society today . "  Children are n't exposed to it anymore , " she said . "  My kids are exposed to it because we did the shows -- and they love it . " iReport.com : Keen recalls Pink Floyd stage show "  I credit Pink Floyd for being a big part of my imagination , " said Dean Spiegal , who creates psychedelic videos inspired by the group 's music . "  Floyd was not a band , it was an experience . They did not make music for the people , they made music for their minds . " iReport.com : Watch Spiegel 's video tribute And Eric Beck put it simply : "  It changed my life . It changed my life , " he said of "  Dark Side of the Moon . " "  Rick Wright made a major contribution to my life . And I will forever be so grateful to him and the rest of the band . " iReport.com : Beck shares his memories via webcam	Pink Floyd fans shared their memories of late keyboardist Richard Wright iReporters include theater company member who paid tribute to the band Jimi Lee remembers the first time he heard "  Dark Side of the Moon " Share your memories of Pink Floyd and Wright at iReport.com
CNN  -- A plane crashed early Sunday in the southern port city of Karachi , killing at least eight people on board and sending flames shooting through the night sky , a Pakistani official said . The cargo plane took off at 1:45 a.m. from the Jinnah Karachi International Airport for Khartoum , Sudan , said Pervez George , a spokesman for Pakistan 's Civil Aviation Authority . It went down a few minutes later in the Gulistan-e Johar section of Karachi , an area where many Pakistani naval officers live . Masood Raza , a Karachi district government official , told CNN affiliate GEO News in Pakistan that the pilot appeared to deliberately bring the plane down in a less densely populated residential area in order to save lives . "  If the plane would have crashed in a  more crowded  residential area , it would have been a very big disaster for the city of Karachi , " Raza said . All eight people confirmed dead were members of the downed aircraft 's crew and all are Russian nationals , said George . A local hospital spokesman told CNN that the hospital had received five bodies by 4 a.m. . The Russian-made cargo plane was carrying relief supplies , including tents , to Africa before it went down . The plane arrived in Karachi on Saturday from Fujairah , United Arab Emirates , George said . An eyewitness told CNN that he saw fire on one of the plane 's wings before it crashed . Firefighters , rescue personnel and area residents rushed to the scene , with jet fuel fanning the large flames and huge plumes of smoke . The blaze was put out by 4 a.m. , according to George , at which point rescue personnel continued to comb through the rubble looking for other people possibly killed or hurt . The plane appeared to hit several buildings under construction . Hospital sources told GEO News that Mohammed Raees had burns over 60 percent of his body , resulting from the crash and subsequent fire . Raees told GEO News that he was hurt after flaming parts of a building hit him and the motorcyle he was preparing to ride .	NEW : Official says the pilot saved lives by guiding the plane to a less crowded area Firefighters put out blaze caused by cargo plane crash in the southern city of Karachi The plane hit buildings under construction in an area housing Pakistani naval officers All 8 killed were Russian crew members of the Sudan-bound aircraft
CNN  -- A Connecticut store that sold a gun used to kill 26 people last December at Sandy Hook Elementary School no longer can legally sell firearms . Debora Seifert , a spokeswoman for the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , told CNN on Friday the Riverview Gun Sales shop in East Windsor , Connecticut , lost its federal firearms license December 20 -- six days after the massacre about 65 miles southwest in Newtown . That day , after killing his mother in their Newtown home , Adam Lanza drove to the elementary school and shot dead 20 young children and six adults using a semiautomatic Bushmaster .223 - caliber model XM15 rifle . The shooter 's mother , Nancy Lanza , bought the Bushmaster firearm two years ago at Riverview Gun Sales , according to Detective Matthew Carl of the East Windsor Police Department . The ATF spokeswoman did not comment on why the store 's license was revoked , including if it had anything to do with the Newtown rampage . But Carl said "  probably the reason the ATF raided the store on December 20 was for poor keeping of the records . " According to police , on December 15 -- a day after the Sandy Hook shooting -- a man was arrested at Riverview Gun Sales for stealing a .50 - caliber firearm . Upon investigation , authorities learned the man allegedly stole a Wyndham firearm from the same shop four days earlier ; in fact , he 'd been arrested in June 2011 for allegedly stealing nine firearms from the store . Newtown shooting details revealed in newly released documents Afterward , authorities told Riverview Gun Sales ' owner David LaGuercia of the December arrest and checked surveillance images . LaGuercia was not aware multiple thefts had taken place . "  The owner is nonchalant . He is a very non-caring gun owner , very lax in his paperwork , " said Carl , the East Windsor detective . "  He was eventually closed for hundreds and hundreds of federal and state law violations . " LaGuercia , the store 's owner , could not be reached for comment on Friday . His store has reopened but no longer sells guns , the detective said , though shoppers can still buy survival equipment and other items there . The ATF conducted more than 11,400 firearms compliance inspections in 2012 . The federal agency sought to revoke licenses in about 100 cases that year , which works out to less than 1 % of all places inspected . According to the ATF website , violations commonly cited in license revocation include "  failure to account for firearms , failure to verify and document purchaser eligibility , failure to maintain records requisite for successful firearms tracing , and failure to report multiple sales of handguns . " This past week , Connecticut passed what advocacy groups call the strongest gun-control legislation of any state in the country . The law bans the sale or purchase of high-capacity magazines , like the ones used in the Newtown shooting , and requires background checks for all gun purchases .	Adam Lanza 's mother bought a semiautomatic Bushmaster rifle at Riverview Gun Sales Lanza used that gun to kill 20 children and 6 adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School The Connecticut gun store lost its license to sell guns six days after that mass shooting A detective suspects gun sales at the store were stopped due to poor record keeping
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Troubled pop star Amy Winehouse spent the night in a London hospital after suffering a reaction to a medication she was taking at home Monday night , according to her spokeswoman . Amy Winehouse 's husband was recently jailed for 27 months . Tracey Miller said she could not say what medication was involved . A statement from University College Hospital said Winehouse had been kept in overnight for observation . She had a comfortable night and was released Tuesday morning , the statement said . London Ambulance Service said it transported the singer after being notified of "  an adult female taken unwell . " Winehouse 's spokesman in London , Chris Goodman , told the British Press Association that he had not been told what was wrong with the 24-year-old singer , who is well known for her song "  Rehab , " describing the singer 's reluctance to enter a clinic . The pop singer was investigated this year after a London tabloid made public a leaked home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she was heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti-anxiety drug Valium . Police declined to file charges . The singer has battled drug addiction and spent about two weeks in a rehabilitation clinic in January . Winehouse won five Grammy awards this year -- three for "  Rehab " as well as Album of the Year and Best New Artist . Winehouse 's Grammy winning album , "  Back to Black , " is still a big seller , recently charting at No. 12 in the UK more than 19 months after its release . Madame Toussaud 's London wax museum recently unveiled a wax statue of Winehouse alongside Madonna , Jimi Hendrix , the Beatles , Justin Timberlake , Beyonce and other musicians in the museum 's "  Music Zone " exhibit . On July 21 , Winehouse 's husband was jailed for 27 months . He admitted to brawling with a pub manager and then offering him $ 400,000 to not talk about the incident .	Amy Winehouse leaves hospital after spending the night under observation Spokesperson says singer had reaction to medication she was taking at home Ambulance took 24-year-old Winehouse from London home to emergency room Singer has struggled with drugs and alcohol
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  Her second floor cafe on a dusty industrial road was painted with dashes of psychedelic colors . And Sabeen Mahmud surrounded herself there with books , people , and discussions on technology , human rights and women 's entrepreneurship . Introducing others to Jimi Hendrix , street art , and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed . But in Pakistan , free speech is dangerous , and Mahmud 's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide . Two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late Friday after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi for the night , police said . Mahmud died from five bullet wounds . The gunmen also shot her mother . She is in a hospital but is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral . Mahmud 's killing broke hearts beating for non-violence and progressive values across the country . She freely said what she thought in a place where many people are too afraid to and by doing so spoke for many more people than just herself . She had become a Pakistani figurehead for humanism , love and tolerance . "  She took that torch into the dark forest and so many people followed . She really , truly was a success story of the heart , " said close friend and BBC journalist Ziad Zafar . No one has claimed responsibility for her shooting , and police have not named any motive . But Mahmud had just finished leading a discussion group on a topic that many want silenced , when the shots fell . In the province of Baluchistan , where separatists have fought a virulent insurgency for years , people have been disappearing regularly . There have been steady allegations of mass abduction . The Lahore University of Management Sciences planned to host the discussion on the topic , with human rights activist Mama Qadeer Baloch , but authorities shut it down . Mahmud would not hear of it not going on . "  Despite the plurality of opinion , very little space seems to be given to the discussion in Pakistani mainstream media or academia ; the debate seems to be shut down before it can even begin , " she posted on Facebook . "  What is the reality ? Has the media been silenced on Balochistan ? What makes it dangerous for us to talk about Pakistan 's largest province at one of our most celebrated universities ? " She invited the discussion to The Second Floor , also known by the shorthand T2F . She said she knew it was a potentially dangerous move , and she had received death threats in the past when she handled the topic before . "  She was the bravest woman in the world , she really was , she was a brave heart ; my God , she was a brave , brave girl , " Zafar said . Even in its secluded , humble location , T2F was a magnet to those seeking secular wisdom . They found it in a homey setting , musingly decorated like a small town college bookstore . The walls outside its entrance are sprayed with socially critical graffiti -- dusky red hearts float across gray walls . Mahmud waited to greet visitors , many of them young Pakistanis seeking freedom of thought , with a hug , a mug and encouragement for Pakistan 's future . "  She hoped the same thing we all hoped for , a place that is fair with liberty and justice for all , " Zafar said . Grief over her death and gratefulness for her work poured out on social media and via email . "  Thanks for giving us the room to breathe when fog pressed heavy on our shoulders . It 's only been a few hours , Sabeen , and the city is already gasping for air , " a group of illustrators called From Karachi with Love wrote . An artist drew Mahmud puttering off on a Vespa scooter wearing pants , a blouse and sandals . Her tightly coiffed short hair and angular glasses framed her bright-eyed features . Missing was a head scarf . On a wall in T2F is a spray painted Technicolor image of Marilyn Monroe from "  the Seven Year Itch , " her white dress replaced by a traditional outfit of mustard , ocher and green . But it still flew up over her hips , revealing her alabaster legs , a daringly sexy and satirical image . The artistic expression sticks out and triggers passions , like many things Mahmud said and did .	She hosted a controversial discussion on the disappearance of people She knew what she was doing was dangerous and had received death threats before Mahmud loved books , Jimi Hendrix and discussions about human rights
The bodies of the victims are being buried . The court case will continue , without cameras . The horror in Aurora has faded from the front page in favor of Olympic coverage . So it is worth asking , 10 days after the largest mass shooting in American history , whether it is still too soon to start a conversation about reasonable gun restrictions . What actions could we take to make such slaughters more difficult to perpetrate ? Because if it is true , as the National Rifle Association says , that "  guns do n't kill people ; people kill people , " then it 's equally irrefutable that people with guns kill people . Here is the toll , beyond the 12 dead and 59 wounded in Aurora . More than 180 people killed in mass shootings in the past five years , including the 32 people who died in the April , 2007 massacre at Virginia Tech . And dwarfing that total are the 10,000 Americans murdered by gunshots every year . Fareed Zakaria : Time to face facts on gun control No one is suggesting that insane actions such as the Colorado shootings can ever be legislated out of existence . And there is no doubt that the Second Amendment is enshrined in our Constitution . But part of life in a civil society is about having civic conversations about problems -- not aiming for the illusion of perfectibility but for improvement . Circa 2012 , however , it has become politically incorrect to talk about restricting the ability of unstable individuals to get AR-15 rifles , or 6,000 rounds of ammunition . When people say "  it 's too soon " to talk about the role of guns in mass shootings , what too many of them really mean is that we should never have the conversation . Gun violence is not inevitable . It does not reflect the human condition . Navarrette : Guns endanger cops ' safety America leads the world in gun violence by many multiples . It reflects our culture -- and guns are a core part of American culture , for better or worse . It is a fact rooted in the conquest of the West , where guns were used primarily for hunting and self-defense . And Americans ' divergent views about guns are reflected in something more fundamental than politics . In a larger sense , America 's political divides are not rooted in questions of left versus right as much as urban versus rural . These basic cultural differences have been the drivers of political debates since Alexander Hamilton squared off against Thomas Jefferson in George Washington 's Cabinet . They were reflected in debates over the Civil War and Prohibition and today 's red state versus blue state divides . And they underscore the different opinions that exist about guns . We use guns differently in rural and urban areas of the United States . And because Democrats need to expand their base beyond urban areas to win statewide or national elections , they have ceded this ground to Republicans . This new status quo is enforced on Capitol Hill by the fact that the NRA outspends anti-gun advocacy groups such as the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence by a factor of 10-to-1 , making it all too easy for members of Congress to calculate that taking on -- or even talking about -- this issue is n't worth the cost . And it is even more true at the presidential level . President Barack Obama was eloquent and empathetic after meeting with victims and their families , but he backed off making any proposals for new gun control laws . Mitt Romney also was quick to cite scripture and communicate his sorrow in the hours after the attacks , but he was firm in his insistence that no new guns laws were needed . Gun violence and gun laws seem oddly and unrealistically disconnected when it comes to political discussion . Frum : Fear drives opposition to gun control What 's particularly hypocritical about these stands is that both men backed assault weapons bans in the past . As governor of Massachusetts , Romney signed an assault weapons ban into law . As a candidate for president , Obama said he would push for a restoration of the assault weapons ban achieved by President Bill Clinton but which expired in 2004 . Now ? Crickets . Presumably , what 's changed is not their personal beliefs but the politics . Mitt Romney did a signature flip-flop on this social issue because no Republican believes they can win their party 's nomination without full genuflection at the altar of the NRA . Obama 's position can also be ascribed to presidential politics -- the Obama campaign ca n't afford to lose a single persuadable vote in swing states such as Colorado , Nevada and Ohio . Moreover , Obama 's stance on guns is complicated by the typical competition between fear-mongering and facts . Despite the fact that Obama has in some cases loosened gun laws -- such as signing legislation allowing people to carry firearms into national parks -- the far right has been pushing the fright-wing fantasy that he is hell-bent on banning all guns via a U.N. small-arms treaty or some other nefarious plot . But the conventional wisdom in Washington -- that this is a settled debate -- is a fiction . A new poll by the Republican pollster Frank Luntz for Mayors Against Illegal Guns found that : -- 74 % of NRA members and 87 % of non-NRA gun owners support criminal background checks for anyone purchasing a gun . -- 74 % of NRA members think that concealed carry permits should be granted only to applicants who have completed gun safety training and 75 % believe that such permits should be granted to people who have not committed violent misdemeanors , including assault . -- In addition , 71 % of NRA members back the idea that people on terror watch lists should be barred from buying guns  duh  , and 65 % believe that gun owners should be required to alert police in the event of lost and stolen guns . Opinion : Gun control or carry permits wo n't stop mass murder The point is that there is plenty of room for discussion on gun policy post-Aurora and plenty of room for defining the common ground around reasonable restrictions that gun-owners and advocates can agree on . This is not settled policy and not the third-rail politicians pretend it is . That narrative is unrelated to the facts . There is no reason we ca n't increase background checks , ban people on a terrorist watch list from buying guns and make it more difficult for people to buy 100-drum magazines that have no function except to kill as many people as possible as fast as possible . This all falls under common sense and the kind of reasonable restrictions set out by the Supreme Court in their Heller decision . Having this civic conversation is a rational response to a mass killing -- it can be done respectfully and thoughtfully and well within the realm of "  reasonable restrictions " that do not impede on the Second Amendment . All that is required is political courage -- and that can be encouraged by speaking up . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	John Avlon : The view that it 's too soon after Colorado to talk about gun control is wrong He says politicians are making a mistake by ducking action on the issue A new poll of NRA members shows support for reasonable restrictions on guns , he says Avlon : Nearly 10,000 are murdered by gunshots each year ; that must be reduced
CNN  -- Flooding caused by monsoon rains and swollen rivers has ravaged Thailand , affecting more than 9.5 million people nationwide . More than 380 people have died , and the overall damage is an estimated $ 6 billion dollars , the Thai Finance Ministry says . It is the worst flooding to hit the country in half a century , according to the Thai government . As the murky waters rise , so do health concerns . Charities working in the country predict water - and insect-borne illnesses like dengue fever and malaria will spike in the coming weeks . Relief organizations are on the ground providing shelter , supplies and medical aid to flood victims , and there are ways you can help . World Vision is passing out emergency relief kits and hygiene supplies to people living in highly affected areas . Mosquito nets are being distributed to help minimize the spread of insect-borne diseases as the waters crest . The orgnization is constructing safe places for children to play away from dangerous floodwater . At these "  Child-Friendly Spaces , " kids can also participate in activities to help them cope with the trauma of this experience . Visit World Vision 's website to make a donation to the organization 's Disaster Response Fund . ShelterBox Response Teams have distributed 250 tents , 1000 mosquito nets and numerous water purifiers to flood victims in Ayutthaya and Lopburi . ShelterBox also delivered several "  Classrooms in a Box " to damaged schools , and teams are working with the Thai army to build an evacuation shelter site . "  The army expects the site to be in use for around two months , so it is essential that it is well set up with secure , weather-proof shelter and good water , sanitation and hygiene facilities , " says ShelterBox member Stephen Crabtree . To make a one-time $ 10 donation to ShelterBox from the United States , text "  SHELTER " to 20222 on your mobile phone . Go online to donate from other countries . Volunteers and staff with the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies are working to distribute aid to communities cut off by the floods for over a week . The Thai Red Cross , an IFRC member , has helped victims in 36 provinces since the flooding began in June . It says it has given out more than 175,000 aid kits and 2 million bottles of water . Go online to donate to IFRC 's Disaster Relief Emergency Fund . Catholic Relief Services and its partners have provided thousands of flood victims with weeks ' worth of food aid , emergency medicine , and personal hygiene kits in some of the hardest hit areas around Bangkok . "  As we traveled , the water levels gradually rose to the point where shops were flooded -- some still open for business in knee-high water , " said CRS response team member Ross Tomlinson . "  As night fell , we saw more and more people living in temporary shelters surrounded by their household goods . " As the water subsides , CRS says it will continue to help families rebuild and reestablish their businesses . Vist the CRS website to donate online or call 1-800-736-3467 from the United States to donate by phone . Smiles on Wings has launched a flood relief mission to help victims in Thailand . Their Chiangmai-based team is preparing survival packs for 80 to 100 families living in Ayudhaya , an area north of Bangkok where severe flooding has left many families homeless . Survival packs include necessities like water , toilet paper and mosquito lotion . Each survival pack costs 540 baht or 18 dollars for one family . Go online to make a general donation from the United States or other countries .	Floods in Thailand have left hundreds dead , billions of dollars worth of damage It is the worst flooding to hit the country in half a century , Thai government says Relief organizations are mobilizing to provide food , shelter , and medical aid There are ways you can support relief efforts for flood victims in Thailand
CNN  He has intercepted passes from both of the Super Bowl quarterbacks , but Tom Brady and Russell Wilson have nothing on Mr. Silva . The NFL just was n't adding up for Ricardo Silva , so he decided to hang up his shoulder pads and head back to school -- to teach high school geometry . Silva , 26 , played two seasons in the NFL , earning more than $ 500,000 a year as safety for the Detroit Lions and then briefly with the Carolina Panthers . Now , he earns about $ 50,000 a year as recruit for Teach for America . Silva made a two year commitment to Washington 's Ballou High school starting back in September . It does n't seem like a fiscally responsible career move , but for Silva , leaving the NFL was just part of a bigger vision for his life . "  My mission was to be able to play football as long as I can and then eventually I wanted to go into teaching which would be either math or social studies , " says Silva who was a political science major at Virginia 's Hampton University . Despite having a break out senior season and being named an HBCU All-American , Silva was undrafted in 2011 . He signed to the Detroit Lions practice squad and then became a starting safety a few months later . "  I wanted to get to college and start in the NFL . Play in the NFL , start in the NFL . It was not an easy road for me and this is how I can relate to students . I did n't grow up being the fastest person or the strongest person , I had to work every way , " says Silva . The Carolina Panthers picked Silva up off waivers in 2013 . When he was cut by the Panthers , he turned down offers to play football in Canada and a college coaching job to teach . He says it 's all about making an impact for young people . "  Anyone can be an NFL player and coach football . How many NFL players are going back into the classroom to get  kids  to college ? " says Silva . "  It 's more than football to me , it 's life . " Silva wants to motivate students to go to college . It 's a big challenge in a school where he says only about a 30 % of students attend university . His efforts have seemed to have already made a difference for his students , including 10th grader Eric Cary who credits Silva with helping him raise his grade from a D + to a B in Geometry . "  He 's a really good teacher and a really cool dude , " says Cary . "  He 's like my role model . " Silva says teaching is more challenging than football ever was . "  So football all you have to do is wake up every day , work out and do what the coaches tell you to do . In school you got to motivate the young teenagers who are more interested in their social media outlets than math , " says Silva . Silva is married and says his goal in the next five years is to become a father . And he says he wants to stay working in education , first as a teacher and eventually a school principal . As for football , Silva says that 's all behind him now . "  I barely even watch football now . That may sound strange to you but I feel like I 've been there , I 've done that , mission accomplished now let 's move on to something more meaningful to me which is education . "	Former NFL safety Ricardo Silva is now a high school teacher in Washington , D.C. He says teaching is more challenging than playing professional football Silva 's goal is to eventually become a school principal
Two female suicide bombers blew themselves up at a bustling market in northern Nigeria this week , killing 78 people and leaving dozens injured , medical officials said . The blast in Maiduguri on Tuesday left 56 people injured . A doctor and a nurse at two local hospitals confirmed the casualties , but they did not want to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media . One suicide bomber detonated her explosives at the market while a second one set off hers when rescuers arrived at the scene . No group has claimed responsibility . Authorities suspect Islamic militant group Boko Haram , which has seized parts of the region and is known to conduct such attacks . The radical group has carried out deadly attacks in the nation during its five-year insurgency aimed at establishing an Islamic state .	Blast in Maiduguri leaves 56 people injured One suicide bomber detonates her explosives at the market A second one set off hers when rescuers arrive at the scene
CNN  -- A New Hampshire teen who disappeared nine months ago is back home , the state attorney general 's office said Monday . Neither the teen 's family nor authorities offered any information about where she was during those months . The disappearance of 15-year-old Abigail Hernandez , who vanished on October 9 as she headed home from her high school in the town of Conway , according to the FBI , triggered nationwide media coverage and concerns by authorities then that she might have been abducted . At a news conference in December , New Hampshire Associate Attorney General Jane Young said the teen "  is not out there alone . She has somebody who is either helping her , whether that be a friend or what we fear is a foe . " At that news conference , authorities revealed that Abigail 's mother had received a letter that appeared to be from her missing daughter . Although authorities did not reveal the contents of the letter , Young said "  we believe in fact that it was written by Abby and was sent to her mother . " Despite the concerns , her case was classified as a missing persons investigation during the months she was gone . Abigail was safely reunited with her family Sunday evening , according to a press release from the attorney general 's office . Citing an ongoing investigation , authorities did not release any information about Abigail 's disappearance . Her mother , Zenya Hernandez , told law enforcement officers that "  today we are the happiest people on earth , " according to the press release . Remains found in Mexico identified as those of missing American Marine 's wife disappears at national park Police : Michigan boy 's basement case to go to prosecutors CNN 's Leigh Remizowski and Julia Lull contributed to this report .	Fifteen-year-old Abigail Hernandez had been missing since October After her disappearance , officials feared she might have been abducted She was safely reunited with her family Sunday night Neither the teen 's family nor authorities gave details Monday about her disappearance
PHOENIX , Arizona -- New England 's failure to protect star quarterback Tom Brady proved the decisive factor as the Patriots flunked their chance of a perfect 19-0 season and Super Bowl glory . Brady is sacked by defensive end Michael Strahan in the third guarter of the Super Bowl . Brady has weaved his magic behind an all but impregnable offensive line all season but not on Sunday as he was sacked five times in the 17-14 defeat to the New York Giants . "  They have some great pressure schemes , obviously some great pass rushers , " Brady said . "  Once we kind of got the idea of what we were doing , I thought we handled it much better , but we did n't get the ball in the end zone enough . " Coming in , Brady had been sacked a career-low 24 times this season playing behind a line that produced three Pro Bowlers in Koppen , left tackle Matt Light and left guard Logan Mankins . Throw in right guard Stephen Neal and right tackle Nick Kaczur , and Brady played most of his record-breaking season not having to worry much about getting hit by bloodthirsty defenders . "  I like when I do n't get touched , " Brady said earlier in the week . Then , disaster struck -- in the form of an all-out , pressure-packed swarming defensive attack by the Giants -- in the worst possible setting . It was the first time Brady had been sacked as many as five times since the New York Jets did it on Sept. 21 , 2003 . New England had no answer for the Giants ' bulldozing defense . "  If I could tell you , we 'd have it fixed , " running back Kevin Faulk said . "  At the same time , they outplayed us . " They sure did , and left Brady wondering what hit him . Brady simply had no time to find Randy Moss and his other targets on a regular basis against the Giants . With 19 seconds left in the game and the Patriots facing a do-or-die scenario , Brady was sacked for the final time when Jay Alford pulled him down at New England 's 16-yard line . Brady was left with nothing to do but try two straight desperation heaves to Moss to no avail . "  I think their intensity from the beginning snap to the end of the game was really higher than ours , " Moss said . "  We just could n't meet that intensity . " With help from their linemen , the Patriots set NFL records for points scored and total touchdowns , while Brady broke the league mark for TD passes and Moss set the record for scoring receptions . That high-powered offense was held to a season-low 14 points in the Super Bowl -- mostly because it could n't get time . "  They played well defensively , " coach Bill Belichick said . "  They 've been able to rush . They led the league in sacks , they rushed all year . They are a good defensive football team . They played well . " "  We all could 've done things better tonight , " Brady said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	New England quarterback Tom Brady sacked five times in Super Bowl loss Brady floored for the final time in dying moments of match in Phoenix Patriots were aiming for a record 19-0 season at the Super Bowl
CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's open conflict with U.S. President Barack Obama over his diplomacy with Iran has not only served a blow to the U.S.-Israeli relationship . It has also collapsed Israel 's otherwise arguably successful Iran policy . Contrary to Israel 's rhetoric , the fear of Iran getting a nuclear weapon has not been the driving factor of Israel policy on Iran since the early 1990s . Obviously , Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon would be highly undesirable for Israel . But that has not been Israel 's primary concern . Rather , the fear has been that Washington would end up finding a compromise with Iran that on the one hand would close off any Iranian path to a bomb , but on the other hand would lock in a shift in the regional balance of power in Israel 's disfavor . Regardless of the details of a nuclear deal with Iran , a deal per se would reduce Washington 's tensions with Tehran , while not necessarily tempering the Israeli-Iranian rivalry proportionally . Israel will be "  abandoned " to face Iran alone , Israelis fear . Moreover , a deal would signal , the argument goes , that Washington has accepted and will not contest Iran 's geopolitical advances in the region . Iran has hegemonic aspirations , Israel contends , and must be stopped , not accommodated . After a deal with Iran , Washington would be even more likely to shift its geopolitical focus elsewhere and be less intertwined with Israel 's needs . The U.S.-Iran enmity has ensured Washington 's commitment to isolating and containing Iran , much to Israel 's satisfaction . If your interest dictates that the U.S. and Iran must remain firmly at odds with each other , a nuclear deal -- any deal -- would eliminate the most explosive point of contention between Washington and Tehran and lessen America 's inclination to confront Iran on other matters , Israel believes . As Israel 's Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said earlier this week : " -LSB- E -RSB- very deal that will be signed between the West and this messianic and apocalyptic regime will strike a severe blow to Western and Israeli interests . " This also explains why Netanyahu has been contradicting his own intelligence services and exaggerated and misconstrued Iran 's nuclear activities . Israel 's policy towards Iran and the nuclear issue in the past two decades has rested on a few principles . First , consecutive Israeli governments have been on the forefront of sounding the alarm about Iran , while carefully avoiding making Iran an "  Israeli issue . " At times , Israel has tried to tone down its rhetoric , both to avoid making the nuclear file an Israeli issue , but also to avoid making Israel shine too bright on the Iranian threat radar . When Netanyahu was first elected prime minister , he requested an intelligence assessment of Israel 's security environment . The debate was largely on whether Iran or Iraq constituted Israel 's greatest external threat . Netanyahu decided to go with the assessment of the Mossad , presented by Uzi Arad , who argued that Israel could either make itself Iran 's prime enemy by continuing belligerent rhetoric against Tehran , or it could tone things down and let Iran focus on other threats . "  Until the Netanyahu government , there was a proliferation of Israeli statements trying to deter Iran , warning Iran , the long arm of the Israeli air force etc. . That was stopped , to his credit , by Netanyahu , " Israeli journalist Ehud Yaari told me in an interview for my book Treacherous Alliance - the Secret Dealings of Israel , Iran and the US . Ultimately , Israel was successful at turning the world 's focus towards Iran 's nuclear activities . The international community , led by Washington , began regarding Iran 's nuclear issue as a primary threat to international security , imposed U.N. Security Council sanctions on Iran and the U.S. even openly debated bombing the country . But over the course of the past 18 months , the Netanyahu government has made Iran all about Israel . While virtually the entire world is eager for a peaceful nuclear deal , Israel stands alone  bar a few Arab states in the Persian Gulf  in opposing the talks . While Israel helped shape international consensus about Iran 's nuclear program in the years past , Israel is today decisively outside of that consensus . Second , while Israel calculated that preventing a U.S.-Iran deal would best serve its interest , it needed to retain the flexibility to shift its position if and when an agreement was likely to be reached . By adopting a more cooperative tone with Washington , Israel 's flexibility would enable it to influence the deal and reduce its potential downsides for Israel . For instance , when U.S. President Bill Clinton started sending strong signals to Iran 's newly elected reformist president Mohammad Khatami in the late 1990s , then-Prime Minister Ehud Barak softened Israel 's tone towards Iran in order to minimize any negative side-effects of a U.S.-Iran deal for Israel . He symbolically reduced Iran from "  enemy " to "  threat , " signaling that he did n't see Israeli-Iranian enmity as inevitable . Clinton 's outreach to Iran never bore fruit , so Israel never had to deal with its potential repercussions . But Barak signaled his openness and ability to adjust to such a scenario , recognizing that Israel 's most important relationship after all was that with United States . But this flexibility has been completely abandoned or lost under Netanyahu 's leadership . Ever since Obama took office , Netanyahu has actively sought to first prevent diplomacy , then undermine diplomacy to his current stance of building up opposition to Obama 's prospective deal with Tehran . Netanyahu has taken it to an extreme . He has been so disruptive that the Obama administration has felt compelled to reduce information sharing about the negotiations with his government , lest he would leak it to undercut the talks . The more Netanyahu has sought to undermine the talks , the more Israel has lost its ability to impact the negotiations . By now , Netanyahu has crossed the real "  point of no return . " Confidence in him is completely lost in the White House , so he can not adopt Ehud Barak 's posture . His only remaining options is to double down on opposing a nuclear deal with Iran , even at the cost of an open war with the American president , of damaging U.S.-Israel relations beyond Obama , and of making Israel a partisan issue . Such is the logic of adopting extremist positions . Rather than depriving the other side of options and maneuverability , Netanyahu has painted Israel in a corner .	Benjamin Netanyahu 's open conflict with President Obama over Iran has served as blow to U.S.-Israeli relationship , says Trita Parsi Parsi : Conflict has also damaged Israel 's otherwise arguably successful Iran policy by painting country into corner Over course of past 18 months , Netanyahu government has made Iran all about Israel , Parsi argues
CNN  -- In 1954 , wanderlust , a desire previously associated with nomads and hobos , officially became a competitive sport . A clique of frequent fliers -- before the term was co-opted by the airline industry -- banded together to start the Travelers ' Century Club . To join , members needed a minimum of 100 country stamps in their passports . Rivalries between members and various groups eventually became cutthroat . Factions duked it out over what qualified as an official destination : The United Nations now claims 193 countries ; Travelers ' Century Club , 321 countries and territories ; and MostTraveledPeople.com offers 873 places to methodically cross off your list . Other issues included how much dust has to gather on a traveler 's boots before a visit counts . The bickering got so contentious that Guinness discontinued its listing for "  world 's most traveled person . " Today , the Travelers ' Century Club has more than 2,000 members and 20 regional chapters , and no surprise , the competition for the crown of most traveled remains intense . At latest count , there were four affiliate groups with members who tick off destinations the way birders might tick off white-throated needletails or upland sandpipers . Ultra-travelers For the most part , members of these rarefied groups  many belong to more than one  enjoy camaraderie and comparing notes . After all , who else could they consult for tips on the best B&B in Chuvashia ? Or commiserate with over the three times they attempted to tick off Bouvet Island , only to fail , three weeks and $ 25,000 later , because the icebergs were too massive for the ship to break through ? "  More than anything , TCC is a social group , " says Klaus Billep , chairman of the Santa Monica , California-based organization . "  It started at country clubs in Los Angeles before jets and the ability to get places caused an explosion of travel agents . "  In many ways , it was one of few places you could swap travel tales and learn that if you stay at this place versus that place , you 'll be right on the beach and have the chance to meet the owner and his daughter who works as the chef . " ` This title cost me six marriages ' Over the years , with new ways to parse destinations and titles -- endorsements and websites have come , too -- the social interaction part has become more competitive . At age 37 , Charles Veley became the youngest person to bag all 321 countries and territories on the Century Club 's list . Some then thought he went too far in attempting to take over the coveted Guinness World Records title by adding more official destinations to the list . Tahiti , for example , is by some official counts part of the French Republic ; Veley wanted it counted on its own . John Clause , an attorney from Indiana and at the time the decade-long record holder of "  world 's most traveled man , " got his travel shorts in a knot . As he said before he died in 2008 , "  This title cost me six marriages , and I do not intend to surrender my sword lightly . " Jeff Shea is another road warrior who has walked across Transylvania , sailed across the Pacific and reached the mountain summit of every continent , including Everest . He contends that he 's seen far more of the world than Veley , who , after selling his successful high-tech company at the height of the dot-com boom , became so focused on marking off countries that he logged all but 70 of the club 's 321 in three years . The one thing all these modern day Marco Polos agree upon is this : Naysayers who insist an obsession to collect passport stamps is an inferior way to travel are simply spitting sour grape seeds . We 'll ask you to decide . Do these jet-lagged travelers suffer from dromomania , an uncontrollable psychological urge to wander ? Or is all this scheming and plotting to get to the more obscure reaches of the globe a noble vocation ? Here are arguments both ways . Thirteen countries in two weeks does not an expert make Neither does living for six weeks in Provence . "  Who 's to say how long is long enough ? " asks Veley . "  If you stay a week , they 'll tell you you need three weeks . Stay three weeks , they 'll say you need to spend the whole season . "  You can never win that game . " As far as he 's concerned , "  for a complete world view , you have to go everywhere . Because the news media does n't begin to present an accurate picture . " Veley says the more information you can get on your own , the better . "  Five hundred countries is better than 400 , " he says . "  Every place you 're going to learn something new . " As of two weeks ago , Veley had been to 829 countries -- at least by his count on MostTraveledPeople.com , the site he started to help quell the Guinness furor . Travel is supposed to be fun . Why do it this way ? Getting to many destinations requires massive amounts of planning , time and cash . Even then , it does n't always work out . BIOT  also known as Diego Garcia  , a British territory leased to the American military halfway between Africa and Indonesia , usually requires hiring a British law firm to secure a permit . You 'll also need to inform the U.S. military base located there that you 're not a Somali pirate  so they 'll call down their missiles  . Bouvet Island , a Norwegian possession located between Africa and Antarctica , is covered in glacial ice and penguin guano . Getting there requires cooperation from Mother Nature . You can pay the $ 25,000 for three attempts to get to the island , but there 's no guarantee . The Russian icebreakers that take you there might still be unable to make landfall . Even Veley , one of a handful who has been to Bouvet , says there were times he was ready to throw in the towel . Bragging about all the countries you 've visited makes you sound like a self-involved ass According to Billep , bragging is n't part of the program . Rather , members seek out enlightening and useful conversation with others who share their hobby . It 's like finding a fellow Depeche Mode fan who caught their "  World Violation " tour at the Spectrum in Philly . Only a few will ever really "  get it . " There 's enormous satisfaction to be had in meeting rare , kindred spirits . What 's the point of being in a country for a day or two , or for that matter , a few hours ? Point taken , but Fred Finn , a British-born businessman who holds the Guinness record for most air miles logged  a less contentious title than "  ultimate traveler "  , flips that sentiment on its head . Over the years , Finn has n't just traveled a lot ; he 's amassed an impressive rÃ © sumÃ © of experiences . He 's been serenaded by John Denver  "  Take Me Home , Country Roads "  , spoken with Mikhail Gorbachev , had ribs with fellow first-class passenger Johnny Cash and played celebrity cricket with Pamela Anderson . He also calls Richard Branson a friend and has more tales than Scheherazade . Does all this really make you a better person ? In the end , "  competitive travelers " generally make the case that the pursuit of travel stamps is really a way to better understand the world . Sure , as Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder so eloquently put it , "  we all know that people are the same wherever you go , " but it takes being in a place to truly understand its people and customs . Or to understand how geography explains everything -- how rain falling on one side of a mountain and not the other radically affects how people live . "  The more you travel , the more regional perspective you get , " Veley says . "  It helps you relate to different types of people , and the world becomes more beautiful because of it . It helps you understand the chaos . "	Travelers ' Century Club , for travel to 100 countries or more , has more than 2,000 members One organization says there are a possible 873 "  places " to visit in the world Competitive travelers claim the more places you visit , the more enlightened you become
EW.com  -- Well , that worked . Produced for only $ 5 million , Paramount 's "  Paranormal Activity 3 " surpassed everyone 's expectations and opened to a staggering $ 54 million , according to studio estimates . That 's the biggest October debut ever , beating the $ 50.4 million opening of last year 's equally scary "  Jackass 3-D . " Paramount is also claiming that "  PA3 " clinched the best horror opening ever , topping "  Paranormal Activity 2 " 's $ 40.7 million . But that record depends on how strictly one defines the horror genre . For instance , is "  I Am Legend " more of a sci-fi or horror film ? If you consider it to be the latter , then "  I Am Legend " holds the horror record with its $ 77.2 million debut . Regardless , no matter how you look at it , "  PA3 " posted some huge numbers this weekend . The R-rated horror prequel secured the best opening since "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes " premiered to $ 54.8 million in early August , and it essentially gave the box office a shot of adrenaline after two months of lackluster results . The series continued to attract a large proportion of younger moviegoers , with 53 percent of the audience under the age of 25 . However , "  PA3 " skewed slightly older than "  PA2 , " which drew an audience that was 60 percent under age 25 . Surprisingly , "  PA3 " received a poor "  C + " rating from CinemaScore graders . Horror films are frequently saddled with underwhelming grades from the market research firm , but by comparison , "  PA2 " earned a more respectable "  B " rating . Normally , "  PA3 " 's low CinemaScore mark would foreshadow a significant drop next week . But considering that next weekend is Halloween weekend , and there wo n't be a "  Saw " movie  or any other horror film  to compete with it , "  PA3 " may actually hold up fairly well . Like the house that always handed out raisins for Halloween , the weekend 's two other new releases -- "  The Three Musketeers " and "  Johnny English Reborn " -- attracted very few visitors . "  The Three Musketeers , " helmed by "  Resident Evil " director Paul W.S. Anderson , had to settle for fourth place with just $ 8.8 million . The PG-13 steampunk action film joined "  What 's Your Number ? , " "  Mars Needs Moms , " "  Fright Night , " and "  Apollo 18 " to become the fifth movie this year to open to less than $ 10 million while playing in at least 3,000 theaters . The movie failed to entice younger moviegoers , as only 36 percent of its audience was under the age of 25 . Milla Jovovich , who stars in "  Musketeers " and is married to Anderson , took to Twitter to accuse distributor Summit Entertainment of not properly marketing the film as a "  fun family adventure . " The poorly reviewed movie garnered an okay "  B " rating from CinemaScore graders . Even before reaching American shores , the British spy comedy sequel "  Johnny English Reborn " had already surpassed its $ 45 million budget by grossing $ 85.1 million overseas . Still , its $ 3.8 million opening  and eighth-place finish  this weekend is a disappointment , especially considering that the original "  Johnny English " debuted to $ 9.1 million back in 2003 . CinemaScore participants gave the PG-rated flick a "  B " grade . Second and third place went to holdovers "  Real Steel " and "  Footloose , " which tallied $ 11.3 million and $ 10.9 million , respectively . Both movies , along with "  The Ides of March " in fifth place , dropped only about 30 percent from last week -- an indication of strong word of mouth . In semi-wide release , the G-rated basketball drama "  The Mighty Macs " opened to $ 1.1 million at 975 theaters , for a paltry per-location average of $ 1,090 . Among limited releases , two new movies stood out . The Wall Street thriller "  Margin Call " collected a solid $ 582,000 from 56 locations . And the Sundance drama "  Martha Marcy May Marlene , " featuring a breakout performance by Elizabeth Olsen , grossed $ 138,000 from four theaters for a superb $ 34,500 per-location average . 1 . Paranormal Activity 3 -- $ 54.0 mil 2 . Real Steel -- $ 11.3 mil 3 . Footloose -- $ 10.9 mil 4 . The Three Musketeers -- $ 8.8 mil 5 . The Ides of March -- $ 4.9 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  PA3 " posted some huge numbers this weekend "  Musketeers " had to settle for fourth place with just $ 8.8 million "  Johnny English Reborn " had already surpassed its $ 45 million budget
It 's a formula that 's been tried and tested in countless erotic novels in recent memory . A rich , handsome man charms a young innocent with lavish gifts and bold declarations of desire . With a smoldering gaze , he melts her insides , turns her legs to jelly and paralyzes her subconscious , paving the way for hot sex scenes while she attempts to crack his steely veneer . Formulaic as it is , E.L. James ' "  Fifty Shades of Grey " trilogy is poised to become one of the fastest-selling series in recent years , with 20 million copies sold in the United States and 31 million worldwide since March . Movie rights are spoken for , and in addition to becoming the subject of online parodies , a "  Saturday Night Live " sketch , a musical and hotel marketing gimmicks , the S&M - flavored love story of a recent college grad and a billionaire CEO is also credited with boosting sales of sex toys , driving women to hook-up sites and fueling a craze over sexual domination . What 's behind the trilogy 's runaway success ? The books hit the romance novel scene at just the right moment , insiders say , riding a wave of smart marketing and benefiting from the erotica world 's e-book savvy . Plus , if the plot and characters sounds a bit like "  Twilight " fan fiction , it 's because they 're modeled after them . The most potent  and obvious  factor is that sex sells , and kinky romances like "  Fifty Shades " are sating women 's lust for erotica-lite , said Jaclyn Friedman , author of "  What You Really Really Want : The Smart Girl 's Shame-Free Guide to Sex & Safety . " "  The popularity of ` Fifty Shades ' speaks to the fact that the dominant model of mainstream pornography and ideas of sex are targeted at men . The fantasy starts when he 's into it and ends when he 's done , " she said . "  A lot of women have said that they 've learned the most about what sex could be for them from erotica novels , " she said . "  These stories focus on female desire and what 's in it for the woman , and there 's not a lot of that in mainstream culture . " Whatever the case , sex has long been selling erotic tales , earning spots on best-seller lists and testing attitudes toward sexuality . The heroine in French author Pauline Reage 's "  Story of O " consented to being whipped and branded more than 50 years before Anastasia Steele signed Christian Grey 's non-disclosure agreement and terms for becoming his submissive in "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " Casting ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' In the interim , dozens of erotic romance novels by authors such as Eden Bradley , Sylvia Day and Megan Hart have landed on best-seller lists , firmly establishing the genre as a major player in the publishing industry . Romance readers , known for their voracious literary appetites , were among the first adopters of e-books , said Michelle Renaud , spokeswoman for publisher Harlequin , which has been carrying erotic novels since 2006 . "  They love to consume many novels at once , and e-books are an easy way to carry them around . " The "  Fifty Shades " books were originally released as e-books by the Writers Coffee Shop , an independent publisher based in Australia . They were instant hits , drawing attention of fans and Vintage Books , which acquired the rights in March and published them as e-books first and then as paperbacks . " ` Fifty Shades ' is no different from what 's already being sold . The major difference is that it has somehow become a part of current pop culture , of the zeitgeist . People wo n't stop talking about it , so it perpetuates the sales , perpetuates the mythos , of this work as some sort of watershed for erotic fiction , " said Mala Bhattacharjee , features editor of RT Book Reviews , the pioneering literary review journal formerly known as Romantic Times . "  In truth , romance fiction and erotica have been this ` naughty ' for decades -- naughtier , even ! " she said in an e-mail . "  In essence , it 's the phenomenon of FSOG that has snowballed its popularity for readers more than the actual text . " RT Books : Undercover Erotica If so , much of the success of the "  Fifty Shades " trilogy may simply reside in its packaging . After acquiring English rights in March , Vintage Books released digital editions of all three books , followed by print versions in April featuring relatively tame covers compared with bodice-rippers of yore . Where one might expect two milky bodies intertwined , the covers of books one and two feature a gray silk tie and a bedazzled face mask . "  We felt that discreet , tasteful covers certainly would being in new readers who may not have bought the books with more explicit covers , " Vintage Books spokesman Russell Perreault said . The formula seems to have paid off , and since then , the romance industry has been keen to reap the benefits of judging a book by its cover . Not long after the series took off , Harlequin and other publishers began reissuing old titles with toned-down covers . "  What may have tipped the scale for the ` Fifty Shades ' trilogy in particular are the nondescript covers . For whatever reason , the classic ` clinch ' covers on a lot of romance novels tend to carry a stigma of being ` old-fashioned , ' so the covers on ` Fifty Shades ' may have made the books more approachable for a larger range or readers , " RT Book Reviews Editor Audrey Goodson said . "  Certainly , there are some who might prefer to read romance on the privacy of an e-reader , but what 's really refreshing for me to see is the large number of women reading ` Fifty Shades ' on the subway and at the coffee shop . It simply proves that while covers may play some role in readers ' preferences , it 's what 's between the covers that really counts . " Updating a cover is n't new either , but using "  iconic " or "  object " imagery picked up speed a few months back in an effort to capture the momentum of "  Fifty Shades . " "  It sends a visible signal that if you liked ` Fifty Shades , ' there are other titles you 'll like , " said Monique Patterson , executive editor with St. Martin 's Press , which is reissuing titles by best-selling authors Lora Leigh , Laura Reese and Opal Carew with new covers this summer . "  Tastes tend to evolve and change over time with any product , not just books . As time goes on you , have to refresh and update your way of speaking to your audience . " Best-selling author Sylvia Day 's first self-published title , "  Bared to You , " entered the New York Times best-seller list in April despite its cover , which featured a profile shot of a naked woman with her arms wrapped across her breasts and a man on his knees , his face pressed into the small of her back . When Berkley Books took over the title in May , the cover art changed to an image of a pair of cufflinks . The title is No. 4 on the New York Times best-seller list , right behind the three "  Fifty Shades " books , and can be found on bookshelves in Target next to "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " "  Many new readers have discovered erotic romance and want to read more , but the more explicit covers do n't appeal to them , " said Cindy Hwang , executive editor of Berkley Books . "  Publishers are smartly responding to the marketplace and adjusting the cover approach for some erotic romance titles . Cufflinks and keychains can be just as evocative as bare skin . " Day says she has received mixed reaction to the change from fans . Those who self-identify as avid readers and rely on cover art to identify the myriad subgenres within the romance category complained that the new cover obscured the novel 's meaning . Others , however , welcomed the change and said it led them to finally purchase the book , where before , they did n't want to be seen carrying it around . " ` Fifty Shades ' readers and new readers of ` Bared to You ' do n't tend to self-identify as readers per se , and they want books they can take out in public , whereas romance readers do n't care . They have adopted strategies over years , with e-books and book covers , and they 'll go out with a book regardless of the cover , " she said . "  For those who are getting back into reading with ` Fifty Shades ' and ` Bared to You , ' it 's a very new thing they 're stepping into , and they want it to be an easy transition . " E-books have also helped to ease the transition by offering newcomers to the genre a way to read in virtual anonymity , said Twanna A. Hines , a New York-based writer , sex educator and reproductive rights advocate . Its second wave of popularity came through word of mouth once it started receiving widespread coverage in mainstream news outlets and popular culture . "  It 's been parodied on ` SNL ' and on the cover of Newsweek . Who wants to be left out of the conversation ? " she said . "  Plus , BDSM is appealing because while many Americans have heard of ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' and can tell you it 's an erotic book , not as many can tell you what the letters BDSM stand for , so there 's this allure , the siren call to find out more . " For the next few months , expect publishers to bet on that desire and reissue more BDSM titles from the past dressed up in scarves , leather belts and feathers until the next trend rolls around . "  You ca n't create a moment like this , because if you could , we 'd do it all the time , " said Patterson , of St. Martin 's Press . "  It just ends up that the stars align and something breaks in a major way at the right time that ends up hitting readers and grows like wildfire . You ca n't really explain it all the way . It 's just one of those moments . "	E.L. James ' "  Fifty Shades " books have sold 31 million copies worldwide since March Insiders say books benefited from perfect storm of smart marketing and e-book mania Some credit trilogy 's tame covers with bringing in new audience of erotica readers Hoping to mimic its success , publishers reissue erotica titles minus sensual covers
CNN  Ohio is changing the drugs used in lethal injections , a move that will delay at least one execution scheduled for next month , the Ohio Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said Thursday . The state will stop using the two-drug regimen of midazolam and hydromorphone , the department said in a press release . The drug combination was last used in January 2014 on convicted murderer Dennis McGuire . Witnesses said he convulsed and gasped about 10 minutes before he died . The McGuire execution was closely watched because midazolam , a sedative , and hydromorphone , a painkiller , had never been used in a U.S. execution . Ohio , like many states , was forced to find new execution drugs after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . Ohio will add thiopental sodium , a drug the state used for lethal injections from 1999-2011 , the department said . Thiopental sodium and pentobarbital will be the only drugs used . JoEllen Smith , spokesman for the corrections department , confirmed that Ohio has 40 vials of midazolam set to expire April 1 . The release said the the February 11 execution of Ronald Phillips , and possibly others , will be postponed while Ohio secures a supply of pentobarbital and thiopental sodium . CNN is trying to reach Ohio officials for details about their decision . McGuire was convicted in 1994 of the rape and murder of 22-year-old Joy Stewart , who was seven months pregnant . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Ohio will stop using midazolam and hydromorphone and start using thiopental sodium The drugs were used in January 2014 on an inmate who gasped and convulsed before death
I ca n't imagine growing up in the '50s , certainly not as myself or any degree of myself that I am now . My strongest sense of the '50s comes from Betty Friedan and feminist critiques of the era . And June Cleaver . But the 1950s TV stereotypes of women as housewives in fancy dresses and high heels gave way to a much more interesting cast of characters when the '60s came along . In real life , there probably never was a family as picture perfect and problem free as the '50s Cleavers , but June Cleaver was certainly the archetype of her decade . As a child , I did n't quite know what I wanted to be when I grew up , but I knew who I did n't want to be . I did n't want to be June Cleaver . The dress . The hair . The pearls . The sense that she never had any fun , never broke the rules , possibly never even exhaled . Her entire existence circumscribed by her white picket fence . I could n't imagine being Donna Reed . Or the mom from "  Father Knows Best . " Or Harriet Nelson . None of them . But then along came Gidget . I still had n't been born when the TV show "  Gidget " premiered in the 1960s . In fact , my parents had just barely met . But years later , as a kid in the early 1980s , I would watch reruns of "  Gidget . " Finally , a TV woman I wanted to be . Smart . Independent . Even sarcastic at times . She went to school . She hung out outside the house . She even surfed . She was everything ! Video : Name that 60s TV show As a little girl , I did n't realize all that had happened in the years between June Cleaver and Gidget Lawrence , everything that had changed in society to create a new era of culture that mirrored a new day in America , one in which the compulsion to be June Cleaver was eroded as a universe of Gidgets arose . Suddenly , women like Marlo Thomas  from "  That Girl "  , independent with careers , were on the scene . There was Agent 99 from "  Get Smart " and Emma Peel from "  The Avengers " -- not just career women , but spies . Who kicked ass ! There was Samantha in "  Bewitched , " who had immense powers -- just like Jeannie , about whom I indeed dreamed . And most ground-breaking of all , there was "  Julia , " which featured a leading African American character who was a single mother . Nick at Night introduced me to the 1960s Technicolor menu of gender roles and role models unheralded in the narrow black-and-white confines of the 1950s . I could watch TV and see women with personalities and problems and potential . I was hooked . Of course , in hindsight , none of these shows was perfect . Elizabeth Montgomery 's character Samantha in "  Bewitched " was always apologizing for using her magic . Barbara Eden 's character in "  I Dream Of Jeannie " called the man whose house she lived in "  master . " And Gidget was always being scolded by her overly stern and moralizing father , who like many male characters in shows of that era , seemed designed as stand-ins for older men of the 1950s generation who were deeply wary of , if not downright resistant to , the equality of women . At the end of each episode of "  Gidget , " Sally Field would usually turn to the camera and announce the life lesson she 'd learned , usually imparted by her father . So in a way , metaphorically , she was still bowing to and echoing unquestioned male authority and hegemony . But it was always Gidget who got the last word , who was the only one who could turn to us and speak to us directly . She was given that special , powerful voice . And in the next episode , Gidget invariably broke the rules again . In the socially and politically tumultuous era of the 1960s , the message of "  Gidget " and "  Bewitched " and "  I Dream Of Jeannie " and all these shows where the women kept getting in trouble was not that the rules were enforced by these throwback men , but that the women kept breaking them . Show after show after show , the women kept breaking the rules , testing the limits , crossing the line . That was the entire premise , the whole point . In the new era , there were strong and sassy women who would make their own rules . And we would watch them and fall in love with them and want to be them and find the rules to break in our own lives and in the world around us . For women and people of color and gay folks and anyone remotely not Ward Cleaver , the rules of the 1950s were at the very least limiting and in many cases ugly and violent . These were rules that needed to be broken . Gidget showed us how . "  Gidget " the TV show only lasted for one season , a tragedy from which my little 8-year-old rerun watching self would never fully recover from all those years later . And yet the social , cultural and political changes that 1960s TV women like Gidget helped both reflect and set in motion -- fortunately , those changes lasted for generations . Related : TV then and now : How does it stack up ? Quiz : What is your '60s personality ? Photos : 60 iconic moments from the '60s	Sally Kohn : In '50s TV , there were June Cleaver , Harriet Nelson , perfect housewives Kohn : But '60s TV starred women you might even want to be , like adventurous Gidget Kohn : Women in '60s shows like "  Gidget , " "  The Avengers , " "  Julia " broke the rules She says those characters paved way for the revolution to come in women 's roles
Zaanse Schans , Netherlands  CNN  Not far from Amsterdam is a living piece of Dutch history . The Zaanse Schans neighborhood celebrates the past as a working community whose roots can be traced back to the 17th century and it 's one of the few places in the world where you can still find functioning traditional windmills . The Zaan region is among the oldest industrial areas in the world and in its heyday of the 17th and 18th centuries it was home to around 600 active windmills . At the Zaanse Schans , among its wooden barns , houses and museums , just 10 windmills are still in operation , grinding oil , spices and colorings . One of these historic windmills is "  De Kat , " meaning "  The Cat , " which uses wind power to create pigments for paint . The listed building has a rich history ; first built between 1646 and 1696 , the windmill survived a fire in 1782 and a body rebuild in the 1970s . Piet Kempenaar , the miller at De Kat , has been working with windmills for over 30 years . Every day he stands on the windmill 's platform as millers have done for centuries , looking at the sky and feeling the power of the elements . "  You must have a special kind of feeling for this technology , " Kempenaar says . Kempenaar has to pay close attention to the wind because it dictates the day 's work . Each part of the mill , from the wings to the tail , can be adjusted and tweaked to make the most of the wind that day . "  Sometimes you hear a sound and it 's a problem with a bearing . Sometimes you listen to the waves on the water and you say , ` oh boy the wind has changed direction . ' " De Kat is a fully functioning paint mill . When the wind is strong , it turns 3,000 kilogram granite stones which grind down limestone into a fine powder and pack it with pigments . "  The weight of the stones are enormous and powered by the cleanest energy in the world , " Kempenaar says . "  The breeze of the Lord . " This natural process is nothing new ; it goes back to the area 's roots . "  The whole industrial revolution was born here , " explains Kempenaar . "  It was all coming by Amsterdam , the main port of the world , the main port of Europe for 300 years , so many boats were arriving in the harbor of Amsterdam on the coast loaded with raw materials and needed an industrial process . " Windmills are a passion Kempenaar has had since he started his studies as a miller in 1978 , and he 'll continue to preserve this art for as long as the wind continues to blow -- and as long as the Zaanse Schans continue to preserve this reminder of the Dutch Golden Age .	Zaanse Schans , Netherlands is dotted with working windmill sites Windmill De Kat uses the wind to make paint out of stones
CNN  -- Fourteen people were killed in a fire at a rehabilitation center on the outskirts of Lima , Peru , the state-run Andina news agency reported Saturday . It was not immediately clear what started the blaze , which was the second of its kind in the country this year . "  We found 14 bodies . The majority were on the second floor , in rooms and in hallways . ... It 's possible that they were trying to escape , but the doors and windows were closed , " said fire chief Fernando Campos , Andina reported . The blaze at the Sacred Heart of Jesus center was controlled by firefighters , he said . Twenty-nine people were killed and others were injured in January when a fire broke out at another rehabilitation center in Lima , according to Andina . Some 40 people were housed in a small space with only one exit that was locked with a chain , the news agency reported at the time , citing a fire official . Bypassing a heavy metal door was the biggest challenge in that rescue .	It is not clear what started the blaze at the rehabilitation center near Lima Fire chief : Most victims "  were on the second floor " and may have tried to escape The fire follows another in January in Lima that killed 29 , state media reported
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The debate about using technology to help referees has been re-ignited following a number of controversial decisions in the Champions League semi-final between Chelsea and Barcelona . The Hawk-Eye system is already widely used in tennis and has transformed the game . Sepp Blatter , president of FIFA , the game 's governing body , has consistently opposed the use of in-game video replays , but goal-line technology , to determine if the ball has crossed the goal line , has received more support . The Hawk-Eye system is extensively used in tennis , using cameras to calculate the trajectory of the ball . The system then uses the trajectory data to determine exactly where the ball has hit the ground , making it invaluable for marginal line calls . Using similar technology , Hawk-Eye Innovations , based in England , has developed a football system to determine if a goal has been scored . It again uses cameras to track the ball and computers to calculate its position . If the system detects that the ball has crossed the goal line a central computer transmits a signal to the referee via either a watch or earpiece . The system was tested at Premier League football club Fulham in 2006 and then at Reading 's training ground in 2007 . It was backed by the British Football Association and funded by the Premier League . Another goal-line technology , a microchipped football , was developed by Adidas and German firm Cairos Technologies . A microchip built into the football detects a magnetic field generated by underground cables in the penalty area . Like the Hawk-Eye system it uses a computer to send a signal to the referee 's watch when a goal is scored . The system was tested at the World Under-17 Championships in 2005 and the 2007 World Club Championship in Tokyo . The International Football Association Board  IFAB  , which decides the laws of the game , discusses new rules at an annual general meeting consisting of four representatives from FIFA and one each from England , Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales . Explaining the IFAB 's decision , Blatter said the microchipped ball had failed in one of the seven World Club Championship matches because of interference to the signal sent to the referee and that it would be difficult to implement the chip technology in the many types of football used around the world . He added that it was not possible to ensure that the Hawk-Eye system worked in a crowded goalmouth , where players might block the cameras ' view of the ball . "  FIFA are of the opinion that the systems are very costly , would not add anything to the game and would harm the position of the referee , " the UK 's Press Association reported at the time . Do you think goal-line technology should be used ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below . But Hawk-Eye managing director Paul Hawkins told CNN that he believes FIFA has decided that it does n't want technology in football . "  I saw FIFA last week and told them that we can provide a system if they want it , but it 's very clear they do n't want the system , " he said . Hawkins said his company can not develop the technology any further without more testing in real stadiums , but that kind of testing requires FIFA 's consent . The idea that football 's governing bodies are opposed to more technology in football has been supported by statements from the sport 's governing bodies . In March 2009 , Blatter said in a statement : "  The IFAB believes that football is a game for human beings and , as such , we should improve the standard of refereeing - and not turn to technology . " Michel Platini , President of UEFA , European Football 's governing body , has expressed similar views . Instead of pursuing goal-line technology , the IFAB chose to trial the idea of having two extra match officials , one behind each goal . A FIFA spokesman told CNN that while the use of goal-line technology has n't been ruled out forever , even after recent refereeing controversies , the IFAB 's current position is to continue to experiment with extra officials . The IFAB 's decision means there will be no goal-line technology used in the Champions League final on 27 May , which means there is the potential for more refereeing disputes . "  Maybe there will be a controversial goal in the Champions League final and maybe the discussion over the technology will begin again , " Oliver Braun , marketing and communications director at Cairos Technologies told CNN . Hawkins agrees that it will take a controversial goal-line incident in a big FIFA match to get the IFAB to change their position , saying it took a series of contentious calls at the 2004 US Open for tennis authorities to seriously consider using the Hawk-Eye system . If that is the case , there will be some football fans hoping for plenty of goal-line drama come May 27 .	Debate over whether technology should be used to help referees FIFA is opposed to video replays but has considered goal-line technology Hawk-Eye system and microchipped footballs were rejected by IFAB Some feel it will take a big-match controversy to re-open the debate
CNN  -- Iran is taking on one of the world 's biggest Internet giants , threatening to sue over something that is not on its maps . On state-run Press TV , the Iranian regime warns it may take legal action against Google for not labeling the Persian Gulf . It 's the latest volley in what one expert calls a "  war of words " that has raged for decades over the waterway that borders Iran and several Arab countries . Iran previously lashed out against the U.S. military for calling the waterway the Arabian Gulf . In a statement Thursday , the Iranian regime accused Google of carrying out efforts of Iran 's enemies . "  Toying with modern technologies in political issues is among the new measures by the enemies against Iran ,  and  in this regard , Google has been treated as a plaything , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Thursday , according to state-run Press TV . He added that "  omitting the name Persian Gulf is  like  playing with the feelings and realities of the Iranian nation . " On state-run news agency IRNA , Iranian officials accused Google of having removed the words "  Persian Gulf . " But a Google spokesperson told CNN the body of water was never labeled . "  It 's just simply the case that we do n't have a label for every body of water , " the spokesperson said , speaking anonymously on the issue in keeping with company policy . The spokesperson would not name any other specific areas that are not labeled . If you type "  Persian Gulf " into Google Maps , the resulting map shows you the Persian Gulf but does not label it . Nearby bodies of water -- including the Gulf of Oman , Arabian Sea , Gulf of Aden and Red Sea -- are labeled . Google uses the marker "  A " to show you whichever location you requested . The column to the left of the map does say that the A is in the "  Persian Gulf . " Anger over the lack of a label on the map has spread not just within Iran 's government , but among the population and Iranians living around the world . At least nine pages on Facebook are dedicated to the issue , including "  Hey Google , put Persian Gulf back on the map " and "  Boycott Google for removing Persian Gulf from the maps . " There have also been times that Arabs complained the waterway should be called the Arabian Gulf , says Clive Holes , a professor at the University of Oxford who specializes in language and the contemporary Arab world . "  It 's a war of words , " he says . "  These are symbolic things " and involve "  a lot of emotion , " Holes said . The National Iranian American Council has complained that the term "  Arabian Gulf " began "  as Pan-Arabism propaganda and was later used by Saddam Hussein to exploit ethnic rivalries in support of his regional ambitions . " In 2010 , the U.S. Navy was bombarded with thousands of angry , pro-Iranian messages on its Facebook page . The Navy responded with its own extensive statement on Facebook . "  We are aware of the long and proud history of the Persian people , " the Navy said at the time . It added that "  Arabian Gulf " is used for its forces , but that in other respects , including nautical charts and publications , "  the historic name of Persian Gulf is used . " Iran has gone after other groups before for either using the term "  Arabian Gulf ' or simply calling it "  the gulf . " The country banned the British publication The Economist once in 2006 for calling the waterway "  the Gulf , " and it launched protests against the Louvre museum in Paris when its guides did the same , the British newspaper The Guardian reported . Google would not say whether it has had direct contact with Iranian authorities on the issue , nor whether it has received many complaints . Holes says Google is "  boxing clever " -- making a smart move -- by not labeling something controversial . "  They do n't want to annoy anybody . " Google Maps has found itself in controversial terrain before . In November 2010 , a Nicaraguan general cited Google 's map of the border with Costa Rica to justify a reported raid in a disputed area . The dispute over the term "  Persian Gulf " is a reminder that what a place is called can have powerful political repercussions . While much of the world refers to the Asian nation west of Thailand as Myanmar , the U.S. government still calls it Burma . The State Department explains that the ruling junta changed the name to Myanmar in 1989 , but some in the democratic opposition do n't recognize the change . "  Out of support for the democratic opposition , and its victory in the 1990 election , the U.S. government likewise uses ` Burma , ' " the State Department website says . The United States also does not use the name Kampuchea , instead calling that country Cambodia . The State Department says the Khmer Rouge turned Cambodia , "  which it called Democratic Kampuchea  DK  , " into "  a land of horror . " In Israel , some officials refer to the West Bank as Judea and Samaria -- biblical references used to highlight Jewish history on the land and bolster a view that it should be part of modern Israel . In Northern Ireland , nationalists and unionists have battled for years over whether to call an area Derry or Londonderry . Argentina and much of Latin America call the Falklands the Malvinas . Argentina presses claims to the islands 30 years after losing a war with Britain over them . "  You kind of own something if it 's called the way you want it called , " Holes , the Oxford professor said , adding that there is a "  kind of a feeling that who you are is tied into issues of how you name things . "	Google tells CNN this body of water was never labeled Spats over naming have cropped up from "  Malvinas " to "  Derry " to "  Kampuchea " Iran 's Foreign Ministry says Google is being used by the nation 's enemies
Washington  CNN  -- White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel used former President Bill Clinton as an intermediary last year as part of a failed administration effort to dissuade Pennsylvania Rep. Joe Sestak from running for the U.S. Senate , according to a publicly released memorandum from the White House legal counsel 's office . Top White House lawyer Robert Bauer conceded that "  options for Executive Branch service were raised " for Sestak , but insisted that administration officials did not act improperly . He characterized the attempt to influence Pennsylvania 's Democratic Senate primary -- ultimately won by Sestak -- as no different from political maneuvers by past administrations from both political parties . Key Republicans disagreed with Bauer 's assessment . Several House GOP members sent a letter to the FBI Friday asking for an investigation . The White House was instrumental in last year 's switch by Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter from the GOP to the Democratic Party . President Barack Obama backed Specter in his bid for a sixth term in the Senate , and the administration was eager to clear the field of any primary opponents . Bauer stated in the memo that efforts "  were made in June and July of 2009 to determine whether Congressman Sestak would be interested in service on a presidential or other Senior Executive Branch Advisory Board , which would avoid a divisive Senate primary , allow him to retain his seat in the House , and provide him with an opportunity for additional service to the public in a high-level advisory capacity . " Sestak would not have been paid for any advisory work , Bauer insisted . Emanuel "  enlisted the support of former President Clinton who agreed to raise with ... Sestak options of service , " Bauer said . Sestak declined the suggested options , he said . "  Last summer , I received a phone call from President Clinton , " Sestak confirmed Friday in a written statement . "  During the course of the conversation , he expressed concern over my prospects if I were to enter the Democratic primary for U.S. Senate . ... He said that White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel had spoken with him about my being on a presidential board while remaining in the House of Representatives . I said no . " Bauer said that the White House , contrary to one widely circulated rumor , did not offer Sestak the position of secretary of the Navy . He noted Obama nominated Ray Mabus for the position on March 26 , 2009 , more than a month before Specter switched to the Democratic Party . Bauer insisted there was no impropriety in the White House 's efforts . "  The Democratic Party leadership had a legitimate interest in averting a divisive primary fight and a similarly legitimate concern about the congressman vacating his seat in the House , " he wrote . The White House 's attempt to keep Sestak out of the Senate race was "  fully consistent with the relevant law and ethical requirements . " California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa , who has pushed for the appointment of a special prosecutor to examine the incident , vehemently disagreed with Bauer 's conclusions . The White House "  has admitted to a misdemeanor ... and co-opted President Clinton " in it , Issa insisted . "  Is Rahm Emanuel going to stay if in fact he violated the law ? " Clinton "  of all people would be held to a standard of knowing exactly where the line is , " Issa said . "  If he crossed it , he crossed it knowingly . " Issa said that it is "  not the job offer -LSB- but -RSB- the quid pro quo . ... It 's the ' I will give you this job to clear a primary . ' " Issa joined several other House Republicans in urging the FBI to investigate allegations of bribery . "  Assurances by the Obama White House that no laws were broken are like the Nixon White House promising it did nothing illegal in connection with Watergate . Clearly , an independent investigation is necessary to determine once and for all what really happened , " they wrote in a letter to FBI Director Robert Mueller . Sestak , a former Navy admiral and two-term Philadelphia-area congressman , dismissed the GOP 's allegations of wrongdoing , telling reporters that if he had thought something was wrong , he would have reported it . "  Washington , D.C. , is often about political deals , " Sestak said . He insisted that Clinton spoke to him only once about the proposal . Obama said Thursday that he can "  assure the public that nothing improper took place . " The president , however , refused to give any more details , even as some Democrats have demanded the White House be more forthcoming about the matter . Since Sestak 's May 18 primary victory , Republicans have been relentless in keeping the controversy in the news . On Wednesday , all seven Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee called for a special prosecutor to look into the matter . One of the unpaid positions that the White House suggested offering Sestak was an appointment to the president 's Intelligence Advisory Board , which gives the president independent oversight and advice . But it was determined that Sestak could not serve on the board , since he was an active a member of Congress . It appears that Emanuel picked Clinton as a go-between with Sestak because of the former president 's stature as an elder statesman and prominent figure in the Democratic Party , and because Sestak worked on the National Security Council during Clinton 's years in the White House . Sestak backed former first lady and then-Sen . Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic presidential primaries . According to a source at the State Department , Emanuel remains on a trip to Israel and is not expected to be back in the country until Monday . CNN 's Dana Bash , John King , Suzanne Malveaux and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Sestak says Clinton spoke to him only once , insists nothing improper occurred Sestak confirms White House attempt to keep him out of Senate race A White House memo says Bill Clinton tried to persuade Sestak not to run for senator The White House insists no laws were broken , but GOP asks for an FBI investigation
CNN  -- The leader of a group representing 9/11 victims ' families on Friday criticized the National September 11 Memorial Museum 's decision to charge a $ 24 admission for visitors when it opens this spring . "  It was never intended to be a revenue-generating tourist attraction with a prohibitive budget and entrance fee , " Sally Regenhard , assistant chairwoman of the group 9/11 Parents and Families of Firefighters and World Trade Center Victims , said in a prepared statement . She calls on government officials "  to stop this outrageous fee and bring costs under control . " "  The rich will visit the museum , but the poor and middle-class families wo n't be able to afford it , " she said . But the ticket price , which was approved Thursday , will "  ensure the organization 's financial health " and "  help fund the necessary operational costs , " said a statement from Joe Daniels , the 9/11 memorial president . And the fee will help balance a $ 63 million operating budget for 2014 , said Anthony Guido , communications manager at the 9/11 memorial . "  The 9/11 Memorial does not yet receive government support for ongoing operations as many other important museums of our national history do , " Daniels said . The memorial is seeking federal funding which would enable the expansion of education programming , Guido said . Relatives of 9/11 victims are exempt from all fees and charges . Discounts will be offered to students , seniors and other groups , and the museum will offer free general admission between 5 and 8 p.m. each Tuesday . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke out against charging an admission fee Wednesday . "  This is a nationally important site . It 's something that people come to from all over the country , all over the world , and we need the federal government to join with us , " he said . The underground museum at the World Trade Center is scheduled to open in mid-May . The above-ground memorial plaza , which has had 11.5 million visitors since opening two years ago , will continue to be free . The memorial preserves the history of September 11 , 2001 . "  The stories and the lives of the nearly 3,000 innocent people lost that day will be forever honored at the Museum through artifacts , exhibitions and first-person accounts , " Daniels said . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	National September 11 Memorial Museum will charge $ 24 for admission The fee will help balance a $ 63 million operating budget for 2014 , 9/11 memorial president says The museum does not yet receive government funding Relatives of 9/11 victims are exempt from fees , and other discounts are offered
