CNN  -- Former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo appeared in a New York court Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to charges that he laundered $ 70 million through U.S. banks while in power . Portillo , who was extradited to the United States last week , has always denied the charges against him and says the accusations are based on the lies of political enemies . "  This is a case of clear overreaching by the Department of Justice and the United States government against former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo , who is innocent of all the charges against him , " defense attorney David M. Rosenfield told reporters on Tuesday . "  Former President Portillo was tried on many of these same charges in a politically motivated criminal case in Guatemala in early 2011 , and was acquitted on all charges . The acquittal was upheld on appeal , " he said . "  Former President Portillo intends to vigorously defend himself against the current charges against him and fully expects to be acquitted here just as he was acquitted in Guatemala . " U.S. prosecutors have said Portillo , who led the Central American country from 2000 to 2004 , used his authority to launder and misappropriate millions of dollars . "  Portillo is charged with converting the office of the Guatemalan presidency into his personal ATM , " Preet Bharara , U.S. attorney for the southern district of New York , said in a 2010 statement . "  Through various alleged embezzlement schemes , including one which involved $ 1.5 million intended for Guatemalan school children , Portillo abused the trust of his nation 's people . " An indictment unsealed in New York federal court accuses Portillo of embezzling tens of millions of dollars worth of public funds , "  a substantial portion of which he laundered through American and European bank accounts . " After the United States made an extradition request , Guatemalan authorities arrested him on a farm on the country 's coast in 2010 . Guatemalan courts and the country 's president authorized his extradition to the United States in 2011 , but the transfer did not happen until Friday . In court Tuesday , Portillo wore a gray suit and a maroon tie . He had a pair of headphones for translation . His attorneys have asked for a bail hearing within two weeks . Portillo has said that he never laundered money in U.S. banks . "  In the United States , it is a revenge of the richest group of the American right , " he said in an interview with CNN en EspaÃ ± ol in January . "  They are charging me for being the only president who did not support , with his signature nor with his permission , the invasion in Iraq . " "  If deposits were made , " he said , "  they are deposits that first of all come from institutions that are not illicit . In order for there to be laundering , the first requirement is that the money is from an illegal origin or comes from an illegal activity . " Portillo responded directly to the charge concerning the $ 1.5 million that the United States says was intended for schoolchildren . That money , Portillo said , was something he had requested and received before he became president . From the beginning , that money was raised to create a trust fund to support his daughter 's studies , and that 's what it was used for , Portillo said . Despite his claims that his rights have been violated during the extradition process , Portillo said he believes he will get a fair trial in the United States . "  I have confidence that at least I will have a transparent , impartial , objective trial that is based on reliable evidence and not just testimonies that are based on falsehoods , " he said . A fair trial would not be possible in Guatemala , he added . Twist in Guatemalan case : Genocide conviction overturned Guatemala confronts a dark chapter Journalist Miguel Salay and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Maria Santana and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is a case of clear overreaching , " a defense attorney says Former president Alfonso Portillo says his enemies orchestrated the charges against him Prosecutors say he used his authority to launder and misappropriate millions of dollars Portillo led Guatemala from 2000 to 2004
CNN  -- A wreck involving two trains , one of which was carrying crude oil , sparked a large fire Monday that sent huge flames and dangerous smoke into the sky , North Dakota authorities said . There were no reports of injuries from the accident , said Sgt. Tara Morris with the Cass County Sheriff 's Office , but "  with the oil on fire there are hazardous conditions , and we are directing all people in the area to shelter in-place and stay indoors . " Firefighters will be forced to let the fire burn out , which may take as long as 12 hours from the time of the accident  2:12 p.m. CT  , because they can not get close enough to the flames , she told CNN . The incident occurred one mile west of Casselton , a town of 2,300 residents about 25 miles west of Fargo . Huge plumes of smoke could be seen in Fargo , Morris said . The sheriff 's office advised all residents in Casselton and two nearby townships to evacuate because the winds were shifting due to a high-pressure system . A Red Cross shelter in Fargo was available , the sheriff 's office said . Morris said it was unclear how the accident happened and authorities are trying to determine whether one of the trains derailed before they collided . About 10 of the cars on the train carrying oil were fully engulfed in flames . At least a dozen firefighters are involved , she said . An official with the Federal Railroad Administration said it will support a National Transportation Safety Board investigation of the accident . CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheriff urges residents to leave town because winds are expected to shift Fire will take 12 hours to burn itself out Officials are n't sure if one train derailed before the accident Smoke can be seen in Fargo , 25 miles away
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez vowed to press forward with his socialist reforms after winning another six-year term at the helm of the oil-rich South American country . "  Today a new cycle of the Bolivarian government begins , " he told a crowd of cheering supporters after election results were announced . "  I promise to be a better president every day . " Chavez won more than 54 % of the vote to defeat Henrique Capriles Radonski in Sunday 's closely watched election . It was the fourth presidential election victory for Chavez , who has been in office since 1999 . After Chavez 's triumph , the answers to key questions about the South American 's future were unclear : Will opposition forces lose momentum or gain strength after Sunday 's defeat ? Will Chavez 's health affect his ability to govern ? And who could succeed him within his powerful political movement ? Venezuelan elections about more than Hugo Chavez 's legacy Chavez 's vision of 21st century socialism emphasizes the use of state oil windfalls to fund social programs . On the campaign trail , he pointed to accomplishments in housing , education and health initiatives and acknowledged he needs to do more on crime and government bureaucracy . The ebullient leader is 58 years old and has been visibly weakened by two surgeries for cancer . He has kept secret the kind of cancer he has and his prognosis . In May , speculation intensified over who would succeed Chavez when he named 10 people to the highest circle of advisers to the president . But in July , he said he was cancer free . Share your images from the Venezuela election Chavez 's victory gives him "  the opportunity to consolidate his policies " and also reaffirms the approach his government has taken to international relations , said Miguel Tinker Salas , a Latin American history professor at Pomona College in California . Chavez 's influence over Latin America 's left-leaning governments has often rankled the United States , Venezuela 's largest trading partner . Venezuela is the fourth-largest exporter of oil to the United States . Despite that tight economic relationship , the two countries are far from close : Chavez often rails against the United States and its allies as "  imperialists " and has supported controversial world leaders such as President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran . The election result Sunday means the U.S. government will have to continue to deal with Chavez 's provocatively independent brand of diplomacy . "  I think Washington will have to start getting used to the fact that countries in Latin America , especially South America , are charting their own course , " said Tinker Salas . Chavez , a vocal U.S. critic In a triumphant speech from the balcony of the presidential palace Sunday , Chavez described his election victory as "  a perfect battle , and totally democratic . " Fireworks peppered the sky over Caracas after the provisional results were announced . "  Today we have demonstrated -- comrades , compatriots -- that our democracy is one of the best in the world , " Chavez told thousands of supporters who cheered and waved flags . He thanked those who had voted for him and acknowledged those who had voted against him , applauding their "  democratic attitude . " Observers had said Capriles , 40 , represented a moderate alternative to Chavez , the charismatic standard-bearer of the Latin American left . Capriles had vowed not to end the social programs that Chavez had set up , and he had promised to fight corruption that had grown in the public sector . He appeared to have mounted one of the strongest challenges so far in Chavez 's 13 years in power . But his efforts ultimately proved insufficient to unseat the incumbent . Henrique Capriles Radonski : The candidate challenging Hugo Chavez With 90 % of the ballots counted , Chavez had more than 54 % of votes , with nearly 45 % for Capriles , Venezuela 's National Electoral Council said Sunday night . Chavez had secured 7.4 million votes and Capriles 6.1 million votes , election officials said . Capriles ' supporters made a significant showing , bringing the opposition candidate the closest any presidential election opponent has come to defeating Chavez . But the high turnout was n't enough to win for Capriles ' campaign , which had criticized the Chavez administration for inefficiencies , infrastructure shortcomings and corruption . "  We began the construction of a path , " the opposition coalition candidate told supporters after conceding his defeat . Capriles congratulated Chavez on his victory and urged him to take into account the different views expressed by voters . "  Being a good president means working for the vision of all Venezuelans , " he said . For Venezuela 's president , a year of health struggles The opposition will now have to try to maintain a unified front for regional elections scheduled to take place in December , Tinker Salas said . That may prove difficult , he said , since "  the one thing that brought them together was the figure of Chavez . " "  There was great sadness , " said journalist Alberto Echegaray , who watched as the results were announced at Capriles ' campaign headquarters Sunday night , "  but on the other hand happiness , because we have 6 million votes in Venezuela , we have a new leader in the region who is only 40 years old , and really , we are prepared to continue forward with the proposal we have . " The country saw one of its high participation rates in decades Sunday , with almost 81 % of voters going to the polls , according to Tibisay Lucena , president of the National Electoral Council . In fact , some polling places were kept open two hours after their scheduled closing because of lines of voters waiting for ballots . Nearly 140,000 troops were deployed throughout the country to guard polling places and keep the peace , state-run VTV reported . Chavez : Venezuela arrests U.S. ` mercenary '	Chavez , president since 1999 , is re-elected to a six-year term His defeated challenger urges him to govern for all Venezuelans Hugo Chavez thanks his supporters and acknowledges the opposition With 90 % of ballots counted , he has 54 % of the vote , officials say
Four-year-old filly Treve defied her critics and the starting odds to secure back to back wins in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamps Sunday . Given the perfect ride by jockey Thierry Jarnet , 11-1 shot Treve stormed to the front in the final furlong to win from Flintshire and favored English filly Taghrooda . Unbeatable as a three-year-old , Treve had been winless after being kept in training , until giving a timely reminder of the old sporting adage that form is temporary , class is permanent . It was a fairytale victory for her trainer Criquette Head-Maarek , who has twice beaten life-threatening illnesses , and knew her horse had similar fighting qualities . She controversially took the decision to take famous jockey Frankie Dettori off the filly , replacing him with Jarnet , who rode Treve to the 2013 success and was winning his fourth Arc . "  This is a great personal satisfaction for me , " said the 66-year-old from the famous Head racing dynasty , who have secured a string of Arc victories over the years as jockeys and trainers . Her grandfather William Head and father Alec trained two and four Arc winners respectively , while brother Freddie won three as a jockey . Head-Maarek has now trained three winners , the first back in 1979 before Treve 's double triumph , but she believes this is her greatest achievement . "  It is the best race I have ever won with all the problems with her back and hoof and criticism aimed at her . This is brilliant , I 'm not yet back down to earth yet ! It is my best day , " she added Treve is only the seventh horse to win successive Arcs and the first since the Vincent O'Brien-trained Alleged was ridden to a 1978 success by legendary English jockey Lester Piggott . Andre Fabre 's Flintshire rode a strong race , ahead of Oaks and King George heroine Taghrooda and St. Leger winner Kingston Hill . But the three-pronged Japanese challenge never materialized with Harp Star the best finisher in sixth place . The autumn showdown in Paris has the richest prize purse in the sport of flat racing at $ 5 million and attracts the leading Thoroughbred horses in the world to the French capital .	French-trained Treve wins Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe First horse in 40 years to win back to back Arcs 11-1 shot Treve given perfect ride by jockey Thierry Jarnet Japanese challenge never materializes
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban authorities said Tuesday the infectious and sometimes deadly disease cholera had struck in Havana , after declaring in August that an earlier cholera outbreak had been wiped out . A statement from the Cuban Health Ministry said so far there were 51 confirmed cases in the new outbreak . The statement did not say if anyone had died from the disease , a bacterial infection of the small intestine , which causes severe diarrhea and vomiting in infected people . The Health Ministry statement Tuesday said the latest outbreak appeared to be caused by a food vendor who had not followed proper sanitary procedures . Residents in some of the neighborhoods where the outbreak occurred told CNN that food stands had been closed down and stations set up at the entrances to buildings for people to disinfect their shoes . The statement said that health workers were in the "  extermination phase " of fighting the disease in the Cuban capital , which has a population of 2 million people . Cholera , according to the World Health Organization , still infects between 3 million and 5 million people each year , killing between 100,000 and 120,000 . But until 2012 , Cuba had not seen a cholera outbreak for more than 100 years . It is still not clear how the disease was reintroduced to the country . In August : Cholera outbreak over ?	Health authorities have closed down food stands in the capital 's affected areas The last cholera outbreak ended in August , officials said Before then , the bacterial infection had n't been seen for more than 100 years in Cuba
CNN  -- The president of the Maldives , one of the world 's most popular honeymoon destinations , resigned Tuesday after a revolt by police officers , his spokesman said , leaving the normally idyllic chain of islands in chaos . Mohamed Nasheed was the first democratically elected president of the Indian Ocean nation in three decades . "  This morning , about 500 opposition supporters along with some Islamic hardliners protested outside the army headquarters , shouting slogans , and some police officers mutinied and joined them , " Nasheed 's spokeman said . "  And so , the president was in a situation where he could either tell the army to forcibly crack down on the protesters or he could step down . He chose the latter . "  This is a situation where the first democratically elected president in the Maldives is taken down by a former dictator and his supporters , " the spokesman said . Nasheed said in a nationally televised address that he was stepping down because he did n't feel he was able to maintain security and peace in the country , which attracts hundreds of thousands of tourists every year . Strategically located in the Indian Ocean but extremely poor , the country is threatened by rising sea levels . Nasheed once held a Cabinet meeting underwater , with ministers wearing scuba gear , to highlight the problem . Vice President Mohammed Waheed Hassan was sworn in as president shortly after Nasheed resigned . But journalist Sumon Chakrabarti , who is at work on a book about the Maldives , suggested Hassan is a puppet who would not last . "  He comes from a very small political party . He 's respected as an academic " but has little support of his own , Chakrabarti said . "  I doubt how long they will allow this man to remain in power . " Chakrabarti said he felt the coup was "  the end of democracy in the Maldives . It throws the whole notion of democracy out of the window . " And that is a cause for international concern , he said . "  Here was the country 's first democratically elected president and he was forced to resign by a cocktail of religious extremists , the brother of the former president ... forces like businessmen who are also members of Parliament , and then the police force , which was always loyal to the former dictator , " he said . The police officers appeared to have sided with the Progressive Party , which is loyal to former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , who ruled Maldives for 30 years before Nasheed defeated him . Nasheed had faced strong criticism in recent months from opposition groups calling for Islam to play a greater role in the running of the country , spurred in part by the supporters of Gayoom . The country is more than 98 % Muslim , according to a 2011 Pew Forum report on the global Muslim population . The coup signals a rise in extremism , Chakrabarti said . "  It 's going from being one of the most moderate Muslim nations on Earth towards extremism , " he said . The different political parties in the country , an archipelago of almost 1,200 coral islands south-southwest of India , planned to meet Tuesday afternoon to discuss the next step , said Bunya Maumoon , a spokeswoman for the Progressive Party . In 2008 , Nasheed became the country 's first democratically elected president in 30 years . The nation was rocked by violent protests last year that Nasheed accused Gayoom 's supporters of orchestrating . But demonstrators said at the time they were protesting economic conditions , created by reforms imposed by Nasheed . The government also clashed with opposition groups in December over the issues of massage parlors and the sale of pork and alcohol in resorts . Tuesday 's events unfolded after about 200 policemen gathered in Republic Square in the capital , Male , according to Ahmed Rasheed , an executive producer at the state TV station . A peaceful standoff with members of the Maldives defense forces in the square turned violent early Tuesday morning , he said , describing the situation in Male as "  chaos . " The policemen took over the state TV station later Tuesday morning . They changed its name from the Maldives National Broadcasting Corporation back to its old name , Television Maldives . Gayoom is still considered a hero by many in Maldives who credit him for transforming a fishing culture into a tourist nation . During his long rule , Nasheed was among his fiercest critics , alleging that Gayoom ruled with an iron fist , crushing dissent , amassing wealth and stacking his administration with friends and relatives . Nasheed was arrested as a journalist several times and held as a political prisoner . Until his defeat by Nasheed , Gayoom won six previous elections as the only candidate on the ballot . He had sought a seventh five-year term , saying that he would need a few more years to see through the reforms he has put in place . Maldives is also grappling with a very likely possibility that it will go under water if the current pace of climate change keeps raising sea levels . Most of it lies just 4.9 feet  1.5 meters  above sea The United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change has forecast a rise in sea levels of at least 7.1 inches  18 cm  by the end of the century . Male is already protected by sea walls . But creating a similar barrier around the rest of the country will be cost-prohibitive . Soon after his election , Nasheed raised the possibility of finding a new homeland for the country 's approximately 400,000 residents . He is the subject of an upcoming documentary , "  The Island President , " that tells the story of his efforts to raise awareness of climate change . CNN 's Sarita Harilela , Sumnima Das and Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	NEW : The Maldives is going from moderate Islam towards extremism , an analyst says NEW : The vice president is sworn in as president , a TV broadcast shows The country 's political parties will meet later Tuesday to consider next steps Spokesman : Nasheed chose to step down rather than have the army to crack down
A new witness in the police shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , told CNN that Brown and the police officer tussled at the police car window , then the officer shot the teen multiple times , as Brown backed away . "  What I saw was when Michael and the cop were wrestling through the window , " Tiffany Mitchell told CNN 's Don Lemon . A shot was fired while Brown was out the window . He got free , and the officer got out of the vehicle , followed Brown and shot him , she said . He raised his hands , and the officer kept firing , she said . Police fired tear gas at a crowd of protesters late Wednesday for another night , as the group gathered to protest Brown 's deadly shooting . Officers in riot gear then marched toward the protesters near a burned out gas station , which has become the gathering point for demonstrations . Police announced that they no longer considered the protest peaceful , before they fired the canisters , CNN producer Yon Pomrenze said . People fled in all directions , as the stinging clouds wafted by them . A separate small group of over a dozen people gathered outside Ferguson 's police station holding up signs and chanting protests for a fifth day . Officer not named Police have said Brown died in a dangerous struggle after trying to grab the officer 's weapon , but witnesses say it seemed a brazen act of aggression by the officer on Saturday , and that Brown was unarmed and not threatening . On Wednesday , Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson told CNN that the officer had been hit and suffered swelling on the side of his face . He was taken to a hospital and released the same day , Jackson said . Five days have passed since Brown 's killing , and the public still does not know the name of the person who pulled the trigger . There have been cries of a cover-up . "  That does n't give the community confidence . That does n't make it transparent , " attorney Benjamin Crump told reporters . "  And remember , we 've got a long way to go before this community starts to believe that the police are going to give them all the answers and not try to sweep it under the rug . " Crump was one of the attorneys who represented the family of Trayvon Martin , the teenager who was killed in a 2012 altercation with Florida man George Zimmerman . But Mayor James W. Knowles said police have received death threats against the officer and his family . They want to prevent further violence , he said . Hackers have gone after his personal information and worked people up against members of government and the police , he said . A town in turmoil -- 5 things about Ferguson , Missouri Trouble at night Police have asked protesters to restrict their gatherings to daylight hours , after violence has broken out repeatedly after nightfall . Protests during the day have been peaceful . Protests on Sunday and Monday ended with clashes with police and looting . Police have made 47 arrests after Brown 's shooting , KMOV reported . "  We understand the anger ; we understand that people want answers . We understand that we 've got a problem , but we 're just asking people to be peaceful , " Jackson said . The Ferguson-Florissant School District announced that it was pushing back the start of classes this year . School had been scheduled to resume Thursday . Civil rights Federal civil rights investigators and the FBI carry out their own inquiry into the controversial case . In the town of 21,000 , there 's a history of distrust between the predominantly black community and the largely white police force . "  Race relations is a top priority right now and , as I said , I 'm working with the Department of Justice to improve that , " Jackson told reporters Wednesday . Only three of the city 's 53 officers are African-American , and Jackson said he is working to change that . Dorian Johnson , who said he saw the shooting , told CNN on Tuesday that the officer who opened fire is white . Brown wanted to pursue an education and was keen on staying out of trouble , his mother said . He was to start classes at a local technical college this semester . Teen was two days away from starting college What we know about Michael Brown 's shooting Trayvon Martin case fast facts Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ?	Ferguson-Florissant district pushes back the start of school "  We understand the anger ... that people want answers , " police chief says Officials decline to identify officer who shot the teen , citing safety concerns Family 's attorney : Police should be transparent , "  not try to sweep it under the rug "
Cedar Rapids , Iowa  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton swiped at Republican Senate hopeful Joni Ernst on Wednesday for canceling a meeting with the Des Moines Register editorial board last week , telling a labor audience that not answering "  tough questions " is "  disqualifying " in the state . "  I have concluded that Iowans take politics really seriously , " Clinton said . "  You test your candidates , you actually force them to be the best they can be and they have to be willing to answer the tough questions . " Democrat Bruce Braley "  has been willing to do this , and his opponent has not , " she said . "  It truly seems like it should be in disqualifying in Iowa of all states to avoid answering questions , " Clinton added to a sustained round of applause . Joni Ernst defends skipping Des Moines Register meeting Of course , the comment could extend beyond the Iowa Senate campaign . Clinton has acknowledged she is thinking about running for president , and many in Iowa think she will decide to run . Should she do so , she will be asked a number of difficult questions from Iowa voters and journalists . At her second event in Iowa on Wednesday , a rally in Davenport , Clinton repeated the line with a slight variation . "  Not in Iowa do people get away from asking tough questions , " Clinton said , before adding , "  Except questions that are far in the future . " The line got the crowd laughing and Clinton responded with a slight smirk , acknowledging she was referencing her presidential ambitions . "  Only one candidate in this race answers your questions , " Clinton added . "  Do n't let anybody in this campaign ... hide behind outside money and negative adds . That is not the Iowa way . " Clinton also knocked Ernst , a female candidate , as someone who did n't stand with women because her stances on reproductive rights . "  It is not enough to be a woman , " Clinton , the prohibitive favorite for her party 's nomination in 2016 , said of Ernst , "  You have to be committed to expanding rights and opportunities for all women . "	NEW : At a second event of the day , Hillary Clinton jokingly hints at her presidential ambitions Clinton slams Senate hopeful Joni Ernst for not attending newspaper editorial meeting Democrat Bruce Braley "  has been willing to do this and his opponent has not , " Clinton says
CNN  -- A circus producer said Friday that an animal rights group has paid it $ 9.3 million to settle two federal court cases claiming elephant abuse . Feld Entertainment , Inc. , trumpeted the settlement with the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals  ASPCA  as a victory for its Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus . "  These defendants attempted to destroy our family-owned business with a hired plaintiff who made statements that the court did not believe , " said Kenneth Feld , chairman and CEO of Feld Entertainment , in a statement . "  Animal activists have been attacking our family , our company , and our employees for decades because they oppose animals in circuses , " Feld said . "  This settlement is a vindication not just for the company but also for the dedicated men and women who spend their lives working and caring for all the animals with Ringling Brothers in the face of such targeted , malicious rhetoric . " The ASPCA was one of several animal rights groups that sued Feld Entertainment in 2000 , alleging that circus elephants were abused . Both parties filed dismissal papers in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia . The ASPCA confirmed the settlement , saying in a statement that "  the organization does not admit to any liability or wrongdoing . " The court never ruled on the merits of the elephant abuse allegations , it said . "  After more than a decade of litigating with Feld Entertainment , the ASPCA concluded that it is in the best interests of the organization to resolve this expensive , protracted litigation , " said ASPCA President and CEO Ed Sayres in the statement . Feld 's cases , which include allegations of litigation abuse and racketeering , will continue against the other defendants -- the Humane Society of the United States , the Fund for Animals , the Animal Welfare Institute , the Animal Protection Institute United with Born Free USA and Tom Rider , a former circus employee who testified against Ringling Bros. . U.S. District Judge Emmett G. Sullivan deemed Rider 's testimony tainted because he had been paid by animal rights activists and did not have standing to sue . "  The court finds that Mr. Rider is essentially a paid plaintiff and fact witness who is not credible , and therefore affords no weight to his testimony regarding the matters discussed herein , i.e. , the allegations related to his standing to sue , " he wrote in a December 2009 opinion . CNN was not able to reach Rider on Friday . ASPCA spokeswoman Elizabeth Estroff would not comment on specifics of the case . Friday 's settlement did not placate Wayne Pacelle , president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States . "  While HSUS was not a party to the original case against Ringling , we agree with so many critics of the circus that its treatment of elephants is deplorable and unacceptable . We 'll continue to make our case to the public , even as Ringling files frivolous and retaliatory legal actions to divert and distract from its abuse of elephants , " he said in a statement . John Simpson , lead counsel for Feld and a partner at Fulbright & Jaworski in Washington , said Feld 's legal costs since July 2000 have exceeded $ 20 million , but that settlements with other defendants may be reached . "  We 're going to see this through to conclusion , whether it ends in a verdict or whether it ends in a settlement , " he said in a telephone interview . "  But they know where to find me . " The toll of the case has gone beyond a financial one , he said . "  It gets very personal and nasty out there on the line when the company 's employees are handling the elephants in public on walks , " he said . "  I think the people who have cared for these animals have suffered and been unjustly accused . " CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	ASPCA pays $ 9.3 million to Feld Entertainment , Inc. . Feld says it has paid more than $ 20 million on legal fees A former circus employee 's testimony was deemed tainted
CNN  -- This morning in New York City , Rupert Murdoch held a press event announcing the launch of The Daily , the world 's first iPad-only "  newspaper . " While I listened to the streaming audio , I was scanning the news -- and I spotted a headline that should probably make News Corp. nervous about its new venture : Apple blocks Sony e-book app . Is Kindle next ? First , a bit about The Daily , per today 's announcement : According to News Corp , iPad owners can subscribe to The Daily with one click , at a weekly rate of 99 cents . An annual subscription costs $ 39.99 . The publication also will display paid advertising . Furthermore , Murdoch confirmed that the iPad will probably be the only provider for The Daily for this year and next year . Eventually News Corp. will be developing editions for all tablet platforms , but for right now , it 's effectively an iPad exclusive -- which means News Corp. is relying heavily on the terms of the deal it 's worked out with Apple to make the economics of this venture pay off . Meanwhile , there 's that Apple/Sony/Kindle flap , which was sparked largely by this New York Times article . In a nutshell , Apple rejected Sony 's new iPhone/iPad e-reader app from its app store in part because that app would jump readers out into the mobile browser in order to buy e-books . This strategy skirts Apple 's considerable 30 % cut for in-app purchases -- and it 's how Amazon 's popular Kindle app has handled purchases from the beginning . Apple claims that this is not a bait-and-switch rule change . The Times ran this quote from an Apple spokesperson Trudy Muller : "  We have not changed our developer terms or guidelines . ... We are now requiring that if an app offers customers the ability to purchase books outside of the app , that the same option is also available to customers from within the app with in-app purchase . " Which is where Apple takes its 30 % cut . I 'm sure News Corp. has worked out with Apple a percentage of subscription revenues that go to Apple . And that 's fair , since Apple is providing distribution for The Daily . But what if those terms were to effectively change without notice ? This Sony decision could very likely be a red flag that Apple is willing to change the rules of how it does business without notice , in ways that could affect all of its app providers . News Corp. has invested lavishly in The Daily , reportedly $ 30 million , including a staff of 120 and prime Manhattan office space . They 're betting heavily that The Daily will pay off big . But if I were Rupert Murdoch -- or Amazon , for that matter -- right now I would be afraid for my iOS-dependent ventures . Very afraid . It might be a good idea for News Corp. to bump up the development schedule for its Android edition .	News Corporation launched a iPad newspaper called The Daily The Daily will cost 99 cents a week , $ 39.99 a year Apple rejects Sony 's e-reader application for not using Apple 's in application purchase method
CNN  -- Media tycoon Rupert Murdoch expects News Corporation-owned newspaper Web sites to start charging users for access within a year in a move which analysts say could radically shake-up the culture of freely available content . Murdoch said the existing Internet business model was "  malfunctioning . " Speaking on a conference call as News Corporation announced a 47 percent slide in quarterly profits to $ 755 million , Murdoch said the current free access business model favored by most content providers was flawed . "  We are now in the midst of an epochal debate over the value of content and it is clear to many newspapers that the current model is malfunctioning , " the News Corp. . Chairman and CEO said . "  We have been at the forefront of that debate and you can confidently presume that we are leading the way in finding a model that maximizes revenues in return for our shareholders ... The current days of the Internet will soon be over . " Murdoch said the experience of the News Corp.-owned Wall Street Journal had proved that charging for content could be made to work . Would you pay to use news Web sites ? Sound Off below He said 360,000 people had downloaded an iPhone WSJ application in three weeks . Users would soon be made to pay "  handsomely " for accessing WSJ content , he added . Murdoch said he envisaged other News Corp. titles introducing charges within 12 months . Murdoch 's international newspaper empire includes the New York Post , the News International stable of UK titles including the Sun and the Times , and a cluster of Australian papers including the Daily Telegraph and the Herald Sun . His comments come with the U.S. newspaper industry in a state of crisis amid plunging advertising revenues and falling circulations with several historic titles already going out of business . Joshua Benton , Director of the Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard University , said Murdoch was not the only executive looking to generate new income streams from online content . "  News executives are starting to recognize that online advertising revenues are not enough on their own , " Benton told CNN . But he said the challenge for media organizations was finding a balance between advertising and subscription revenues and figuring out how to charge for content without alienating existing users -- which could lead to Web sites offering tiered levels of free and paid-for material . "  I suspect within any readership there is a small slice -- maybe three percent -- that is willing to pay . News organizations are going to have to find a way of getting money from that slice without driving away everybody else , " Benton said . "  I do n't think you can afford to put a lock and chain on the front page . Benton said the U.S. newspaper industry was in a "  horrible state " which was likely to get worse . "  We 're starting to see holes where newspapers were . The question is , will new Web sites fill the holes , will traditional names come in -- or will they just not get filled ? " Earlier this week , the 137-year-old Boston Globe said it would be forced to shut down unless it reached an agreement with unions over a $ 10 million program of cost-cutting measures . Watch media chief discuss charging for online content " The paper 's owners , The New York Times Co. , postponed plans to close the paper after reaching a deal with six of seven employees ' unions but said the Globe was expected to lose $ 85 million in 2009 if it did not make major cuts . The developments followed the demise of print editions of The Rocky Mountain News in Denver , Colorado ; The Seattle Post-Intelligencer ; and The Christian Science Monitor . The Rocky Mountain News shut down completely ; both the Seattle paper and the Christian Science Monitor remain in online editions . At least 120 newspapers in the U.S. have shut down since January 2008 , according to Paper Cuts , a Web site tracking the newspaper industry . More than 21,000 jobs at 67 newspapers have vaporized in that time , according to the site . Despite the general mood of gloom over the state of the economy , Murdoch said he believed the worst of the financial crisis had passed . "  I 'm not an economist and we all know economists were created to make weather forecasters look good , " he said . "  But it is increasingly clear the worst is over . "	Rupert Murdoch says News Corp. . Web sites will charge for content within year Murdoch 's newspapers include New York Post , UK 's Sun , Times Wall Street Journal proves users can be charged for content , Murdoch says Murdoch : "  The current days of the Internet will soon be over "
CNN  -- Starbucks , McDonald 's , Zara -- many of the international chains have tried to colonize Paris but the city seems to have put up more resistance than , say , London or New York . Parisians still love their little neighborhood vendors selling one thing and selling it very well -- shops of a kind apparently threatened with extinction in other big cosmopolitan cities . Not that these often quirky Paris establishments are all old , family-run and hidden down a side street . Some are new and pushing retail boundaries far more boldly than your average timid multinational . When it comes to shopping in the French capital , some of the best things still come in small packages -- probably one beautifully wrapped and tied with a neat little bow . 1 . Deyrolle Stuffing all creatures great and small for Parisians since 1831 , this venerable taxidermist 's was threatened with closure in 2008 after most of the shop was destroyed in a fire . But with help from some deep-pocketed fans of the stricken store , including the fashion house Hermès , its current owner , Prince Louis Albert de Broglie , rebuilt it entirely . Today , the 19th century-style interior has been restored to its full glory . Its beautiful wooden showcases contain everything from stuffed beetles to house cats and full-sized giraffes . "  If dead animals scare you , do n't come here , " says one fan . "  Otherwise , it 's like entering another world . " Deyrolle , 46 rue du Bac , 7th arrondissment ; +31 1 42 22 32 21 2 . Tombées du Camion Its name translating as "  fallen off a truck , " this Montmartre miscellany sells an assortment of collectibles from dolls ' heads and toy harmonicas to vintage pistols and broken clocks . "  I sell items with emotional instead of commercial value , " explains the owner , Charles Mas , voicing an ethos that still holds sway among many Parisian shop holders . "  I buy many items from wholesalers and old factories -- they 're old but have never been used . "  Nostalgia , humor , surrealism , punk and the absurd inspire me . "  I hope that my customers get the message : that things only have the value you give them . " Most items are priced from $ 1  $ 1.40  to $ 15 . Tombées du Camion  French site only  , 17 rue Joseph de Maistre , Montmartre , 18th arrondissement ; +33 9 81 21 62 80 3 . Maison du Miel Spooning out the goods since 1905 , the House of Honey is the queen bee -- the oldest -- of Parisian honey vendors . Lavender , lemon , eucalyptus and thyme are among the 40 honey varieties representing the French regions that line its shelves . A pamphlet explains the putative health benefits of each -- thyme honey is apparently good for digestion , for example , and lavender for insomnia -- but the ambrosial tastes are their own advertisement . You can sample three honeys before you buy . The shop also sells honey candy , honey jam , honey oil and soaps made from honey . Maison du Miel  French site only  , 24 rue Vignon , 9th arrondissement ; +33 1 47 42 26 70 4 . Pour Vos Beaux Yeux This may be the coolest collection of specs on the planet . The legendary folding Persol model of sunglasses worn by Steve McQueen in "  The Thomas Crown Affair " and a Ray-Ban Bausch & Lomb frame like that perched on Johnny Depp 's nose in "  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas " are among the vintage items on sale . After the success of his first store in Nice , optician and eyewear-collector Charles Mosa opened this second shop in Paris in 2011 . It 's no ordinary opticians , however -- Mosa hunts down dead stock from defunct factories , creating a collection of never-worn-before frames dating from 1900 to 1980 . The shops "  offer a glimpse of cinematographic style or something a little glamorous and romantic , " says Mosa himself . Prices range from around $ 110 to $ 4,000 . Pour Vos Beaux Yeux  French site only  , 10 Passage du Grand Cerf , 2nd arrondissement ; +33 1 42 36 06 79 5 . Noir Kennedy Stuffed rats hang from traps alongside taxidermied ravens ; 1980s patent leather pumps and reconditioned baseball jackets spill from coffins ; leather jackets hang from the ceiling , and the changing rooms are fashioned from classic red British telephone booths . Entering this vintage clothing shop and Marais fashion institution is like stepping into a Thriller-esque music video set . Prices are cheap for a Parisian boutique and the rockabilly shoppers are serenaded with old school rock tunes booming from the speakers . Noir Kennedy , 22 rue du Roi de Sicile , 4th arrondissement ; +33 9 67 32 17 80 6 . La Fausse Boutique La Fausse Boutique translates as "  The Fake Boutique , " and the name fits . Before 2010 , this was simply a workshop for young artists , designers and inventors . However , from the outside it looked so much like a shop that people kept coming in and asking if they could buy the creations they saw . Et voila -- La Fausse Boutique was born . From anti-hangover capsules to satirical board games such as Méditations Foireuses  "  Half-Assed Meditations "  , the focus is on quirky and surreal products . The creators are still there , working in an office behind the showroom . La Fausse Boutique , 32 Rue Pierre Fontaine , 9th arrondissement ; +33 9 52 43 25 71 7 . Goumanyat & Son Royaume If you did n't already know that it takes 150,000 crocus flowers to make a kilo of saffron , you should after a visit to this spice emporium in a former Parisian apothecary shop . Saffron has been the Thiercelin family 's signature product for more than 200 years , and Monsieur Thiercelin , the shop 's current owner , likes to reel off spice lore to customers whom he personally welcomes in once they have rung the bell . Pierre Gagnaire and Helene Darroze , among other Michelin-starred Paris chefs , come here to stock up on spices . Cooking classes are held on Saturday afternoons . Goumanyat & Son Royaume  French site only  , 3 Rue Charles-François Dupuis , 3rd arrondissement ; +33  0  144 789 674 8 . Nose Founded in 2012 by seven scent lovers -- including Mark Buxton , creator of Comme Des Garçons ' first fragrance -- this boutique aims to match you with your perfect perfume . Customers are handed an iPad and asked to fill in a questionnaire about the perfumes they 've worn , their favorite smells and more . The application then suggests five scents out of the 50 available , including from brands Diptyque , L'Artisan Parfumeur and Callé , that you might like . Nose , 20 Rue Bachaumont , 2nd arrondissment ; +33 1 40 26 46 03 9 . Julien Aurouze Ridding Parisians of vermin since 1872 , this exterminator 's shop is famous not only for its cameo role in the Disney/Pixar film "  Ratatouille "  the lead rat , Remy , is shown the window by his father as a warning to stay away from humans  but also for its gruesome storefront display of stuffed rats hanging from traps . Preserved vermin are clearly a theme among Parisian boutiques . Even if you 're not suffering from a vermin infestation , it 's worth stepping inside to see its impressive array of pest control contraptions . The shop attracts grotesquerie fans worldwide , who come to pose for pictures in front of the rat traps . "  It makes a nice change from the clothing and shoe shops around here , " says one enthusiast . Julien Aurouze  French site only  , 8 Rue des Halles , 1st arrondissment ; +33 1 40 41 16 20	Paris has defended its quirky little traders better than many other large cities Prince Albert de Broglie runs a taxidermist 's that 's been stuffing animals since 1831 Nose uses a questionnaire to match you up with your perfect scent
Baghdad  CNN  -- About 400 members of an exiled Iranian opposition group who are the first to leave a long-term camp in Iraq under a U.N. plan criticized their treatment and the conditions at the new temporary site Saturday . The group left Camp Ashraf at midnight following 12 hours of inspections and checks , Shahin Gobadi of the National Council of Resistance of Iran said in a statement . When they arrived seven hours later at the new site , a former U.S. military base near Baghdad International Airport called Camp Liberty , the group discovered a heavy presence of police . Another inspection was then demanded , prompting the residents to protest what they consider "  degrading , humiliating and inhumane treatment " and the obstructive behavior of the Iraqi forces by refusing to leave the transit buses , Gobadi said . "  The preliminary reports indicate that Camp Liberty is a prison from all aspects , " he added . The group 's relocation to the new site was agreed between the United Nations , Iraqi authorities , the United States and the European Union . From there , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees will begin efforts to resettle the group outside of the country . Martin Kobler , the U.N. secretary general 's special representative and head of the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq  UNAMI  , was at the temporary site to welcome the new arrivals . "  This is the first step towards a better future outside Iraq , " he said . "  I look forward to their continued cooperation with the Iraqi authorities to complete the relocation without delay . " He also praised the Iraqi for having ensured the "  safe and secure relocation " of the first group of residents and urged them to guarantee the human rights and safety of all those still to relocate . Camp Ashraf has been home to members of the Mujahedin-e Khalq , or MEK , for more than 25 years . More than 3,000 exiles , described as Iranian resistance figures and their sympathizers , live at the camp . The MEK has been on the U.S. terrorism list since 1997 because of the killing of six Americans in Iran in the 1970s and an attempted attack against the Iranian mission to the United Nations in 1992 . However , since 2004 , the United States has considered the residents of Camp Ashraf "  noncombatants " and "  protected persons " under the Geneva Conventions . Before moving , the Camp Ashraf residents had demanded a commitment that no Iraqi police would remain inside the new site , in order to ensure the security of the residents . The group believes the current regime in Iraq , under orders from Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , has previously staged deadly attacks against Camp Ashraf . Instead , there are several police posts inside the facility and residents must be accompanied by the police even to go to the dining area , Gobadi said . "  The most important of the Ashraf residents ' demands is that the police must leave the camp area and stay outside the walls , " a statement released by the group Friday said . "  This is a condition without which it will be impossible to have more people in Liberty as it will result in further confrontations , tensions and killing . " The residents also asked for guarantees with regards to the site 's infrastructure -- and say these have not been met . "  In a nutshell , Camp Liberty lacks the most basic international humanitarian standards and human rights standards are not met , " the statement said . The residents say the camp is much smaller than they were told it would be , and that they are being denied free movement and access to medical services . The U.N. 's refugee agency confirmed that the new camp 's infrastructure and facilities were in line with international humanitarian standards at the end of January , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said earlier this week . Camp Ashraf was established in 1986 after former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein invited members of the MEK to relocate to Iraq in an effort to undermine the Iranian government , which was then at war with Iraq . Iran also considers the group to be a terrorist organization . A U.N. commission on refugees has described the residents as "  formal asylum seekers " from persecution by the regime in Iran . The temporary facility , at what was formerly the U.S.-run Camp Liberty , will remain open for an unspecified period of time , though a senior U.S. administration official said in December that there were plans to keep it open until all of the camp residents were resettled . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is the first step towards a better future outside Iraq , " a U.N. official says About 400 residents of Camp Ashraf leave for a temporary site at a former U.S. base The Iranian exiles say they are being inhumanely treated by Iraqi authorities there Under the plan , the U.N. intends eventually to resettle the group to third countries
CNN  -- Kieren Keke remembers growing up on the Pacific island of Nauru , the world 's smallest independent republic . "  The weather patterns were predictable , " he says . "  There was a wet season and a dry season , an annual cycle . When there was drought , it was limited . " "  Now it 's different , " he tells CNN . "  There 's no predictability -- periods of drought can last seven or eight years , and when we get storms they are more intense . The coastline is being eroded . Now the sea is right up to people 's doorsteps . " Keke is now foreign minister of Nauru , and leads the Alliance of Small Island States  AOSIS  at the current U.N. Climate Change conference in Doha , Qatar . The Alliance is fighting a David-and-Goliath battle with the world 's biggest polluters -- trying to shame them into tougher action to limit emissions and curb the warming of the planet . Read more : Project to turn desert green trials in Qatar The 43 members of the Alliance include countries that are literally disappearing amid rising sea levels . And they accuse the likes of India , China and the United States of not addressing climate change with enough urgency . The Inter-Governmental Panel on Climate Change said in 2007 that sea levels would rise between seven and 23 inches  18 and 59 centimeters  this century , but a rate of ice-melt in the Arctic that is much faster than anticipated has prompted many scientists to raise the projection to about one meter , more than three feet . Among those most threatened are the Marshall Islands , halfway between Hawaii and Papua New Guinea . The highest point on the 29 atolls and five islands is 33 feet  10 meters  above sea level . The capital , Majuro , is just three feet above sea level and was inundated by high tides four years ago . Read more : Arab youth offers hope for Doha climate talks "  Low-lying atolls across the Pacific are slowly vanishing , " Keke says . In Nauru , too , people do n't have many places to go . The island -- which on satellite imagery looks like a white pebble in the deep blue expanse of the Pacific -- is eight square miles  21 square kilometers  and has a population of some 10,000 , almost all of whom live on the coastline . The highest point is 200 feet above sea level , but much of the interior has been ravaged by the effects of phosphate mining . And the nearest neighbors are some 180 miles  almost 300 kilometers  away . Keke says the Alliance wants the 190-odd delegations in Doha to "  ramp up their ambitions " because current scientific projections about the warming planet will otherwise wipe out a number of low-lying states . But time is pressing . The Kyoto Protocol , the only binding international agreement on emissions , expires in less than four weeks . And the Doha conference is due to end later this week . Read more : Greenhouse gases reached record highs in 2011 "  Some countries are ready to sign up for a second commitment period to Kyoto , " which would last from 2013 to 2020 , Keke says . Among them the European Union and Australia . But Canada , Russia and Japan are among governments that have already said they wo n't sign onto an extension of Kyoto , a stance that Keke says is "  very disappointing . " They are demanding that countries like China and India -- now the first and third emitters of greenhouse gases -- to be bound by new targets , along with the industrialized world . China and India , as developing nations , were excused from the commitment adopted at Kyoto by some 40 developed nations to cut their carbon emissions by 5 % by this year , compared with the level in 1990 . Measuring sea levels among the Pacific islands -- and trying to establish trends -- is complicated by the effects of the weather systems known as El Nino and La Nina , according to climatologists . But beyond the threat of higher sea levels , the warming climate produces more extreme storms , and more acidic water bleaches coral reefs . Then there are the fish . Many of these island states rely on fishing to survive and as a source of revenue , but as ocean temperatures warm , fish move . Tuna do n't like it hot and swim toward cooler , nutrient-rich waters . A paper prepared this year by the Secretariat of the Pacific Community forecasts that currents and changes in water temperature will mean that "  tuna are likely to move progressively toward the east " -- away from the islands of Oceania . "  Traditional food sources and ways of living will be at risk , " Keke says . AOSIS is asking U.N. officials at Doha not to allow this conference -- the 17th since the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in 1997 -- to degenerate into a last-minute take-it-or-leave-it declaration , as have previous sessions of the U.N. Framework on Climate Change . But these conferences have a habit of coming to life only when the main players turn up in the final days , and past meetings have led to shallow agreements that revised the process of negotiation rather than established real commitments . Whether Doha will be much different , and whether Keke and his colleagues from the Alliance of Small Island States will see a glimpse of hope on the horizon , may become clearer by the end of this week . At present they do n't sound very optimistic , releasing a statement Monday that reads : "  We begin the final week of negotiations in Doha with the sober recognition that time is running out to prevent the loss of entire nations and other calamities in our membership and around the world . "	Lands in the Alliance of Small Island States are disappearing amid rising sea levels The Alliance is pressing for action at the current Climate Change conference The warming climate also produces more extreme storms and affects fishing Alliance members do not sound optimistic about the conference
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Sunday stoody by a decree to disband private security firms operating in his country , despite objections from the United States and other countries that the move would leave international development organizations without adequate protection to do their work . Karzai said that he has wanted to disband the organizations for some time and had warned about security for development organizations before , but that his words went unheeded . "  I mentioned that problem five years ago but international friends called it impossible and threatened to close the development projects at that time , " Karzai said . "  Again , I mentioned that problem three years ago and I requested the international community to help us in implementing it but they asked me to give them time more two years . Now the Afghanistan government is committed in its decision to disband the private security companies . " Karzai believes that the private security companies are creating a parallel security system that challenges the Afghan security forces , his office said . Regarding protection for the development organizations , Karzai asked other countries to present a list of security requirements for large national projects and that the Afghan government would take decisions on whether and how to safeguard them . The only exception to the closure of private security firms is their work protecting embassies and diplomats . Meanwhile , some U.S.-funded development organizations have begun implementing contingency plans that could result in those organizations pulling out of the country . The U.S. government and NATO have been talking to the Afghan government about the ramifications of the measure . The most recent meeting was Sunday , when Karzai and members of his government met with U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry , Gen. David Petraeus -- top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan -- and others . All the participants at the meeting reiterated their support for the decree and agreed to continue working together on implementing the ban in a way that does n't leave development agencies in a lurch , U.S. Embassy spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said . "  As a matter of priority , the United States will continue to work with the Afghan government and international community to fully implement the decree over a period of time to ensure the protection of our development implementing partners as they continue their operations , " Hayden said . One day earlier , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke to Karzai to offer ideas on how to implement the ban on private security firms , according to State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley in a Twitter message . Crowley said the Clinton suggested building a joint plan to steadily replace contractors while managing the impact on existing operations . Clinton also pledged to work cooperatively with Karzai to support a smooth transition to full Afghan security responsibility , he said . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jill Dougherty and Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	NEW : Afghan , international officials meet to discuss implentation of ban Afghanistan is banning all private security firms President Karzai stands by the decision The U.S. is concerned about the ramifications for development organizations
CNN  -- Actress Dixie Carter , best known for her role as Julia Sugarbaker on the TV show "  Designing Women , " has died , her agent said Saturday . She was 70 . She was 70 . Carter died from complications arising from cancer , her publicist , Steve Rohr , said Sunday . Carter was drawn to roles portraying steely Southern women . One of her more recent roles included a guest appearance on the show "  Desperate Housewives , " for which she was nominated for an Emmy in 2007 . "  This has been a terrible blow to our family , " her husband , the actor Hal Holbrook , told "  Entertainment Tonight . " "  We would appreciate everyone understanding that this is a private family tragedy . " Carter and Holbrook met while filming the CBS-TV movie , "  The Killing of Randy Webster . " Carter was born in 1939 in McLemoresville , Tennessee . In addition to her role as feisty Julia Sugarbaker , she 's been on other television series including "  Family Law " and "  Diff ` rent Strokes . " She also had a long career on Broadway and appeared on stage in "  Southern Comforts " with her husband in 2006 . In addition to Holbrook , to whom she has been married since 1984 , Carter is survived by two daughters , Mary Dixie and Ginna . According to Rohr , Carter suffered from endometrial cancer , which forms in the the tissue lining the uterus .	Actress Dixie Carter dead at 70 , agent tells CNN Carter was best known for role as Julia Sugarbaker on "  Designing Women " Carter was married to fellow actor Hal Holbrook
CNN  -- A group of friends got lucky when they bought a winning Powerball ticket at a Detroit-area porn shop . Mike Greer claimed the $ 128.6 million prize on Friday , on behalf of a group of southeastern Michigan residents that he dubbed "  Team Victory Club . " At a press conference in Lansing , Michigan , Greer would n't answer questions as to who purchased the ticket at Uptown Book Store in Highland Park , or why they were at the store in the first place . "  Nobody cares , " said Greer . Uptown Book Store , an adult novelty store a few miles north of Detroit that also rents pornographic videos , will get $ 50,000 from lottery officials for selling the winning ticket . It shares a building with the Deja Vu strip club . At the same press conference , Steve Mays laid claim to a winning $ 141 million Mega Millions prize . Mays , who said he 's been retired the past 10 years , said it was "  to be determined " what he 'd do with his jackpot . He opted for the annuity plan , spreading out his winnings over 26 years , according to CNN affiliate WILX . Team Victory Club , on the other hand , opted for a lump sum payout of $ 69.6 million before taxes . Greer said that the winners planned to give some of their money to an unnamed local church , "  and maybe fix some things around the house . " "  The prize is a blessing , " said Greer , who did not divulge how many people would share the prize . "  We were in shock . Like I told my family , everything has changed , but nothing has changed . " Friday 's dual announcement marked the largest single-day payout since the Michigan Lottery began 38 years ago , and the first time that a single state lottery has had Powerball and Mega Millions winners so close together , according to the Michigan Lottery .	A ticket that won a $ 128.6 million jackpot was purchased at a Michigan porn shop The Powerball ticket was bought for a group of friends at Uptown Book Store Another Michigan man claimed a $ 141 million Mega Millions prize the same day
CNN  -- Thanksgiving usually means family , food , football and , of course , the kickoff of the holiday shopping season with Black Friday and Cyber Monday . With so much consumption going on , giving back can easily be overlooked . The 92nd Street Y in New York hopes to change that with its social media movement #GivingTuesday . #GivingTuesday is not a charity drive to benefit one cause but a call for many organizations and individuals to give to those less fortunate during this time of year , say its organizers . Retailers around the country will host donation drives in stores on Tuesday . Meanwhile , participants with an online presence are soliciting charitable contributions from their social media followers . "  We began thinking about this around the holidays last year , but work truly began in earnest in the spring , " said Henry Timms , spokesman for the community center and the movement 's mastermind . "  What 's been so inspiring is how many organizations and individuals have taken up the charge for #GivingTuesday . " My Take : #GivingTuesday creates better Christmas narrative than Black Friday The message is "  people do n't have to be a billionaire or a big name to be a philanthropist . " Anyone can make a lasting impact when they donate and advocate for causes that matter to them , Timms said . As the hashtag suggests , social media is central to the #GivingTuesday effort . Relying on its social media connections , 92nd Street Y was able to reach millions of people and spread the word about the event . The U.N. Foundation , Microsoft , Goodwill , The Salvation Army and the American Red Cross have joined the effort . Altogether , there are more than 2,000 organizations participating in the #GivingTuesday event nationwide . People can donate to any charity they wish , and #GiveTuesday 's charitable partners can use any method they wish to give back . For instance , Microsoft will launch a donor-matching campaign for GiveforYouth.org , a "  micro-giving " site that strives to fund young people 's ambitions . "  This new way of building communities and sharing with one another is the way that modern movements will take hold , and social media is the medium that can connect these communities , not only at greater speeds and across boundaries , but in authentic and lasting ways , " said Kathy Calvin , CEO of the U.N. Foundation . "  We view social media as more than just the broadcaster for this conversation about giving ; it 's the connector . " Some groups have even taken a page from 92nd Street Y and created a social media plan to focus their contribution efforts . Shoemaker ALDO will host a donation-match Twitter campaign , inviting its community to tweet what they 'll be doing on #GivingTuesday . Each tweet that mentions ALDO 's Twitter handle and contains the phrase #GivingTuesday will be matched with a $ 5 donation to the American Red Cross . Sony will tap Pinterest , the online scrapbooking site , for a "  Pin It to Give It " donation campaign . From #GivingTuesday until the end of the year , Sony will give a dollar for every Sony product re-pinned on the "  Pin It to Give It " board , up to $ 25,000 . The money will go to the Michael Phelps Foundation to benefit the Boys and Girls Clubs . It is n't just online that people can contribute to the #GivingTuesday event -- live events are also planned . A benefit auction for Superstorm Sandy victims is scheduled in San Francisco , and at every Simon shopping mall in the country , shoppers will be able to donate to charities . While some may say the Thanksgiving holiday has become too commercialized thanks to huge retails deals drawing consumers to shopping centers before most people have finished washing dishes , #GivingTuesday is not about competing with other events of the season . According to Timms , it 's about starting the "  giving season " and creating a specific day for people and businesses to give back . After reporting a record high of more than $ 314 billion in donations in 2007 , charities saw a combined 13 % decline in donations for the next two years , $ 299 billion in 2008 and $ 280 billion in 2009 , according to Giving USA . "  Our revised estimates show that 2008 and 2009 saw the largest drops in giving in more than 40 years as a result of the Great Recession , exceeding previous recessions ' impact on giving , " Edith Falk , chair of Giving USA Foundation , said in a statement . In 2011 , the total amount contributed to philanthropy saw an $ 8 billion increase from 2010 . The Giving USA 2012 Report said that with the country coming out of recession , people are feeling better about their financial well-being , which has allowed them to start donating again . "  We believe that #GivingTuesday can not only inspire more donations , in terms of both donation dollars and volunteer hours , but can help change the dialogue about giving , " Calvin said . "  This first year has shown us how much people are willing to contribute , even in tough economic times , to make a difference in the life of one person in their community or to groups of people around the world . " Even in tough economic times , people are still willing to give and spend . Holiday sales for this year are projected to reach $ 586 billion , which is a 4 % increase over last year , according to the National Retail Federation . Timms said he thinks people will manage to satisfy their thirst for a great bargain as well give back to a charity . "  Black Friday and Cyber Monday are really important days for our economy , and we all enjoy the chance to get a deal , " said Timms . "  After two days set aside for getting deals , it feels right to have a day dedicated for giving back . " The event , which organizers hope will become a mainstay during the holiday season , kicks off Tuesday . Like CNN Living on Facebook	#GivingTuesday is a project by the 92nd Street Y to encourage charitable giving Using social media and live events , #GivingTuesday pushes matching donations More than 2,000 organizations will participate in events online and nationwide #GivingTuesday is planned a counterpart to Black Friday and Cyber Monday
CNN  -- In a historic decision this week , the American Studies Association voted to boycott Israeli academic institutions , endorsing Palestinian civil society 's call for boycotts , divestments and sanctions against Israel until it complies with international law and ends abuses against Palestinian human rights . The decision by the American Studies Association , a group of academics involved in the study of U.S. culture and history , to boycott collaborations with institutions is important . The ASA is one of the first major U.S. academic groups to take this step , and it sends a strong message to Israeli intellectuals and elites that their nation 's policies will lead only to international isolation . The boycott , divestment and sanctions movement  BDS  was started by Palestinian political parties , trade unions and political movements in 2005 . Signatories include refugees , Palestinians in the occupied Palestinian territories and Palestinian citizens of Israel . The legitimacy of the movement 's tactics comes into sharp focus in the light of Nelson Mandela 's death and the struggle in South Africa against apartheid . Today , Israel practices apartheid . It 's a system of unjust laws enforced by the gun to restrict the human rights of one group -- Palestinians -- with the aim of keeping political power in the hands of another demographic group -- Israeli Jews . These violations of Palestinians ' rights include the denial of repatriation to refugees , restrictions on residency , the demolition of homes , destruction and seizure of land and property , restrictions on movement and discrimination in allocation of resources . Many supporters of Israel are rehashing the same arguments against BDS that apologists of the South African regime made decades ago . Perhaps the most common criticism is that Israel is not the worst regime in the world -- boycotts based on human rights concerns should focus on the worst violators first and not unfairly single out Israel . The same reasoning was made against the movement to divest from South Africa . Two Stanford professors argued in an op-ed in 1979 : "  White South Africans have often been harsh in their dealings with black people but there is nothing like the mass terror characteristic of communist countries and of many African dictatorships . ... In South Africa , there has been nothing comparable to the mass expulsions of ethnic minorities that have stained the post-World War II history of countries as varied as Burma , Uganda , India , Algeria , Palestine , Poland , Czechoslovakia , Burundi and Angola . " South Africa may not have engaged in the bloodletting that happened in 1970s Burundi , but does that mean other nations should not have risen up and acted against apartheid ? The authors of the op-ed say that blacks never had it as good as they do under apartheid . Blacks in South Africa , they wrote , are "  among the best paid , best educated , most urbanized blacks in Africa . " This classic colonialist trope is often unsurprisingly echoed by Israel 's supporters , who argue that Palestinians under Israeli rule are similarly privileged compared with their Arab kin . The effort to distract from Israeli human rights abuses by pointing to human rights abuses elsewhere is simply aimed at silencing criticism of Israel . The movement chooses boycotts , divestments and sanctions as a strategy in part because other strategies have proved fruitless . Armed struggle has not worked . As in the case of South Africa , a native , stateless population was pitted against a highly industrialized and militarized state that had the backing of Western powers , and it led to bloody repression of Palestinians . And negotiations have acted just as a cover for continued Israeli colonization . The Israelis use their position as the stronger party , backed by the United States , to impose their will on the Palestinians . If the Palestinians reject these unfair proposals , they are promptly blamed for the absence of peace despite being the occupied party . There is a second argument we 've heard in recent days against BDS and the vote of the American Studies Association . Palestine Liberation Organization Chairman Mahmoud Abbas -- when he was in South Africa for Mandela 's memorial -- said he supports the boycott of Israeli settlement products but not the boycott of the state of Israel itself . Some reflexive Israel supporters jumped on this comment to argue that those who endorse the BDS movement are being "  more Palestinian " than the chairman of the PLO . It 's not very useful to boycott settlements in the occupied territories without boycotting the state that supports them . Israel 's colonial enterprise is not directed from the hilltops of the West Bank but from the corridors of power inside Israel 's government . The state provides funding , defense and infrastructure to ensure Israel settlements grow and thrive . And , while settlements might be the biggest single challenge to Palestinian territorial contiguity , they are but one facet of a system of oppression that features a range of abuses from discrimination and displacement to denial of refugee rights . But it makes some sense that the chairman of the PLO would make such a remark . Abbas , who leads the West Bank Palestinian Authority , is engaged in U.S.-led negotiations with Israel . He relies heavily on Western donor dollars to pay his employees and security services . That funding , in the past , has routinely been used as a coercive force any time Abbas even moderately disagreed with U.S. and Israeli whims . This has compromised the independence of the Palestinian Authority 's decision making for years . If Abbas came out in full support of BDS , he 'd immediately be accused of "  incitement " by his Israeli counterpart . He might even get a phone call from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reminding him who pays his bills . When understood in context , Abbas ' comment is not a reflection of the broader Palestinian opinion on BDS but rather a product of the bankrupt U.S.-led negotiations system that makes boycotts , divestment and sanctions so necessary . BDS is growing , but at only 8 years old , it 's still a nascent movement . Victories are piling up , however , and this path continues to be the most likely method of putting pressure on Israel to end its version of apartheid . Years from now , we will look back at moments , such as the American Studies Association 's decision , just as we can look back today on the 1979 argument against fighting South African apartheid . And we 'll remember who chose to be on the right side of history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yousef Munayyer .	American Studies Association voted to boycott Israeli academic institutions Yousef Munayyer : Good news for boycott , divestment and sanctions movement Munayyer : Like South Africa did , Israel practices apartheid ; Palestinians are denied rights He says arguments against boycotting S. African regime are used against boycotting Israel
CNN  -- He has been at his side for all three of Rory McIlroy 's major wins , but Sunday 's British Open triumph may well have been the sweetest yet for the Northern Irishman 's father Gerry . McIlroy 's three-stroke victory at Hoylake ensured a wager placed by his dad a decade ago finally came to fruition . While working as a bar steward in Belfast in 2004 , McIlroy senior placed a # 200  $ 340  bet , at odds of 500/1 , with British bookmakers Ladbrokes that his 15-year-old son would win the British Open before he turned 26 . And on Sunday , in the final edition of the tournament before the bet expired , a 25-year-old Rory rewarded his father 's confidence by making him # 100,000  $ 170,000  richer . The new world No. 2 also cost Ladbrokes a further # 80,000  $ 136,000  in similar bets placed by Gerry 's friends . According to British newspaper The Guardian , they placed # 200 , at odds of 250/1 , that Rory would win the British Open within 10 years . Another # 100  $ 170  was laid on at 150/1 that he would lift the Claret Jug before turning 50 . Rory also secured some cash off the back of a bet placed over the weekend , earning # 20  $ 34  off Darren Clarke after beating his compatriot during a practice round on Wednesday . He secured his third major -- following the U.S. Open in 2011 and U.S. PGA Championship in 2012 -- with a two-shot victory ahead of Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler . The Northern Irishman is the third player , after Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods , to win three majors by the age of 25 , while he is just a Masters victory away from completing a career grand slam of golf 's top honors . Gerry , a regular at his son 's tournaments , is a director of Rory McIlroy Inc -- a company created to run Rory 's affairs following his split from the Horizon group . He embraced his son on the 18th green after he landed the 2011 U.S. Open on Father 's Day , the first major triumph of his career .	Gerry McIlroy lands # 100,000 from a bet after Rory McIlroy wins British Open Gerry placed # 200 10 years ago on Rory to win the Claret Jug before he turned 26 The world No. 2 won his third major at Hoylake on Sunday at the age of 25
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal authorities have received a "  plausible but unsubstantiated " report that al Qaeda may have discussed targeting transit systems in or around New York , the Department of Homeland Security said . Al Qaeda suicide bombers could target New York City subways , federal security officials say . "  These discussions reportedly involved the use of suicide bombers or explosives " on subway or passenger rail trains , according to a joint Homeland Security and FBI statement issued Tuesday . "  We have no specific details to confirm that this plot has developed beyond aspirational planning , but we are issuing this warning out of concern that such an attack could possibly be conducted during the forthcoming holiday season , " the statement said . The uncorroborated information indicates that al Qaeda may have discussed in late September targeting New York transit systems , Homeland Security spokeswoman Laura Keener said . She said the memo was issued as a precaution so local officials could make decisions appropriate for their areas . Although no adjustment is being made to the national threat level , she said , transit passengers in large metropolitan areas such as New York may see increased security in the days to come . That presence might include uniformed or plainclothes security officers , federal air marshals , canine teams and security inspectors , Keener said . New York police also are deploying additional resources on the city 's mass transit systems as a precaution , said a statement by Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . "  It is not uncommon for the department to receive threat information and to adjust our resources accordingly , " Browne said . The FBI received the information through a channel that has provided reliable information in the past , so the agency is taking the threat seriously , counterterrorism sources said . The FBI and Department of Homeland Security said they had no further information on the threat . "  We are working closely with the U.S. intelligence community , state and local law enforcement and homeland security officials to vet and corroborate this reporting , and will continue to investigate every possible lead . We 'll provide updates as we obtain further information , " the statement said . The public should remain vigilant and report suspicious activity to authorities , it said . Al Qaeda has the means to launch such an attack , said CNN senior international correspondent Nic Robertson , who has covered al Qaeda extensively since before the September 11 attacks . "  The al Qaeda-affiliated groups are still willing to make these attacks , " Robertson said . "  What we 've seen in the past is , they 've become capable of making these homemade bomb devices with detonators and exploding them by cell phones or by suicide bombings . " However , he said , it also would be possible for al Qaeda to plant false information . "  They would love to sort of create fear when they 're not actually capable of creating a strike . ... I 've seen it myself , in Afghanistan . You get the Taliban out there on the ground , and they 're very capable of knowing that the troops are listening to them , and feeding and sowing false information trails saying , ` We 're over on this part of the hill ' when they 're nowhere near it . They 're very capable and knowledgeable about feeding false information . "	Suicide bombers may be used against New York transit , government says Joint FBI , Department of Homeland Security statement says plot unconfirmed Attack could be planned for holiday season , statement says
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Jay Kernis reports on what it was like inside the Kodak Theatre at the Academy Awards . Hugh Jackman , the host of the 81st Academy Awards , speaks to the audience at the Kodak Theatre on Sunday . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When you 're at home , you can sit back and be critical . When you 're inside the theater , the whole show seems to work , especially the big production numbers . Maybe it was a particularly well-produced show this year , but when you 're in the audience , you feel part of it -- even way up in the second mezzanine . I 've been at the Oscars to cover them , but this is the first time I 've ever been inside the ceremonies . I was there with my 17-year-old son , Noah . When you arrive on the red carpet , you enter a security tent and show your ticket and driver 's license . You notice that the tent is bisected by red velvet ropes and , with a friendly and practiced technique , celebrities are moved to the left of the rope and others to the right . This way , celebs leave the tent closer to the cameras and the fantasy that you might have that everybody in a gown or tux are somehow equals on one night sort of disappears . View scenes from the Oscars " If you ever were curious about what happens during the commercial breaks : Stagehands with really powerful flashlights guide the changing of the sets and curtains ; they make sure empty orchestra seats are filled ; host Hugh Jackman introduces his parents ; they show a short film about the power of the movies that got cut from the show in progress ; Jackman hands his wife a plate of cookies , thinking she probably was hungry ; and he later points out that the guy playing the cello on stage in the Academy Award Orchestra was actor Dermot Mulroney . Who knew ? Watch a report on the night 's big winners " The show was best when it demonstrated that Hollywood can still do what it has always done well : getting your attention and holding it -- seeing five Best Actors presenting Oscars on the same stage was pretty amazing . So is Best Actor Sean Penn 's self-awareness . The Oscars can still astonish : They still know how to put on the big musical number , with a hundred dancing performers in top hats , moving with Busby Berkeley precision . They still know how to break your heart : Heath Ledger 's parents and sister received his Academy Award and said that they did so in celebration . But I bet they 'd rather have had him accept it . And for all of the breathtaking special effects that Hollywood can muster , for all the star power in the theater last night , there was something remarkable about seeing Philippe Petit in person -- the wire walker who , in 1974 , hovered between the World Trade Center towers for 45 minutes . There was something joyous about watching him balance an Oscar statue on his chin .	When you 're inside the theater , the whole show seems to work , and you feel part of it Stagehands guide the changing of the sets during the commercial breaks Seeing five Best Actors presenting Oscars on the same stage was pretty amazing The Oscars can still astonish -- they still know how to put on the big musical number
CNN  -- "  I believe that we will win ! " The refrain is consistently chanted by the American Outlaws , the supporters group for the U.S. national soccer team , and it now rings truer than ever . We were n't supposed to win . But we did . The opening match of the World Cup against Ghana was a must-win for the U.S. team -- anything short of a victory , and the red , white and blue would have faced a seemingly insurmountable hill to climb . The Americans were given little chance of winning against their nemesis , Ghana . The team from Western Africa had beaten the U.S. twice before in the World Cup -- knocking it out of contention in 2010 as well as four years earlier . This time was supposed to be no different . Tough conditions . Untimely injuries . A late equalizer . Everything pointed toward the Americans wilting in the Brazilian humidity . We were n't supposed to win . But we did . Americans do n't follow the world 's script . Rising to the world 's stage from vastly different backgrounds , these Americans stayed united -- symbolic of our great nation . When adversity struck , they battled . They persevered . They won with typical American character and diversity . Monday 's victory sets the stage for a major match Sunday against Portugal -- which Germany downed 4-0 . The winner will be one step closer to the ultimate Cup . But it really confirmed to the rest of the world that U.S. football  OK , we also call it soccer  will not go gently into that good night . No way . In the end , two American heroes of completely different backgrounds provided the scoring punch that stunned Ghana . Clint Dempsey , born in Nacogdoches , Texas , and John Anthony Brooks , born in Berlin . Dempsey is a player we are proud to have wear the Seattle Sounders FC kit , and Brooks is an up-and-comer in the German Bundesliga -- or football league -- with Hertha BSC . Dempsey , the 31-year-old captain , is playing in his third World Cup , while Brooks , the 21-year-old newcomer , is making his competitive debut as an emergency substitute . Dempsey played the creative genius for a workmanlike U.S. team , and Brooks stood tall as a powerful 6-foot-4 defender . Their goals were reflective of their personality . Dempsey brilliantly allowed the ball to pass through his legs on his way to three wicked touches with his right foot , setting up his left peg for a drive to the far post just 29 seconds into the match . Then , loping forward on a late corner kick , Brooks rose above the Ghanaian defense to drive his header low and hard , just out of the reach of the goalkeeper in the 86th minute . As the final whistle blew , the reactions were priceless . Players born in all corners of the United States celebrated with their teammates from Iceland , Germany and Norway . German-born head coach Jurgen Klinsmann embraced his Austrian assistant coach , Andy Herzog . Some 20,000 fans who traveled to Brazil from the United States sang and danced in excitement . And tens of millions of Americans back home watched the whole scene unfold , evoking national pride for the greatest melting pot on Earth . The victory was perfectly America . Grit . Determination . Mental toughness . It was American diversity coming together for a common goal . It was a team , cobbled together over the past three years , which had a singular focus on beating Ghana . The World Cup has just begun for the Americans . And there is much work left to do . But a soccer nation back home in the United States is energized , emboldened , hopeful . With old-fashioned American character and ingenuity , the U.S. national team is poised to do great things in Brazil . Just one game into the tournament , and the country is captivated . Americans can relate to this group of soccer players , whose diversity and spirit is akin to that of their supporters . "  I believe that we will win ! " And we will do it the American Way . You see , we were n't supposed to win . But we did . And we will . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Adrian Hanauer says the U.S. team was n't supposed to beat Ghana at World Cup but did He says victory filled with grit , determination , mental toughness -- perfectly America The U.S. team next faces Portugal on Sunday
Ottawa , Canada  CNN  -- Guantanamo detainee Omar Khadr has been transferred to his homeland of Canada to serve the remainder of his sentence , Canada 's Public Safety Minister Vic Toews said Saturday . Khadr boarded a military plane at the Guantanamo Naval base in Cuba and arrived at a military airbase in Trenton , Ontario . He will serve the rest of his sentence at Millhaven Prison in Bath , Ontario , about 130 miles east of Toronto . The case and the prisoner 's legal fate have sparked controversy among Canadians . Many think his sentence has been too lenient . Others , noting his capture at age 15 , think he should have been treated as a child soldier and point to alleged mistreatment while in custody . Under a plea deal with military prosecutors in October 2010 , Khadr admitted to throwing a grenade during a 2002 firefight in Afghanistan that killed Sgt. First Class Christopher Speer , a member a U.S. Army Special Forces Unit . Youngest Gitmo detainee pleads guilty He pleaded guilty to murder , attempted murder , providing material support for terrorism , spying and conspiracy . "  This transfer occurs following a process initiated by the United States government and determined in accordance with Canadian law , " Toews said . "  I am satisfied the Correctional Service of Canada can administer Omar Khadr 's sentence in a manner which recognizes the serious nature of the crimes that he has committed and ensure the safety of Canadians is protected during incarceration , " he said , adding that the Canadian government would have no say in parole proceedings . Khadr statement says he was happy U.S. soldier died in attack As part the plea deal , Khadr received an eight-year sentence with no credit for time served . Khadr 's lawyers say Khadr agreed to the plea deal under the condition that he would serve most of the sentence in Canada . Khadr 's lawyers say the transfer was delayed for months as the Canadian government seemed to drag its feet . Earlier this year , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told CNN that Khadr 's repatriation would mark a significant step forward in eventually closing Guantanamo . Two senior Obama administration officials said it took about a year to work out arrangements with Canadians for the transfer . Negotiations were a very long and complicated process , and there were extensive conversations with Canadians , one of the officials said . There were a lot of legal hurdles on the U.S. side and clearly hesitation on the part of Canadian government to do this because the public is polarized about Khadr , the official said . Khadr was the only remaining Western detainee at Guantanamo . His repatriation in Canada is highly controversial , due in large part to the views held by his family members . His father , Ahmed Khadr was a close associate of Osama Bin Laden and openly said he believed it was his Islamic duty to train his children in jihad . Human rights groups around the world have denounced Khadr 's capture at the age of 15 and his 10-year detention at Guantanamo . "  Given the Obama administration 's glacial pace towards closing the U.S.-controlled detention center , little and late though it is , today 's news represents progress , " Amnesty International USA 's Executive Director Suzanne Nossel said in a statement . Canada should conduct a full investigation into Khadr 's allegations of torture and "  remedy for the human rights violations he suffered , " she said . The Pentagon said that currently 166 detainees remain in detention at Guantanamo Bay . Guantanamo still a blight on U.S. record ? CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report	Guantanamo detainee Omar Khadr is transported back to Canada He pleaded guilty to murder and other charges under a plea deal in 2010 He admitted throwing a grenade that killed a U.S. soldier in 2002
CNN  -- A 23-year-old man accused of killing four people during a New York stabbing and carjacking spree was indicted Friday , prosecutors said . Maksim Gelman has been charged with murder in the second degree , attempted murder in the second degree , robbery and assault , according to a Kings County District Attorney statement . Authorities alleged that Gelman fatally stabbed three people , hit and killed a man with a car , slashed at least five other people and carjacked two vehicles before he was wrestled to the ground early Saturday after trying to break into the cab of a subway train . If convicted , he could face life behind bars . Gelman , who is unemployed and known to authorities mostly as a graffiti artist , was arrested about 9 a.m. Saturday , about 28 hours after he is alleged to have begun the spree spanning three New York boroughs , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said Saturday . "  It 's so horrendous and bizarre , " Kelly told reporters Saturday . "  We have no reason that we can give you as to why he did this . " Police believe Gelman got into a dispute with his mother at her Brooklyn home about 5 a.m. Friday after she refused to let him take her 2004 Lexus . The suspect 's stepfather , Aleksandr Kuznetsov , intervened and was stabbed 11 times , they said . Kuznetsov , 54 , died , while Gelman 's mother -- who survived unscathed -- alerted authorities . Investigators believe Gelman then took the Lexus , drove about a mile away to the home of his ex-girlfriend and stabbed her mother , 56-year-old Anna Bulchenko , 11 times , at about 10:30 a.m. Gelman 's former girlfriend found her mother dead on the floor when she returned home at about 4:15 p.m. , police said . She called police . But in the short period before they arrived , authorities believe Gelman -- who presumably was still in the apartment -- allegedly attacked the former girlfriend , Yelena Bulchenko , 20 , with a knife . He chased her into the street and killed her , also slashing the jacket sleeve of a passerby trying to stop him , authorities said . He then left the scene in the Lexus and rear-ended another car , a Pontiac Bonneville , allegedly stabbing its 60-year-old driver three times in the shoulder and neck in a confrontation and then leaving the scene in that car , police said . Authorities said they later found four kitchen knives in the Lexus . About 4:25 p.m. , the Pontiac allegedly struck a pedestrian about two miles away , Kelly said . Steve Tannenbaum , 60 , died of his injuries . Police believe the suspect eventually abandoned the Pontiac , which was later found near a Brooklyn railroad line he was known to frequent as a graffiti artist . Shortly before 1 a.m. Saturday , Gelman allegedly got into a cab in Brooklyn and stabbed the driver . As of Saturday , that driver was in stable condition . Kelly said Gelman then got out of the car and confronted a couple , allegedly stabbing a man in the hands and taking his car keys . That man was treated and released at a hospital , Kelly said . The car , a Nissan , was later found in Queens . Shelton Pottinger told reporters he was that victim . "  He looked crazy , " he said of the man who stabbed him . "  He looked like a crazy guy . " He said the man pulled a knife and a gun and told him to get out of the car or he would kill him . "  I was shocked , " he said . "  I did n't know what to do . " But he said he decided to fight , and moved over into the passenger seat . "  I was trying to kick him to get him out . " But he said the man forced his way in and hit the gas . Pottinger said he was holding on to the man 's hands as he tried to stab him . Police received a tip Saturday morning that the suspect might have been riding a southbound subway train in Manhattan . A woman approached police at a subway stop and said Gelman knocked a newspaper featuring his picture from her hands and said to her , "  Do you believe what they 're writing about me ? " before crossing the tracks and jumping onto a train . The man stabbed a seated passenger -- 40-year-old Joseph Lozito , who said he did n't know the suspect or about the alleged stabbing spree until he landed in the hospital -- during his time onboard . Gelman allegedly told Lozito , "  You 're going to die " before attacking him with the knife from above . "  Eventually , the man worked his way to the front cab of the train . The commissioner said the suspect pounded on the cab 's door , yelling "  Police , " apparently trying to get in by claiming he was a police officer . He did not appear to know two transit police officers , later identified as Terrance Howell and Tamara Taylor , were inside the cab with the train 's operator . Soon after , the officers , with aid from off-duty New York police Detective Marcelo Razzo and an unnamed civilian nearby , wrestled Gelman to the ground , police said . No one was hurt in that scuffle , during which a knife fell to the ground . Police also found Gelman had another , smaller , knife when they detained him . He also had what Kelly described as a "  significant amount of money . " Kelly said the suspect was mostly "  incoherent " after being arrested , making a statement that "  she had to die . " The commissioner said he did not know who "  she " referred to . Kelly said Gelman had 10 previous arrests , mostly for drug charges and graffiti , plus one robbery charge . His most recent arrest was January 26 , when he was accused of possessing crack cocaine . For roughly the past seven years , Gelman has been a naturalized U.S. citizen . He arrived in this country with his father and mother in 1992 from his native Ukraine .	Maksim Gelman was indicted on murder , robbery and assault charges Gelman is accused of killing four people If convicted , he could face life behind bars
CNN  -- A man who grew angry during a homeowners meeting at a German bar shot and killed two men and wounded five others Tuesday before turning the gun on himself , police said . The meeting was at a bar in Dossenheim , a small town just north of Heidelberg in southern Germany . At some point the participants began to argue and one of them left the room , police said . That man came back and opened fire on the others with a pistol , killing two of them and seriously wounding five . The suspect then shot and killed himself , police said . The wounded were taken to local hospitals and the others were given counseling .	The victims were holding a homeowners meeting held at a bar It happened in Dossenheim , north of Heidelberg in southern Germany The gunman grew angry and opened fire with a pistol He then shot and killed himself , according to police
Washington  CNN  -- The morning Thomas Jefferson was sworn in as the nation 's third president , he declined the seven horses and two carriages that were ready to ferry him from his boarding house to the Senate chamber where he would take the oath of office . Instead , Jefferson walked , followed by congressmen and onlookers , according to the U.S. Capitol Historical Society . Security at President Barack Obama 's second inaugural on Monday , however , will be significantly tighter . Police will shut down dozens of downtown Washington streets and close major arteries into the city . Parking will be even tighter than usual . Bags will be inspected and tickets will be required to get close to the ceremonies . The inauguration weekend National Special Security Event will have the Secret Service leading a web of agencies pulling together security and transportation to handle the throng expected to see Obama take the oath of office on Monday at noon . "  We have 42 partners here -- every law enforcement entity , every transportation entity , everyone that 's got camera -- we are utilizing , " Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan said . Authorities estimated that more than 1.8 million people attended Obama 's first inauguration in 2009 . But the crowd around the event is expected to be smaller this time . The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is preparing for up to 800,000 people around the inaugural and the preceding weekend . Champagne glasses and buttons galore : Obama swag at Inaugural store The Secret Service , Washington 's Metropolitan Police Department , Capitol Police and Park Police are shutting down major and minor roads alike around Capitol Hill , where the ceremony will take place . They are securing the National Mall , for more -- standing room only -- viewing of the ceremony , and they are policing the parade route , where onlookers will gather to watch floats , bands , and the president travel the approximately two-mile route up Pennsylvania Avenue . Memorial Bridge , which connects the Virginia side of the Potomac to Washington near the Lincoln Memorial , will be open to foot traffic only . Tickets are required to see the ceremonies up close on the Capitol grounds , while the National Mall is open for the general public . It will be standing room only on the Capitol grounds -- the Secret Service says no lawn chairs , nor umbrellas or signs will be allowed -- and the lengthy list of banned items includes aerosol spray , air horns , coolers , glass , hand tools , laser pointers , pepper spray , strollers , and thermoses . Banned from most secure areas are items like backpacks , pets and weapons . "  We hope and plan for and anticipate a safe and secure inauguration , one that will be memorable and historic , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said . A-listers sign up for inaugural celebrations Those lucky enough to get a viewing spot along the parade route can expect the gates to open at 6:30 a.m. -- more than five hours before Obama takes the oath . Lines for these venues can be expected to form even earlier . The National Weather Service predicts the Monday morning low to be 26 degrees and the day 's high to reach 37 . There is a 30 % chance of snow showers . Officials will allow spectators to hold signs -- with certain restrictions , including size -- along the parade route . With a number of roads closed , access to and from the downtown area will be largely by public transportation . Authorities are preparing screening checkpoints at the ceremony and along the parade route and deploying a variety of special units to handle any situation that could arise . "  We will have our SWAT team , pretty much all of our specialty teams will be available and on standby to include  weapons specialists  , our dive team , our intelligence team -- working around the clock -- our hostage negotiators ,  and  our special agent bomb technicians will also be available , so pretty much all of our specialty teams will be available , " acting assistant FBI Director Debra Evans Smith told reporters . "  There 's always chatter on any given day and we are always looking at that and vetting it but currently there are no credible threats to the events , " Smith added . Washington preps for inauguration Besides the ground security , traffic will be restricted in the air and water . The Coast Guard is closing down parts of the Potomac River to commercial and recreational traffic , and the Federal Aviation Administration is placing additional restrictions on flights in the area . About 13,500 members of the military will be in the city for the inauguration , too . They include ushers for the ceremony , those marching in the parade , and troops who will assist law enforcement . The first road closures will begin around 7 a.m. on Sunday , according to the Secret Service , and all roads will be open again by Tuesday at 7 a.m. That 's just in time for a different set of circumstances to bring the capital to a standstill : political gridlock .	Dozens of streets in Washington will be closed for inaugural ceremonies Tickets are required to see the ceremonies up close , while the National Mall is open for the general public The Secret Service is leading more than 40 agencies to handle security and transportation Inaugural day weather is expected to be cool with a low of 26 degrees and the day 's high to reach 37
CNN  -- You 've heard J.J. Cale 's songs . "  After Midnight " was done most famously by Eric Clapton . "  Cocaine , " too . Lynyrd Skynyrd had a hit with "  Call Me the Breeze , " Poco did "  Cajun Moon , " Santana performed "  The Sensitive Kind , " and Billy Ray Cyrus has done "  Crazy Mama . " And you 've heard J.J. Cale 's sound . It 's a distinctive groove , a smooth-shuffling gait that calls to mind a bluesier Johnny Cash . Clapton emulates it on many of his late - '70s records , such as "  Lay Down Sally " and "  Promises , " and it runs like a golden seam through several Dire Straits records -- no surprise , since Mark Knopfler 's a fan . But you may not have heard J.J. Cale himself . Oh , he won a Grammy  with Clapton  for his 2006 album , "  The Road to Escondido . " And his new album , "  Roll On "  Rounder  , has earned plenty of praise -- " ` Roll On ' finds Cale back in vintage form , " said the Boston Globe -- and even a little airplay on satellite and Internet radio . Click on the photo to hear Cale at work But Cale , 70 , has never had a hit , and he 's primarily known as a musician 's musician . On a recent 2 1/2 - week tour , which wraps up April 15 , he mainly played 700-seat clubs and theaters , and when it 's done , he 'll go back home to his house "  on a couple acres in the boonies " north of San Diego , California , he says . He likes it that way . A new album "  is all mainly dictated by whoever 's doing my business end of it . I consider myself semi-retired . Every time I make an album , I go , ` That 's the last one , ' " the native Oklahoman said in a voice as rich and peppery as barbecue sauce . "  That 's somebody else 's idea to make a record and go out and play . I generally do n't go out and tour much anymore -- never did , much . I do n't really hustle that . ... On a good day , I 'm feeling good , I say I 'll make another record and go on tour , and on a bad day , I 'll say , ` What have I committed myself to ? ' " The house , he said , "  is quiet . And I 'm a musician . That 's what I like about it . " It 's a good place for the one-time audio engineer to tinker and compose , though he says he 's not conscious of creating the J.J. Cale sound . "  It 's all accident , " he said . "  I never know what I 'm doing . Writing songs , you start with a clean piece of paper , so you just start screwing with it . Most of the stuff you write , and sometimes even when you 're finished , you go , ` That ai n't worth a damn , ' but you do n't throw it away . " On "  Roll On , " the groove works in mysterious ways . "  Who Knew , " the opening track , gains an ominous intensity : "  Who knew / Not me , not you or anyone else / Come to think of it , it 's true / We 're misinformed and always warned to look out / Who knew , " he sings , a lonely sax moaning behind his voice .  Listen to "  Who Knew " in the MP3 box under Cale 's photo . But the groove gives a touch of wistfulness to "  Down to Memphis " and even a little dance-funk to "  Fonda-Lina . " Cale comes by the variety honestly : He remembers his formative years as soaking in a brew of country , jazz and early rock 'n' roll . "  I 'm so old , I can remember before rock 'n' roll come along , " he recalled . "  When I was a young fellow , I played guitar for other people , so I 'd have to learn -LSB- cover tunes -RSB- . ... So the guitar players on all those early recordings , I guess , influenced what I did . I never could get it exactly right the way they played it , and I guess that helped the style that evolved . " In 1964 , Cale and his friend Leon Russell -- along with bassist Carl Radle , later of Derek and the Dominos -- decided to try their luck in Los Angeles . Russell quickly became an in-demand session man , but Cale did n't meet with the same success and soon returned to Oklahoma . But he kept writing and recording , and after Russell signed him to his label , Shelter , "  After Midnight " found its way to Clapton . The song hit the Top 20 in 1970 , and Cale was suddenly in demand . He 's put out albums every two or three years since then , but he 's just as happy to have others cover his material , particularly Clapton . " -LSB- His -RSB- recording all those songs has really helped me pay my rent , 'cause he sells a lot of records , " he chuckled . After more than 50 years making music , he still seems a little surprised by success , even at his under-the-radar level . "  I was mainly entertaining myself and still am , " he said . "  Making music is fun if you forget about you 're doing it as a commercial thing . And I never did think that . A couple things became commercial , and that came as a surprise . " Which has allowed him to keep playing and keep tinkering . And to keep being J.J. Cale , creating that groove . "  When I approach -LSB- a new recording -RSB- , I always think I 'm going to sound different than J.J. Cale , to surprise people , " he said . "  And when I get through , it just sounds like me , and there 's nothing I can do about it . "	J.J. Cale is legend among musicians ; wrote "  After Midnight , " "  Cocaine " Guitarist has a distinctive , much-emulated bluesy groove Cale 's new album is "  Roll On , " another distinctive collection
CNN  -- Saturday 's World Cup downhill race in Bormio ended in a thrilling dead heat as Aksel Lund Svindal extended his overall lead despite narrowly missing out on a three-way share of victory . The Norwegian had to settle for third place after finishing just 0.01 seconds behind Austria 's Hannes Reichelt and Italy 's Dominik Paris -- who delighted the home crowd by claiming his first World Cup win . "  It 's amazing , it was my dream to win a downhill in the World Cup -- and now I finally won it , " said the 23-year-old , who finished third at his national championships in March . "  Tying with Reichelt does n't make any difference -- I am only happy to be on top . I was very nervous in the leader box because I knew the others behind will ski well , but it turned out good . "  It is totally amazing to win here in Bormio , I ca n't say anything just that it was a dream come true . " Reichelt also set a time of one minute 58.62 seconds as he claimed the fifth World Cup win of his career and his second podium this season after placing third in the Super G at Beaver Creek in the U.S. at the start of December . "  I feel like I am back in downhill because my last races were really bad , but I felt confident today , " the 32-year-old said . "  I think equipment today was very important because if the skies are stable on this bumpy slope it helps you to ski fast . During the Christmas break we did a good job , I did a lot of testing and now I can say I am on the right wave back . The year is ending really , really nice . " Svindal earned his first podium finish at Bormio , which is considered one of the most testing courses on the World Cup circuit . He finished 0.01 seconds ahead of fourth-placed Austrian Klaus Kroll , who was the World Cup downhill champion last season . "  It 's crazy , four guys within two-hundredths on one of the toughest downhills in the world , " said Svindal , who leads the downhill standings by 92 points from Paris and has a 114-point advantage in the overall competition . He now has a record-equaling six podium positions before New Year , matching the mark set by Austria 's Michael Walchhofer in 2004-05 . "  I ca n't remember a race exactly this close . But as a ski racer you almost get used to it , it 's actually kind of crazy like that , " Svindal said . "  For sure there is that one mistake at the bottom that I wish I had back , but that 's ski racing . As long as you are fighting for the win like I am today , sometimes you get it and sometimes you do n't . But racing is a lot of fun when you are in that position . " Meanwhile , Veronika Zuzulova had a comparatively more comfortable victory in the women 's slalom in Semmering , Austria , as she won her first World Cup race . The Slovakian was 0.10 seconds ahead of home hope Kathrin Zettel over the two runs , while Tina Maze extended her overall World Cup lead with her 11th podium in 16 starts . The Slovenian , who was fastest in the first run , now has a 427-point advantage over Germany 's Maria Hofl-Riesch , who placed fourth .	Hannes Reichelt and Dominik Paris share first place in men 's World Cup downhill race Aksel Lund Svindal extends his overall lead after finishing only 0.01 seconds back in third Svindal was just 0.01 seconds ahead of fourth-placed Klaus Kroll , last season 's downhill champion Italian skier Paris wins the first World Cup event of his career to delight the home crowd
CNN  -- A body pulled from a Wisconsin river has been identified as the son of Green Bay Packers offensive coordinator Joe Philbin , police said Tuesday . Michael Philbin , 21 , went missing early Sunday while in Oshkosh , Wisconsin , to visit friends , police said . No cause of death was immediately determined , and an autopsy was set for Tuesday , Oshkosh Police Chief Scott Greuel said at a news conference . "  We love Michael so much and will miss him dearly , " Joe Philbin said in a statement released Tuesday afternoon . "  He loved his family , friends and life . His memory will live on in the hearts and minds of all who knew him . " Philbin thanked the agencies that assisted in the search for his son , and expressed gratitude for "  the prayers and the support of our family , friends and the Packers family . " On behalf of the team , Packers General Manager Ted Thompson said everyone 's thoughts and prayers were with the family . "  This is an emotional and difficult time for them , and we ask that everyone respect their privacy , " he said . "  All of us in the Packers family share in their grief . " The body was found Monday in the Fox River after Oshkosh police put out an alert asking citizens for help in locating Philbin , who lived about 20 miles away in Ripon . His last known communication was at 2 a.m. Sunday , police said . "  He talked to a friend . He did n't sound like he was under duress or he had any medical condition , " police spokesman Joe Nichols told CNN affiliate WTMJ Monday . "  The phone conversation ended , and that was the last time someone had voice contact . " Michael Philbin was the second-eldest of six children of Joe Philbin and his wife , Diane , according to the Packers ' website . His funeral is set for Friday . His father coached for 19 years at college football programs before coming to Green Bay in 2003 as an assistant offensive line coach . He became the team 's offensive coordinator in 2007 and played a significant part in the Packers ' league-best 15-1 regular season record this season . CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We love Michael so much and will miss him dearly , " Joe Philbin says Michael Philbin , 21 , had been missing since early Sunday No cause of death is known ; an autopsy is set for Tuesday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The future of design could see the divide between able-bodied and disabled people vanish . A toilet for all : the "  Universal Toilet " caters for able-bodied and people in wheelchairs . Don Norman , design Professor at Northwestern University in Illinois , and the author of " The Design of Future Things , " is issuing a challenge to designers and engineers across the world : Create things that work for everyone . "  It is about time we designed things that can be used by ALL people -- which is the notion behind accessible design . Designing for people with disabilities almost always leads to products that work better for everyone . " Once the champion of human-centered design -- where wants and needs of individuals are the primary consideration in the design process , Norman now believes accessible activity-centered design is a better approach . This approach creates designs by looking at the job a person needs to achieve in using a particular technology . Norman told CNN that including disabled people in this thought process would create better technologies for all people , regardless of their level of ability . "  Make cans and bottles that a one-handed person can open and guess what , many people will find it makes their lives easier when they only have one free hand . "  Showers and baths can be made better and safer for all . Make things better for the hard of hearing or seeing and guess what , similar benefits for all , " he said . And technology like this is already being developed . Korean designers Changduk Kim and Youngki Hong have come up with the "  Universal Toilet , " an invention that could end the need for separate able-bodied and disabled toilets . Tell us your ideas for machines or objects that could be adapted to suit disabled and able-bodied people . Despite such innovation , Norman said there would still need to be a shift in the mindset of many major companies . "  The most important first step is to increase the awareness of designers and companies of the need to accommodate everyone . The disabled are not just some small , disenfranchised group : they represent all of us . So the first step is education , awareness , and empathy . " A change in the thought process of designers would also require support and active participation of people with the disabilities being designed for , he said . Norman also hoped for some more care to be taken with these designs . "  Finally , why are so many aids so ugly ? Why ca n't we rally the design community to make beautiful , elegant canes , walkers , wheelchairs , and other items ? " Such an approach would aid the work of organizations like the Disabled Living Foundation , and Alison Wright 's British company EasyLivingHome , which specializes in inclusive interior design to meet the functional and aspirational needs of older consumers . Norman felt some of the best designs in existence were simple and very old . He believed computers are actually restrictive when it comes to being creative . "  Pencils and small pieces of paper are two of the best objects designed . When you take our computer tools they do n't allow us such flexibility . The good technologies are bringing that flexibility back . " He said producing good designs was about making the object understandable , and not trying to base the design on a certain way in which people should use the technology . "  What we should do is understand the job the person is trying to do . Do n't try to predict what a human will do . You will get it wrong , " he said . Some of Norman 's favorite technologies of the contemporary era include the Nintendo Wii , navigation systems in cars , and Google Maps with the option of being able to select driving or walking . He is not a big fan of the iPod 's design , and believes it has been successful primarily because of excellent marketing , the iTunes store , and other extras which can be bought to accompany the iPod . Norman was also supportive of users of technology could have input into how it functioned . He said ` mass customization ' where designers offer the purchaser the opportunity to add a personal touch to goods was increasingly common . "  I think it 's quite rewarding letting people design their own things . " So , what does he see occurring in the future ? Norman said he was excited about 3D printing and the possibilities that could one day open up . "  I can imagine in the future if I was after something like a new dish-mat , I will be able to buy it online and by printing it it gets manufactured in my own home . " He envisaged being able to purchase the raw materials for such items and then input them into the machine .	Professor of design Don Norman wants designers to be more inclusive Two Korean designers invented a toilet for able-bodied and disabled people Norman believes activity-centered design is the best approach
CNN  Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry again asserted his innocence in the felony abuse-of-power case against him Wednesday and pledged to fight the charges , despite a Texas judge 's refusal to dismiss the case this week . "  I am confident that I will ultimately prevail because the prosecution 's case amounts to the criminalization of politics , " he said during a Wednesday afternoon press conference . Perry 's attorneys had sought to have the two criminal charges -- coercion of a public official and abuse of official capacity -- against him thrown out on constitutional grounds , their second failed attempt to have the case dismissed . Tony Buzbee , the governor 's attorney , said in a statement issued Tuesday that Perry "  acted lawfully and properly exercised his power under the law as Governor to protect the public safety and integrity of government . " "  Continued prosecution of Governor Perry is an outrage and sets a dangerous precedent in our Democracy . America 's commitment to the Constitution and the rule of law is at stake in this case , which is why we will immediately appeal this decision to the Third District Court of Appeals , " he said . The former governor has already spent more than $ 1 million from his campaign coffers on his defense , and another appeal is likely to take months and draw more resources as he prepares for a likely presidential bid . Perry was indicted in August related to his 2013 veto threat to veto funding for public corruption prosecutors in the state , a threat which he eventually carried out and one that critics said was intended to pressure a local district attorney to resign . District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat , rebuffed the governor 's calls to resign after she was arrested and pleaded guilty in April of 2013 to drunken driving . The Texas governor is openly preparing for another presidential bid , and though the indictment was then seen as a possible impediment to his candidacy , he continued his travel to early primary states , and in fact drew widespread support from Republicans when the indictment was reported . His potential GOP primary opponents again came to his defense with the judge 's decision to allow the case to move forward this week . Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz , along with Govs. Scott Walker and Chris Christie , all issued statements of support on social media . And Perry reiterated Thursday that the ongoing case will have no impact on his preparations for a second run . "  We 're moving right along as we have intended to " with those plans , he said , and hinted that he may already have his mind made up on whether to go forward with another bid . "  We 'll make a decision -- or , actually , make an announcement , is a better descriptive term -- in the May-June timetable just like we had intended to before this , " Perry added .	A Texas judge denied the second attempt by Rick Perry 's attorneys to have the felony charges against him thrown out Perry pledged to continue to fight the charges , which he said "  amounts to the criminalization of politics " He said he 's moving forward with a potential presidential bid , despite the charges
CNN  -- The U.N. high commissioner for refugees announced an inter-agency appeal Wednesday for $ 280 million to support Iraqi refugees . The Regional Response Plan for Iraqi Refugees includes the plans of 40 international organizations and non-governmental organizations supporting Iraqi refugees in 12 countries , including Syria , Jordan , Lebanon , Egypt , Turkey , Iran and the six Gulf states , according to a statement from Antonio Guterres ' office . "  I appeal to donor governments to recognize the critical needs of Iraqi refugees , particularly those who are becoming more vulnerable by the day , " the high commissioner said in the statement . The U.N. refugee agency said more than 190,000 Iraqi refugees are registered in the region , with the majority living in Syria and Jordan . Many have struggled to find employment , and some Iraqi refugee children have dropped out of school to find casual work to help feed their families , the agency said . The high commissioner 's office also noted thousands of refugees suffer from critical health conditions . "  The burden on host communities and host governments in the region is enormous , " Guterres said . "  It is essential that the international community support humanitarian efforts to help the most vulnerable refugees . "	UN agency : More than 190,000 Iraqi refugees are in Syria , Jordan and nearby countries Commissioner : The burden on host communities and host governments "  is enormous " The agency says children have dropped out of school to work and support their families
Four people believed to be connected to the drugs found in Philip Seymour Hoffman 's apartment were arrested late Tuesday night , law enforcement officials told CNN . During the raid that led to the arrest of the three men and one woman , police recovered 350 small plastic bags of what is believed to be heroin , the officials said . The bags of alleged heroin were branded "  black list " and "  red bull " -- not the same brands found in Hoffman 's apartment , the sources said . Apartments at 302 Mott Street in Manhattan , where the four were arrested , are part of the investigation into Hoffman 's death , according to a police source . The source identified the suspects being investigated in connection with drugs sold to Hoffman as Juliana Luchkiw , 22 ; Max Rosenblum , 22 ; Robert Vineberg , 57 ; and Thomas Cushman , 48 . Luchkiw and Rosenblum were charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance in the seventh degree , misdemeanors , while Vineberg was charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance in the third degree , a felony . Through their attorneys , all three entered pleas of not guilty Wednesday . The Manhattan District Attorney 's Office declined to prosecute Cushman because there was no evidence he had any control over the drugs . Vineberg was found to have the actor 's phone number stored in his cell phone , a law enforcement official told CNN . Police discovered the largest amount of what is believed to be heroin in his apartment , the source said . Vineberg was described by a former neighbor as a talented musician who used the stage name Robert Aaron and once toured with Wyclef Jean . Vineberg had a wife and daughter , said the neighbor , who lived in the building a number of years ago . "  He used to practice at night , " said the former neighbor , recounting that Vineberg played keyboards . "  Honestly , he seemed like a nice guy , always playing music . Nothing sinister . " Vineberg 's attorney , Edward Kratt , said that he hopes prosecutors will not use his client as a scapegoat . "  These charges have absolutely nothing to do with Philip Seymour Hoffman 's unfortunate death , " Kratt said . Luchkiw 's attorney , Stephan Turano , similarly said she had no connection to Hoffman , other than seeing his movies , and that Luchkiw was simply in the "  wrong place at  the  wrong time . " A spokeswoman for the New York medical examiner 's office said Wednesday that a determination of the cause and manner of Hoffman 's death is pending further study , including toxicology reports . When police were called to Hoffman 's fourth-floor Manhattan apartment Sunday , they found the actor lying on the bathroom floor with a syringe in his left arm . He was wearing shorts and a T-shirt , his eyeglasses still resting on his head , according to law enforcement sources familiar with the inquiry . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , the law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . Also found in Hoffman 's apartment was his personal journal , resting on a living room TV stand , two law enforcement sources said . Hoffman 's final hours No fentanyl found Preliminary tests Tuesday showed the heroin recovered from Hoffman 's apartment did not contain fentanyl , a law enforcement official told CNN . More testing will be done . Fentanyl is a powerful narcotic used to treat cancer patients ' pain . Last week , Maryland officials said heroin tainted with fentanyl had claimed at least 37 lives since September . And last month , at least 22 people in western Pennsylvania died after using heroin mixed with fentanyl . While results of an autopsy will definitively reveal exactly how Hoffman , 46 , died , the role that heroin may or may not have played is a key part of the investigation . Final hours Police are trying to piece together the actor 's movements last weekend as they look for anyone who might be linked to the drugs that apparently killed him . On Tuesday , a law enforcement source told CNN that the night before Hoffman died , he withdrew $ 1,200 from a grocery store ATM near his apartment . Hoffman got the money in six transactions Saturday night , according to the source . A witness told investigators he saw the Oscar-winning actor talking to two men wearing messenger bags about 8 p.m. Police are also reviewing surveillance video , including video of a restaurant where Hoffman had brunch Saturday morning with two people . How heroin kills you ` I 'm a heroin addict ' In a 2011 interview with "  60 Minutes , " Hoffman discussed his past struggles with drug and alcohol addiction . "  Anything I could get my hands on , I liked it all , " he said . Fear , Hoffman said , made him sober up . "  You get panicked . ... I was 22 and I got panicked for my life . It really was , it was just that , " he said . "  And I always think , ` God , I have so much empathy for these young actors that are 19 and all of a sudden are beautiful and famous and rich . ' I 'm like , ` Oh my God . I 'd be dead . ' " But last year , Hoffman said he 'd fallen off the wagon , started taking prescription pills and slipped into snorting heroin , according to TMZ . Magazine writer John Arundel said he met the actor at the Sundance Film Festival in Utah two weeks before his death . "  I said , ` What do you do ? ' And at that point , he took off his hat and he said , ` I 'm a heroin addict , ' " Arundel said . "  Did n't look like he was  joking  . Seemed like he was having one of those ` coming to God ' moments -- where it just struck him as , ` this is the revelatory moment . ' " But actor George Clooney said he had dinner with Hoffman a few months ago , and he seemed fine . "  I have to say he seemed in pretty good shape , " Clooney said . "  I mean , there 's no way to explain it . " Filmmaker Chris Barrett interviewed Hoffman January 17 at the Sundance Film Festival . "  He did n't look well at Sundance . His skin color was very pale , but he was n't disheveled as some media was reporting , " Barrett told CNN . Dimming the lights Family and close friends of the actor will hold a private funeral service in New York . Plans are also under way for a memorial service later this month . No information on the dates was available . On Wednesday night , the famed Broadway theater district will dim its marquees for one minute at 7:45 p.m. in Hoffman 's memory . He appeared on Broadway three times . Hoffman stayed active on stage even as his star rose in Hollywood . He starred in a Broadway production of "  Death of a Salesman " in 2012 and was co-artistic director of the Labyrinth Theater Company in New York . That company hosted a candlelight vigil Wednesday night . "  I just was really profoundly affected by his death and felt like it was important for me to be here , " said Leslie Kritzer , a fellow actor . "  I also just think it 's important to be here to remind people to have compassion and love for people that are struggling with the disease of addiction . " Kritzer said she had long admired Hoffman from afar . "  He could do the movies , and he did them brilliantly -- better than anyone else -- but he always came back to his roots and he was a hero for all of us that could only dream of doing what he accomplished , " she said .	Three enter not guilty pleas ; Office decides not to prosecute fourth A candlelight vigil is held for Hoffman in New York Determination of cause and manner of his death is pending further study Source : Police recover 350 bags of what is believed to be heroin
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic made a winning return from a wrist injury when beating Radek Stepanek at the Rome Masters but the Serb described the conditions as some of the most testing he 's faced . Playing his first match since losing in Monte Carlo to Roger Federer on April 19 , the second seed dropped serve three times but beat the Czech 6-3 7-5 . Despite Stepanek 's resistance , the two-time winner of the event found the gusting wind to be an even bigger obstacle . "  It was one of the most difficult conditions I 've played in my life , " Djokovic told the ATP website . "  When it 's very windy on court , especially on clay , the clay gets in your eyes . It was very difficult to get any kind of rhythm . " "  But the positive is that I managed to stay mentally tough until the end and win . " Watched by new coach Boris Becker , the 26-year-old needed one hour and 37 minutes to win through as he finetunes preparations for the French Open , which starts on May 25 . The world number two missed last week 's Madrid Open because of his the trouble in his right wrist and there had been some expectations that Federer would be a headline absentee in the Italian capital . Surprise Return The Swiss welcomed the second set of twins into his life on Tuesday last week after wife Mirka gave birth to Leo and Lenny , who join elder sisters Myla and Charlene . The 32-year-old only arrived in the Italian capital on Monday after being packed off -- to his own surprise -- by his family . "  It happened all of sudden on Thursday , " Federer , who plays on Wednesday , told reporters . "  I spoke to the team , I spoke to Mirka , asked all of them what they thought I should do and they said too quickly that I should come here and play . "  So ` ok , if you do n't want me around , I 'll go away ! ' " joked the Swiss . "  It 's hard to leave all the family , but I 'll see them soon . " The world number four revealed that he fully expects the twins to soon be joining the rest of the family on the ATP World Tour . "  Clearly , it 's going to be so much work with four kids on the road , but I feel like we 're going to be able to handle it , " he said . "  My wife 's unbelievably supportive , and she 's so good with the kids . I try my best every day as well , when I can , to help . I 'm there every day , always with the kids , and I see them so often . "  It 's something I 'm really going to look forward to , spending this quality time with them , as we travel the world and are in different countries and cities . It 's going to be actually very exciting . " Federer will meet France 's Jeremy Chardy as he returns to the court just eight days after the expansion of his family . He has not played since losing last month 's Monte Carlo final to compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka , who beat qualifier Pere Riba 6-0 6-3 , registering 50 winners in a victory that lasted as many minutes . In the women 's first round , there was local pride as Camilla Giorgi surprised ninth seed Dominika Cibulkova while Sara Errani also made it through , beating Chanelle Scheepers in straight sets .	Novak Djokovic beats Radek Stepanek at Rome Masters after nearly a month out with injury World No. 2 takes 97 minutes to win in straight sets Federer explains decision to leave home for Rome Swiss became father to twin boys last week
CNN  -- "  Portal 2 " is an absolute joy . The much-anticipated sequel expands on and improves the original 's dark humor and mind-bending puzzles while providing a story that twists , turns and answers questions previously unasked . A follow-up to the 2007 surprise smash hit "  Portal , " the game , released Tuesday by Valve , puts you back in the test chambers at Aperture Laboratories many years after the events of the first game end . You play again as Chell , a female test subject who has been in stasis for many centuries and once again finds herself trying to escape from the treacherous lab . This time , you 're aided early on by a robot ball named Wheatley , who wants to get out as well . However , you are eventually reunited with GLaDOS  Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System  , the homicidal computer from "  Portal " that you presumably destroyed but is now seeking revenge -- in the name of science . Game play once again features a series of platform-based puzzles that require the use of the portal gun to traverse . The gun fires two types of portals that allow the player to get to hard-to-reach places . Not every surface can be used as a portal , so proper selection of targets is key to advancing in the game . The Weighted Storage Cube and Companion Cube , a small box with hearts on the side , are back to help with weighted triggers . There are also Redirection Cubes that contain lenses to deflect laser beams , or Thermal Discouragement Beams as they are called in the game 's deliciously ominous double-speak . The puzzles require logical thinking and are smartly done . If you did n't play the first game , "  Portal 2 " does start with some basic puzzles to help you understand how the game 's physics , mechanics and portals work . But the difficulty ramps up quickly after a few test rooms . There are some new elements to help work out the puzzles . "  Aerial Faith Plates " launch you and other objects around the room and often help in adding momentum , which is sometimes critical to get to hard-to-reach places without a portal . Liquid gels become available later in the game ; they provide some useful abilities . A blue gel helps Chell bounce , and an orange gel boosts her speed . A white gel can be used to cover walls or floors that normally ca n't be used as portals , allowing one to be created . There are puzzles that will require one , two or all three gels to complete . All of these additions to the puzzle-solving make for a very intelligent game . It is often best when entering a new room to stop , take a look around and analyze the scene . Be sure to look in all directions , because the way out may force to you to go in a different direction than the obvious one . The story is fantastic , and the writing and dialogue remain one of the cornerstones to this series . GLaDOS 's voice is dripping with sarcasm and malice even as her tone remains soothing and calm . Wheatley is silly , frantic and almost childlike . The humor remains dark and dangerous , as it was in "  Portal . " GLaDOS often lies about pressing concerns or dangers , then admits her lie and seems to revel in the deception . Without giving away any story spoilers , the game is pretty much divided into three parts and introduces the CEO and founder of Aperture Science , Cave Johnson . Johnson was heard in promotional videos for the game and has a sarcastic , shoot-from-the-hip attitude that just adds to the great dialogue found throughout "  Portal 2 . " The single-player version takes about six to eight hours to play depending on how fast you can solve the mind-bending puzzles . But the action does n't stop there . "  Portal 2 " offers a co-op version for two players , each operating a robot with a portal gun . GLaDOS puts Blue and Orange , the two bots , through test rooms much like Chell had to experience . It is truly a cooperative game that ca n't be mastered by just one person . The puzzles are more complex , since they do require cooperation , but the devices and mechanics remain the same as in single-player mode . Orange and Blue can communicate by using indicators to suggest what needs to be moved or where a portal should go . They can also gesture to one another for a wave , a hug or even a high-five after a job well done . A random partner can be found online , but it is infinitely more enjoyable to play with someone in the same room or with a friend . These puzzles can take some time to solve if you 've never seen them before , and a friend might be more willing to cut you some slack as you analyze your options . There is no drop-in or drop-out during co-op play . If one player leaves the game , the session is disconnected , creating another reason to play with someone you know . GLaDOS keeps up the sarcasm but , if possible , shows even less empathy for the robots . Her dialogue , of course , remains funny and brutal . Xbox 360 players can play each other across the Xbox LIVE network . Steam , the online gaming platform , is supported on the PlayStation 3 as well as PC and Mac computers , so players on those platforms also can play co-op with one another . "  Portal 2 " was released Tuesday morning , although a Steam promotion gave gamers the chance to play the game Monday night by purchasing a package of independently produced games . Overall , "  Portal 2 " is a sublime game from start to finish , with humor , wit , intelligence and drama carried over from the debut title . The action remains fresh and original , and the dialogue spurs spontaneous laughter even in the deadliest situations . And in case you were wondering ... there is no cake . "  Portal 2 " is available now for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , PC and Mac . The game is rated E10 + due to fantasy violence and mild language . This review was done playing the single-player version on Xbox 360 and the co-op version on PS3 and PC  through Steam  .	The dark humor and tricky puzzles are back from the original , as is the twisted GLaDOS Writing and dialogue remain a cornerstone of the series Game was released Tuesday for Xbox , PlayStation , PC and Mac The cake ? Still a lie
CNN  -- Six of the suspected gunmen responsible for the killings of 72 migrants in Mexico have been identified , Mexican authorities said Monday , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . However , all of the suspects are dead , said Alejandro Poire , the spokesman for Mexico 's president on security issues . Three were killed in a confrontation with the Mexican navy after the bodies were discovered , and three others were found dead inside a vehicle on the side of a highway , Poire said The dead suspects were identified by the survivors of last month 's massacre at a ranch near the town of San Fernando in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas . Three people are believed to have survived the mass killings , although only one -- an Ecuadorean man -- has spoken publicly . Mexican authorities have withheld details about survivors , citing safety concerns . A seventh suspect was arrested and is being held by authorities while they investigate possible charges against him , Poire said . Of the 72 migrants who were killed , 27 had been identified and their bodies returned to their home countries in Honduras and El Salvador , he said . The official said the preliminary investigation shows that the Zetas drug cartel was responsible for the killings .	Mexico says it has identified six of those responsible for massacre of 72 The six suspected gunmen have all been killed since the massacre , authorities say Authorities believe the Zetas were behind the killings
CNN  -- There is a new man tasked with fulfilling Brazil 's World Cup destiny . But for a nation still smarting from the pain of that humbling 7-1 semifinal defeat to Germany , the announcement that Dunga is back in charge might raise a few eyebrows . The 50-year-old is a legend in the country after making 91 appearances for "  A Selecao " and leading the side to World Cup glory as captain in 1994 . And yet during his previous four-year spell as coach of the national team , he could only take Brazil to the quarterfinals of the 2010 tournament , as they lost to Netherlands . Dunga replaces Luiz Felipe Scolari -- the country 's 2002 World Cup winning coach , who resigned after overseeing a heartbreaking conclusion to the 2014 installment . After that pummeling by eventual winners Germany -- Brazil 's biggest ever World Cup defeat -- they were then beaten 3-0 by Netherlands in the third place playoff . Such a dramatic conclusion left the nation in shock and Scolari , who took responsibility for the horror show against Germany , stepped down last week . Now Dunga is determined to put a smile back on the fans ' faces . "  I am immensely happy -- thank you for your confidence in me , " he said in a press conference , after taking control of the five-time world champions . "  The fans are very down right now but they are right behind the team which means so much to them . "  I am not here to sell a dream , we must get down to work . We must get results and forge a side for 2018 . This team is very young . We must find the way to blend new players with those who have more experience . "  We have to work conscientiously . And not just the players , but the press and the fans too . " Adenor Leonardo Bacchi -- known as Tite -- was thought to be a frontrunner for the job but the manager of Sao Paulo-based side Corinthians has been overlooked . That might be related to the recent appointment of Gilmar Rinaldi as Brazil 's new technical director . He was goalkeeper in that successful 1994 team skippered by Dunga . The president of Brazil 's Football Confederation , Jose Maria Marin , said of Dunga : "  He was world champion , captain of a world champion side . "  He has what it takes to lead the Brazil team . The numbers show he absolutely has the ability to take charge . " Dunga spent 60 matches in charge of Brazil in his first stint as coach between 2006 and 2010 , winning 42 , drawing 12 and losing six . He was criticized for the style of play he employed , and the squad he chose to take to South Africa at the previous World Cup . Brazil was dumped out of the tournament in the last eight after a 2-1 defeat to Netherlands , leading to Dunga 's sacking shortly after . But arguably , the state of the nation 's soccer is in far worse shape this time around after a chastening experience on home soil . Ever since Brazil won the right to host the tournament , its fans wanted the team to erase the memory of the last World Cup they hosted back in 1950 . Then , they were beaten 2-1 by Uruguay in the deciding match , a defeat which provoked a spell of national mourning . Another was induced by that semifinal mauling . Shorn of its two best players -- Barcelona striker Neymar through injury and defender Thiago Silva because of suspension -- a shellshocked Brazil were 5-0 down at halftime . By the end of its 7-1 defeat , the crowd were booing them and applauding Germany . Many of the players left the field in tears at the final whistle . And Dunga said Brazil must adapt to the differences in the world game quickly . "  Football has changed , " he added . "  It changes every moment and every day . "  We like to talk here about talent and playing off the cuff . But we also praise German organization . So we have to harness our talent with planning . " Dunga also made reference to Nelson Mandela , who was a pivotal figure in taking the World Cup to South Africa in 2010 before his death in December last year . "  Nelson Mandela had everything against him , " he said . "  He did not have a weapon and yet brought about change . "  I hope to have  even  one percent of his patience . I am not thinking about me but about the team . If the team is doing well then I 'm happy . " Football : Germany captain quits	Dunga is appointed the new national coach of Brazil Former player lifted the World Cup with Brazil in 1994 Dunga replaces Luiz Felipe Scolari who resigned after World Cup He had a previous spell in charge between 2006 and 2010
CNN  -- Australian pizza is now officially the best in the world . Well , sort of . Judges at last weekend 's Campionato Mondiale Della Pizza  Pizza World Championship  held in Parma , Italy , awarded the world 's top margherita pizza title to Australian chef Johnny Di Francesco , owner of the 400 Gradi restaurant in Brunswick , a Melbourne suburb . Di Francesco , 36 , beat more than 600 competitors from 35 countries to take home the Specialita Traditionale Garantita pizza prize in the annual competition . The win and subsequent publicity has made the small restaurant he owns in his hometown an overnight sensation . "  It 's been an amazing reaction , " Di Francesco tells CNN . "  Honestly , I just went to Naples to do what I love . I did n't think it was going to make such a stir . " "  A lot of people think it is easy to produce a margherita but it is one of the hardest  pizzas  to produce , " Di Francesco told Australian website Good Food . "  With a lot of other pizzas it 's easy to mask the flavor with toppings so you do n't really get the flavor out of the dough . With a margherita there is no hiding anything that is n't right . " Competition rules are strict on what ingredients can top the dough on the margherita : only peeled tomatoes , certain types of mozzarella , garlic , olive oil , salt and fresh basil leaves are used . Pizza the traditional way Di Francesco , who says he 's been making pizza since was 12 years old and studied pizza-making at the highly regarded Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana in Naples , Italy , calls himself a traditionalist when it comes to making pizza . "  It 's an honor to be part of what  Verace Pizza Napoletana  does , striving to preserve a traditional way of making pizza the way they 've done it in Naples for hundreds of years . " Although he 's claimed the world title , Di Francesco has no plans to raise the A$ 20.50  $ 19.30  price on the margherita pizza made daily at 400 Gradi . "  No , not at all , " he says with a laugh . Italian chefs were n't entirely shut out of the winner 's circle at the competition . As reported by Good Food , Italian chef Julius Scialpi took home the "  classic pizza " prize for a pizza made with mozzarella , eggplant , nostrana , breadcrumbs and anchovies with burrata . 400 Gradi , 99 Lygon St. , Brunswick East , Victoria , Australia ; +61  0  3 9380 2320 ; daily , midday-11 p.m.	An Australian chef has taken home top honors at the World Pizza Championship in Italy Winning chef Johnny Di Francesco learned to make pizza in Naples , Italy The winning pizza is made daily at Di Francesco 's 400 Gradi restaurant in a Melbourne suburb
It is Mother 's Day , and let us celebrate single-mother households -- not as half empty , but as half full of strong women . It is a good time to encourage children raised by women to see themselves as resilient , not doomed . And it is time , today and every day , for our culture to stop assigning blame and start offering help . The 19.7 million children in this country with delinquent or absent fathers are not all headed for lives of crime , drugs , poverty and prison . To begin : Single moms have given us Olympian Michael Phelps , comedian Bill Cosby , Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton . I can name many more , from my own life , and I 'll bet you can from yours . My sons ' good friend , Ellis Coleman , for example -- the 20-year-old superstar also headed for the London Olympics for the U.S. , the wrestler recognized worldwide as the originator of the "  flying squirrel " takedown . The proud son of a single mom . Popular culture routinely offers up hackneyed depictions of struggling single moms and screwed-up kids . And there is no end of studies , many aimed at getting delinquent dads to step up , that show kids of single moms facing an uphill battle when it comes to such things as performance in school , college attendance and earning potential . I am the single mother of three sons -- grown to manhood and doing just fine . And I am here to tell you that the reality for kids from single-mom households can be as good as it is for kids in two-parent homes -- better , in some cases . Particularly with input from different arenas , single mothers can envision the futures of their children in a very positive light . In the recent book , "  Sons Without Fathers : What Every Mother Needs to Know , " authors James Dickerson and Mardi Allan assert that positive role models and an environment of support are key to a child 's success . And several recent studies point to a range of factors -- from a mother 's religiosity , external emotional support and a grandparent living in the home -- that can concretely contribute to single mothers ' raising productive , happy children . A study of 1,134 single mothers , published in the April issue of Journal of Marriage and Family , found that those who attend religious services are more likely to experience positive developmental outcomes for their children . In a separate report in February , published in Child Trends , data show that regardless of economic status , ethnicity or education , the single mothers who were regularly offered emotional support had "  children and adolescents who were also more likely to display social competence and school engagement , " compared with single mothers without social support . A 2002 study published in Demography showed that teenagers living with their single mothers in multigenerational homes "  have outcomes that are at least as good and often better than the outcomes of teenagers in married families . " I have been divorced since 1996 , when my sons were 7 , 5 and 2 . I have found that my faith practices , help from my siblings , and reliable and persistent help from my mother kept my sons on the straight and narrow . Of course there are single mothers who fail their children . Of course there are good fathers who make sure their children have a chance to succeed . And children with two loving parents in the home can still encounter big troubles . Beyond that , there are realities that are hard to dispute . A new study , "  Father Hunger : An Economic View of Delinquent Fathers , " describes the apocalypse caused by single parenting framed in economic terms . This white paper , by Idaho-based Economic Modeling Specialists , describes the education gap , earnings gap and ultimately value lost from direct and indirect labor income to the nation 's economy of $ 60 billion per year . According to the study , children growing up in one-parent homes are 16 % more likely to drop out of high school . Only 14.3 % of students from one-parent households will attend some college , compared with 17.6 % in two-parent households . But that is the bad news . I say let 's focus on the other sides of those figures , the kids who succeed and the single moms who get them there . To be sure , single mothers are swimming against the tide in a culture that in its predominant narrative declares our children are liabilities in society , not blessings . For years , screens large and small have been flickering with images of single mothers as seriously flawed and in need of rescue . In "  Modern Family , " Sofia Vergara 's character , Gloria , needs Jay to financially and emotionally rescue her to help her raise her son . In "  Act Like a Man , Think Like a Lady , " the single mother character is trying to date herself out of her parenthood predicament . Robert Townsend 's recent "  Diary of a Single Mom " follows three single mothers who have to band together in order to survive . But beginning next week , "  The Bachelorette " will for the first time feature a single mother as the sun in the solar system of suitors . That 's a kind of progress , I suppose . Let 's see more of that . And let 's see more success stories . Here are a few : My oldest son graduated from the University of Wisconsin - Madison in 2011 and is now in Madrid earning a master 's in translation in Spanish . My middle son is completing his junior year at the Ohio State University and will graduate next May . My youngest son is headed to the University of Iowa in August . Not bad for a single mom .	Michele Weldon says on Mother 's Day , single motherhood should be celebrated She says popular culture consigns kids of single moms to failure , but there 's more to story She says kids of single moms have challenges , but studies show many do very well Weldon says she 's a single mom of three flourishing young men , productive and happy
Diyarbakir , Turkey  CNN  -- The jailed leader of the Kurdistan Workers Party has called an end to a mass hunger strike in Turkey staged by Kurdish prison inmates and politicians . "  End the hunger strikes as soon as possible without any hesitation ... this action has reached its place and fulfilled its goals , " Abdullah Ocalan said , the Kurdish Dicle News Agency reported Saturday . Ocalan passed along that message to his brother Mehmet , who had been permitted by Turkish authorities to visit the notorious guerrilla leader on the island in the Marmara Sea where he has been kept in solitary confinement . Mehmet Ocalan then relayed along the comment Saturday to protesters , some of whom have gone without solid food for 66 days : A leader of the main Kurdish nationalist party , Selahattin Demirtas , appeared to endorse the message . Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences The Kurdish lawmaker announced on his Twitter feed that "  the statement by Mr. Ocalan is a very important development ... We support this statement ... we hope that the prisoners will reconsider in light of the statement . " On Saturday night , after the entire predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir echoed with the clangs of residents banging pots and pans in support of the hunger strikers , two Kurdish lawmakers had been allowed into one of the city 's main prisons , presumably to meet with inmates who have been starving themselves , a spokesman for the hunger strikers told CNN There was a huge police presence in front of a municipal building where at least 22 Kurdish politicians , including several lawmakers from the main Kurdish nationalist party and the elected mayor of Diyarbakir , have been staging the hunger strike . The parliament members had joined a much larger mass hunger strike that started and spread through the Turkish penal system more than a month ago . More than 680 Kurdish inmates have now limited their diets to water , sugar , tea and salt . Those on the hunger strike have issued several demands : Authorize Kurdish language education in schools , allow defendants to speak Kurdish while representing themselves in court and Ocalan 's release from prison . The problem is many Turks consider Ocalan the country 's No. 1 terrorist . The movement he helped found decades ago has been fighting a guerrilla war against the Turkish state for 30 years , a conflict that has claimed more than 30,000 lives . Turkey , as well as the European Union and the United States , have labeled the Kurdistan Workers Party a terrorist organization . On Saturday , the governor of Diyarbakir blamed the hunger strike and the street protests on the party . Turkey needs to change course over own insurgency "  The legal and civilian extensions of the terrorist organization are increasing the tensions on the streets , " Mustafa Toprak , Diyarbakir governor , said in an interview with CNN . He said police reinforcements had been brought into Diyarbakir to deal with what was said to be a two-day strike . He also said more than 100 people had been detained this week , as Kurds have organized nightly protests in Diyarbakir and other cities and towns throughout the largely Kurdish southeast . Demonstrators appear to have adopted an unusual tactic to deal with the security forces . Throughout the Kurdish region of Turkey , the overwhelming majority of demonstrators seen burning tires and overturning garbage bins were children younger than 15 . Boys as young as 7 and 8 were seen torching barricades that had been dragged out to block city streets . "  Children are not terrorists , " said Toprak , the Diyarbakir governor . "  But the things they are doing , if they were committed by adults , would be considered terrorist acts . " According to a recent report by the nonprofit conflict mediation organization International Crisis Group , Turkish authorities have arrested more than 7,000 Kurdish activists on suspicion of terrorist activities in the past several years . Gulten Kisanak , one of the Kurdish parliament members on hunger strike , said she and her 34 fellow lawmakers from the Kurdish BDP party were battling more than 750 legal cases against them in court , which could lead to more than 3,000 years in prison . As barricades burned in the streets outside , Kisanak and her fellow hunger strikers gathered in a reception room decorated with a giant poster of Ocalan . "  We are willing to die , " Kisanak vowed . And she repeated her demand for the release of Ocalan , a Kurdish leader she described as "  a man of peace . " Turkey police crack down on Kurds	Jailed Kurdish leader calls for end to mass hunger strike Leading Kurdish lawmaker endorses the message Nearly every shop in the provincial capital is shuttered
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A magnitude-7 .9 earthquake that struck southwestern China last year left 5,335 students dead or missing and disabled an additional 546 children , state media reported . A girl fastens wish cards at a middle school at Qushan township earlier this year in memory of students . The first official tally of students killed in the Sichuan province quake was released Thursday by Tu Wentao , the head of the province 's education department , the Xinhua news agency said . As of September , official figures put the death toll at 69,227 , with more than 17,923 people missing . The tremor struck May 12 about 2:30 p.m. , when many children were in school . The official tally of student deaths and injuries was released a few days after an Amnesty International report accused the government of China of intimidating and unlawfully detaining relatives of children who had died in the earthquake . The 52-page report , published Sunday , documented instances in which relatives said they had been detained for up to 21 days for trying to get answers from officials . "  By unlawfully locking up parents of children who died , the government is creating more misery for people who have said in some cases they lost everything in the Sichuan earthquake , " said Roseann Rife , deputy program director of Amnesty International Asia-Pacific . The report also accused authorities of preventing relatives from complaining to higher officials about the quality of construction in the buildings that had collapsed . The human-rights organization called on Chinese authorities "  to take immediate action to address the grievances of survivors and relatives of those who were killed or injured . " CNN was not immediately able to get a response to the report from China 's Ministry of Civil Affairs and Ministry of Justice .	In September , officials put death toll at 69,227 , with more than 17,923 missing The tremor struck May 12 at about 2:30 p.m. , when many children were in school Amnesty accused China intimidating relatives of children who died in quake
CNN  -- Mick Jagger turned 70 on Friday . You may want to reread that sentence . One of music 's biggest stars is still going strong -- tight pants and all -- at an age when many people are enjoying retirement . Here are some interesting facts about the man who has had a colorful life and career : Two -- Marriages . He was married to Bianca Jagger from 1971 to 1979 and to Jerry Hall from 1990 to 1999 . Seven -- Jagger 's children : Karis , born in 1970 ; Jade , 1971 ; Elizabeth , 1984 ; James , 1985 ; Georgia , 1992 ; Gabriel , 1997 ; Lucas , 1999 . 29 -- Studio albums by the Rolling Stones . Eight -- No. 1 singles on Billboard 's Hot 100 36 -- Top 10 albums on the Billboard 200 chart . Five -- Solo albums One -- Solo album that went platinum in the United States , according to Recording Industry Association of America statistics . It was 1985 's "  She 's the Boss . " 12 -- Number of times the Stones ' greatest-hits album "  Hot Rocks " has gone platinum . Their best-selling album has sold more than 12 million copies in the United States , according to the RIAA . Two -- Grammy Award wins . The Rolling Stones ' "  Voodoo Lounge " won the 1994 best rock album Grammy , and the group 's song "  Love Is Strong " won the 1994 Grammy for best music video , short form .  The Grammys also gave the Stones a Lifetime Achievement Award in 1996 . 15 -- Grammy nominations , combined total for solo work and with the Rolling Stones . Â # 4,000  About $ 6,000  -- Amount spent at an auction at Bonhams in London in July for a lock of Jagger 's hair . 5 -- Age when he and bandmate Keith Richards met . 1 -- Species of trilobite named after Mick Jagger . The Aegrotocatellus Jaggeri lived in what is now the Canadian territory of Nunavut . The trilobite is an extinct fossil arthropod that lived about 542 million years ago , according to Encyclopedia Britannica .	Mick Jagger has seven children Only one of his solo albums has gone Top 10 A species of trilobite -- an extinct fossil arthropod -- was named after Jagger
North Korea is back to its old ways , it seems . South Korea 's military has reported that its reclusive northern neighbor test-fired two medium-range ballistic missiles Wednesday morning from a site north of Pyongyang into the sea off its east coast . The military posturing came while the South 's leader , Park Gyuen-hye , met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and U.S. President Barack Obama on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague . United front South Korean news agency Yonhap reported the three leaders urged tripartite cooperation in the face of North Korean antagonism . "  I think it 's very important for our three nations to display this kind of unity and shared determination , " President Obama said following the talks . Japan has registered a "  strong protest " with the North Korean embassy in Beijing , Minister for Foreign Affairs Fumio Kishida told a parliamentary session Wednesday . But he said the launch would not affect Japan-North Korea talks scheduled for March 30 . "  It is a very important opportunity to make a strong approach to North Korea , " he said . "  Japan is not considering the change of the plan as of now . " It is believed that two medium-range Rodong missiles -- one at 2.35 AM  local time  and again a few minutes later -- were launched , eventually splashing down in the Sea of Japan , also known by the Koreas as the East Sea . Several launches of short-range ballistics have been conducted in recent weeks , including one that came within minutes of potentially hitting a Chinese passenger jet . It does not appear that North Korea issued any warnings ahead of Wednesday 's launches . If confirmed , this latest launch marks the first time since 2009 that the DPRK has fired the Rodong class of missile . "  It is a clear violation of U.N. resolution and we demand an immediate stop to  the  provocation , " South Korean Ministry of Defense spokesperson Kim Min Suk-fyi said . Kim added that there are no signs to suggest further launch plans . North Korea launches 30 short-range rockets into the sea Sending a message The Ministry of Defense in Seoul believes the launch was a reaction to ongoing U.S.-ROK military drills as well as a "  message to the international community , " given the timing with regards to the Dutch summit . "  These March 26 launches of medium-range No Dong  also known as Rodong  ballistic missiles represent a troubling and provocative escalation that the United States takes very  seriously  , " U.S. State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf said . "  We are closely coordinating with our allies and partners , including in the U.N. Security Council , to take the appropriate measures in response to this latest provocation and to address the threat to global security posed by the DPRK 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs . " There are a number of U.N. resolutions restricting ballistic missile launches , including several specifically requiring North Korea to "  suspend all activities related to its ballistic missile program and to re-establish a moratorium on missile launches . " Chinese reaction While there has been no official reaction from Beijing , North Korea 's recent saber-rattling is not going to help relations with China , one of the Stalinist state 's few international allies , said John Delury , Assistant Professor of East Asian Studies at Yonsei University Graduate School of International Studies in Seoul . "  There has n't been any fundamental policy shift but we 've seen high ranking Chinese officials express their annoyance pretty consistently , " he told CNN . "  I think  President  Xi  Jinping  is getting an impression of Kim Jong Un as someone who keeps stirring the pot in ways that are detrimental and undercut the ways which Beijing wants to move . This is not going to improve relations between North Korea and China . " The bellicose move comes at a time when North Korea finds itself increasingly isolated , blaming the United States for the breakdown of the six-party talks , and , according to South Korea 's conservative Chosun newspaper , even urging its military and officials "  not to trust " China . Indeed , tensions involving North Korea and its neighbors are rarely out of the headlines . The North Korean state news agency KNCA Wednesday accused South Korean authorities of "  hurting the dignity " of North Korea 's "  supreme leadership " by dropping propaganda leaflets on five North Korean islands . North Korea launches missiles into sea ` Abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity in North Korea	Two North Korean mid-range missile launches detected by the South Korean military If confirmed , Rodong launch would be the first since 2009 Launch comes amid joint U.S.-R.O. K military exercises and three-way summit in The Hague Incident only the latest chapter in DPRK 's sparring with neighbors
CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech to the Congress this week was as eagerly anticipated in Tehran as it was in Washington . The Iranian reaction to the speech has been a combination of indignation and indifference . While some of Netanyahu 's remarks are already being exploited by competing factions within the Iranian state , the likeliest impact of the speech is tied to Netanyahu 's baseless charge that Iran 's vendetta against the Jewish people is an ancient mission . The earliest official reactions were predictably the most vigorous in denouncing Netanyahu 's message to the American people . Ali Larijani , the powerful speaker of the Iranian parliament , painted Netanyahu as the leader of a "  tin pot regime " that is not as concerned about Iran 's nuclear program as it is of Tehran 's growing regional influence . The hardline Kayhan newspaper , the key official outlet linked to the office of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , called the speech "  trash talking " but it also made sure to use it an ammunition against its rivals in the moderate faction . The paper , skeptical of President Hassan Rouhani 's nuclear negotiations with the Americans from the beginning , said Netanyahu 's comments present an awkward truth for the pro-negotiation faction in Tehran : the Israeli leader and his American supporters are openly signaling the dispute with Iran can only be resolved once there is a change of regime there . Iranian media coverage of Netanyahu 's speech mentioned the controversy in the U.S. around its timing but the hardline outlets warned against reading too much into it . As one hardline newspaper , Khorasan , put it , "  although it is undeniable that Obama and Netanyahu disagree on Iran , the -LSB- recent -RSB- remarks of the two -LSB- leaders -RSB- shows that they both seek the same goal . " The idea that the U.S. and Israel share the same strategic goal to rein in Iran but are in disagreement about how to achieve it is the cornerstone of the hardliners ' stance in Tehran . The moderate outlets , supportive of President Rouhani , have put a different spin on Netanyahu 's speech . Unlike the hardliners , they are not painting the Obama-Netanyahu fallout as some orchestrated good cop-bad cop ploy to maximize concessions from Tehran . Instead , they emphasize that there is a genuine difference in opinion between the U.S. and Israel . The moderate faction sees the controversy around Netanyahu 's speech to the Congress and his failure to squeeze the Obama White House to toughen its negotiation terms with Tehran as an indication that Netanyahu is the one who is isolated . The hardliners and the moderates were in full agreement on one point , and that was the delight they shared about the absence of some 60 out of 232 Democratic members of the Congress from Netanyahu 's speech . It is too early to gain a good insight into the reaction of ordinary Iranians to Netanyahu 's speech . But one aspect of his speech is bound to create backlash among ordinary Iranians outside the corridors of the state : his invocation of festival of Purim , which commemorates the salvation of Jewish people in ancient Persia . The historic event is recorded in the Book of Esther but Netanyahu 's characterization implied that the Persian people 's history of anti-Semitism and the pursuit of agenda to destroy the Jewish people is an ancient mission . "  Today the Jewish people face another attempt by yet another Persian potentate to destroy us , " Netanyahu said . With that line , he put the ruling Islamists in Tehran on par with ruling Persian empires that have come before them . As is already evident in the Persian-language social media , this will not go down well with ordinary Iranians , many of whom are not supporters of the Islamist system in Tehran and will resent the charge of eternal Persian anti-Semitism . They wish Netanyahu had made more effort to distinguish between the Islamist rulers in Tehran -- many of whom undoubtedly harbor anti-Semitic views -- and the people of Iran whose history with the Jewish nation is far more amicable than Netanyahu 's portrayal of history suggests . What is more instantly measurable is the impact of Netanyahu 's speech among officials in Tehran . The Iranian response to Netanyahu 's speech to the Congress is best described as one that reflects the clash of visions between moderates and hardliners in the echelons of power . For the moderates , the controversy around his speech and the cold-shoulder Netanyahu got from the White House is itself a vindication of President Rouhani 's gamble on reaching a diplomatic solution to Iran 's 12-year nuclear saga . The hardliners have been quick to paint Netanyahu 's visit to Washington as an example of the insincerity of the Americans in dealing with Iran , but not even the hawks in Tehran are claiming that Netanyahu 's presence in the U.S. Congress is grounds to shift Iran 's nuclear diplomatic strategy .	Iranians met Netanyahu 's speech with indignation , indifference , writes Alex Vatanka Moderates believe Obama 's cold shoulder is vindication of Rouhani 's strategy , he says Hardliners suggest the speech shows U.S. insincerity but have not argued against talks
CNN  -- Freestyle skier Jeret "  Speedy " Peterson , who won a silver medal at the 2010 Winter Games , died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , police in Utah said . The Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake responded to a 911 call from Peterson , 29 , on Monday night , said Lt. Justin Hoyal . Peterson told police he was going to take his life and said he was in Lambs Canyon , off Interstate 80 between Salt Lake City and Park City , Hoyal told CNN . Officers found him deceased there at about 9:30 p.m.  11:30 p.m. ET  , he said . CNN affiliate KSL-TV in Salt Lake City reported Peterson also left a suicide note in his car . In 2010 , Peterson told an CNN iReporter in Vancouver , Canada , the cheers he received when receiving the silver medal in men 's aerials "  was one of the coolest feelings in the world . " He had competed in two previous Winter Games . According to a biography on the United States Ski and Snowboard Association website , Peterson picked up the nickname "  Speedy " at a summer ski camp in Lake Placid , New York , in the mid-1990s because coaches thought he resembled the cartoon character "  Speed Racer " with a big helmet . He won the 1999 U.S. Junior Championship and took bronze at two straight World Junior Championships in 2000 and 2001 . But Peterson also knew struggles , both in skiing and in his personal life . His signature jump was called the "  Hurricane , " which he failed to land in Torino , Italy , during the 2006 Winter Games , dropping him from third to seventh . The next day , Peterson was sent home after a post-party fight , according to the biography . His sister was killed by a drunk driver in 1987 , and a close friend committed suicide in 2005 in front of Peterson , shooting himself in the head as Peterson was walking in the door , Sports Illustrated reported in a 2005 article . As a child growing up in Idaho , Peterson was sexually abused by someone he would not name , Sports Illustrated said . In 2002 , the magazine wrote , he spoke about the experience at a fundraiser for an organization aimed at child abuse prevention , telling a young audience , "  If you think you deserved it , I promise it was n't your fault . I know because I 've lived that feeling for a long time . " Sports Illustrated in 2005 : Peterson 's inner demons Peterson was arrested in Hailey , Idaho , early Friday on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol , CNN affiliate KTVB in Boise , Idaho , reported . Hailey police told KTVB that Peterson was driving more than 70 mph in a 25-mph zone , and failed a field sobriety test . He was booked into jail and posted bail a few hours later , the station reported . Members of the U.S. Olympic Committee mourned Peterson 's passing . "  I know Speedy 's friends and family were incredibly proud of his effort in Vancouver , and his achievements were an inspiration to people all over the world , " said committee chief executive Scott Blackmun . "  The personal challenges Speedy has battled are familiar to all of us , and on behalf of the U.S. Olympic Committee , I 'd like to offer my sympathy to Speedy 's family and friends . Today is a sad day . " CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller contributed to this report .	Jeret "  Speedy " Peterson won a silver medal at the 2010 Winter Games He left a suicide note in his car , according to CNN affiliate KSL-TV Report : Peterson was arrested on suspicion of DUI on Friday
CNN  -- Thabo Mbeki , who succeeded Nelson Mandela as South Africa 's president 14 years ago , says the ailing revered statesmen will pull through . "  I know the doctors who are working with him are very good people , very good doctors and I am quite certain , I am quite certain that , one of these days , Madiba will go back home , " Mbeki said over the weekend , calling Mandela by his clan name . Mandela , 94 , is considered the founding father of South Africa 's modern democracy . He has been hospitalized in Pretoria since June 8 for a recurring lung infection -- a legacy of his years of imprisonment under South Africa 's now-defunct apartheid regime . Mbeki is the second president in South Africa 's post-apartheid era ushered in by Mandela . Mbeki served from 1999 to 2008 after Mandela emerged from prison in 1990 and became the nation 's first black president four years later . Jacob Zuma currently serves as president . "  What the government has been saying is that his condition is critical but stable is correct . But I think we need to add to that that indeed his health is improving . The medical care that he is receiving is in fact excellent and as I say , I am quite certain that one of these days the doctors will agree that he can go and stay at home rather than in hospital . Certainly that is our hope and our wish , but I think that is what will happen , " Mbeki said . Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the South Africa 's system of racial segregation . A court document released recently revealed that Mandela 's health had declined so sharply on June 26 that his family was considering whether to take him off life support . The next day , however , Zuma announced that Mandela 's condition improved from critical to critical but stable .	Thabo Mbeki says Nelson Mandela 's "  health is improving " Mbeki succeeded Mandela as president ; he thinks "  Madiba will go back home "
CNN  -- Wrestling has been reinstated to the program for the 2020 Games in Tokyo after a vote Sunday by members of the International Olympic Committee in Buenos Aires . Wrestling won on the first round of voting by gaining 49 of the 95 votes cast . It was competing with the joint bid of baseball/softball and squash to win the final spot on the roster of sports for 2020 , as the Summer Games returns to Asia after the Beijing Games of 2008 . Baseball/softball claimed 24 votes and squash received 22 . The result means wrestling , a sport which dates back to the ancient Olympics over 3,000 years ago , is assured of taking its place in both Tokyo in 2020 and the 2024 Summer Olympics . In February , wrestling , which has appeared in all the modern Games dating back to Athens in 1896 , was cut from the 2020 program after the IOC executive board made an assessment of the performance of all 26 sports in the 2012 London Olympics . But in May , with its world governing body FILA  International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles  , under the new leadership of Serbian Nenad Lalovic , wrestling was given the chance to compete with baseball/softball and squash to extend its inclusion past the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro . Lalovic told IOC members as he made his presentation Sunday : "  Today is the most important day in the 3,000-year history of our sport . " Later , he reflected on the reasons why wresting had preserved its place on the program when all had appeared lost . "  This crisis gave us the strength to change and we finally found we can change , " he told reporters . "  Wrestling has become a modernized sport ready to compete with other sports . "  We have updated it to make it more spectacular and more watchable and the rules understandable , " Lalovic added . Questioned about allegations of corruption , which have also dogged wrestling , Lalovic pointed to changes in FILA 's governance structure . "  There is no real evidence of it , but there is always suspicions , the only way to tackle this is by a modern and democratic constitution . " The baseball/softball bid had in its presentation team Antonio Castro , the son of the Cuban leader Fidel Castro , but failed to win back its status after being voted off the Games program starting with the 2012 Games in London . Squash has long fought for Olympic status and Narayana Ramachandaran , president of its world federation , described the decision as "  heartbreaking " after a 10-year long campaign . Earlier Sunday , the IOC voted to retain the 25 sports already on its program . Golf and Rugby Sevens had already been added to the 2016 and 2020 Games after an earlier vote in 2009 . Wrestling 's reinstatement will take the total number of sports being contested to 28 in 2020 .	Wrestling back on Olympic program for 2020 Games in Tokyo Beats off challenge of Baseball/Softball and Squash Wins on first round of voting by 125th IOC session in Buenos Aires Sport had been dogged by allegations of corruption and poor governance
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Natural disasters , revolutionary technology , pro-athlete scandals and national calamities marked 2007 as an unforgettable year . Yet , amid these major happenings arose stories that were overlooked , unseen or ignored altogether : tales of our nation 's work force . Understandably , these pieces were n't as newsworthy as Michael Vick 's dog fighting charges or Paris Hilton going to jail . But these stories held an angle unlike any other : They were just plain weird . Here are 15 headlines that exemplify the strange happenings that took place in the workplace in 2007 . 1 . "  Employee eats 32 vending machine items for charity " A juvenile probation officer ate one of every item in a county courthouse vending machine in one day . She consumed more than 7,000 calories and more than 300 grams of fat , eating such items as beef sticks , candy bars , Pop Tarts and potato chips -- all to win a bet with co-workers and raise $ 300 for charity . 2 . "  Cola wars get physical as Pepsi worker attacks Coke employee " Two employees from the rival companies got into a tiff over shelf space in the aisle of a Wal-Mart in Indiana . The Pepsi worker allegedly assaulted the Coca-Cola employee , hitting him in the face , giving him a black eye and breaking his nose . Police say the two were also accused of trying to run each other over with pallets full of soda bottles . 3 . "  Alleged robber asks victim out for date " After two men robbed a Domino 's Pizza delivery woman , one of them called the victim from his cell phone to apologize -- and to ask her out . 4 . "  Four women fired for gossiping " Four women employed in a small New Hampshire town were fired for gossiping about a relationship between the town administrator and a fellow co-worker . They were fired on the basis that "  gossip , whispering and an unfriendly environment are causing poor morale and interfering with the efficient performance of town business . " 5 . "  Eau de Lawsuit : Woman sues over scent " An employee in the Detroit planning department sued the city , saying a female co-worker 's strong fragrance prohibited her from working . The woman claimed she is severely sensitive to perfumes and her co-worker not only wore a strong scent , but also plugged in a scented room deodorizer . 6 . "  Salt lands McDonald 's employee in jail " A McDonald 's employee was arrested , jailed and is facing criminal charges because a police officer got sick after a hamburger he ate was too salty . The employee accidentally spilled salt on some hamburger meat and told her supervisor and co-worker , who "  tried to thump the salt off . " The employee was charged because she served the burger "  without regards to the well-being of anyone who might consume it . " 7 . "  Carpenter free to ply trade in the nude " A carpenter caught hammering nails and sawing wood in the nude says he prefers working in the buff because it 's more comfortable and helps keep his clothes clean . The carpenter was found not guilty of indecent exposure . 8 . "  Southwest Airlines employee tells passenger her outfit wo n't fly " A Southwest employee asked a young woman in a short skirt to leave the airplane , saying she was dressed too provocatively for the family airline . The young woman was eventually allowed to complete her trip after covering up . On her return flight , she came home with no problem -- in the same outfit . 9 . "  Employee accused of faking being cop " A Taco Bell employee was arrested for impersonating a law enforcement officer and attempting to arrest his managers and co-worker . He passed himself off as an undercover narcotics investigator , going as far as typing fake criminal histories on the general manager , two shift managers and an employee and telling them they were going to be arrested . 10 . "  Employee took 1 million screws home from factory " An assembly worker hid screws in a specially designed hiding place and took up to 7,000 home with him every day . Over a two-year period , he stole more than 1.1 million screws with an estimated value of $ 155,000 . He allegedly sold the screws over the Internet at discount prices . 11 . "  Deputy nabbed twice for DUI -- by husband " An off-duty jail deputy was pulled over and charged with driving under the influence -- by her husband , a fellow deputy . She supposedly left before he could give her a Breathalyzer test , so he pulled her over again and called for backup . She was placed on administrative leave . 12 . "  Workers killed after seeking raises " A car dealership owner killed two employees because they kept asking for more pay . The employer told police he was having financial problems and was under a lot of stress . 13 . "  Man demands coupons from radio station employee " A radio station employee was threatened at gunpoint when an angry patron was unhappy with the promotional bumper stickers he received . The patron demanded McDonald 's coupons instead ; when the employee did n't have any , the man flashed what looked like a handgun . She searched her car and found a coupon for a free cheeseburger . The man took it , made a derogatory comment about the radio station and rode away on his bike . 14 . "  Wienermobile gets cop roasted " When a 27-foot-long , 11-foot-tall vehicle -- known to most as the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile -- was slowing traffic in a construction zone in Arizona , an officer ran its "  YUMMY " license plate to make sure it was street legal . A bad computer entry erroneously showed the Wienermobile as having stolen plates , forcing the officer to pull it over . After further investigation , the officer learned that the entry should have read that license plate had been stolen -- but only if found on any vehicle that is n't a giant hot dog . 15 . "  Drive-through dispute gets suspect jail food " Workers at a Burger King in New York got into a dispute with a customer after he refused to turn his music down while ordering at the drive-through . The customer grabbed the restaurant 's manager , tried to pull her through a window and then attempted to run over a worker who came to help the manager . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Cola wars get physical as Pepsi worker attacks Coke employee Southwest Airlines employee tells passenger her outfit wo n't fly Drive-through dispute gets suspect jail food Alleged robber asks victim out for date
CNN  -- Liverpool continued their improvement under manager Kenny Dalglish with a superb 1-0 Premier League win at Chelsea , making it a debut to forget for striker Fernando Torres against his former club . Torres joined champions Chelsea from Liverpool for a British record transfer fee of $ 80m last Monday and fate decreed that he would make his debut against his former club . But , playing alongside Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka in a three-pronged strike-force , the Spanish international had a debut to forget -- missing two good chances to open his account for his new club before eventually being substituted by manager Carlo Ancelotti in the second half . Torres : I could n't wait for Liverpool revival Chelsea had shown improved form in recent weeks , following a dismal run that had seen them slip away from title contention . And they were handed futher impetus to improve their league position with leaders Manchester United and second-placed Arsenal both dropping points on Saturday . But Chelsea proved no match for a disciplined and determined Liverpool side , who have now won four matches in a row under Dalgish , keeping a clean sheet on each occasion . The only goal of an absorbing match came in the 69th minute when in-form Portuguese midfielder Raul Meireles took advantage of hesitancy in the home defense to rifle home Steven Gerrard 's teasing ball from the right . It was Meireles ' fourth goal in five matches and lifts Liverpool up to sixth place , just six points off a Champions League place . Chelsea 's seventh defeat leaves them fourth , ahead of Tottenham on goal difference , but still 10 points behind Manchester United with just 13 games left . Meanwhile , in the day 's other match , Birmingham City moved out of the bottom three after a vital 1-0 win at West Ham , who now prop up the table after this defeat . Nikola Zigic headed home Sebatian Larsson 's left-wing free-kick to secure the points for the visitors , as Birmingham followed up their recent League Cup semifinal win over West Ham with another victory over the east London side . West Ham are on 24 points , level with Wolverhampton but with an inferior goal difference . Wigan are the other side in the bottom three , two points better off in 18th position .	Liverpool continued their improvement with a 1-0 Premier League win at Chelsea Raul Meireles scored his fourth goal in five matches for Liverpool 's fourth win in row It proved a debut to forget for striker Fernando Torres against his former club The $ 80m Spaniard missed two good chances and was eventually substituted
CNN  -- Days after Russia and the United States reached a deal on getting Syria to give up its chemical weapons , world powers are quarreling over the details . The agreement , reached by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry over the weekend , calls for a U.N. resolution demanding that Syria turn over its chemical weapons to international control in a specific time frame . Russia wo n't support any resolution that would authorize the use of force against Syria if it does n't comply , Lavrov said Tuesday . But the United States and France want to keep the threat of force on the table if Syria does n't comply . Those allies say they are convinced that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime was behind a chemical weapons attack in opposition areas that , according to U.S. estimates , killed more than 1,400 people . Representatives of those three powers and the two other veto-wielding permanent Security Council members met behind closed doors at the United Nations on Tuesday to hammer out a draft resolution , a meeting a U.N. diplomat called "  constructive . " "  For the first time there was a discussion of the actual text , " said the diplomat , who did n't want to be named discussing ongoing private negotiations . "  There are well-known different views on some of the elements , but we are trying to resolve those issues . " The meetings were likely to resume Wednesday , the diplomat said . U.N. weapons inspectors reported Monday that an August 21 attack outside Damascus had been carried out using the nerve gas sarin . Tuesday , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the findings should spur member states to bring the bloodshed in Syria to a halt , urging both Washington and Moscow to "  demonstrate their leadership . " "  Let us be clear : the use of chemical weapons in Syria is only the tip of the iceberg , " he said . "  The suffering in Syria must end . " Though the inspectors did not assign blame for the attack , a U.S. analysis of their report shows the Syrian regime was responsible for the August 21 massacre outside Damascus , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters in Washington . "  Based on our preliminary review of information contained in the report , several crucial details confirm the Assad regime 's guilt in carrying out this attack , " she said . One of the munitions identified in the report , a 120-millimeter improvised rocket , has been linked to previous attacks by the al-Assad regime , and "  we have no indications that the opposition has manufactured or used this style rocket . " In addition , the environmental , chemical , and medical samples collected by U.N. investigators "  provide clear and compelling evidence " that the rockets used in the attack contained sarin gas , a nerve agent , she said . "  We know the regime possesses sarin ; we have no evidence , however , that the opposition possesses sarin . " She added that the United States reserves the right to take military action . Though diplomacy is the preferred option , "  I do n't want to predict what the end result will be , " she said . Still , she was willing to predict that that end result would not include the status quo in Damascus . "  We do n't see a future for Assad , a future in Syria that includes Assad , " she said . International inspections of Syria 's declared chemical weapons storage sites are to begin next month and all chemical weapons are to be eliminated by June 30 , 2014 , she said . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius shared Psaki 's view that the Syrian regime was responsible for the massacre . But , at the same news conference , Lavrov brushed aside a question about blame . He noted that the U.N. inspectors in Syria were not tasked with figuring out who was responsible and that that was not the point of the U.N. report . Russia has suggested Syrian rebels may have been behind the attack , though critics have said rebels did not have the means to unleash chemical weapons . A scathing report Inspectors found "  clear and convincing evidence " that the nerve agent sarin was delivered by surface-to-surface rockets "  on a relatively large scale " in the August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb , Ban said Monday . "  It is the most significant confirmed use of chemical weapons against civilians since Saddam Hussein used them in Halabja in 1988 , " Ban said , referring to the chemical attack against Kurds in northern Iraq that killed thousands , mostly civilians , "  and the worst use of weapons of mass destruction in the 21st century , " Ban said . "  The international community has a responsibility to ensure that chemical weapons never re-emerge as an instrument of warfare . " But on Tuesday , Ban said it was "  for others to decide whether to pursue this matter further to determine responsibility and accountability . " The diplomatic quarrel over just who may have been responsible for the chemical weapons attack came as the toll from conventional weapons continued to mount . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported that 70 people -- including four children and seven women -- were killed Tuesday nationwide . Syrian-Turkish border tension A blast rocked the Syrian side of the Turkish-Syrian border Tuesday , Turkey 's semiofficial Anatolian news agency reported . Video shot by activists showed torrents of black smoke emerging from blazing vehicles at the crossing as survivors tried to help victims . The LCC said the attack wounded many people . The explosion , which happened near a border gate , comes a day after Turkish planes shot down a Syrian helicopter crossing into Turkey . It came down on Syrian territory , Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc said . Syria 's state news agency SANA said the helicopter was watching for "  terrorists " crossing the border and erroneously strayed into Turkish airspace , but was on its way back across the border when shot down . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Richard Allen Greene , Josh Levs , Aliza Kassim , Joe Sterling and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report .	NEW : 70 die in latest violence , opposition says U.N. 's Ban prods Washington and Moscow to "  demonstrate their leadership " The United States and France want to keep the threat of force on the table Russia says it would n't support any resolution authorizing force against the Syrian regime
Miami  CNN  -- A defunct satellite plummeting toward Earth is expected to re-enter the atmosphere between 11:45 p.m. Friday and 12:45 a.m. Saturday ET , NASA reported late Friday evening . "  During that time period , the satellite will be passing over Canada and Africa , as well as vast areas of the Pacific , Atlantic and Indian oceans . The risk to public safety is very remote , " the space agency said . The United States is once again an unlikely but potential target for the 26 pieces of the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite , expected to survive the descent . Those pieces , made of stainless steel , titanium and beryllium that wo n't burn , will range from about 10 pounds to hundreds of pounds , according to NASA . "  There is a low probability any debris that survives re-entry will land in the United States , " NASA headquarters said , "  but the possibility can not be discounted because of this changing rate of descent . " Mark Matney of NASA 's Orbital Debris team in Houston said there 's no way to know exactly where the pieces will come down . "  Keep in mind , they wo n't be traveling at those high orbital velocities . As they hit the air , they tend to slow down . ... They 're still traveling fast , a few tens to hundreds of miles per hour , but no longer those tremendous orbital velocities , " he explained . Because the satellite travels thousands of miles in a matter of minutes as it orbits -- even just before it begins re-entry -- it will be impossible to pinpoint the exact location the pieces will come down . On top of that , Matney said , the satellite is not stable . "  Part of the problem is , the spacecraft is tumbling in unpredictable ways , and it is very difficult to very precisely pinpoint where it 's coming down even right before the re-entry . " Because water covers 70 % of the Earth 's surface , NASA has said that most if not all of the surviving debris will land in water . Even if pieces strike dry land , there 's very little risk any of it will hit people . However , in an abundance of caution , the Federal Aviation Administration released an advisory Thursday warning pilots about the falling satellite , calling it a potential hazard . "  It is critical that all pilots/flight crew members report any observed falling space debris to the appropriate  air traffic control  facility and include position , altitude , time and direction of debris observed , " the FAA statement said . The FAA said warnings of this sort typically are sent out to pilots concerning specific hazards they may encounter during flights such as air shows , rocket launches , kites and inoperable radio navigational aids . NASA says space debris the size of the satellite 's components re-enters the atmosphere about once a year . Harvard University astrophysicist Jonathan McDowell noted that the satellite is far from being the biggest space junk to come back . "  This is nothing like the old Skylab scare of the '70s , when you had a 70-ton space station crashing out of the sky . So , I agree with the folks in Houston . It 's nothing to be worried about , " McDowell said . Pieces of Skylab came down in western Australia in 1979 . The only wild card McDowell sees is if somehow a chunk hits a populated area . "  If the thing happens to come down in a city , that would be bad . The chances of it causing extensive damage or injuring someone are much higher . " NASA said that once the debris hits the atmosphere 50 miles up , it will take only a matter of minutes before the surviving pieces hit the Earth . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Re-entry is expected between 11:45 p.m. Friday and 12:45 a.m. Saturday ET , NASA says The space agency still ca n't say with certainty where the satellite 's remnants will land About 26 pieces , some weighing hundreds of pounds , are expected to survive reentry
CNN  -- The detectives knew who abducted 5-year-old Richard Wayne Landers Jr. in 1994 . His paternal grandparents , reportedly angry about a custody case involving the small boy , took him and disappeared from Indiana . For 19 years , Indiana State Police searched for him , but it was last October when the missing boy case turned into one of changed identities . According to a news release on the state police website , a detective was given Landers ' Social Security card . He matched it to a 24-year-old man in central Minnesota about 100 miles from Minneapolis . Police looked at the man 's driver 's license photo . It could be him , they thought , comparing it to the photo of Landers as a boy . Some months of detective work followed and police found the grandparents , who they say admitted to assuming new names , in a town near Landers , who has been living under a name given to him by his grandparents . Landers is married with a child on the way . It is unclear when he will be reunited with his mother , Lisa Harter , and her husband . Charges in Indiana against the grandparents were dropped in 2008 . A spokesman with the Indiana State Police said the FBI and Social Security Administration also were investigating the case . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Richard Wayne Landers Jr. and his grandparents had been missing since 1994 When he was 5 , he was taken from Indiana Police tracked him down recently in Minnesota , living under a different name His grandparents , who also have aliases , live nearby
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Defense announced Tuesday that capital charges have been refiled against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other alleged co-conspirators in the September 11 , 2001 , conspiracy to allow prosecution before a military commission at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , naval base . The move comes after the Obama administration dropped plans to prosecute the suspects in federal court in New York . Besides Mohammed , the other suspects accused of participating in the 9/11 plot are Walid bin Attash , Ramzi bin al-Shibh , Ali Abdul Aziz Ali and Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi . All five are at Guantanamo . A Pentagon statement said the charges "  allege that the five accused were responsible for the planning and execution " of the 9/11 attacks , resulting in the deaths of nearly 3,000 people . Charges against all five accused include conspiracy , murder in violation of the law of war , attacking civilians , attacking civilian objects , intentionally causing serious bodily injury , destruction of property in violation of the law of war , hijacking aircraft and terrorism , the statement said . The filing of capital charges means the defendants could face death sentences if convicted . The final decision about whether the death penalty can be pursued is in the hands of retired Vice Adm. Bruce McDonald . In military terminology he is the convening authority of the military commissions , the equivalent of a civilian criminal court . The last military execution was in 1961 , involving a U.S. Army private who had been convicted of rape and attempted murder of an Austrian girl . Mohammed was first charged in May 2008 before a military commission in Guantanamo , but the charges were suspended in early 2009 when the Obama administration took over and sought a fresh review of all detainees at the overseas prison . Later that year , Attorney General Eric Holder announced Mohammed and several other key terror suspects would face prosecution in the military justice system . The Obama administration had considered transferring some terror suspects to the United States for prosecution in either special military or civilian courts . But after widespread opposition across the political platform , the president announced earlier this year all prosecutions would be in military courts in Guantanamo . Obama also had pledged to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility within a year of becoming president . However , it remains open due to legal complexities involving the status of some detainees and congressional opposition to holding trials for high-profile suspects in U.S. criminal courts . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this story .	NEW : The Pentagon announces the refiling of charges The case is returning to a military tribunal from U.S. federal courts The move is procedural to allow prosecution before a tribunal
AOL Autos  -- As long as people have been making cars , other people have been figuring out ways to evaluate what they 're worth . Kelley Blue Book offers one of the best online resources to find out how and why your car is worth X amount . In the case of Kelley Blue Book , they 've vehemently pursued vehicle values for over 80 years and offer one of the best online resources for companies and private individuals to understand how and why their cars are worth X amount of dollars . We talked with Jack Nerad , the executive editorial director and executive market analyst for KBB.com , to explain some of the best ways that you can evaluate your vehicle 's worth . Do n't fool yourself Surprisingly , one of the problems in properly evaluating a vehicle 's worth has nothing to do with the vehicle . Think of the computer phrase IT guys like to use , "  It 's a PICNIC error . " Which stands for "  Problem-In-Chair-Not-In-Computer , " meaning that nothing is really wrong with the computer , the real issue is the person using it . Nerad says that some people trick themselves into thinking their vehicle is worth more than it actually is . "  Where we get into difficulty is when people start fooling themselves about the condition of their car -- that they believe it is in excellent or pristine condition when actually if it has two or three years on it , it 's going to have some miles on it , some wear and tear . " AOL Autos : 2009 cars with best blue book values You may have yelled at your family and friends every time they even considered bringing a coffee cup into the car , but it 's still a used vehicle , uh , I mean pre-owned vehicle . "  Even if you 've taken wonderful care of it , it 's not going to be as fresh as it was when it left the showroom -- that 's something people are going to have to keep in mind . " Know the true condition Although you have to be honest with yourself about how your car compares with others on the road , taking good care of it can pay off when selling . "  When you have a used car , condition , condition , condition are the three most important things , " Nerad explained . AOL Autos : Best-selling sedans "  So actually assessing your car 's condition is crucial to getting the right value , understanding the right value and arriving at the right value . The good news is that at our Web site we give you a checklist that you can essentially go through and it includes things like mileage , equipment levels and also an assessment of condition , which helps you arrive at the appropriate value . " Nerad said that the values KBB gives are estimated ranges of what the vehicle is worth rather than an exact dollar amount because they are factored remotely . Still , an estimate from the Web site is one of the best and simplest ways to calculate your car 's worth . AOL Autos : 10 best cars of 2009 Body shops can help , but a wash and wax might be better "  Most often , it 's been our experience that you 're better off giving an honest discloser of the car 's condition and selling it as is opposed to doing things like cosmetic changes , which can be pretty expensive and are kind of in the eye of the beholder , " Nerad said . AOL Autos : Cars with the worst values He mentioned that the person purchasing your vehicle might not care as much about some of the minor cosmetic flaws and would rather hold onto their money than pay for a car in pristine condition . "  I do n't think too many people who are buying used cars , especially over a few years old , are expecting a car to be in perfect condition or even nearly pristine condition . I think they 're expecting to buy something that has a few miles on it in all senses of that term . " AOL Autos : Car cleaning tips There is a difference between taking your car to the body shop and taking your car to have a wash and wax job done , however . Appearance is still one of your car 's best selling points , and you should do everything you can , short of spending more than your car 's worth , to make it look good . "  I think the thing that most helps is appearance . It 's kind of like the curb value of your home . Appearance is going to catch people 's eyes , and it 's going to give off the impression that the car was taken care of . If the car is dirty and there are scratches on it , inside and out , if it does n't appear to be taken care of , that 's going to have a negative effect on what you 're liable to get for it , " Nerad explained . "  The good news on that cosmetic stuff , washing the car , giving it a wax job , cleaning the tires , those kind of things are pretty inexpensive to do . Even cleaning the interior out helps the added value . It 's certainly worth doing to put your best foot forward that way . " Understand the resale game Since Kelley Blue Book released its 2008 resale value guide not too long ago , I asked Nerad about the assessment of car values . He explained that cars can have high resale values based on their actual resale value , their perceived resale value or simply their demand . The better you understand where your car fits into this system , the easier it will be to understand why your car is worth what is and how to sell it . "  For instance , a Honda , BMW or Volkswagen has a reputation for resale value in the marketplace , so it helps them to have good resale value , " he said . Although not necessarily true for the brands just mentioned , Nerad notes that sometimes brand equity , the popularity of a particular brand , can override its current level of reliability , although it 's not common . "  What we 've found though , is there are really no major swings in this , there are changes , year to year changes and we adjust our site year to year , but they do n't really move in a volatile way , " he said . "  It 's something that has a degree of predictability about it . " Keep in mind that your car 's resale value is public information ; anyone can go online and look it up in 2 minutes . If you let the online experts do their job in evaluating your vehicle 's worth , you 're likely to sell the vehicle a lot faster than if you overprice it or exaggerate its condition . Keep it clean and happy selling .	Expert for Kelley Blue Book explains how to evaluate your car 's worth People often fool themselves about the condition of the car , expert says Appearance is one of your car 's best selling points so make sure to wash it Resale values based on actual/perceived resale value or simply demand
CNN  -- Manchester United 's new goalscoring machine Javier Hernandez grabbed a late winner as the holders reached the quarterfinals of the English League Cup with a 3-2 win over Wolves . Mexican international Hernandez , nicknamed ` little pea ' strode on to a Darron Gibson pass before beating visiting goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey for his last minute clincher at Old Trafford . Hernandez had been introduced as a late substitute for Bebe , but not before the young Portuguese find had put United ahead early in the second half . It was Bebe 's first goal since his surprise summer signing for United from Estrela Amorada . He showed enough in a tepid first half and with his goal , admittedly after a deflection , to suggest that manager Alex Ferguson 's gamble on a player he admitted he had not seen play , could pay off . But Wolves threatened an upset with George Elokobi muscling his way through to level from a corner , while the returning Stephen Hunt saw his shot clip the top of the crossbar as United wobbled . Then Korean Park Ji-Sung , having wasted an earlier cast-iron chance , put United ahead again with a clever shot from inside the area . But Wolves leveled again through Kevin Foley and looked set to force injury time until Hernandez , who scored twice in the 2-1 win at Stoke in the Premier League on Saturday , popped up again . "  When he comes on , you just know that if he gets a chance he is going to take it , " Ferguson told Sky Sports . In other League Cup action , Premier League Wigan beat Swansea 2-0 and Birmingham saw off the challenge of third-flight Brentford in a penalty shoot out . High-flying West Bromwich Albion continued their fine form with a 4-1 win at Sven-Goran Eriksson 's Leicester .	Javier Hernandez scores the winner as Manchester United beat Wolves in League Cup United 's Bebe scored his first goal for the club in the 3-2 win at Old Trafford West Bromwich Albion beat Sven-Goran Eriksson 's Leicester to reach last eight
CNN  -- A quarrel between occupants of two vehicles at a McDonald 's restaurant drive-through in southern Finland erupted in gunfire Tuesday , leaving three men dead , police said . Three occupants in one of the vehicles have been arrested , said Peter Fagerholm , a detective inspector in the town of Porvoo . The two vehicles were in line at the restaurant about 2 a.m. when the quarrel began , Fagerholm said . Shots from a semiautomatic handgun were fired from a Toyota SUV into a convertible driven by a pregnant woman and carrying four men . Two of the men in the convertible , ages 28 and 45 , died at the scene . Another 28-year-old man died Tuesday afternoon at a hospital in Finland 's capital , Helsinki , about 50 miles to the west , Fagerholm said . Two of the men were shot in the head , the other in the chest , he said . The cause of the argument was not immediately known . "  We believe it was a very small issue " that escalated , Fagerholm said late Tuesday . He said he does n't believe the parties in the different cars knew each other , or that the shooting was preplanned . The SUV carried one woman and two men , Fagerholm said . One of the men , 41 , is the principal suspect . In 1995 he was sentenced to life in prison on one count of murder and two counts of attempted homicide , Fagerholm said . He was released on parole in December . Fagerholm would not release the suspect 's name . Authorities are speaking with witnesses in a third car in the drive-through line . CNN 's Lianne Turner and Phil Gast contributed to this report	Three men were shot to death during a quarrel outside a restaurant in Finland One of two vehicles at the McDonald 's drive-through was driven by a pregnant woman The suspected gunman previously served a murder sentence
CNN  It was a tough decision for any space junkie . Comet sleuth Terry Lovejoy had just pinged me on Facebook Messenger answering my request for an interview . Then , my amateur astronomer husband , Jim Ribble , opened the garage door to shout that he had spotted Comet Lovejoy with his telescope from our driveway . So -- do I chat with the man who found a new comet late last year , or do I go outside to see the comet ? If you 're a space rock lover , you know the answer . I told Mr. Lovejoy I would email him my questions and dashed outside . The comet has Terry Lovejoy 's name because he was the first person on Earth to spot it , an increasingly difficult accomplishment since he 's competing with professional observatories . It 's the fifth comet that he 's discovered , but he denies having a secret formula for finding them . "  There is no real secret , "  Lovejoy says . "  My job in IT  information technology  has helped me a lot with automation of the telescope and the actual detection of new comets . " The latest Comet Lovejoy was found on August 17 , 2014 , from Lovejoy 's home in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia . The comet was closest to Earth on January 7 , but you may get a better view as the full moon wanes . If you live far enough away from the glare of city lights , you might be able to spot it with the naked eye . I was able to see it from my house north of Atlanta with binoculars and through my husband 's telescope . It looked like a faint , fuzzy , greenish cloud . Why bother braving the cold to see a green blur ? For some , it 's seeing something that 's new to our sky . For Lovejoy , it 's the excitement of the hunt and then the mystery of what the comet will do . "  It is very exciting from the point of view , not just from the point of finding a named object , but from the point of view the time spent developing the comet searching system has paid off , " Lovejoy said . "  There is also excitement around what the comet might do , so there is a couple of days before it is possible to determine the future path of a comet which has a large bearing on how close it will get to us and how bright it might get . " If you want to to look for it , here are some tips from the comet man himself : -- A number of the major astronomy magazines are covering the comet and have tips for finding it . -- You should be mindful that some of the spectacular photographs of the comet were taken with very specialized equipment from remote dark locations and are not representative of what you will actually see -- It is more important to understand what you are looking at , rather than how it looks , that makes the comet interesting to view -- One interesting observation is to note how the comet changes position over a period of , say , 30 minutes If you want to give it a try , here are some websites with tips for finding Comet Lovejoy : Star Date Astronomy Sky & Telescope EarthSky Universe Today	Bright comet now visible in northern hemisphere Comet Lovejoy can be seen with binoculars
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- For the second time in two days , Pakistan 's largest and busiest airport was forced to shut down after militants launched a brazen attack on airport security forces . Tuesday 's assault targeted the Airport Security Forces academy near Karachi 's Jinnah International Airport , the airport 's manager told CNN 's Saima Mohsin in Karachi . Security forces told CNN that an unknown number of gunmen attacked the academy 's entrance and were met with an armed response . The attackers fled , and no one was killed in the attack , officials said . Once again , the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility . "  This wave of attacks will be continuing in retaliation for the shelling and atrocities of the government , " spokesman Shahidullah Shahid said by phone Tuesday from an undisclosed location . Ten militants stormed the same airport 's cargo area late Sunday night , leading to an hours-long siege that left 36 people dead , including the assailants . The Pakistani Taliban also claimed responsibility for that assault , saying the attack was retaliation for the death of former chief Hakimullah Mehsud , who was killed in a U.S. drone strike in November in North Waziristan . The militant group , also known as the TTP , had warned of more carnage starting Tuesday . Shahid said earlier this week that the Pakistani Taliban would engage "  in a full-out war with the Pakistani state , starting on June 10 . " But the airport itself was safe Tuesday , Pakistan 's Civil Aviation Authority said . " #Jinnah Airport is safe , #ASF academy is under attack , " the aviation authority tweeted Tuesday . The Civil Aviation Authority said flights were temporarily suspended but later resumed Tuesday . By Tuesday afternoon , the situation was "  under control , " military spokesman Asim Bajwa said . "  3 to 4 terrorists fired near ASF Camp , ran away , " Bajwa tweeted . "  No breach of fence , no Entry . Chase is on , situation under control . " Airstrikes kill 15 militants Hours before the renewed violence in Karachi , the Pakistani military launched a deadly assault targeting nine militant hideouts Tuesday . At least 15 militants were killed in the airstrikes on Khyber Agency , in tribal areas bordering Afghanistan , the Pakistani military said . A military spokesman said he could not confirm whether the airstrikes were directly related or in response to the violence at Karachi 's airport earlier this week . But it 's those kinds of attacks that the Pakistani Taliban warned would spur more violence from their end . When the TTP claimed responsibility for Sunday 's airport attack , it called on the government to end airstrikes -- or face more attacks like the Karachi airport terror attack . Apparently , the TTP followed through with its promise . History of terror The Pakistani Taliban , formally known as Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan , has long conducted an insurgency against the Pakistani government . "  Their primary target is the Pakistani state and its military , " said Raza Rumi of the Jinnah Institute , a Pakistani think tank . "  It resents the fact that  Pakistan  has an alliance with the West , and it wants Sharia to be imposed in Pakistan . " The U.S. Justice Department charged Mehsud in 2010 for his alleged involvement in a 2009 bombing at the United States ' Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan . The attack killed seven U.S. citizens , including five CIA officers and a member of Jordanian intelligence . Mehsud took over from Baitullah Mehsud , a fellow clan member , in 2009 after the latter was killed in a U.S. drone strike . Four years later , Hakimullah Mehsud suffered the same fate . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Karachi ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Khushbu Shah and journalists Saleem Mehsud and Zahir Shah also contributed to this report .	The situation near Jinnah International Airport is under control , military spokesman says Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility for both attacks in Karachi this week The latest assault targeted the Airport Security Forces academy near the airport Hours before Tuesday 's attack , Pakistan 's military said it killed 15 militants in airstrikes
Washington  CNN  -- The deaths of five infants and more than 70 reports of children nearly falling out of a popular infant recliner have the federal government looking to stop the sales and manufacture of the product . The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced Wednesday it filed an administrative complaint against Baby Matters , LLC , after discussions with the company and its representatives seeking a voluntary recall plan broke down . The recliners , manufactured by Baby Matters , LLC , based in Berwyn , Pennsylvania , include the Nap Nanny and Nap Nanny Chill infant models . The CPSC alleges parents who continue to use the products are putting their infants at significant risk of injury and death . "  My heart goes out to the parents and families of children who are injured or lose their lives in incidents associated with consumer products , " CPSC Commissioner Nancy Nord said in a statement released in conjunction with the agency 's announcement . The complaint seeks a court order requiring the company to notify the public about the defect and offer consumers a full refund . CNN contacted Baby Matters , LLC , but did not receive a response . The administrative complaint , a charging document used by the courts , is the latest in an ongoing dispute between the government and Baby Matters over the safety of the recliners . In July 2010 , Baby Matters and the CPSC issued a joint recall and refund of the company 's Nap Nanny Generation One recliner . There was one death and 22 reports of infants hanging or falling out over the side of the Nap Nanny regardless of whether parents used the harness as instructed , the CPSC said . "  I joined my colleagues in voting to issue the complaint because I believe that the legal theory described in the complaint concerning the reasonably foreseeable misuse of Baby Matters ' products deserves a thorough vetting by an administrative law judge , " Nord said . Despite design improvements , warnings and instructions to the company 's Generation Two model and Nap Nanny Chill recliner , there have been four more fatalities , the CPSC alleged . The Nap Nanny recliner is designed for sleeping , resting and playing and includes a shaped foam base with an inclined indentation for the baby to sit and a fitted fabric cover with a three-point harness , the CPSC said . Five thousand Nap Nanny Generation One and 50,000 Generation Two models were sold between 2009 and early 2012 and have been discontinued . One hundred thousand Chill models have been sold since January 2011 , according to the CPSC . All were priced around $ 130 . Read more : ` Bounce house ' injuries skyrocketing	The recliners include the Nap Nanny and Nap Nanny Chill infant models The government wants to stop sales and manufacture of the products The recliners ' manufacturer did not respond to CNN Five infant deaths have been linked to the recliners , the government says
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. officials warn the threat posed by a lone gunman or a group with small arms is a serious concern to law enforcement . A joint intelligence bulletin issued by the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI cites the July attack in Norway as one very deadly example . Anders Behring Breivik allegedly shot and killed 69 people on the Norwegian island of Utoya . Authorities say earlier that day a vehicle bomb made by Breivik exploded in Oslo and killed eight people . The U.S. law enforcement bulletin issued Tuesday warns Breivik 's preparations went undetected . The memo , which was obtained by CNN , says Breivik "  is believed to have acted alone and used legal methods to procure the vast majority of materials and weapons needed for his operation , successfully avoiding law enforcement suspicion . " In an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday , President Barack Obama expressed concerned about lone wolf actors "  being able to carry out wide-scale massacres of the sort that we saw in Norway . " He called the lone wolf worry "  the most likely scenario that we have to guard against right now . " A law enforcement official told CNN the alert sent to state and local law enforcement was a "  cautionary kind of thing " and was not the result of intelligence concerning a possible upcoming attack . The official noted the upcoming 10th anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks , but quickly added law enforcement is always worried about catching lone actors before they strike . The document lays out the singular challenge for law enforcement presented by lone wolves : "  Attacks by lone offenders -- which by definition lack co-conspirators , and therefore provide fewer opportunities for detection -- may be more difficult for law enforcement and homeland security authorities to disrupt . " Transportation Security Administration chief John Pistole says the lone wolf scenario remains a concern , and intelligence is the "  best tool " to prevent it . "  There are a number of trip wires in place around the country that the FBI and others have , state and local police . Those are the best opportunities to detect and deter a possible terrorist . That being said there are those individuals -- lone wolves that I referred to -- that do things on their own , " Pistole told CNN . Speaking before the U.S. Chamber of Commerce at a "  See Something , Say Something " public awareness event on Wednesday , Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said , "  We 're seeing smaller plots using a variety of techniques ... we 're also seeing the rise of activities by individuals who are actually in the country . And they 're acting by themselves . And that kind of attack is the most difficult to prevent . " However , the United States has had success detecting lone wolf plots . The bulletin points to the July 27 arrest of an AWOL soldier named Naser Abdo who allegedly wanted to attack soldiers at gathering spots near Fort Hood in Texas . The document says law enforcement found bomb-making materials in Abdo 's hotel room but law enforcement was alerted in time to avert an attack thanks to a warning from a gun store employee who found Abdo 's behavior suspicious . But another plot involving Fort Hood was not detected , which resulted in tragic consequences . In November 2009 , Army Maj. Nidal Hasan allegedly opened fire in a center where soldiers were preparing to deploy overseas . Armed with two pistols , Hasan allegedly killed 13 people and wounded more than 30 others . The bulletin also warns terrorist groups overseas "  have long favored small unit assault tactics , in which small teams of operatives storm a target using small arms to defeat security . " U.S. officials say they have found "  no information indicating transnation terrorists have attempted to execute a small-unit assault operation in the homeland . " But the document lists two homegrown plots that were disrupted . One involved six people found guilty of plotting to attack a military base at Fort Dix , New Jersey . A second one listed by DHS and FBI officials concerns two men who allegedly wanted to strike at a Military Entrance Processing Station in Seattle . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Homeland Security cites the July attack in Norway in its bulletin Its alert called "  cautionary " The Fort Hood attack was also cited
Top lawmakers agreed to $ 1.1 trillion government funding bill late Tuesday , just two days before federal agencies are due to run out of money . The negotiating breakthrough likely means the government will stay open as usual , avoiding a potential shutdown . The release of the bill was held up until late Tuesday night as negotiators haggled over a series of controversial policy provisions . "  This bill fulfills our constitutional duty to fund the government , preventing damage from shutdown politics that are bad for the economy , cost jobs and hurt middle class families , " said Maryland Sen. Barbara Mikulski , a Democrat , and Kentucky Rep. Hal Rogers , a Republican , in a joint statement . "  While not everyone got everything they wanted , such compromises must be made in a divided government , " they said . RELATED : Lawmakers hustle to make last-minute spending agreement The measure bars the District of Columbia from using any money to implement a law the city recently passed to legalize the recreational use of marijuana . Many Democrats on Capitol Hill maintain that Washington city leaders should be able to carry out a policy voters supported , but Congress has authority over the city 's finances . One of the provisions will allow for increased political donations , specifically the amount donors can give to national parties to help fund conventions , building funds and legal proceedings , such as recounts . Rather just giving the current cap of $ 32,400 , donors would be able to give up to $ 97,200 for each of those actions -- for a total of $ 324,000 annually , according to Adam Smith , communications director for Public Campaign , a nonpartisan group that supports campaign finance reform . The talks also yielded a compromise on a school lunch program championed by first lady Michelle Obama . The spending bill includes a measure that gives local school districts some flexibility on how they enforce nutrition standards for whole grain items on menus . Some Democrats are already expressing opposition to a provision that repeals what they view as a key financial regulation that was part of a package of reforms for Wall Street banks . The spending bill does away with a rule that prevented banks from using funds backed by taxpayers to trade derivatives , which they argue contributed to the financial collapse in 2008 . Republicans fought to include a series of provisions to bar the Environmental Protection Agency from enforcing some environmental regulations , but many of those were not included in the final bill . The resolution of many of these policy issues is critical to the bill 's prospects for passing the House and Senate . With a sizeable bloc of House conservatives vowing to oppose the bill because they do n't think it goes far enough to block the President 's executive actions on immigration , GOP leaders are relying on Democrats to help pass the bill . The top Democrat on the House Appropriations panel , Rep. Nita Lowey of New York , said , "  I strongly oppose several policy riders included in this final agreement , but I am pleased Democrats were able to eliminate many of the most damaging provisions . " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi was non-committal on whether she would back the bill , but released a statement saying she would discuss it with fellow Democrats , adding that she is "  hopeful . " The House is expected to vote on Thursday . Separately , House GOP leaders are crafting a bill that extends current funding levels for a just couple of days . The House is expected to approve that measure as a backup plan to avoid a shutdown -- in case the Senate is unable to approve the broader spending bill before the deadline at midnight on Thursday . The deal also includes emergency funding to combat the spread of Ebola both in the United States and overseas and provides additional money the Obama administration requested to fight the terror group ISIS by supporting the training and equipping of Syrian rebel groups .	Lawmakers agree to a $ 1.1 trillion spending package to keep the most of the government funded through 2015 Republicans and Democrats squabbled over policy provisions to be included in the bill The measure must pass by Thursday to avoid a government shutdown
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's husband wo n't comply with a subpoena issued by state lawmakers investigating her firing of Alaska 's public safety commissioner , the McCain-Palin campaign said Thursday . Gov. Sarah Palin has refused to cooperate with an inquiry into the firing of her public safety commissioner . A state Senate committee is scheduled to meet Friday to take statements from the 12 people they subpoenaed last week , including Todd Palin . But McCain-Palin spokeswoman Maria Comella said Todd Palin would not face a "  fair hearing " before the Senate Judiciary Committee . The campaign has stepped up its attacks on the Legislature 's investigation of Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan 's firing in the past week , saying the governor wo n't cooperate with an inquiry that it says is "  tainted " by partisan politics . In a new twist , Comella said Alaska state law bars ethics investigations of people running for elected office . "  That law was passed to insulate legislative investigations from exactly the kind of political maneuvering we are seeing in this inquiry , " she said . One Judiciary Committee member said lawmakers would have little recourse if witnesses refused to comply with the subpoenas . Only the full Senate , which does not reconvene until January , can vote to hold them in contempt , state Sen. Bill Wielechowski said . "  It appears that the McCain campaign is now very heavily involved in this , and they 're attempting to stonewall the investigation , " Wielechowski , a Democrat , said just before Thursday 's announcement . The law campaign officials cited appears to apply to candidates for state office , while Sarah Palin is seeking a federal job . But another campaign spokesman , Taylor Griffin , said the subpoenas violate "  the spirit of the law , if not the letter . " In addition , state Attorney General Talis Colberg told lawmakers Tuesday that state employees would n't comply with subpoenas because the governor "  has declined to participate " in the inquiry . Colberg said Sarah Palin 's refusal puts them in the position "  of having to choose where their loyalties lie . " Watch how the trooper probe has become political " The governor originally pledged to cooperate with the state Legislature 's investigation of her July dismissal of Monegan . Since his firing , Monegan has accused Palin of trying to pressure him into firing her former brother-in-law , a state trooper who had been involved in an acrimonious divorce from the governor 's sister . Palin has said Monegan was dismissed over budget disagreements and denies any wrongdoing . Since becoming Sen. John McCain 's running mate , she has argued that the investigation belongs before the state Personnel Board , whose members are appointed by the governor , though its current three members were appointed by her predecessor . The resistance was fueled by remarks made in early September by Judiciary Committee Chairman Hollis French , a Democrat . In an interview with ABC News , French said the investigation -- which had been scheduled to wrap up at the end of October -- could present an "  October surprise " for the GOP ticket . Palin initially denied that anyone in her administration or family had pressed for action against her former brother-in-law , Mike Wooten , whom she has branded a "  rogue trooper . " But in August , just two weeks before her nomination , she acknowledged that members of her staff had contacted Monegan 's office nearly two dozen times about the trooper and suspended one aide whose February call to a state police lieutenant on the matter was tape-recorded . And Todd Palin was a "  principal critic " of Wooten and had "  many contacts " with Department of Public Safety officials about his status , Stephen Branchflower , the former prosecutor hired by the state Legislature to investigate the firing , told lawmakers last week . The controversy has led to more scrutiny of Todd Palin 's role in his wife 's administration . Documents released during the Monegan inquiry suggest that the oil-rig worker and champion snowmobile racer , nicknamed the "  first dude , " has been copied in on e-mails on numerous issues ranging from public criticism of the governor to meetings with corporate leaders . But Palin spokeswoman Meg Stapleton said Todd Palin 's role in the administration "  has not been inappropriate . " "  His role is that he has been in and out of meetings that were appropriate , " Stapleton said .	Todd Palin wo n't comply with lawmakers ' subpoenas , McCain camp says Lawmakers are investigating firing of former Alaska public safety commissioner Spokeswoman says law bars ethics inquiries of candidates Leader of investigation says it will continue until otherwise ordered
HLNtv.com  -- An Ohio man who confessed in a viral video that he killed a man while driving drunk kept his word Wednesday , pleading guilty to aggravated vehicular homicide and driving under the influence . Matthew Cordle , 22 , appeared in a Columbus , Ohio as he told Franklin County Common Pleas Court Judge David Fais that he wanted to change his original plea , entered on September 11 , from not guilty to guilty . "  Yes , your honor , " said Cordle , confirming his plea to the judge . Fais asked Cordle , who wore handcuffs and a khaki jail uniform at the hearing , multiple times about his decision-making on June 22 , the date of the accident . Cordle told the judge he did not remember the events of that night because he "  blacked out " from drinking too much . Cordle also told Fais that he has not drunk alcohol since the night of the accident , and he attended a two-week alcohol rehabilitation program . Cordle made headlines after a video was posted to YouTube on September 3 in which he confessed to driving while drunk and killing 61-year-old Vincent Canzani . In the video , he promised he would plead guilty and "  take full responsibility for everything I 've done to Vincent and his family . " He also begged people watching the video not to drink and drive . Several days after the video appeared , Cordle surrendered to authorities and was charged for his involvement in the wrong-way crash . Canzani was driving a Jeep when he was struck by a wrong-way driver on Interstate 670 near Columbus , according to the Columbus Dispatch . Fais said in court Monday that he had not seen the video of Cordle 's confession . Cordle will be sentenced October 10 . Ron O'Brien , the attorney who is prosecuting the case , told CNN that Cordle faces a maximum sentence of 8Â 1/2 years in prison for his charges . Opinion : Online confessions -- morally admirable , legally damaging YouTube confession : Sincere or slick manipulation ?	NEW : Sentencing is scheduled for October 10 NEW : Matthew Cordle faces a maximum 8Â 1/2 - year sentence , prosecutor says Cordle , 22 , changes his original plea of not guilty in the June 22 incident In an online video , Cordle said he was driving drunk and killed a 61-year-old man
CNN  -- The most comprehensive cybersecurity legislation proposed by Congress , which sponsors say would have helped protect the government and industry from potentially devastating cyberattacks , was voted down in the Senate Thursday . The Cybersecurity Act of 2012 would have given the government the three legislative elements it needs to fend off cyberattacks , according to John Brennan , assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism . Those are new threat-information-sharing between the government and private industry , better protection of critical infrastructure such as the power grid and water filtration facilities , and authority for the Department of Homeland Security to unite federal resources to lead the government 's cybersecurity team . Sens. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , and Susan Collins , R-Maine , introduced the bill . "  This is a moment of disappointment that I really can not conceal , " Lieberman said after the vote . "  But the threat of cyberattack is so real , so urgent and so clearly growing that I am not going to be petulant about this . " On a telephone conference all with reporters Wednesday , Brennan and with other administration officials urged Congress to pass the bill . "  The risks to our nation are real and immediate , " Brennan said , adding that the White House did n't see the legislation as a partisan issue , but rather a matter of national security . Republicans opposed to the bill argued that the cybersecurity standards that would have been put in place allow for too much government regulation . "  How can the Senate ignore these repeated warnings from the experts of how at risk our national security , our economic prosperity , and indeed our American way of life it is , " Collins asked . "  It just is incomprehensible to me that we would not proceed to this bill . There certainly is plenty of blame to go around . " Congress begins its August recess Friday , making it very unlikely that cybersecurity legislation will be voted on again before next year .	The bill would have given the government three paths to fend off cyberattacks Sen. Lieberman : "  This is a moment of disappointment that I really can not conceal " Opponents argued it would have allowed too much government intervention
TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- Some Florida minimum-security inmates want to know : Can you handle the heat ? Inmates work with peppers at the Hillsborough County Jail in Tampa , Florida . Hot sauce heat , that is -- Jail House Fire Hot Sauce , cooked up by inmates at the Hillsborough County Jail and now offered for sale . The idea to make Jail House Fire Hot Sauce came from a Cuban former inmate who thought food in the big house was bland . Allen Boatman , the head of the jail 's horticulture program , remembers what his former trusty said : "  We 're growing these peppers . Why do n't we use them ? " Peppers are grown as part of the jail 's horticulture program , which is voluntary and offered only to minimum-security trusties . The inmates learn about growing plants , ornamentals , trees , herbs and vegetables -- including more than 1,200 varieties of peppers . "  I thought that was a great idea , so I started doing research on some of the recipes , " says Boatman . The research led to a variety of hot sauces that can be bought for $ 7 a bottle at the jail in Tampa , Florida , or online at www.jailhousefire.org . There are three different sauces for sale : Coming soon is a fourth sauce : Misdemeanor . Watch the inmates at work on hot sauce " Orders for the Jail House Fire sauces have come in from as far away as Germany , England and even Australia . The inmates make no money from this product . The money goes back into an inmate fund that pays for things like the greenhouse where the peppers are grown . The horticulture program pays for itself , says Boatman , so no taxpayer money is used . Several times a year the program hosts a sale of its ornamentals , shrubs and trees , and the locals turn up to support the program . The money raised is used to purchase necessities like fertilizer and soil . A green thumb is not the only thing that inmate and program member Deline is developing , he says . "  We learn a lot about professionalism , respect , teamwork , ya know -- all that helps , " Deline says . And working in the fields is good for the inmates ' self-worth , Boatman says . "  They actually see something growing that they 've been involved in . It gives them a lot of sense of pride and accomplishment , " says Boatman . "  Possibly that 'll give them some momentum when they are released to go and get a job and start being a productive member of society . " Boatman does n't just wish his trusties a good future ; he gives them an opportunity . When the inmates are released , they are given a certificate of completion in vocational horticulture . This certificate comes from the school board , with no mention of the program behind bars . Deline hopes this will work in his favor when he starts looking for a job . "  Florida is full of a lot of landscaping -LSB- and -RSB- landscaping companies , a lot of nursery companies , " Deline says . "  Maybe I can use the experience to better myself in the future . "	Florida minimum-security jail raises peppers , uses them in hot sauce Three inmate-produced sauces available : "  Original , " "  Smoke " and "  No Escape " Proceeds from sale of sauces goes back into jail 's horticulture program Jail program also teaches job skills to soon-to-be-released inmates
Mashable  -- Napster co-founder and Facebook founding president Sean Parker lashed out at the movie "  The Social Network " at a conference in Europe Sunday , calling it "  a complete work of fiction . " As you can see in this video  skip to 5:20  , Parker admires the production values of the film , but objects to the way his character was portrayed . He particularly dislikes the scene where he writes a check to Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin : "  The part of the movie that frustrated me is actually the scene at the end where the character played by Justin Timberlake -- who happens to have my name -- basically writes a check to Eduardo -- who I 'm also , I consider Eduardo a friend of mine , and I 'm one of the few people at Facebook who still interacts with Eduardo -- and throws it in his face and has security escort him out of the building . "  And I mean , that 's just rude . This guy in the movie is a morally reprehensible human being . " Parker made the remarks in an on-stage interview at the DLD Conference 2011 in Munich , which started Sunday . In an interview with Mashable three months ago , Zuckerberg would n't say whether he liked the film or not , but thought its audience size was minuscule compared with Facebook 's : "  We build products that 500 million people see ... If 5 million people see a movie , it does n't really matter that much . " © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Sean Parker is the Napster founder and Facebook founding president Parker lashes out at the movie "  The Social Network " at a European conference Parker admires production values , but objects to the way his character was portrayed
CNN  -- The U.S. , European Union and international security organizations Friday called for an end to fighting between Georgia and militant separatists that has dragged in Russian forces . Russia 's Channel 1 shows heavy tanks purported to be on their way to South Ossetia . President George Bush and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin discussed the conflict in Georgia , the White House confirmed . Both men were attending the opening of the Summer Olympics in the Chinese capital and spoke during a luncheon hosted by Chinese President Hu Jintao . White House spokesman Tony Fratto did not provide any additional details . But Putin , according to his spokesman , said : "  There are lots of volunteers being gathered in the region , and it 's very hard to withhold them from taking part . A real war is going on . " White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said : "  I want to reiterate on -LSB- President Bush 's -RSB- behalf that the United States supports Georgia 's territorial integrity and we call for an immediate cease fire . "  We urge all parties , Georgians , South Ossetians and Russians to de-escalate the tension and avoid conflict . We are working on mediation efforts to secure a cease fire and we are urging the parties to restart their dialogue . " The U.S. military was also reviewing plans for the possible evacuation of the more than 2,000 of its citizens in the Republic of Georgia , two military officials said Friday . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told his counterparts in the United States and Germany and the European Union 's foreign policy chief that Georgia was the aggressor and should immediately withdraw its troops from South Ossetia . The EU and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  OSCE  are sending envoys to Georgia to secure a cease-fire , but a senior U.S. State Department official said the United States would only send a representative after a cease-fire is in place . The European Union said it was working with other parties "  towards a ceasefire in order to prevent further escalation of this conflict . " EU spokeswoman Christina Gallach told CNN : "  We think it is not acceptable to see these scenes of bloodshed and destruction . " OSCE chairman-in-office , Finnish Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb , said : "  The intense fighting in the South Ossetian conflict zone risks escalation into a full-fledged war . "  War would have a devastating impact for the entire region . I urge the Georgians , South Ossetians and Russians to cease fire , end military action and stop further escalation . We need to pull back from the brink of a full-fledged war . " NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer issued a statement Friday saying he was seriously concerned about the recent events in the region , and he called on all sides to end armed clashes and begin direct talks . Watch more about NATO 's attempts to help Georgia " Carmen Romero , a NATO spokeswoman in Brussels , said NATO was in regular contact with Georgia 's president and was talking to Russia . Britain also urged all sides to bring an immediate end to the violence . "  We are monitoring developments . We urge an immediate cease-fire in the fighting in South Ossetia and for a resumption of direct dialogue between all parties . " Georgia , formerly part of the Soviet Union , is now looking west and has ambitions of joining NATO . South Ossetia has longed for and sometimes fought for independence since the 1920s when the Soviet Government made it an autonomous region within Georgia . After the collapse of the Soviet Union , Georgia broke away from Moscow in 1991 and South Ossetia voted overwhelmingly for its own independence . Violence has been mounting in the region in recent days , with sporadic clashes between Georgian forces and South Ossetian separatists . Georgian troops launched new attacks in South Ossetia late Thursday after a top government official said a unilateral cease-fire offer was met with separatist artillery fire . An emergency session of the U.N. Security Council on Friday discussed the dramatic escalation of violence . The session ended Friday morning without a statement about the fighting . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	International organizations call for end to fighting in breakaway Georgia region Fighting in South Ossetia escalated Friday ; Russian tanks moved to the region President Bush : The United States supports Georgia 's territorial integrity Georgia , formerly part of the Soviet Union , now has ambitions of joining NATO
CNN  -- A Siberian Tiger mauled a man Monday morning after he and a friend scaled the fence of the Calgary Zoo and pressed up against the tiger cage , zoo officials said . Two-year-old Vitali is normally one of the more laid back tigers , zoo officials said Monday . "  The information we have is that while his injuries appear not to be life-threatening . They are , however , quite serious , " Graham Netwon , the zoo 's director and chief financial officer , said at a news conference Monday . Officials said two men scaled the zoo 's 8-foot perimeter fence , which also is covered in barbed wire , about 1 a.m. Monday morning . The two 27-year-old men , who were not identified , then headed toward the tiger cage , where they scaled a safety fence meant to keep the public away . The two men never entered the cage , but stood in between the safety fence and another fence meant to "  keep the tigers in " when they startled a 2-year-old Siberan tiger named Vitali . Watch Vitali inside the zoo enclosure " Vitali "  has a fairly significant armament at his disposal : very sharp claws , " said Dr. Sandie Black , the zoo 's head veterinarian . Once the tiger was startled , he probably clawed one of the men , officials said . "  My guess would be that the gentleman was hooked by a claw and the arm dragged in and then continued to be attacked from that point , " Black said during the news conference . The second man then struggled to help his friend escape the tiger 's grasp , officials said . The tiger was likely trying to protect itself , officials added . "  He 's perfectly fine . A tiger is a carnivore , so they 're going to behave naturally , and that 's his natural reaction , " zoo curator Tim Sinclair-Smith said . "  Vitali has certainly done nothing wrong here . It 's his natural behavior , " Sinclair-Smith said . Vitali will remain in the exhibit . The tiger had not previously attacked any people , Black said . "  In the normal course of a day , Vitali is one our most laid-back cats , I would say , " Black added . Calgary Police Department Acting Staff Sgt. Rick Halford said authorities were investigating the case and will decide whether to pursue charges against either man . Zoo officials and police said they had no idea what the motive was for breaking into the zoo , or nearing the tiger cage . "  There 's no indication that the two offenders were involved in anything other than just being silly , I suppose , " Halford said .	Men scaled perimeter fence , safety fence in front of tiger cage , officials said Man suffers serious injuries , but not life threatening , after attack Officials believe man was hooked by tiger 's claw after pressing up against cage Curator : "  Vitali has certainly done nothing wrong here . It 's his natural behavior "
Washington  CNN  -- Grimacing with emotion , entertainment legend Mickey Rooney implored a Senate committee on Wednesday to stop what experts call chronic emotional , physical , sexual and financial abuse of elderly Americans by family members and other caregivers . The 90-year-old Rooney told the Senate Special Committee on Aging that he was abused by a family member who took control of his life , and described feeling "  scared , disappointed , yes , and angry . " "  You ca n't believe that it 's happening to you , " Rooney said . "  You feel overwhelmed . " Rooney has filed a restraining order against his stepson and stepdaughter , claiming both emotional and financial abuse . The committee 's hearing brought attention to what experts call chronic elder abuse in America . Rooney said Congress should pass a law to make it a specific crime . "  I 'm asking you to stop this elderly abuse . I mean to stop it . Now . Not tomorrow , not next month , but now , " he shouted from the witness table . Pass legislation and send it to be signed into law by President Barack Obama , he urged , so that the nation can say "  it 's a crime and we will not allow it in the United States of America . " Following the hearing , committee Chairman Sen. Herb Kohl , D-Wisconsin , introduced legislation that would create an Office of Elder Justice within the Department of Justice to help coordinate law enforcement response to elder abuse . According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , more than 14 % of noninstitutionalized older adults experienced some form of elder abuse in 2009 . The report cautions that number may be lower than the reality because many instances of elder abuse are underreported . "  For years I suffered silently . I did n't want to tell anybody . I could n't muster the courage and you have to have courage , " Rooney said Wednesday . "  I needed help and I knew I needed it . Even when I tried to speak up , I was told to shut up and be quiet . " The GAO report found that many Adult Protective Service programs at the state level have growing case loads and dwindling resources . The elder population of the United States is expected to grow by 60 % over the next 25 years . Other witnesses detailed the depth of the problem . "  I tell the physicians I train that if they 've seen 15 or 20 older people in their practices ... then they have probably met an elder abuse victim , whether they realize it or not , " said Dr. Mark Lachs , director of geriatrics at the New York Presbyterian Health System . Based on a new study of elder abuse in New York state , "  it would appear that for every elder abuse victim that makes it into an official service or reporting system , another 23 to 24 go undetected , " Lachs said . Marie-Therese Connolly , director of the group Life Long Justice , told of a man charged by prosecutors in Seattle with murdering his mother . "  His crime ? Letting her rot to death with eight huge pressure sores , several to the bone , while he played internet poker and lived off her pension , " Connolly said . "  His excuse ? She did n't want to go to a nursing home or a doctor ; he was just respecting her wishes . " According to Connolly , the woman was "  imprisoned in her bed by immobility , dementia and isolation . " "  She moaned and cried out for help continuously in the weeks before her death , " Connolly said . "  Neighbors closed their windows and her son put in earplugs to muffle her cries . No one called Adult Protective Services or 911 . It 's hard to believe the response would have been the same had the cries come from a child , a younger woman or a dog . " The witnesses noted that victims of elder abuse put a greater strain on support services by requiring more medical care , housing assistance and other help . Rooney summed up the challenge when he spoke of the personal difficulty that victims of elder abuse face . "  You 're afraid , but you 're also thinking about your other family members , " he said , noting concern about potential criticism from "  your family , your friends , people who know them . " "  They might not want to accept the dysfunction , " Rooney said , adding that "  one should love their families as I do . I love my family . " The diminutive Rooney has been a film star for decades , starting with his role in Andy Hardy films in the 1930s . CNN 's Sally Holland contributed to this story .	NEW : Rooney says he "  suffered silently " for years 90-year-old entertainment legend gives emotional testimony The committee is examining the chronic problem of elder abuse Witnesses tell heartbreaking stories of abuse of senior citizens
Walland , Tennessee  CNN  Jim Sanford and his dog Tom poked around the hazelnut grove on Blackberry Farm , a 9,200-acre luxury resort set in the foggy foothills of Tennessee , one Wednesday morning in December . They were on the hunt again , though not for deer or waterfowl or the usual Tennessee fare . The man and his curly-haired dog were searching for something fancier : Tuber melanosporum or black Périgord truffles . Black truffles are one of the most sought after  and expensive  delicacies in the world . Often referred to as a "  black diamond , " the subterranean fungus can retail for $ 1,000 a pound or cost a diner upward of $ 75 extra for a simple shaving on a dish of creamy pasta or slow-scrambled eggs . Sanford and Tom 's morning hunt proved fruitless . But the pair has had better luck than most sniffing out truffles on American soil -- a relatively new and wholly unpredictable ground for cultivation . "  This is not something where you just plant your trees and wait for your fortune to grow , " Sanford said as Tom trotted behind him . Truffles are a funny fungus ; they grow underground , typically among hazelnut and oak trees , and keep most of their secrets there with them . There is a primitive understanding of the climactic and soil conditions required for the fungus to flourish , but cultivation methods are far from foolproof . Stateside , those practices are in their infancy . Chefs such as Lachlan Mackinnon-Patterson of Frasca Food & Wine in Boulder , Colorado , certainly would n't mind sourcing truffles closer to home . He hosts an annual truffle dinner series and features them prominently in dishes when in season . Every year , he buys domestic truffles from budding regions like the Pacific Northwest , but the quality is n't as reliable as he 'd like it to be . "  We 're counting down the minutes , " he said with a hopeful tone . "  Once it clicks , whether it 's Blackberry or someone else , once there 's a tipping point , it will really blow up . " Enthusiasts describe the truffle 's olfactory Siren song , which is part of its allure , as "  dank , " "  earthy , " "  musky , " "  pungent " -- the gist is its aroma and taste are unparalleled . "  It transforms an otherwise ordinary dish into something very extraordinary , " Sanford said . Different types of truffles are found all over the world , but the Périgord and white variety from Alba , Italy , are the top dogs of the gastronomic set . The elusive truffle hunt is often romanticized : Man and beast wander into the woods of southwest France with a shovel and a calling . A bird chips , a breeze flows and the storybook closes with "  happily ever after . " If only it were that simple . Until recently , the black truffle had been solely imported to the United States . Less than 100 miles away from Blackberry Farm -- in Chuckey , Tennesee , of all places -- that began to change around 2007 . It all started with another Tom . Tom Michaels , who grew up mushroom hunting and wrote his Ph.D. dissertation at Oregon State University on black truffle cultivation , set his eyes on eastern Tennessee to try out his fungal knowhow in 1999 . As if the truffle business does n't sound risky enough , it takes about six to 10 years for a tree with roots that have been inoculated with truffle spores to potentially produce a truffle . The season for harvesting runs three months from December to February . "  I 'll have done everything to two trees next to each other , and one will have truffles and one wo n't , " Michaels said . Luckily for Michaels , something clicked . Soon , he showed up at the kitchen of Blackberry Farm 's restaurants with his basket of epicurean delights and a brochure for Tennessee truffles , though it was only his third sale . The first question from proprietor Sam Beall : "  How come I did n't know about this ? " Beall and Michaels teamed up to seed and sniff out truffles locally . Enter the four-legged Tom , who was sourced by local breeder Hilarie Gibbs-Sykes from Italy to simplify the hunt . Sanford , a Blackberry employee for 14-plus years who had previously run the resort 's horse program , was recruited to handle the truffle-hunting canine . At the height of Michaels 's truffle business , Tom helped haul in 200 pounds in one season . "  It was a thousand dollars a pound so if you do the arithmetic , that 's a good dog , " Sanford said . In 2009 , Michaels and his product were written up in GQ magazine , where food writer Alan Richman called it the "  hillbilly truffle . " Two years earlier , storied New York Times food writer Molly O'Neill devoted an entire column titled "  Coveted , French , and Now in Tennessee " to his endeavors . If we know anything about agriculture , though , it 's that Mother Nature holds the reins . Michaels ' hazelnut trees were hit with blight after his initial success , and he had to start over with a new blight-resistant variety . "  You have to have a temperament that can deal with a lot of anxiety for many years , " Michaels , 67 , said . Last year , Michaels yielded about 60 pounds on his land and sold the majority off to hyper-local ingredient-focused chefs such as Sean Brock in Charleston , South Carolina , and Linton Hopkins in Atlanta . This year , after a series of unseasonable cold snaps , and only a few days left in the season , he has n't unearthed any truffles of sellable quality . "  Mother nature took its course , " Michaels said with the matter-of-factness of someone who has been here before . Back at Blackberry Farm , Sanford 's pin that read "  Truffle Dog Trainer " reflected the sun as he crouched beneath a tree to dig up a truffle-scented practice tube that Tom found . On the days when there is n't any luck , training is a commitment to the cause . Blackberry found only one Périgord truffle last winter on its property . If it seems like a wild goose chase , that 's because it is . But Tom is a Lagotto Romagnolo ; he not only enjoys the chase -- it 's in his DNA . According to the American Kennel Club , Tom 's breed is the only one recognized as a "  specialized truffle searcher . " "  We would n't be talking about any of this if it was n't for Tom , " Sanford said . "  He has really put everything we 're talking about in cultivating truffles in North America on the map . " Working like a dog at a Long Island vineyard Now 13 years old , Tom is passing the baton through his bloodline by breeding and sharing his skills . He and Sanford travel around the country to help train other canines in areas like Oregon with an eye on the truffle prize . At Blackberry and every where else , they 're hoping it 's not a matter of if , but when , a consistent yield will happen . As they say , every dog will have its day .	American truffle production is in its infancy Tom the truffle dog from Tennessee has led the pack in truffle hunting The Tennessee truffle yield spiked years ago and has been inconsistent since
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Senate subcommittee Tuesday tackled one of the most contentious issues in U.S. sports : the fairness of the Bowl Championship Series that decides the top college football team each season . Tim Tebow , right , of the Florida Gators talks to coaches at the 2009 BCS national championship game January 8 . Convened by Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah , the hearing by the Antitrust , Competition Policy and Consumer Rights subcommittee provided a sounding board for his state 's disappointment over the inability of the undefeated University of Utah to qualify for the BCS national championship game last January . The BCS operates under an agreement among the major college football conferences that decides which teams qualify for the biggest bowl games each season , including the national championship game . It also distributes the revenue generated by the bowl games , with the participating members taking part in more of the post-season matches and taking home more money . Every season brings heated debate over the bowl lineup and calls for a playoff system similar to the ones used for every other National Collegiate Athletic Association sport , including small-college football . President Obama has joined many Americans in expressing his preference for a playoff system to decide the nation 's top college football team . Hatch complained that the BCS system denies outsiders -- such as Utah of the Mountain West Conference -- a fair chance to compete with major conferences such as the Big 12 , Big 10 , Pacific 10 and Southeast Conference for a spot in the lucrative bowl games . Last season , he said , Utah went undefeated and gained a BCS berth in the Sugar Bowl against perennial power Alabama , which it defeated 31-17 . However , the BCS ranking system prevented Utah from any realistic chance of selection for the national championship game , which pitted two teams that each had one loss on their records , Hatch said . For schools outside what he called the "  privileged conferences , " the BCS system has "  significant and largely insurmountable obstacles to playing for a national championship , " Hatch said . University of Utah President Michael Young complained that the BCS system both stifles competition and guarantees the majority of revenue from bowl games to the traditional powers . "  If you ca n't beat them , eliminate them , " he said of BCS policy . In response , University of Nebraska-Lincoln Chancellor Harvey Perlman said the BCS system -- while imperfect -- is the only workable formula that ensures participation by major football powers such as his institution . The BCS recognizes the strength and depth of traditional programs , Perlman said , rejecting Young 's argument that Utah has no chance to improve its status . "  There realistically is something Utah could do , " Perlman said . "  They could play the schedule Nebraska played . " At the same time , Perlman said that uneven odds are part of every university 's experience at one time or another . "  It 's the same as when Nebraska walks into the NIH -LSB- National Institutes of Health -RSB- and seeks a federal grant and competes with Harvard , " he said . "  Theoretically we have the same the chance , but do we really ? " Two anti-trust experts provided conflicting testimony on whether the BCS system violates the Sherman Antitrust Act . Barry Brett of the law firm Troutman Sanders insisted the BCS holds what amounts to an illegal monopoly and "  uses this control to exclude all but its founding members -LSB- from -RSB- fair access to the competition and control of hundreds of millions of dollars . " In response , William Monts III of Hogan and Hartson noted the BCS members created the national championship game and therefore have the right to determine who participates . He also warned against seeking anti-trust relief in court , saying a ruling against the BCS would end its existence without creating an alternative . "  The peculiar irony of an anti-trust claim is that it is likely to sound the death knell for the playoff system proponents want , " Monts said .	Convened by GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah Utah went undefeated and beat Alabama in Sugar Bowl last season , noted Hatch But BCS ranking system kept Utah out of national championship game , he said Teams in championship game each had one loss on their records , Hatch noted
CNN  -- At least 34 people have died and 80 are injured in Pakistan after a powerful earthquake struck near the country 's border with Iran , sources tell CNN . Army doctors and Frontier Corps paramilitary forces are taking part in rescue efforts in Mashakel , according to a Pakistani official involved in relief efforts . Officials earlier said that dozens more were injured in both countries . Akbar Hussain Durrani , home minister of Pakistan 's Balochistan province , confirmed that six people had died and more than a dozen were injured in the province 's Washuk district . The quake injured a dozen people in southeastern Iran , authorities said . They were treated at a hospital , the Crisis Management Office of Sistan and Baluchestan province reported . No one was killed , said Reza Arbabi , the office 's director . Sistan and Baluchestan province borders Pakistan and Afghanistan . Earlier Tuesday , Iran 's semiofficial Fars news agency quoted a politician from the province as saying that 40 people had been killed in the earthquake . However , Arbabi and Sistan and Baluchestan Gov.-general Hatam Narouie disputed that there were deaths . Fars later quoted Narouie as saying , "  Fortunately , the quake did not cause any deaths or serious property damage . Telephone lines are now working , and water and electricity  are  normal . " Narouie told Fars that the news outlet should rely only on information from the crisis office . Damage in Pakistan The quake destroyed more than 50 shops in the Washuk district , Durrani said . The U.S. Geological Survey said the earthquake was preliminarily measured at 7.8 magnitude . The Iranian Seismological Center said the earthquake had a magnitude of 7.5 . "  Thank God it does n't appear that there is too much destruction , " a disaster official said on a broadcast by Iran 's IRIB from the city of Khosk . The official described seeing five injured people and some cracked or collapsed walls but no sign of major damage . The Iranian Red Crescent has dispatched five assessment teams to the region , the aid group said Tuesday . Interactive map : World 's biggest earthquakes since 1900 State of emergency The epicenter of the quake , which struck about 3:15 p.m. local time , was about 50 miles  80 kilometers  north of the city of Saravan , according to the Iranian Seismological Center . A state of emergency has been declared in the Saravan area , and rescue workers have been deployed from other provinces , Iran 's state-run IRNA news agency reported . "  Our teams have been deployed to the area for the first rapid assessment , but they have not reported back yet , " said Hassan Esfandiar , head of communications for the Iranian Red Crescent . The area is rural and sparsely populated , leading to hopes that casualty figures may not climb much higher . Carrieann Bedwell , a USGS seismologist , said a 7.8-magnitude quake was "  a large event for any area " and could be expected to cause damage in inhabited places . No effects have been reported on any nuclear plants in the region . The earthquake caused no damage to Bushehr nuclear power facility in Iran , the Iran Nuclear Regulatory Authority told the International Atomic Energy Association . Interactive : Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes Aftershocks can be expected for days or weeks after a quake of that magnitude , she said . The USGS placed the epicenter 53 miles east-southeast of Khash , 103 miles northeast of Iranshahr and 123 miles southeast of Zahedan . It initially said the quake had a depth of 15 kilometers  9.3 miles  but later revised that to 82 kilometers  51 miles . Shafiq Ahmed , an official with Pakistan 's meteorological department , said the tremor , which he put at magnitude 7.9 , struck inside southern Iran , near the border with Pakistan . Tremors were felt in southern Pakistan , including the city of Karachi , and across Balochistan province from Gwadar on the southern coast to Quetta and the border with Iran . ` Children were crying ' Taghi Akhavan , an employee at Shaygan Hotel on the Iranian resort island of Kish , said he felt the quake about 3:30 p.m. local time . He said several guests also reported feeling what they described as a mild tremor , but the hotel did not evacuate guests . He said he has not seen any damage . Journalist Rabia Ali was among those to feel the quake in Karachi . "  I was at home . I was in my bed , and the bed started moving for a good 15 seconds , " she said . "  We realized it was an earthquake , and we started evacuating . Everyone came out onto the street and started praying . The children were crying . " She said that she had not seen any damage in her neighborhood and that things have now calmed down . The earthquake was felt as far away as Abu Dhabi , where buildings shook for 40 seconds or more , but it 's not clear what damage has been caused across the region . Follow the story on CNN Arabic The lest earthquake comes on the heels of another last week in southern Iran , which left at least 37 people dead . That quake , centered near the city of Kaki , was measured at magnitude 6.3 . It did not damage the Bushehr nuclear plant , just over 60 miles away , according to Iranian state media . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Mitra Mobasherat , Brian Walker , Jo Shelley , Nasir Habib , Leone Lakhani , Saima Mohsin and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : 34 people dead ; 80 injured in Pakistan , sources say NEW : Army doctors and Frontier Corps forces working rescue efforts in Mashakel Six people dead and more than a dozen hurt in Balochistan province , Pakistani official says The USGS revises the quake 's depth to 50 miles , from initial calculation of 9.3 miles
CNN  -- After an improbable 10-year , 310-million-mile journey to become the first ever space vehicle to make a soft landing on a comet , the Philae probe may have ended its mission prematurely . Its batteries have run down , said the European Space Agency . "  Philae has fallen into ` idle mode ' for a potentially long silence . In this mode , all instruments and most systems on board are shut down , " ESA said . This might not change . Philae was supposed to transmit data from Comet 67/P for nine months as it passed the sun , running on solar power , but it did not get its place in the sunlight that scientists had hoped for . Bounce landing The probe 's landing did n't go as planned this week , after Philae detached from the Rosetta orbiter . It took two bounces away from its designated landing spot , and never fired its anchoring harpoon . "  The lander remains unanchored to the surface at an as yet undetermined orientation , " ESA said . It ended up in a shady spot of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko , ESA said , likely without enough sunlight to keep functioning . Originally , it was supposed to have seven hours of light per comet day -- which lasts just 12.4 hours . Now it is exposed only 1.5 hours a day . That 's likely not enough to juice up Philae 's rechargeable secondary battery , ESA said . There is one last hope . "  Mission controllers sent commands to rotate the lander 's main body , to which the solar panels are fixed , " ESA says in on its blog . "  This may have exposed more panel area to sunlight . " Despite its walleyed positioning , Philae transmitted data and black-and-white photos back to Earth and ESA scientists . The pictures appear to indicate it landed in some sort of shadow , possibly the shadow of a cliff . Opinion : The big lesson from comet landing Race to transmit data Philae turned on its instruments , drilling for samples , and while there was still time , transferred data . Now , the lander has fallen silent . Its operators on Earth lost contact with it early Saturday . Built by a European consortium , led by the German Aerospace Research Institute , the landing probe has 10 instruments . "  The lander  was  racing against the clock to meet as many of the core science goals as possible before the primary battery  was  exhausted , " ESA said . Its operators are satisfied with the results , and praised Philae for completing its mission slated for the comet 's surface , before it went into hibernation . Opinion : How comet mission helps in search for alien life The German space agency , which operates Philae for ESA , has taken a light-hearted approach to the battery 's impending doom , putting out witty messages on a confirmed Twitter account in Philae 's name . "  I 'm feeling a bit tired , did you get all my data ? I might take a nap , " a post read . "  So much hard work . . getting tired ... my battery voltage is approaching the limit soon now , " another read . It 's possible that the conditions may change as the comet moves closer to the sun , making it possible to charge the secondary battery . Then Philae could awaken from its deep slumber and send data and photo surprises back to Earth , ESA said . Even with the lander out of commission , the Rosetta orbiter that carried the Philae lander will continue to transmit observations of the comet . Elated scientists show off latest pics from historic comet mission Ten year voyage Rosetta took off from Earth 10 years ago , aboard an Ariane 5 rocket , and traveled 6.4 billion miles before rendezvousing with the comet in August . The Philae lander separated from the orbiting Rosetta about 3:30 a.m. ET Wednesday and first landed on the comet seven hours later . The lander weighs about 220 pounds and is the size of a domestic washing machine . The target comet is only 4 kilometers , or 2.5 miles , in diameter . The spaceship is named after the Rosetta Stone , an inscribed piece of volcanic rock found in Egypt in 1799 that allowed scientists to decipher hieroglyphics and thus understand the ancient Egyptian culture , ESA said . The lander is named after an island in the Nile River where an obelisk was found that helped decipher the Rosetta Stone , ESA said . Led by ESA with a consortium of partners including NASA , scientists on the Rosetta comet-chasing mission hoped to learn more about the composition of comets and how they interact with the solar wind : high energy particles blasted into space by the sun . Opinion : Philae 's comet landing is amazing CNN 's Ed Payne , Ashley Fantz , Fred Pleitgen and Dave Gilbert contributed to this report .	NEW : Philae 's operators satisfied that the probe completed its mission on the comet Philae 's landing did n't go as planned , leaving it in the shade , ESA says It is supposed to run on solar power , but now there 's not enough sunlight for that Philae 's primary battery was running out and is expected to be dead
CNN  -- Jet magazine will stop publishing a print edition and switch to a digital format in June , the magazine 's publisher announced Wednesday . "  We are not saying goodbye to JET . We are embracing the future as my father did in 1951 and taking it to the next level , " Linda Johnson Rice , chairman of Johnson Publishing Company , said in a statement . Rice said the African-American publication is living up to its name . "  Almost 63 years ago , my father , John Johnson , named the publication JET because , as he said in the first issue , ` In the world today , everything is moving faster . There is more news and far less time to read it , ' " she said . "  He could not have spoken more relevant words today . " It 's not the first magazine to shift its focus to the online market . Newsweek ended its print edition in 2012 , but returned to newsstands this year . In December , New York magazine announced it was scaling back publication of its print edition to a biweekly format . "  As long as the  publishing  business model in the United States is based on revenues from advertising and not on circulation , we are going to see more decisions as such , " Samir Husni , a professor at the University of Mississippi who directs its Magazine Innovation Center , told CNN last year . While readers increasingly gravitate toward electronic versions of magazines on tablets and phones , magazines in print are increasingly "  collector 's items , " Husni said . Jet chronicled the civil rights movement and also became known for news , entertainment , fashion and health coverage . CNN 's Brian Stelter contributed to this report .	Jet magazine says its going digital and stopping its print edition Publisher : "  We are embracing the future " It 's not the first magazine to stop printing
Chandrapur , India  CNN  -- My latest film , "  Mary Kom " is about to hit the screens . In it , I play quite literally one of India 's strongest women -- the only woman boxer to have won a medal in each one of the six world championships . Her 's is an inspiring story of a young woman who fought odds that were heavily stacked against her to achieve her dreams . She came from a small town but never let the lack of opportunities or any form of discrimination stop her . With her story still ringing in my head , I set off to a small village near Chandrapur in India 's Maharashtra state on International Youth Day at the behest of UNICEF to visit a new generation of strong young Indian women with some very inspiring stories . The girls I met are part of the Building Young Futures program , or Deepshikha as it is locally known , run in partnership with UNICEF , Barclays and the Government of Maharashtra . The program is determined to challenge the difficulties many girls face across India , providing them with the knowledge and skills required to become strong financially independent women and also very importantly , to become the agents for change and development in their communities . Bursting with potential In my eight years as a UNICEF Ambassador championing the cause of adolescent girls , I am so proud of the work we 've been able to do together . I passionately believe that young people are bursting with potential , that they can transform society . But they need help . We need to urgently invest in their future and help them realize their potential and I am determined to help make that happen . Consider the numbers and you will see why this is such a critical requirement : There are approximately 1.2 billion adolescents in the world today , according to the United Nations , of which 243 million of them are in India . I remember the dreams I had when I was a teenager . With support , opportunities and a lot of hard work I 've been able to make them happen . But I know that many youngsters are n't so lucky . In Maharashtra , like many other states in India , girls are held back by not completing education , early marriage , ignorance around health issues , and lacking financial understanding and a voice for decision making . We owe them a better life , which in itself will have a positive impact on our nation and society as a whole . If we can educate more girls , provide them with employment opportunities and give them the right life skills , their world will open up ! Girls transformed As I sat in a circle with a group of girls playing a team game about working together and sharing responsibilities , delegating and planning , I could see the true impact of this program . Games like these , alongside Barclays volunteers sharing their financial knowledge , are what help the girls plan , set up and develop their own enterprises . At the end of the session , the girls came together to sing an anthem created especially for them about how "  they are taking charge . " I had goose pimples just listening to the power and determination in their voices . They had overcome so many hardships and yet they were ready to take on new challenges and improve the quality of life for themselves and everyone around them . I was truly inspired . I was invited to their marketplace to see the businesses some of the girls have set up with their new found business and saving skills -- making bags , saris and sanitary napkins -- each a story of a girl transformed , taking charge of her life and starting something of larger social relevance . It was a shopping trip with a difference . So what are the ingredients for a strong girl ? How can we make sure that "  all girls and boys can make their own name and fate and be independent , " as one girl told me . Here 's my list : • Teach a young adult not what to think but how to think • Encourage young people to dare to believe , to realize dreams • Foster a young girls confidence to voice her own opinions and solve her own problems • Instill an understanding of saving , money and business to become financially independent • Nurture an interest in their community so their impacts can be shared Alongside all this , add a bit of magic , encouraging the girls to share their new power and use it to do good for the community . These girls go out and teach other girls and the ripple of empowerment spreads . It 's a real , tangible , positive effect where is there for all to see . Walking along a path in this quiet village in the middle of nowhere , it is easy to see how a girl can get lost -- lost for life . I was there to meet Sadhana , 23 , who had invited me into her home . She was far from lost . One of five sisters , her parents had initially been indifferent and felt burdened by them . The girls were not expected to have a future . Her father was paralyzed and was not able to take care of the family and that 's where his young daughter stepped in . Today Sadhana provides for her parents and her family by saving and building a tailoring business herself , as well as doing much good in her village . Her strength is palpable . As I was leaving , her father told me she had become the son he never had . I replied that he did n't need a son , he already had his daughters ! Sadhana told me she learned that she "  can not do anything sitting at home , " that she must "  come out and take charge of my own destiny . " I thought that was a great message for young people everywhere on International Youth Day . With programs like Building Young Futures , these positive stories and messages will only grow in number .	Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra traveled to western India for International Youth Day She was visiting young Indian women with inspiring stories Many Indian girls are held back by issues such as not completing education , early marriage
CNN  -- Robert Redford says bigotry , fear of change and a determination to personally destroy President Barack Obama have paralyzed the U.S. government . Women and young people are the answer to fixing the gridlock that has partially shut down Washington , the actor told CNN on Tuesday . "  Give them the reins , " Redford said . "  I think they can do better than we have . " Redford , 77 , sat down with CNN 's Nischelle Turner to talk about his new film , "  All Is Lost , " which he agreed could serve as an analogy to the shutdown crisis . In the movie , Redford plays a lone sailor struggling to stay alive after his sailboat is crippled by a collision with a container ship . "  At a certain point , I think , when things really get awful , when things get really bad and all seems to be lost -- there 's no hope , there 's no possibility -- then a lot of people quit , " Redford said about his character . "  They say , ` What 's the point ? ' and they quit . And others keep going for no other reason than that . " Opinion : Men dither while women lead Redford : ` Why are these people behaving so stupidly ? ' The conversation then turned to the drama playing out in Washington , where a standoff between Obama and Republicans in Congress has forced the federal government into a partial shutdown and threatened a default on the U.S. debt . "  It 's so divided now with the people that are so narrow and so limited that they would take us back into the past , " Redford said . "  And I was trying to figure out , why are these people behaving so stupidly ? Why are they behaving so horribly that it 's crippling our whole country ? "  And I think it has to do with fear . I think it 's a group of people that are so afraid of change , and they 're so narrow-minded that some people -- when they see change coming -- get so threatened by change , they get angry and they get terrorized , and then they get vicious . I think that 's who these people are . They 're so afraid of change that they 're behaving miserably . " Obama is "  a compassionate man who ca n't function " in this political environment , Redford said . It "  is so decrepit , it is so paralyzed , and the worst of it is it is paralyzed by intention , " he said . "  There is a body of congressional people that wants to paralyze the system . I think what sits underneath it , unfortunately , is there 's probably some racism involved , which is really awful . " Obama 's opponents reject whatever he might propose "  because their determination was to destroy this person , " Redford said . "  They wanted , if it meant destroying the government , anything to keep him from succeeding . "  I think just the idea of giving credit to this President , giving him credit for anything , is abhorrent to them , so they 'll go against it . Never mind that it 's the better good of the people , never mind that they 're supposed to be in office representing the interest of the public . They 're representing their own self-interests , which is very narrow and in some cases bigoted . " America 's problem : We 're too dumb Redford : All is not lost But , unlike his latest film title , all is not lost , Redford said . He said "  something new " is starting to happen that offers hope . "  Susan Collins , who is a Republican , is saying : ` Enough of this . This is not the job I signed up for . I 've got to do something , ' " said Redford , referring to the U.S. senator from Maine . "  So she 's bringing a bipartisan group together of women . I think the future should belong more to women and young people . " Women must save the country "  because a lot of men that were in control were behaving stupidly , " Redford said . "  I mean , sometimes you say : ` Can we actually be this dumbed down , or am I actually hearing what I 'm hearing from some of these people ? Are they really , is that really happening ? ' It 's sad . " Does this mean Redford is already throwing his support behind Hillary Clinton in a 2016 White House bid ? "  No , I would n't single out one woman over another , " he said . "  I think it 's time to give more women a chance . " "  All Is Lost , " which is almost a silent movie , with its sparse dialogue , hits U.S. theaters next week . Sundance 2013 : Redford answers conservative critics CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	President Obama "  ca n't function " now in Washington , Robert Redford says The actor says some in Congress are "  crippling our whole country " Redford sat down with CNN 's Nischelle Turner to talk about his new film , "  All Is Lost " He plays a lone sailor struggling to stay alive after his sailboat is crippled by a collision
CNN  -- Weeks after a policy change that sparked privacy concerns , Google has rolled out a new feature that will give users a monthly update to help them keep track of their activity across Google 's multiple sites and tools . It 's called Account Activity , and users can receive it via e-mail with a link to a password-protected personal page . The feature was announced Wednesday in a post on Google 's official blog . "  Every day , we aim to make technology so simple and intuitive that you stop thinking about it -- we want Google to work so well it just blends into your life , " Andreas Tuerk , a product manager for Google , wrote in the post . "  But sometimes it 's helpful to step back and take stock of what you 're doing online . " The report is not automatic , meaning users will have to sign up to receive it . Based on a sample report , information such as your number of Google searches , your most popular search topics and the number of e-mails sent and received will be included . It also will show locations where your account was used and the devices that were used to sign into it , which Tuerk called an extra layer of security . "  Knowing more about your own account activity also can help you take steps to protect your Google Account , " he wrote . "  For example , if you notice sign-ins from countries where you have n't been or devices you 've never owned , you can change your password immediately and sign up for the extra level of security provided by two-step verification . " On March 1 , Google instigated a new privacy policy in which it creates a single profile of each user based on their activity across all of its many products -- from search to Gmail to mobile devices that run on Google 's Android operating system . Privacy advocates , including some in Congress , fear that puts too much personal information in the company 's hands . But Google said it would n't be collecting any new information -- just collating what data it already had in a way that would be more clear and help create new products and features for its users . Wednesday 's blog post from Google made no mention of the new privacy policy . But many tech observers were quick to make the connection , saying it looks like a way to make users more comfortable . "  If you 're confused about what Google does and does n't know about your online activity , take heart : Google is letting you in on the secret , " Network World writer Brad Reed wrote . Others saw potential for another goal behind the rollout -- reminding folks how ubiquitous the Web giant has become online . "  While the report is something of a data nerds ' dream , its timely arrival hints at another purpose , " wrote Sarah Perez of TechCrunch . "  The new Account Activity report offers a way for users to see exactly what they 're doing on Google , and how much of their life involves the use of Google 's products . "	Google Account Activity gives users a monthly look at what they did online The feature comes weeks after Google 's new privacy policy became active E-mail , search , log-ins and other Google actions will be included
Lausanne , Switzerland  CNN  As nuclear talks with Iran neared the endgame , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry shied away from predicting success . Difficult issues remain on the table as the world 's most powerful diplomats meet in Switzerland with Iranian nuclear negotiators , Kerry told CNN on Monday . "  We are working very hard to work those through . We are working late into the night and obviously into tomorrow . We are working with a view to get something done , " he said . "  There is a little more light there today , but there are still some tricky issues . Everyone knows the meaning of tomorrow . " Negotiators have set Tuesday as their deadline for a basic deal . A comprehensive deal , including technical additions , is supposed to be negotiated by June 30 . World powers are seeking the outlines of an agreement they say would stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon for at least 15 years . In exchange , Iran would get out from punishing sanctions that have crippled its economy . Kerry 's comments to CNN came after uncomfortable rumblings about the talks in Lausanne , Switzerland , made headlines . The assertion : Iran backpedaled the day before on an important detail of a possible deal to prevent it from developing a nuclear bomb . On Sunday , an Iranian negotiator told journalists that Tehran would not send fissile material to Russia , which diplomats had earlier told journalists was part of the plan to put potential bomb-making materials out of reach . "  The export of stocks of enriched uranium is not in our program , and we do not intend to send them abroad . ... There is no question of sending the stocks abroad , " Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi said . But on Monday , a senior U.S. State Department official said the rumblings in the press should quiet down . Negotiators had not yet decided any specifics about the disposal of fissile material , and Iran has made the comments many times before , the official said , citing a list of previous examples of such statements in press reports . Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi sounded optimistic as he briefed reporters on the talks ' progress earlier Monday , saying that the diplomats were "  narrowing down " their differences and working out ways to resolve sticking points . "  These marathon-like negotiations have reached the final stage , " he said . Things have been tense in Lausanne as the deadline for an agreement looms , with talks snagged on three important points : • How quickly or slowly Iran will be allowed to advance its nuclear technology in the last five years of the 15-year agreement . • How quickly crushing U.N. sanctions will go away . • Whether sanctions will snap back into place if Iran violates the deal . Iran wants them gone for good . But international negotiators want merely to suspend them , so they can reapply them as leverage if Iran does not keep the bargain . Agreement on the points is crucial , a Western diplomat said . "  There can not be an agreement if we do not have answers to these questions , " the diplomat said . In the background , a vocal critic of a possible deal spoke out again . Over the weekend , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu denounced the deal he believes is taking shape . "  This agreement as it evolves is fulfilling our deepest fears and even worse , " he said after a meeting in Israel with visiting U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . Netanyahu also attacked Iran for its support of Houthi rebels in Yemen , who have overtaken many parts of that country . He said Iran was trying to take over the whole Middle East with the nuclear deal and its influence in Yemen . Conservative Washington lawmakers are threatening new sanctions if Tehran does n't comply with demands , which could throw a wrench into negotiations . U.S. negotiators are working to reach an agreement in part to prevent this kind of congressional punishment . They fear it could prompt hardliners in Tehran to push for killing the talks , which would scuttle the chances of a deal altogether . Aside from the three tough points , negotiators on both sides have shown optimism . U.S. officials have said most of the other elements were solvable if those three major hurdles could be overcome . Iran 's Araghchi agreed . "  Getting to an accord is doable . Solutions have been found for numerous questions , " he said . Iran would like sanctions lifted as soon as a deal is signed . But diplomats says it 's not so simple . Iran could see unilateral sanctions relief in the areas of trade , oil and banking , but sanctions adopted by the United Nations are more complicated . Many are related to proliferation and transfer of missile technology and are tied to certification by the U.N. nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , that Iran 's nuclear program does not have a military dimension . On Saturday , Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif showed some optimism about finding a path through the deadlock . He said he believes the world powers "  have realized that sanctions , pressure and an agreement will not go together . It 's only to translate that understanding and realization into the agreement that we are negotiating . " U.S. officials said that all sides , including Iran , agree that sanctions would be lifted in phases over time as Iran confirms its compliance to the deal . But they acknowledge there is still disagreement on the actual formula . Iran also wants to be allowed to develop more advanced centrifuges while the deal is in effect . New machines would enrich uranium much faster than current machines . U.S. and European officials worry that could enable Iran quickly to produce enough highly enriched uranium for a nuclear weapon . Diplomats say the first 10 years of the 15-year deal would have the most stringent restrictions , which would be relaxed over the last five . "  We are not asking them to do nothing  in technology development  , but they want to do more than we want them to do , " a Western diplomat said . But the diplomat added , "  After 15 years , they can do what they want . " Diplomats said Iran has agreed to a cap of fewer than 6,000 centrifuges that it can operate to enrich uranium . That figure is down from the 6,000 the sides were speaking about when the talks started Thursday , but substantially more than the several hundred the United States had originally wanted . Iran currently runs about 10,000 centrifuges , but it has around 19,000 in its stockpile . U.S. officials maintain the number is not that important , because there will be other restrictions on the levels of enrichment and type of centrifuges Iran can operate , which they believe will extend the time Iran would need to produce enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon -- known as the "  breakout time " -- to at least a year . While the focus this week is on the March 31 deadline , it 's important to note it is n't the final deadline . Even if a pact is reached Tuesday , it 's unclear what form it would take , and the United States and Iran have varying needs . The parties are seeking to reach what 's being called a framework agreement -- essentially a political understanding of the main principles of the final deal . But if they 're able to come together on the big issues , they still have until the end of June when the Joint Plan of Action expires to iron out the details . So that means the talks wo n't be finished this month . Officials have been vague about the format this framework deal might take as well as how much of it will be made known to the public and international stakeholders . The United States would prefer a written accord , but Iran has balked at putting anything in writing until a comprehensive deal is reached . U.S. officials say they will need to quantify Iran 's commitments before submitting the agreement to Congress . But U.S. and Western diplomats say that Iran is looking simply for an "  understanding " of what has been agreed to before a formal accord is reached . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Nimet Kirac and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	China 's foreign minister says "  marathon-like negotiations have reached their final stage " Secretary of State John Kerry : "  We are working with a view to get something done " Potential snags to talks include how quickly sanctions on Iran would be lifted
CNN  -- Can anyone stop Bayern Munich ? That 's the question following the German side 's 2-0 victory over Arsenal Wednesday in the last-16 of the Champions League . Already 16 points clear in the German Bundesliga and unbeaten in 21 league games , Bayern is looking like the team to beat once again . Bayern , which is hoping to become the first team to successfully defend the title since the competition was revamped in 1992 , claimed a hard-fought win thanks to Toni Kroos ' second half strike and Thomas Muller 's header . It could and indeed should have been different but Arsenal wasted a glorious opportunity in the early stages when Mesut Ozil missed from the penalty spot . The home side 's misery was compounded eight minutes before the break when goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny was sent off after bringing down Arjen Robben in the penalty area . David Alaba stood up to take the spot kick but could only strike his effort against the post . Bayern , which won 3-1 at Emirates Stadium at the same stage last season , began to lay siege to the Arsenal goal . And with nine minutes of the second half having elapsed , Kross unleashed a sumptuous strike which flew past substitute goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski . The visitors refused to let up in their pressure and Robben had an effort well saved when his shot appeared destined for the far corner . Pep Guardiola 's side did finally secure the second goal it so badly craved when substitute Muller headed home Philipp Lahm 's cross with three minutes of normal time remaining . There was still time for Kroos , who scored in the game between the clubs last season , to hit the post with a measured drive . Arsenal will now head to Munich on March 11 with hopes of pulling off a repeat of their 2-0 victory last season . The same result would give Arsene Wenger 's men the opportunity to take the tie into extra-time but it faces an uphill struggle against a rampant Bayern . "  We started really well and deserved one goal , " Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker told Sky Sports . "  We dropped and dropped after the red card . We kept our defensive spirit . "  We lost here 3-1 last year against Bayern Munich and went there and beat them and we are looking forward to Munich . Why ca n't we get back in it ? "  I think there is no doubt there was contact  for the penalty  . I do n't know if it was a red card because the ball was a long way from Wojciech Szczesny . " Bayern coach Pep Guardiola was pleased with his side 's performance but says there is still work to do . "  Arsenal were much much much better than us for the first 20 minutes . After the red card for their goalkeeper it was another game , " he told Sky Sports . "  When he is the last man then the referee says penalty and red card . "  It is difficult to play when you see nine players in the box . It is not easy , never . But importantly we controlled this situation and played with patience and at the end found the goal . "  Last year Bayern had a better result than this evening . It depends on our heads  the second leg  . " In the night 's other game , Diego Costa 's 83rd minute strike gave Atletico Madrid a priceless 1-0 win at AC Milan . Milan , the seven time champion , enjoyed the better of the chances with Kaka 's effort tipped onto the crossbar by Atletico goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . The Belgian goalkeeper also produced a fine save to turn Andrea Pirlo 's header onto the post as the home side threatened an opener . But Milan was made to pay for its wasteful nature when Costa stole in at the far post to score a crucial away goal . "  It was a very difficult match against a great rival but we knew how to soak up the pressure and at the key moment we went after the win , " Costa told Spain 's Canal Plus . "  We have a solid advantage and now it 's about going back to the Calderon and maintaining it . "  It 's not over yet but we know it 's a good result tonight . "  We have confidence in ourselves . Some people have been doubting us recently but we have no doubts . We are a team and we are very strong . "	Bayern Munich defeats 10-man Arsenal 2-0 in London Toni Kroos and Thomas Muller both on target Arsenal missed early penalty and had goalkeeper sent off David Alaba also missed spot kick for Bayern
CNN  -- Penn State 's legal battles continued Wednesday with the university 's primary general liability insurer filing a motion claiming coverage should be denied because the administration failed to disclose what it knew about former coach Jerry Sandusky 's behavior , according to legal documents . The motion , filed in common pleas court by the Pennsylvania Manufacturer 's Association , says Penn State did not provide it with information relevant to the insurable risk the association assumed . The association has already sued Penn State over the coverage of one of Sandusky 's victims ' claims against the university , filed in November 2011 . Report : Penn State faced 4-year ` death penalty ' The association has insured Penn State under general liability policies since 1976 . "  It would be unlawful and contradictory to public policy to require PMA to provide coverage to PSU under any policy issued to PSU after May 1998 with respect to PSU 's concealment of Sandusky 's sexually abusive conduct ... and failure to take appropriate action to prevent Sandusky from molesting minors , " the motion read . Penn State alum : ` We are more than this tragedy ' The motion comes days after former Penn State President Graham Spanier denied a role in a university cover-up of Sandusky 's actions . Spanier has not been criminally charged in the case . However , an investigation by ex-FBI chief Louis Freeh concluded that he helped university officials conceal allegations of sexual abuse against the former assistant football coach . No one from the Pennsylvania Manufacturer 's Association was immediately available for comment . Sandusky , 68 , was convicted in late June of 45 of the 48 sexual abuse counts he faced , involving 10 victims . He was an assistant football coach at Penn State for more than 40 years until he resigned in 1999 but still had access to Penn State facilities through his charity until he was arrested in 2011 . Sandusky founded The Second Mile , a nonprofit organization for underprivileged youth and several of his victims attended the program . The foundation announced in May it will close . Do sanctions alter Paterno 's legacy ? He will be sentenced in September . The Penn State Board of Trustees met Wednesday night to discuss football sanctions handed down by the NCAA . According to a statement , the members found the sanctions difficult , but understood that they could have been much worse , reportedly a multiyear shut down of the team , a traditional major college football power . No votes were taken , the statement said . "  The university and board resolve to move forward together to recognize the historical excellence in Penn State 's academic and athletic programs , " the board said . "  We anticipate and look forward to demonstrating our outstanding performance in complying with the sanctions . " Five experts : What happens to Penn State football now ? On Thursday , Steve Garban became the first Penn State Board of Trustees member to resign since the Freeh report . The NCAA handed Penn State a number of severe and unprecedented sanctions Monday for "  perpetuating a ` football first ' culture that ultimately enabled serial child sexual abuse to occur , " according to the NCAA website . The sanctions include a record $ 60 million fine , a four-year postseason ban , a four-year reduction in football scholarships and five years of probation . Penn State was also forced to vacate its football victories since 1998 , including 111 by the late Joe Paterno , costing him the record as the winningest coach in the NCAA 's top division . Transfer rules for Penn State players clarified CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Penn State insurer says former officials withheld information on Jerry Sandusky 's behavior One of those administrators denied this week any role in a cover-up Also Wednesday , Penn State board meets , discusses recent NCAA sanctions Statement from board says penalties , though harsh , could have been worse
London  CNN  -- The former husband of celebrity chef Nigella Lawson will take the stand Thursday in the trial of the couple 's former personal assistants , who are accused of defrauding them of 300,000 pounds  U.S. $ 488,000  . The British court heard earlier this week at a pre-trial hearing for the assistants that Lawson and ex-husband Charles Saatchi had a "  culture of secrecy " around their marriage . In the hearing , the defense read an e-mail from Saatchi to Lawson about the allegedly embezzled money , saying that the assistants would "  get off " because , he wrote , Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Representatives for Lawson declined to comment on the allegations , citing the ongoing court proceedings . The defense also read a statement from Saatchi saying that he learned of Lawson 's alleged drug use in June , around the time the couple were photographed in a restaurant having an argument . In the photos -- which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers at the time -- Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat . Saatchi , a renowned art collector , accepted a police warning for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon after . The defense claimed that the e-mails showed both Saatchi and Lawson had attempted a "  manipulation of the court " and that the case should be thrown out . The judge ruled the trial would proceed . The former assistants , Italian sisters , have denied they embezzled any money from the couple . Opinion : The rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse	Lawson 's ex-husband Charles Saatchi takes stand Thursday An e-mail read in court reveals allegations of drug use by celebrity chef Lawson 's representatives have declined to comment The couple 's former assistants are accused of embezzling close to $ 500,000
CNN  -- Kaka converted a penalty in time added on to give holders Brazil a dramatic 4-3 win over Egypt who filed an official complaint after their Confederations Cup opener at Bloemfontein on Monday . Kaka celebrates after his last-gasp penalty gives holders Brazil an opening win in their Confed Cup victory . Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline in a desperate attempt to deny Brazil -- and Real Madrid 's recent $ 92million signing Kaka rifled home from the spot for his second goal of the game . But the decision by English referee Howard Webb to award the penalty upset African Nations Cup winners Egypt . They were unhappy that Webb initially blew for a corner but changed his mind after the fourth official , Australia 's Matthew Breeze , spoke to him after reportedly seeing television replays . "  Since when do the regulations say it is a penalty based on the monitors or on the television ? " asked Egypt 's deputy coach Shawki Gharib . "  Egypt is going to file a complaint against the penalty . " Brazil coach Dunga saw nothing wrong with the decision . "  It was a clear case of a penalty , " he said , adding that his team let a two-goal lead slip because they were tired . "  We had two tough  World Cup  qualifiers , 23 hours of travel and the time difference . The players have not been sleeping well so obviously we are quite happy with the win . " Substitute Giuseppe Rossi scored a brace to help world champions Italy stage a second-half recovery against 10-man United States and claim a 3-1 victory in their tournament debut in Pretoria . South Africa are staging the tournament as a warm-up for next year 's World Cup finals -- with Egypt struggling to qualify for 2010 after their recent 3-1 defeat against Algeria . But it looked as though Egypt were going to deny five-times world champions Brazil an opening victory in their defense of the Confederations crown after a fightback that saw Mohamed Zidan also score twice . Brazil were leading 3-1 at halftime with first-half strikes from Kaka  5 minutes  , Luis Fabiano  12  and Juan  37  with Zidan heading home Wael Gomaa 's cross on nine . It was all change early in the second half when Egypt drew level with two goals inside a minute . The first came when Sayed Moawad pulled the ball back from the left to Mohamed Shawky who blasted a superb strike beyond Julio Cesar . And Brazil were left reeling when Zidan pulled Egypt level seconds later . Brazil coach Dunga took off Manchester City pair Robinho and Elano soon after and replaced them with Benfica midfielder Ramires and Milan striker Alexandre Pato . And Kaka had the final say in a match played in front of thousands of empty seats despite FIFA president Sepp Blatter 's criticism that organisers had not done enough to sell tickets for Spain 's game with New Zealand on Sunday . Brazil next face CONCACAF Gold Cup winners United States on Thursday before facing world champions Italy on June 21 . Egypt play Italy on Thursday before meeting the U.S with the top two from each group go through to the semifinals . Italy were trailing 1-0 against the U.S. at the interval after Galaxy forward Landon Donovan fired his side ahead from the penalty spot after 41 minutes . The Americans were already down to 10 men following the dismissal of Ricardo Clark who was given a straight red card after 33 minutes for a foul on Gennaro Gattuso . But the introduction of Rossi just before the hour mark turned the game . The Villarreal striker blasted home from 30 yards to equalise on 59 minutes before Daniele De Rossi put Italy in front with 18 minutes left . Rossi then added the finishing touch in injury time as the Azzurri moved joint top of Group B alongside Brazil .	Kaka converts penalty to give holders Brazil a 4-3 Confed Cup win over Egypt Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline Egypt lodged complaint with FIFA claiming 4th official influenced ref 's verdict World champions Italy recover to defeat 10-man United States 3-1 in Pretoria
CNN  -- So people are either surprised or snarky about Martha Stewart going onto Match.com to find a guy . What did they think she was going to do : Make a man out of paper machÃ © or cookie dough ? Stars and celebrities are no different from anyone else . When they get over a certain age , they stop meeting eligible partners . If a woman does meet someone compelling at a party , she does n't know if he 's available or just wants to play . If she meets him at the office , it might be too complicated . But in general , when men and women get over 50 , the odds of just bumping into Ms. or Mr. Right are n't in their favor . So the really committed ones go hunting where the odds are better , and that 's online . Willie Sutton famously responded to the question of why he robbed banks by stating , "  because that 's where the money is . " Well , that 's why boomers are flocking to the web : Other 50 plusers who are looking for love are there . By the way , I do n't use the verb flocking loosely ; just about every site , Perfectmatch.com , Chemistry , com , OK Cupid and more , report the biggest jump in new people joining their sites are in the 50 and over crowd . But let 's not stop at the rise in numbers on the Internet . Let 's go to the more interesting fact : they are going online to find love , passion and sex . There , I 've said it : Middle-aged men and women and people old enough to be thanked by Willard on the "  Today " show still want it all . They want to cuddle , kiss , hold hands , get touched in erotic zones and have intercourse . And they do n't want you to think that 's cute or optional . Their sexual and emotional needs do n't die before they do . In fact , a lot of medical evidence indicates that if they do have physical affection , love and sex they will live longer . But if most of these men and women waited for their friends to fix them up or for someone to approach them on the street , they 'd most likely be alone forever . And they do n't want to be . At 50 they could have another 50 years together . Or they could have 10 rewarding years . I have friends that have been together for four years , since she was 83 and he was 86 . They go back and forth and stay with each other in their assisted living apartments . They are in love and no less in love , and in no less fabulous a manner , than when they were with their late spouses . So do n't sneer at Martha , at least not for online dating . Applaud her for her bravery and knowing what she wants , without letting pride get in the way . I hope she serves as a role model for all those older men and women whose amorous and romantic ambitions have been stifled for fear of ridicule . " ` What will my friends say , " they ask me , "  if they see me on Senior Friend finder or J Date ? " My answer is : They will say "  Good for you . " At least that 's what my friends said when I went online . And then they said , "  Congratulations , " when I fell in love and got engaged . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : People seem surprised or make fun of Martha Stewart for online dating But like everyone else , famous people over 50 stop meeting eligible partners , she says Schwartz says middle-aged men and women need physical affection , love . It 's healthy Schwartz hopes Stewart 's example encourages others who have been afraid of ridicule
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If Manchester United and Liverpool fans are expecting the arrival of superstar players ahead of the new season then they had better think again , as the cost of refinancing debt could significantly curb the club 's spending power according to industry experts . Liverpool co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks took over the club in February 2007 Financial prudence will be the watchword for the majority of the English Premier League in the transfer market as clubs look to consolidate their financial position in a move that could see a shift of power in Europe to Spain 's La Liga . United have received $ 130 million for the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid , but the Glazer family owners will not sanction anywhere near that amount for new players according to Professor Rogan Taylor at the University of Liverpool 's Football Industry Group . The Americans ' takeover of the Red Devils placed the club in $ 1,100 m of debt , according to the holding companies ' accounts of 2009 ; a situation that requires careful management . "  The refinancing at Manchester United is structured in a very complex way but ultimately the economic difficulties now mean that there will be a reduction in Alex Ferguson 's transfer budget , " he told CNN . "  Although some of the funds from the Ronaldo transfer will go back into the club 's coffers there will be a tightening of the purse strings which will seriously impact on United 's capacity to go after the top players . "  Certainly , Ferguson would have wanted a top-class replacement for Ronaldo but with the need to keep the debt in order and -- being unable to compete with Real Madrid and Manchester City -- the funds available and the pool of players from which they can sign is a lot smaller . " Liverpool 's situation is even more acute as American co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , through their company Kop Holdings , struggle to secure the finances to fund the club 's proposed new stadium . A deal to refinance their $ 570m Royal Bank of Scotland loan appears to have been secured , but the long-term sustainability of the idea used to purchase Liverpool is serious under question . Will Liverpool and Manchester United splash the cash in the transfer market despite the financial problems ? Who would you like to see them sign ? Let us know your comments in the ` Sound off ' box below . Professor Taylor added : "  The whole model on which Hicks and Gillett bought Liverpool is flawed and Rafael Benitez may have to sell Javier Mascherano or Xabi Alonso before he can go out and spend during the close season . "  Even then there is no certainty he will get the whole amount from the sale of either of those players back in the transfer kitty so it promises to be a difficult period for Liverpool as obviously expectation has been raised following last season 's second-place finish . "  The need to refinance the debt remains key to the American owners remaining in control of the club so that will be their priority -- at the expense of matters on the pitch . " Jon Keen deputy chairman of the Football Supporters Federation , and an expert in the field of club governance and ownership , admitted the situation at both clubs will stir up further resentment among fans towards their owners . "  The current refinancing situation in the top-flight is like a financial house cards which could come crashing down at any time , " he told CNN . "  We have already seen a situation unravel with the banking system which has angered a lot of people and something similar could well happen with football in the near future . "  Ultimately fans want to see money raised from sales of players either put back into the transfer pot or levied against their own costs of attending matches , not simply servicing huge amounts of debt as is the case with Manchester United and Liverpool at the moment . "  There needs to be a reality check about the way these clubs are operating . Certainly , I think the current economic climate will drastically reduce the spending power of clubs in the Premier League with the exception perhaps of Manchester City . " Of course , this contrasts with Spain 's Real Madrid who have recently splashed almost $ 300m on Ronaldo , Kaka and Karim Benzema -- and are not finished yet if president Florentino Perez is to be believed . The construction magnate and his powerful board are able to wield influence with banks and allow Real to secure credit on favorable terms which , combined with a lucrative domestic television rights deal , puts them in a stronger financial position . Ultimately this appears to have precipitated a shift away from the English Premier League to La Liga for the world 's best players as Spain becomes the preferred destination of choice . Whether Real can convert this into a challenge to the recent English domination of the UEFA Champions League on the pitch remains to be seen .	Refinancing has left Manchester United and Liverpool short of transfer funds An new era of Premier League prudence reigns according to finance experts Real Madrid have spent $ 300 million on Ronaldo , Kaka and Benezma Spanish clubs present serious challenge to English domination in Europe
CNN Student News  -- November 2 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Yemen • Baghdad , Iraq Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : There 's an old saying : It 's not what you know , it 's who you know . It might also be how you act . We 're gon na make sense of that in just a bit . I 'm Carl Azuz . Welcome to CNN Student News ! First Up : Midterm Elections AZUZ : The primaries , the rallies , the debates : Let 's call all that the pre-game . The big show kicks off today , Election Day in the U.S. . This has been the most expensive midterm election in U.S. history . And it wraps up today as voters cast their ballots all over the country . What 's at stake : control of Congress . You 've heard us talk about it . The Democrats currently have a majority in both chambers . Republicans are expected to make gains today . In order to take over that majority , the Republicans need to hold onto the seats that they currently have , plus win 39 more seats in the House of Representatives , 10 more in the Senate . Sandra Endo checks in now with a report on the final push leading up to today 's election . BEGIN VIDEO SANDRA ENDO , CNN CORRESPONDENT : One last cry to rally the troops . President Obama was on the campaign trail trying to get out the vote in Cleveland . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Because if everyone who fought for change in 2008 shows up to vote in 2010 , we will win this election . I am confident in that . ENDO : Former President Bill Clinton , Vice President Joe Biden and first lady Michelle Obama are fanning out across the country to help in key races , like in Kentucky , Nevada and Delaware . For the Republican Party , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani is stumping for GOP Senate candidate John Raese in West Virginia . Republican leaders are looking for big wins , a shift in power , in at least one chamber of Congress . MICHAEL STEELE , CHAIRMAN , REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE : My goal in talking to our team out in the field is let 's get our folks to the 39 , because that 's the momentum point you really want to go for , and then you can continue to build from there . ENDO : In fact a new CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll out Sunday shows a majority of Americans think Republicans will take over control of Congress after the midterm elections : 51 percent to 36 percent . According to the poll , 34 percent say the country will be better off if Republicans win back Congress ; 28 percent say the nation will be worse off ; and 36 percent say it wo n't make a difference . Another poll out today shows 75 percent of Americans think things are going badly in the country . It 's the worst outlook going into a midterm election since the mid '70s , and the economy remains issue number one on voters ' minds . In Washington , Sandra Endo , for CNN Student News . END VIDEO Blog Promo AZUZ : We 're taking a poll on our blog , From A to Z . The question : What 's the biggest issue on your mind leading up to this midterm election ? Imagine you 're in the voting booth . What issue matters most to you ? Head to our home page , CNNStudentNews.com , go to our blog , and weigh in . Teachers , we want to hear from you , too . You get to sound off in the CNN Teachers ' Lounge ! Same page , CNNStudentNews.com . Just scroll down 'til you see the teachers ' lounge on the right-hand side like you do right there , highlighted . Same kind of question : What issues are on your minds this election year ? Teachers , students , we 're looking forward to hearing what you have to say . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Taylor 's class at Florence High School in Florence , Colorado ! What country is highlighted on this map ? Is it : A  Jordan , B  Yemen , C  Afghanistan or D  Egypt ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! This is Yemen , a Middle Eastern country that 's home to more than 23 million people . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Security Concerns AZUZ : Officials are tightening up security at Yemen 's airports . That 's part of the reaction to a suspected terrorist plot that was stopped last week . Two bombs , both coming from Yemen and addressed to locations in the United States . They were stopped along the way . Yemeni officials say "  every piece of cargo and luggage will go through extensive searching " at all of the airports in the country . The same thing is happening at airports around the world , like you see right here . As for the response outside of Yemen , Germany and Britain are both banning any flights from Yemen , at least for a while . And shipping companies , like FedEx and UPS , are staying on high alert . The two bombs were discovered on cargo planes . Iraq Church Shooting AZUZ : In Baghdad , the capital city of Iraq , a Catholic church was the scene of a hostage standoff on Sunday . You might think of Iraq as mostly a Muslim country , but there is a small percentage of people there who are Christian . This standoff started right as the church was about to begin Sunday night services . A group of men carrying guns and explosives took over the church . U.S. military officials say the gunmen took around 120 people hostage . Eventually , Iraqi forces stormed the church . At least 50 people were killed in the violence . Around 75 others were injured . Eight of the suspected gunmen were arrested . Downloadable Maps AZUZ : If you 're not exactly sure where to find Baghdad or which countries are around Yemen , we have some geographic guides that can point you in the right direction . Our free , downloadable maps ! Every day , we help students track down locations in the headlines . They 're 100-percent free , and you can always find them at CNNStudentNews.com ! Shoutout Extra Credit MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! Which of these words means appropriate or proper behavior ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Effervescence , B  Vitriol , C  Etiquette or D  Verisimilitude ? Rewind that clock to three seconds -- and GO ! Etiquette is a French word that means proper social or professional behavior . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Importance of Etiquette AZUZ : Guidelines for a proper handshake . How you make eye contact . That 's the kind of stuff we 're talking about . Some people say etiquette can play a big role in getting a job . Right now , with so many people looking for work , any advantage helps . Alina Cho shows us how some job hunters are brushing up on their p 's and q 's . BEGIN VIDEO PATRICIA FITZPATRICK , THE NEW YORK SCHOOL OF ETIQUETTE : It 's four steps . Let me show you . One , two , quietly , three , four . ALINA CHO , CNN CORRESPONDENT : What does this ... FITZPATRICK : OK . CHO : Have to do ... UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I leaned over a little bit . Is that OK ? FITZPATRICK : You can tilt , uh-huh . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : OK . CHO : ... With getting a job ? FITZPATRICK : OK , that 's a big bite , Sarah . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I could n't break it any smaller . CHO : Would you believe etiquette counts for a lot ? FITZPATRICK : Eighty-five percent of success in life , in getting a job , is people skills . Fifteen percent is technical skills , or what you know . CHO : So , how do you improve your people skills ? By taking a class . FITZPATRICK : Welcome to Outclass the Competition : Business Etiquette . CHO : In just a year , Patricia Fitzpatrick says her business has doubled , and she charges $ 200 per person for a two-hour group session . JODI R. R. SMITH , MANNERSMITH ETIQUETTE CONSULTING : One , two , three shakes is OK . Four is getting strange and five is creepy . CHO : Other etiquette classes are going gangbusters . And the students are younger , 20-somethings just out of school looking for a job and an edge . LINDSAY YUHASZ , ETIQUETTE SCHOOL STUDENT : I want to be the person that they 're like , "  This girl is great . When she came in , she smiled , she was confident , she shook my hand well . " I want to be that person . CHO : Which is why these young women are learning how to properly dine , communicate and network . All the little things that can show a potential employer you 're up for the job . FITZPATRICK : First of all , you do n't go to events to eat , OK ? You 're not there to eat . So , eat something before you go . CHO : Make eye contact in the area Fitzpatrick calls the triangle . Anything lower is too personal . Once you get the job , know how to eat . There 's always a business lunch . Number one rule , eat with the back side of your fork . Cross your utensils while you rest , and leave them parallel at 10:20 , like a clock , when you 're done . So many details . Does it really matter ? Anna Post is the great-great-granddaughter of Emily Post , the woman who literally wrote the book on etiquette . ANNA POST , THE EMILY POST INSTITUTE : This will put you apart from the crowd . There are so many qualified resumes . This is a way to show that the boss can send you out and have absolute confidence that you wo n't embarrass them in front of the client , bottom line . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Alright . Before we go today , you might have seen some good jack-o-lanterns on Halloween . We bet you did n't see anything like this . A group of world-renowned carvers took their tools to these gigantic gourds . What they came up with was pretty good . And in some cases , kinda creepy . But before you call them a bunch of hacks , remember , they 're trying to turn a 250 pound pumpkin into a larger than life jack-o-lantern . Goodbye AZUZ : We think they deserve glowing reviews . Offering up puns is always a treat . The trick is knowing just which one to make . For example , orange you glad we did n't write a pumpkin pun ? For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Witness the final push leading up to today 's midterm elections Find out how Yemen is responding to a suspected terrorist plot Discover why some job hunters are polishing up on proper etiquette Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- He was born in the year of the Tiger -- and China 's Guan Tianlang will be hoping to mix it with a certain Mr Woods once again after rewriting the history books at Augusta . While most teenagers take on Woods on their game consoles , China 's Guan was busy making history Friday after becoming the youngest ever player to make the cut at a major championship . The 14-year-old overcame a controversial slow play penalty to qualify for the weekend 's action after carding a three-over 75 to leave him four-over for the tournament . At 14 years and five months , Guan breaks the record held by Italy 's Matteo Manassero , who made history at the British Open at the age of 16 years and two months . Guan was n't even born when Woods became the youngest ever player to win the Masters at the age of 21 back in 1997 , but the two shared a practice round earlier this week with the teenager looking far from overawed . He kept his cool on a difficult day where his participation in the final two rounds hung by a thread , after he was penalized on the 17th hole following a failure to heed the warnings given by referee John Paramor . Guan is the first player to be punished for slow play in a major since France 's Gregory Bourdy at the 2010 PGA Championship Leader Jason Day , who finished on six-under , could have ended the youngster 's hopes had he managed to gain one more shot . But the Australian finished with a round of 68 to finish one clear of Fred Couples and fellow countryman Mark Leishman . "  I respect the decision they make , " Guan told reporters following his round . " I just changed my routine before the Masters , and the routine is good , but I think today is pretty hard because if you 're timed only 40 seconds , it 's pretty hard because you need to make the decision . The wind switched a lot . But that 's for everybody . " Guan 's problems began on the 13th where he was given a warning following his second shot , before he was hit with a one-shot penalty on the 17th . The decision split players and fans alike with two-time winner Ben Crenshaw coming to the youngster 's defense . "  This is n't going to end up pretty , I do n't think , " Crenshaw told reporters . "  I 'm sick for him . He 's 14 years old ... when you get the wind blowing out here , believe me , you 're going to change your mind a lot . "  I 'm sorry , I 'm a player . It is not easy to get around this golf course the way it 's set up for two days . " England 's Lee Westwood , who finished three shots off the lead on three-under , also backed Guan . "  He 's a youngster just learning the game and it 's his first professional tournament , it seems a little bit harsh to me , " Westwood told reporters . "  He probably learned to play slowly after watching us professional golfers on TV , so why should we be surprised ? " While there was a great deal of sympathy for the talented teenager , 1992 champion Couples says the decision was the correct one . "  The soft-coated answer would be I feel bad , but I also feel like they just do n't go around handing out one-shot penalties here , " he told reporters . "  I do n't even know of anyone who has ever got one . "  It feels hard to give a 14-year-old a penalty , but he 's in the field . He beat a lot of guys yesterday , whatever the age he is . " At the top of the leaderboard , Day will hope to finally end Australia 's wait for a Masters Champion . The 25-year-old finished second in 2011 but produced a sublime round of 68 to ensure his place at the top of the leaderboard . Tiger Woods had looked set to finish towards the top only for an outrageous piece of misfortune to cost him at the 15th . The World No. 1 hit his third shot onto the par-five 15th only for it to hit the stick and rebound into the pond . Woods finished on three-under alongside the likes of Jason Dufner , Justin Rose and Australia 's Adam Scott amongst others . Meanwhile , Rory McIlroy will have title aspirations of his own after hitting a two-under 70 to leave him right in the mix . The 23-year-old , ranked second in the world , carded a level-par round of 72 on Thursday but produced a much improved performance during his second round . "  I made a lot of good putts for pars on the front nine , " he told reporters . "  I mean I did n't play my best for the first few holes and the eighth hole  eagle  really got me going , really kick started me . "  Then I started to hit some really good quality shots . I took advantage of a couple of easier holes on the back nine , 13 , 14 . "  Anything under par today was going to be a good score and I stayed patient out there when I needed to and it was a good day . "  I 'm comfortable with my game , I 'm happy with this position going into the weekend , " he said . Defending champion Bubba Watson made the cut by the skin of his teeth after carding a one-over 73 . Watson is five-over for the tournament and in a tie for 55th place . Several big names missed the cut including Ian Poulter , Louis Oosthuizen , Graeme McDowell and three-time major winner Padraig Harrington .	China 's Tianlang Guan , 14 , becomes youngest player to make cut at a major Guan shot a three-over 75 on Friday and is four-over for the tournament . Australia 's Jason Day sits one-shot clear on six-under following round of 68 Tiger Woods tied for seventh on three-under
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- At least 20 homes in Atlanta 's historic Cabbagetown neighborhood were flattened by a tornado that ripped through downtown Atlanta on Friday night , a spokeswoman for the mayor said . Debris from Friday night 's tornado litters the street outside CNN Center . Firefighters fear there could be people dead inside the ruins of a collapsed loft complex in the same neighborhood , the spokeswoman said . There have been no deaths confirmed from the tornado , but at least 15 people were treated at two hospitals . Most of the injuries were minor cuts , scrapes and bruises , officials said . The Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts , just east of downtown Atlanta , collapsed in a "  pancake fashion , " Atlanta Fire Chief Kelvin Cochran said early Saturday . The tornado that ripped through the heart of the city damaged the roof of the Georgia Dome during a college basketball game , shattered windows and ripped roofs from buildings before continuing into several residential neighborhoods . The building that houses CNN was at the epicenter of the storm -- sitting next to the dome and hotels where thousands of basketball fans attending the Southeastern Conference tournament were at least temporarily displaced . Watch coverage of damage to CNN Center " "  It was actually in overtime , and the game was getting exciting , and I thought people from the Alabama side were hitting the bleachers trying to get some noise going , " said Lucas Shields , who was attending the game between Mississippi State and the University of Alabama . "  All of a sudden the TV went out , the overhead clock stopped working , and you hear that distinctive noise of a train . " Timothy Wood , 30 , of Cumming , Georgia , took refuge from rain at Philips Arena . "  First thing I saw were cups then I saw larger objects -- like parts of Philips Arena were coming off and being blown into the street , " Wood said . Police closed several streets in the vicinity of CNN Center because of glass and other debris from the storm . Audio Slideshow : View the damage " The storm tracked from the northwest side of the city to the southeast , demolishing buildings and downing trees that crushed cars and ripped through the roofs of homes . At the Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts , damage was extensive . Mahsud Olufani , an Atlanta painter and sculptor with a studio in one of the other buildings , said he rushed to his studio when he saw news of the damage . "  It looks like a bomb went off , it looks like World War III , " he said . "  It 's a disaster area . " The converted lofts also were the site of a massive 1999 fire , during which a dramatic helicopter rescue was televised worldwide . In the neighborhood of East Atlanta , resident Cameron Beasley said he could see four or five homes with storm damage , including trees knocked through their roofs , and several cars crushed by downed trees . "  Something really fierce came down , " said Beasley , who said he and his wife ran with their two children into their basement about 15 seconds before the storm hit . "  It was just crushing cars , crushing houses . " The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for the area , in effect until 10 p.m. . The storm came through at about 9:45 p.m. Inside CNN Center , water poured through damage in the ceiling into the building 's atrium . Glass shattered , and parts of the building filled with dust . Virtually all of the windows facing Centennial Olympic Park on the Omni Hotel , which is attached to CNN Center , were shattered , leaving curtains flapping in the darkened windows . Visitors to the hotel were evacuated to the facility 's exhibition hall at street level . Watch survey of damage to Omni Hotel " Windows also were shattered in the CNN.com newsroom , with staffers saying that there was a computer missing -- apparently sucked through one of the windows . CNN 's library was also damaged . See photos of the damage inside " Outside the building , debris littered the streets and billboards collapsed onto parked cars . Centennial Olympic Park was also severely damaged . Next door at the Georgia Dome , the Alabama-Mississippi State game was halted . The storm visibly rippled the ceiling of the dome and caused some damage , video of the arena showed . Scaffolding holding the facility 's scoreboard swayed 15 minutes after the storm hit . The game resumed about an hour later , but a later game between Kentucky and Georgia was postponed . Joe Bryson , 28 , of Cumming , Georgia , was outside when the winds hit . "  When it started to drizzle a little bit , everyone got under some shelter , watching things develop . It started to pick up a bit . When the metal barriers fell over and started skidding along the ground that 's when everyone started -- not panicking -- but going inside . "  I saw two fellas who were running to come to shelter and they were getting pushed from the back -LSB- by the wind -RSB- . They got knocked down but got right back up and followed everyone inside , " Bryson said . Catherine Niehaus , an iReporter , was inside the Georgia Dome when she said the roof split , scaffolding slipped and the scoreboard started to sway . Slabs of metal and insulation material smothered the streets outside . Cars and emergency vehicles were scattered among the debris as hundreds of people , many of them attending the Southeastern Conference basketball tournament , wandered around talking on cell phones . Heaps of bricks and sheetrock were pushed up against cars . Streets signs were bent in half . At the neighboring Georgia World Congress Center , the storm blew down a wall , allowing water to pool ankle deep inside the building . Further east , heavy damage was reported near Grady Memorial Hospital . According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the most recent downtown tornado in the United States hit Jacksonville , Florida , August 12 , 2004 . There were no deaths . According to the NOAA , the deadliest tornado to hit a downtown area in the 20th century was May 11 , 1953 , when 114 people were killed in Waco , Texas . Although downtown tornadoes are rare , it 's a misconception they ca n't happen , according to The Tornado Project , a company that gathers and compiles tornado information . "  That more ` cities ' are n't struck by tornadoes is probably more coincidence than anything else , " according to the project 's Web site . "  There are very few ` big cities ' with skyscrapers in Tornado Alley . In fact , there are only a dozen , and one of them , St. Louis , Missouri , has a long history of tornadoes in its central area . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : At least 20 homes flattened by tornado in Atlanta Apartment building collapses as tornado hits Atlanta Search for survivors amid apartment debris could take days At least 15 people injured , hotel evacuated during storm
Washington  CNN  -- Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon traveled to Washington last week expecting to see top Obama administration officials . Instead , he found himself with a lot of time on his hands . The White House denied him meetings with Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Adviser Susan Rice . Senior administration officials attributed the snub to numerous negative comments Ya'alon made earlier this year criticizing the administration in general and Kerry in particular . "  It should n't have been a surprise given some of his comments , " a senior administration official said about Ya'alon 's visit . "  We give you $ 1.3 billion of aid and you are dumping on us . None of our friends have been disrespectful to the extent of Israel . " He was granted meetings with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . Still , the episode offers a startling illustration of how badly relations have deteriorated between the U.S. and Israel -- long-term allies -- because of irritation with Ya'alon . It also reflects years of pent-up frustration in the White House over Israel 's role in the Middle East peace process . In January , the Obama administration -- and indeed many of Ya'alon 's fellow Israeli politicians -- were apoplectic when he was quoted in Israeli media calling Kerry "  obsessive and messianic , " in his efforts to forge a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians . Ya'alon added he hoped Kerry "  gets a Nobel Prize and leaves us alone . " Ya'alon apologized after protests by Washington and a strong rebuke from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . But tensions grew again in March , when Ya'alon harshly criticized the way the Obama administration was dealing with Iran , saying the president was trying to leave the issue for his successor to deal with . David Makovsky , an advisor to former US peace envoy Martin Indyk who now works at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said that while he does not believe Israel is currently trying to accentuate its differences with the United States , the resentments on both sides are bubbling over . "  It 's an accumulation of baggage that each side has carried for some time , " Makovsky said "  What I see is the wear and tear of these six years working together where the sum of the problems becomes greater than the parts on policy . It 's sad . " In addition to the public dissing of Kerry , who spent the better part of a year in a failed effort to broker a framework agreement between Israelis and Palestinians , officials said Israel 's inflexibility on security arrangements proposed for the plan by General John Allen further aggravated the already strained ties . But the biggest culprit , the officials said , is continued Israeli settlement construction in defiance of continued American objections . Washington has warned Israel against such unilateral moves that could prejudice the outcome of a future peace deal . The row over settlements turned ugly last month after Netanyahu left Washington amid news of settlement expansion in the West Bank . When the prime minister said that U.S. objections to Israeli settlement activity went against American values , the White House slapped him down , calling the criticism "  odd . " "  It 's clear how American values dictate or at least guide our thinking , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . On Monday , Netanyahu announced Israel would fast-track planning for more than 1,000 new apartments in East Jerusalem , prompting swift and strong condemnation from the State Department , which said it was "  deeply concerned " by the announcement . "  If Israel wants to live in a peaceful society , they need to take steps that will reduce tensions , " said State Department Spokesperson Jen Psaki . "  Moving forward with this sort of action would be incompatible with the pursuit of peace . " In a phone call this weekend , Kerry warned Netanyahu against going ahead with the planned settlement units . He also pressed the prime minister to speed up an investigation of last week 's killing of a Palestinian American teen by Israeli forces . "  He told him it ca n't be business as usual where these things drag on and then do n't say anything , " one U.S. official said . Several U.S. officials said a growing frustration with Israel on a host of issues has prompted a discussion within the administration about how to best to express it "  We are in the process of re-evaluating exactly that question , " one senior administration official said , adding "  various options are being drafted . " The tension comes as several important decision points related to Israel are coming to a head . The U.S. must decide how it will respond to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas 's proposal to the United Nations to declare a Palestinian state , something Israel is adamantly opposed to but an idea that has growing support in Europe . Washington must also weigh how much effort to expend on dissuading its European allies from taking tougher measures against Israel such as boycotting products made in settlements or sanctioning Israeli companies that do business in what is considered occupied territory . "  There is a ton the U.S. does behind the scenes , " another senior administration official said . "  We bail them out of everything - pushing back the Europeans , pushing back at the UN . We are their last good friend in the world . " The officials , who all spoke on the condition of anonymity to speak with candor , stressed that the US remains fully committed to Israel 's security and all policy decisions are made from that starting point . But they add that the unequivocal political support the U.S. expends to Israel may not always be a given . "  We will never , ever stop funding for Iron Dome or withhold anything that is related in any way to their security , but the question is , how much do we continue to do politically ? " an official said . "  It is easy to do less on that front while making sure it does n't impact our security relationship . "	The White House snubbed the Israeli defense minister when he traveled to Washington Relations with Israel have deteriorated as Americans try to broker with Palestinians and engage in nuclear talks with Iran
Washington  CNN  -- Think of President Barack Obama 's pivot from last week 's anemic job growth numbers to Monday 's populist call to lower taxes for the middle class as the political equivalent of shifting an awkward dinner party conversation to a rousing comment about the home team 's last game . The president spoke from the East Room on Monday surrounded by a group of middle-class families standing in rapt attention as Obama spoke of "  rebuilding an economy where work pays off . " Later in the day , the president was to echo his call to extend the Bush-era cuts to those making less than $ 250,000 a year during interviews with local and regional television stations and at a pair of campaign events . "  Right now our top priority has to be giving middle-class families ... security they deserve , " Obama said Monday to applause . It was a decidedly more upbeat tone than on Friday , when the president was hammered over a relatively stagnant job growth rate and an unemployment rate of 8.2 % . "  Obama is saying consciously , ` I 'm going to change the direction of what I 'm talking about . Really , here is my strongest argument -- I want people to hear that , ' " said Robert Lehrman , who was a speechwriter for dozens of Democratic political figures including Vice President Al Gore and is author of "  The Political Speechwriter 's Companion . " Obama has hit the message reset button before during this campaign cycle . Attention was diverted from a month of dismal economic news in June when he announced a temporary halt to deportation of certain young undocumented immigrants . The move knocked GOP strategists back on their heels and they scrambled to respond . But it 's a tactic with mixed results . Republicans immediately pounced on the president 's call on Congress to extend the Bush-era tax cuts for those making less than $ 250,000 a year , describing it as "  desperate . " Congressional Republicans pointed out that the president 's call for the tax cuts extension is not new and accused the president of trying to steer the narrative away from last week 's dismal jobs news . There was no mention of Monday 's event on the president 's week-ahead schedule update on Friday , and the Obama campaign spent the weekend pounding Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney on his overseas accounts . Romney 's campaign also questioned the president 's timing , which was coupled with the release of an ad in key states attacking the presumptive GOP nominee 's stance on abortion . "  It 's no coincidence that a day after a disastrous jobs report , the Obama campaign drops viciously negative and false ads against Gov. Romney , desperate to change the subject , " spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg told FoxNews.com . "  The economy has gone negative on President Obama , so he has decided to go negative on Mitt Romney . " Both Obama and Romney have had hits and misses when it comes to trying to change the subject , said Julian Zelizer , a CNN contributor and history and public affairs professor at Princeton University , who has written books on former presidents George W. Bush , Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter . "  I do n't think Romney is very good at it . He 's best when he focuses on one topic -- the economy .  On that issue  he 's extremely disciplined and extremely focused , " Zelizer said . "  Obama is OK , but he has n't been successful at it . He has a lot of skills , but he does n't have the ability of Clinton or Reagan to change the topic . " "  There are subtle ways to  change the subject  , " Zelizer said . "  The most famous in that style was Ronald Reagan -- Jimmy Carter would be talking and he would say , ` There you go again . ' " And sometimes , politicians just goof . Last month , Obama said the private sector was "  doing fine " compared to the public sector , comments he later tried to walk back . "  When Obama did that private sector ad lib I 'm sure right after he just about bit his tongue off , " Lehrman said . "  Or Romney with saying , ' I like being able to fire people . ' " But Romney held his own during last month 's interview with Bob Schieffer on CBS 's "  Face the Nation " which touched on immigration , Lehrman said . "  I think in that exchange he was pervasive and skillful . ... You have to think not just how could he steer the conversation but what bad things did he avoid , " Lehrman said , adding that the thorny issue of immigration was full of potential pitfalls that could have come back to haunt Romney . "  Contrast Romney , who is skillful , with  Rep. Michele Bachmann  , " Lehrman said , critiquing the two politicians ' communication styles . " ... She kept reflexively going home to the statement she wanted to make . It looked like she had no ability to think on her feet . " Obama was able to successfully change the broader political conversation when he pushed for health care reform at a time when tempers flared over a bailout of many of the nation 's largest banks . The health care debate consumed public attention for more than a year , Zelizer pointed out . "  A president can do that , for example , because that 's the bully pulpit . ... The most dramatic way is to start a new legislative initiative in the middle of the campaign . ... It can look like when Clinton was being impeached and all of a sudden he 's bombing Iraq . " But most importantly , candidates can change the subject by offering something substantive , political experts say . To that end , Romney can recapture the conversation if he can shake criticism that he has no alternative plans to offer other than attacking Obama . "  Romney needs to say ` Here 's a package or program to consider , ' " Zelizer said .	President Obama 's call for a tax cut for middle class changed dialogue on economy Obama and Romney have had hits and misses when switching political messages Political experts say offering substance over style always best when switching messages
CNN  -- Sanford , Florida , city officials have chosen a former Colorado police chief as an interim replacement for the top cop who stepped aside during the furor over February 's killing of an unarmed teen . Richard Myers , the former police chief in Colorado Springs , will take office in Sanford at the end of the week , the city government announced Tuesday . A news conference to introduce Myers is slated for Friday . He will take over a department that has been under the microscope since the February 26 killing of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin by a neighborhood watch volunteer . Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee , who attempted to resign last week , will remain on paid administrative leave , according to a statement from city hall . Lee stepped aside as chief after a vote of no-confidence by city commissioners , but the commission voted against accepting his resignation while investigations into Martin 's killing are pending . The case drew nationwide protests when police decided against arresting neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman , who told investigators he killed Martin in self-defense . A special prosecutor assigned to look into Martin 's death ultimately brought second-degree murder charges against 28-year-old Zimmerman , who has pleaded not guilty and been released on $ 150,000 bail . Prosecutors asked for that bail to be increased after learning that contributors had donated more than $ 200,000 to a legal defense fund he set up . About $ 5,000 of that went toward the $ 15,000 cash Zimmerman put up to post bond , defense lawyer Mark O'Mara said last week . Zimmerman has been in hiding since the case drew national attention , and he has solicited the money not only for legal fees but also for living expenses . O'Mara said the money has been put into a trust he controls , and his team announced Tuesday that a former IRS agent has been hired as a third-party administrator to handle the funds . "  The fund 's administrator will have sole discretion regarding the dispersal of funds , and guidelines will be put in place to define reasonable living expenses for Mr. Zimmerman and his family and to fund necessary legal expenses , " the defense team reported on its website . "  Neither Mr. Zimmerman nor The O'Mara Law Group will have direct access to the funds . " Donors ' names are not being disclosed . For the next three to five months , Myers "  will be responsible for reviewing Sanford Police Department 's performance as it relates to the Trayvon Martin case as well as provide overall leadership , " according to Colorado Springs police department spokeswoman Barbara Miller . Myers , a 35-year law enforcement veteran , began his career in the suburbs of Detroit and Chicago before becoming chief of the Appleton , Wisconsin , police department . After that , he took the reins of the Colorado Springs police department in 2007 . Myers resigned that post in 2011 after Stephen Bach was elected as the city 's new mayor . It was widely reported that the new mayor forced Myers out , and a press release from Myers upon his retirement in October seemed to bear that out . "  When Mayor Bach was elected , I told him I was here to serve , and would do so loyally and do my best to lead the department in the direction he wanted to take the city , until such time that he felt he needed to bring in his own chief , " the release from Myers stated . "  Consequently , I have agreed to make room for this to happen by retiring from the CSPD . " Attempts to contact Myers for this report were unsuccessful . A month ago , he was asked to consider the role of interim police chief in Sanford , according to Miller . She said she believes Myers is well-suited to what is bound to be a challenging , high-pressure assignment in Sanford . "  Chief Richard Myers is a highly intelligent leader with a great law enforcement background who is skilled at analyzing problems and articulating sound recommendations for positive change , " she said . "  He will bring a unique understanding and clarity to the situation -- as he has always done . We are excited to hear about his new role . " Earlier this year , Myers served a three-month term as interim chief of police in Manitou Springs , a small community outside Colorado Springs . "  I 'm a big fan of Richard Myers . He really did a fabulous job here , " said Manitou Springs Mayor Marc Snyder . "  He 's really going to be able to focus in on the existing situation and build a consensus on the right way to go . I think Richard will be uniquely qualified to find the commonalities in this community and rally them around a common thread . " Myers ' time in Colorado Springs ended with a controversy surrounding an undercover sting operation at a Hooters restaurant . In June 2011 , a pair of undercover detectives and an underage informant entered a Hooters restaurant to check to see if the employees there were properly checking for identification when serving alcohol . That Hooters had previously been cited for serving minors . The restaurant refused to serve the underage informant but the detectives said they witnessed a waitress continue to serve a pair of intoxicated patrons . The detectives left and the restaurant and the waitress later were cited for serving intoxicated patrons . It later emerged that the detectives had ordered beer and drank at least part of the beer while at the restaurant , and surveillance camera footage of the patrons who were reported to be intoxicated was inconclusive . The charges against Hooters and the waitress were dropped . Chief Myers and the newly elected mayor , Stephen Bach , asked the Colorado Bureau of Investigation to launch an investigation . Their report cleared the Colorado Springs Police Department of any wrongdoing , finding that the officers followed all appropriate procedures . The Colorado Springs Gazette and other media reported that Myers dismissed any notion that the Hooter 's controversy played a part in his retirement in a Facebook post . "  For those who have assumed that the controversy about a case at a local Hooter 's restaurant was responsible for my retirement , I can easily dismiss that one , " Myers reportedly wrote . "  Day in and day out , the Office of the Chief deals with so many sensitive issues , whether personnel related , crimes , public policy , fiscal ... this one does n't even register on the Richter scale . " CNN 's Jim Spellman in Denver contributed to this report	Colorado Springs veteran Richard Myers steps in as Sanford 's interim chief Myers , a 35-year veteran , is expected to serve for three to five months Sanford chief Bill Lee stays on administrative leave , the city says Sanford police have been under a microscope since the killing of Trayvon Martin
Washington  CNN  -- When Republican Rep. Paul Ryan and Democratic Sen. Patty Murray held a news conference -- together -- to announce that they reached a deal on the federal budget , the ideological opposites received immediate praise for their cooperation . And they reached their agreement that would avert a potential government shutdown in January just two days before the Congressionally imposed deadline for doing so . The proposal that was heading for final congressional approval in the Senate on Wednesday is being held up for all to see as a rare illustration of bipartisanship in a deeply divided Washington that could lead to greater Congressional comity . It 's "  an important step in helping to heal some of the wounds here in Congress , " Murray said when she announced the agreement with Ryan . No-drama budget vote : How can this be ? While she suggested the act of working together has the potential to influence the mood in Congress to be more agreeable , the deal removes a significant obstacle that has led to legislative gridlock so far this decade . For the next two years , Congress has a binding restriction on the amount of money it can spend . The deal split the difference between the amount that Republicans and Democrats wanted to spend -- $ 1.012 trillion for 2014 and $ 1.014 trillion for 2015 . "  This means we can fund the operations of government through regular , annual appropriations bills , instead of through last-minute , stop-gap bills that put the government on autopilot , " said Sen. Barbara Mikulski , who sits at the head of the Appropriations Committee . A big deal That 's a big deal . It 's the first time that a budget agreement has passed a divided House and the Senate since 1986 , according to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  Gridlock has got to end and it is ending , " Reid told reporters . "  It 's really a step forward . " But will it end gridlock ? "  No , " Congressional scholar Thomas Mann of the Brookings Institution said . "  I do n't expect it to have any lasting consequences , " Mann said . The budget agreement only solves part of the problem . While it sets spending levels , it does n't actually allocate the money and does n't specify how the money can be spent . That battle will begin immediately . Appropriations Committee members must agree before January 15 -- the deadline set by Congress in October for a new spending plan to be in place -- on how to divvy up the money . For instance , Republicans will want more money for the military . Democrats will want more money for Head Start programs . "  We may not even be through with this , " Mann said . And that 's not the only issue of contention to be worked out in January alone . Extended unemployment insurance benefits are set to expire December 28 , which will leave 1.3 million people without benefits and hit another 800,000 in the coming weeks . Despite the looming deadline , the issue was shelved in order to reach a budget deal . Reid vowed to address the issue immediately upon the Senate 's return in January . Republicans , however , are not keen on the extending the already expanded program . Again ? Before the budget deal even becomes law , signs of serious strife are already emerging around the debt ceiling , the nation 's borrowing limit , which is expected to be tapped in February . Since 2010 , the debt limit has sparked partisan fights and near-government shutdowns as Republicans want an increase in the debt ceiling tied to spending cuts . "  I ca n't imagine the Republicans want another fight on debt ceiling , " Reid told reporters Tuesday . But they are . And the foundation is being laid for a major battle in the new year . "  We do n't want nothing out of this debt limit , " Ryan said Sunday on Fox News . Over in the Senate , the sentiment is similar . A top Republican indicated that he expects his caucus to push for concessions related to reducing government spending . "  Every time the President asks us to raise the debt ceiling is a good time to try to achieve something important for the country , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday . An election year Further complicating this so-called season of bipartisanship is that 2014 is an election year , historically a time when less gets accomplished in Congress as lawmakers become even more risk averse and spend even more time fund-raising and campaigning . Lawmakers up for re-election are reluctant to take risky votes . And a decent indicator of how Congress deals with next year 's prickly battles is that all seven Republican Senators facing primary challengers in 2014 were opponents of the budget deal . And in the House , where all members are up for reelection , primary challengers are also common , forcing lawmakers to appeal to party activists often by shunning compromise . And that is unlikely to subside . Even though House Speaker John Boehner surprisingly criticized conservative groups publicly last week , no one on Capitol Hill expects the Ohio Republican to become the champion of bipartisanship . To be determined A host of issues still need to be worked out , including the Farm Bill , which affects the price consumers pay for groceries , payments to doctors who see Medicare patients , and immigration . And even the budget deal were to be reworked post-passage . Some lawmakers , including South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , vow to reverse a provision that reduces retirement benefits for military families . Mann said the budget deal is a singular instance of cooperation because it played into both parties best interests . Both parties avoided being labeled obstructionists and extremists . "  This is n't about good feelings among members but strategic behavior by two parties , " Mann said . Bipartisanship is , ultimately , a partisan play . Military retirees ` screwed ' in budget deal CNN 's Gregory Wallace and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Bipartisan budget deal first to pass divided Congress since 1986 It could pave the way for future bipartisanship But contentious issues and an election year could hamper progress
CNN  -- Spanish Primera Liga side Atletico Madrid have got one foot in the Champions League group stage after claiming a crucial 3-2 success at Greek side Panathinaikos in a tough qualifying round first leg encounter on Wednesday . Maxi Rodriguez celebrates scoring the opening goal in Atletico Madrid 's 3-2 win in Greece . The visitors took a 1-0 lead in the 36th minute when Diego Forlan set up Maxi Rodriguez who took the ball around Panathinaikos goalkeeper Mario Galinovic to score . Panathinaikos levelled in the 47th minute when Dimitris Salpingidis , who had an earlier goal disallowed , flicked the ball over Atletico keeper Sergio Asenjo . However , Forlan restored the Spaniards ' lead in the 63rd minute when he followed-up Rodriguez 's blistering drive which had come back off the post . In-demand Argentine striker Sergio Aguero made it 3-1 in the 70th minute but Panathinaikos substitute Sebastian Leto closed the gap four minutes later to give the Greek side some hope . In the night 's other matches , French side Lyon stormed closer to a 10th successive group stage appearance with a tumping 5-1 victory over Anderlecht . The Ligue 1 outfit had the match sewn up before half-time with Miralem Pjanic , a Lisandro Lopez penalty , Michel Bastos and Bafetimbi Gomis giving them a four-goal cushion . Anderlecht , beaten in Champions League qualifying for the last two seasons , pulled one back through Matias Suarez in the 58th minute , but Claude Puel 's Lyon side restored their four-goal advantage inside five minutes with Gomis grabbing his second of the night . Swiss side FC Zurich took a giant step closer to playing in the competition for the first time in 28 years by claiming a 3-0 lead at Latvian side Ventspils . Goals from Johan Vonlathen , Sylvan Aegerter and Dusan Djuriuc look almost certain to put Zurich into the last 32 of the competition . Debrecen edged closer to becoming Hungary 's first Champions League group stage participants since 1996 when they claimed a 2-1 advantage at Levski Sofia in Bulgaria . Laszlo Bodnar gave the Hungarians the lead but Levski levelled at the start of the second period with a fine strike from Cedric Bardon . However , 14 minutes from time , Peter Czvitkovics claimed Debrecen 's winner . Israeli champions Maccabi Haifa were also winners on the road with a goal six minutes from time from substitute Shlomi Arbeitman earning a 2-1 win at Salzburg . Georgian striker Vladimer Dvalishvili headed Haifa in front before Alexander Zickler equalized on 57 minutes for the Austrians .	Atletico Madrid beat Panathinaikos 3-2 in Champions League qualifier first leg Lyon look poised for a 10th year in competition after thumping Anderlecht 5-0 Zurich , Debrecen and Maccabi Haifa also edge closer to reaching group stage
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The final international leg of Glen Campbell 's "  Goodbye Tour " in Australia and New Zealand has been canceled because the long flight would have been too taxing for him , his representative said Wednesday . The Country Music Hall of Famer began the world tour last year after he went public with his Alzheimer 's diagnosis . Campbell , 76 , will perform the final shows on his U.S. tour , including six more shows this month and two in October , his rep said . "  As August approaches Glen realizes that he can not handle the extremely long travel that is required from Los Angeles to New Zealand and Australia , " his rep said . "  He has always loved performing in these countries and apologizes to his fans Down Under . " Last fall , Campbell released his final album , "  Ghost on the Canvas , " then hit the road on for his farewell tour . Despite his illness , Campbell delivers a smooth performance . He uses teleprompters at the foot of the stage help him with lyrics to the songs he 's sung for decades . Michael Jackson 's family attacks executors His family surrounds him on the stage to help in those rare moments when he becomes disoriented . "  He looks at me sometimes if he is confused , and I just smile at him , " said daughter Ashley , who stands nearby playing keyboards , banjo and violin . "  I just try to make him feel like he is surrounded by people that love him on stage . " Campbell , who won five Grammys during his recording career , was given a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award this year . He also performed in the live Grammys telecast in February . Campbell began his recording career as a Los Angeles studio musician in the late 1950s , lending his talents to many hits . He became part of the renowned "  Wrecking Crew " of musicians . Bobby Vee 's bravest song Campbell joined the Beach Boys as a tour fill-in for Brian Wilson in 1964 and 1965 . He played on the group 's "  Pet Sounds " studio album in 1966 . He released his first solo record in 1962 , but his career skyrocketed with the 1967 release of two songs that made music history . "  Gentle on My Mind " was awarded two Grammys in the country category , while "  By the Time I Get to Phoenix " was honored with two pop Grammys . Other major hits followed , including "  Wichita Lineman " in 1968 and "  Galveston " a year later . He hit the top of the country chart again in 1975 with "  Rhinestone Cowboy " and with "  Southern Nights " in 1977 . John Wayne was so impressed with the Arkansas native that he cast him in his 1969 big-screen classic "  True Grit . " Campbell 's acting earned him a Golden Globe nomination for "  Most Promising Newcomer . " Campbell became a television star when he hosted a summer replacement show on CBS in 1968 , which led to "  The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour , " debuting in May 1969 . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Campbell "  realizes that he can not handle the extremely long travel that is required , " rep says Glen Campbell , 76 , will perform the final shows on his U.S. tour this month and in October Campbell began the world tour last year after he went public with his Alzheimer 's diagnosis His family surrounds him on the stage to help in case he becomes disoriented
CNN  -- Between "  Breaking Bad , " "  House of Cards , " "  Homeland " and its respective stars , the 2013 Emmys race was tight . While the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences did n't hand out Emmys to all of the actors we thought would win , we were pleased to see some first-timers walk away with accolades . Here 's who won -- along with the other nominees -- during Sunday 's ceremony : Outstanding drama series -- "  Breaking Bad " / WINNER -- "  Downton Abbey " -- "  Game of Thrones " -- "  Homeland " -- "  House of Cards " -- "  Mad Men " Outstanding lead actress in a drama series -- Claire Danes , "  Homeland " / WINNER -- Connie Britton , "  Nashville " -- Michelle Dockery , "  Downton Abbey " -- Vera Farmiga , "  Bates Motel " -- Elisabeth Moss , "  Mad Men " -- Kerry Washington , "  Scandal " -- Robin Wright , "  House of Cards " Outstanding lead actor in a drama series -- Jeff Daniels , "  The Newsroom " / WINNER -- Hugh Bonneville , "  Downton Abbey " -- Bryan Cranston , "  Breaking Bad " -- Jon Hamm , "  Mad Men " -- Damian Lewis , "  Homeland " -- Kevin Spacey , "  House of Cards " Outstanding supporting actor in a drama series -- Bobby Cannavale , "  Boardwalk Empire " / WINNER -- Jonathan Banks , "  Breaking Bad " -- Jim Carter , "  Downton Abbey " -- Peter Dinklage , "  Game of Thrones " -- Mandy Patinkin , "  Homeland " -- Aaron Paul , "  Breaking Bad " Outstanding supporting actress in a drama series -- Anna Gunn , "  Breaking Bad " / WINNER -- Morena Baccarin , "  Homeland " -- Christine Baranski , "  The Good Wife " -- Emilia Clarke , "  Game of Thrones " -- Christina Hendricks , "  Mad Men " -- Maggie Smith , "  Downton Abbey " Outstanding guest actor in a drama series -- Dan Bucatinsky , "  Scandal " / WINNER -- Rupert Friend , "  Homeland " -- Harry Hamlin , "  Mad Men " -- Michael J. Fox , "  The Good Wife " -- Robert Morse , "  Mad Men " -- Nathan Lane , "  The Good Wife " Outstanding guest actress in a drama series -- Carrie Preston , "  The Good Wife " / WINNER -- Diana Rigg , "  Game of Thrones " -- Joan Cusack , "  Shameless " -- Jane Fonda , "  The Newsroom " -- Margo Martindale , "  The Americans " -- Linda Cardellini , "  Mad Men " Outstanding directing for a drama series -- David Fincher , "  House of Cards " / WINNER -- Tim Van Patten , "  Boardwalk Empire " -- Michelle MacLaren , "  Breaking Bad " -- Jeremy Webb , "  Downton Abbey " -- Lesli Linka Glatter , "  Homeland " Outstanding writing for a drama series -- Henry Bromell , "  Homeland " / WINNER -- George Mastras , "  Breaking Bad " -- Thomas Schnauz , "  Breaking Bad " -- Julian Fellowes , "  Downton Abbey " -- David Benioff and D.B. Weiss , "  Game of Thrones " Outstanding comedy series -- "  Modern Family " / WINNER -- "  The Big Bang Theory " -- "  Girls " -- "  Louie " -- "  Veep " -- "  30 Rock " Outstanding lead actress in a comedy series -- Julia Louis-Dreyfus , "  Veep " / WINNER -- Laura Dern , "  Enlightened " -- Lena Dunham , "  Girls " -- Edie Falco , "  Nurse Jackie " -- Tina Fey , "  30 Rock " -- Amy Poehler , "  Parks and Recreation " Outstanding lead actor in a comedy series -- Jim Parsons , "  The Big Bang Theory " / WINNER -- Alec Baldwin , "  30 Rock " -- Jason Bateman , "  Arrested Development " -- Don Cheadle , "  House of Lies " -- Louis CK , "  Louie " -- Matt LeBlanc , "  Episodes " Outstanding supporting actor in a comedy series -- Tony Hale , "  Veep " -- WINNER -- Ty Burrell , "  Modern Family " -- Adam Driver , "  Girls " -- Jesse Tyler Ferguson , "  Modern Family " -- Bill Hader , "  Saturday Night Live " -- Ed O'Neill , "  Modern Family " Outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series -- Merritt Wever , "  Nurse Jackie " / WINNER -- Mayim Bialik , "  The Big Bang Theory " -- Julie Bowen , "  Modern Family " -- Anna Chlumsky , "  Veep " -- Jane Krakowski , "  30 Rock " -- Jane Lynch , "  Glee " -- Sofia Vergara , "  Modern Family " Outstanding guest actor in a comedy series -- Bob Newhart , "  The Big Bang Theory " / WINNER -- Will Forte , "  30 Rock " -- Bobby Cannavale , "  Nurse Jackie " -- Justin Timberlake , "  Saturday Night Live " -- Louis C.K. , "  Saturday Night Live " -- Nathan Lane , "  Modern Family " Outstanding guest actress in a comedy series -- Melissa Leo , "  Louie " / WINNER -- Elaine Stritch , "  30 Rock " -- Molly Shannon , "  Enlightened " -- Dot-Marie Jones , "  Glee " -- Kristen Wiig , "  Saturday Night Live " -- Melissa McCarthy , "  Saturday Night Live " Outstanding writing for a comedy series -- Tina Fey and Tracey Wigfield , "  30 Rock " / WINNER -- Louis C.K. and Pamela Adlon , "  Louie " -- Jack Burditt and Robert Carlock , "  30 Rock " -- David Crane and Jeffrey Klarik , "  Episodes " -- Greg Daniels , "  The Office " Outstanding directing for a comedy series -- Gail Mancuso , "  Modern Family " / WINNER -- Lena Dunham , "  Girls " -- Louis C.K. , "  Louie " -- Beth McCarthy-Miller , "  30 Rock " -- Paris Barclay , "  Glee " Outstanding miniseries or movie -- "  Behind the Candelabra " / WINNER -- "  American Horror Story : Asylum " -- "  The Bible " -- "  Phil Spector " -- "  Political Animals " -- "  Top of the Lake " Outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or movie -- Michael Douglas , "  Behind the Candelabra " / WINNER -- Matt Damon , "  Behind the Candelabra " -- Benedict Cumberbatch , "  Parade 's End " -- Toby Jones , "  The Girl " -- Al Pacino , "  Phil Spector " Outstanding lead actress in a miniseries or movie -- Laura Linney , "  The Big C : Hereafter " / WINNER -- Jessica Lange , "  American Horror Story : Asylum -- Helen Mirren , "  Phil Spector " -- Elisabeth Moss , "  Top of the Lake " -- Sigourney Weaver , "  Political Animals " Outstanding supporting actor in a miniseries or movie -- James Cromwell , "  American Horror Story : The Asylum " / WINNER -- Scott Bakula , "  Behind the Candelabra " -- John Benjamin Hickey , "  The Big C : Hereafter " -- Peter Mullan , "  Top of the Lake " -- Zachary Quinto , "  American Horror Story : The Asylum " Outstanding supporting actress in a miniseries or movie -- Ellen Burstyn , "  Political Animals " / WINNER -- Sarah Paulson , "  American Horror Story : Asylum " -- Charlotte Rampling , "  Restless " -- Imelda Staunton , "  The Girl " -- Alfre Woodard , "  Steel Magnolias " Outstanding directing for a miniseries or movie -- Steven Soderbergh , "  Behind the Candelabra " / WINNER -- David Mamet , "  Phil Spector " -- Allison Anders , "  Ring of Fire " -- Julian Jarrold , "  The Girl " -- Jane Campion and Garth Davis , "  Top of the Lake " Outstanding writing for a miniseries or movie -- Abi Morgan , "  The Hour " / WINNER -- Richard LaGravenese , "  Behind the Candelabra " -- Tom Stoppard , "  Parade 's End " -- David Mamet , "  Phil Spector " -- Jane Campion and Gerard Lee , "  Top of the Lake " Outstanding reality competition program -- "  The Voice " / WINNER -- "  The Amazing Race " -- "  Dancing With the Stars " -- "  Project Runway " -- "  So You Think You Can Dance " -- "  Top Chef " Outstanding host for a reality or reality-competition program -- Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn , "  Project Runway " / WINNERS -- Tom Bergeron , "  Dancing With the Stars " -- Anthony Bourdain , "  The Taste " -- Cat Deeley , "  So You Think You Can Dance " -- Ryan Seacrest , "  American Idol " -- Betty White , "  Betty White 's Off Their Rockers " Outstanding variety series -- "  The Colbert Report " / WINNER -- "  The Daily Show With Jon Stewart " -- "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " -- "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon " -- "  Real Time With Bill Maher " -- "  Saturday Night Live " Outstanding writing for a variety series -- "  The Colbert Report " / WINNER -- "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " -- "  Portlandia " -- "  Real Time With Bill Maher " -- "  Saturday Night Live " -- "  The Daily Show With Jon Stewart " Outstanding directing for a variety series -- Don Roy King , "  Saturday Night Live " / WINNER -- Andy Fisher , "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " -- Jerry Foley , "  Late Show with David Letterman " -- Jonathan Krisel , "  Portlandia " -- James Hoskinson , "  The Colbert Report " -- Chuck O'Neil , "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " Outstanding choreography -- Derek Hough , "  Dancing With the Stars " / WINNER -- Travis Wall , "  So You Think You Can Dance " -- Napoleon Dumo and Tabitha Dumo , "  So You Think You Can Dance " -- Mandy Jo Moore , "  So You Think You Can Dance " -- Sonya Tayeh , "  So You Think You Can Dance " -- Warren Carlyle , "  Rodgers & Hammerstein 's Carousel "  Live From Lincoln Center -- Derek Hough and Allison Holker , "  Dancing With the Stars "	The 65th Emmy Awards were hosted by Neil Patrick Harris "  Breaking Bad " won best drama , and "  Modern Family " won best comedy HBO 's "  Behind the Candelabra " was named best miniseries or movie
CNN  -- He 's known as the "  bull dog " in South Africa 's legal circles , and just days in to Gerrie Nel 's merciless cross-examination of Oscar Pistorius , it 's easy to see why . The veteran state prosecutor 's relentless grilling of Pistorius -- on trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day last year -- has riveted people around the world to their TV sets , and has sparked a debate about whether Nel 's no-holds-barred tactics have crossed the line . Nel had to wait weeks to take on Pistorius , but has wasted no time since he got the chance late on Tuesday . At various times Nel has called the 27-year-old a liar , implied that Pistorius was pretending to be too emotional to testify , reduced him to tears , and laughed at him for failing to recall the answer to one of Nel 's questions as the prosecutor ruthlessly tore into various aspects of his testimony . On Wednesday Nel took the defense by surprise when he played a video , taken just months before Steenkamp 's death , of Pistorius shooting a watermelon at a firing range with friends and describing the impact as a "  zombie-stopper . " "  You know that the same happened to Reeva 's head ? It exploded , " Nel told Pistorius , before showing the court -- and the multitudes around the world watching on live TV -- a grisly photograph of Steenkamp 's wounded head , her hair soaked in blood and tissue from the impact of the bullet that tore through her skull . "  Have a look there , " Nel barked , to gasps from the courtroom . "  I know you do n't want to because you do n't want to take responsibility , but it 's time that you look at it . " Pistorius , sobbing heavily , said , "  I 've taken responsibility but I will not look at a picture where I 'm tormented by what I saw and felt that night . As I picked Reeva up my fingers touched her head -- I remember , I do n't have to look at a picture , I was there . " Pistorius ' family sat appalled at the front of the courtroom . The sprinter 's attorney , Barry Roux , called Nel 's tactics an "  ambush " and objected . And the court adjourned for a recess , leaving a hysterical Pistorius to weep in the dock and shocked journalists and legal observers to debate what they 'd just seen . "  It 's not unusual for an accused to be shown pictures of the deceased . Although not always in this dramatic manner , " tweeted Barry Bateman , an Eyewitness News reporter in the courtroom . Other reporters said that June Steenkamp , Reeva 's mother , had been warned about the photo and understood why the prosecution believed it needed to be shown . Did Nel overstep the bounds of decency in his interrogation of Pistorius ? CNN legal expert Kelly Phelps says that while Nel 's strategy -- to unnerve the accused and destabilize his version of events -- was valid , showing the world a bloody photo of Steenkamp was "  unnecessary and gratuitous . " "  Nel has a responsibility to protect the dignity of the deceased and the victim 's family , " Phelps said . "  He could have showed Pistorius that photo without having to broadcast it for the whole world to see . " While Phelps said most people she spoke to shared that view , others said that Nel 's ultimate responsibility to the victim and the family is to achieve justice . If that 's how the prosecutor thinks he 'll get a conviction , then he 's right to pursue any avenues to get there , the thinking goes . Nel has infuriated quite a few opposing lawyers over the course of his career , Phelps says , but he has long had a reputation for being incorruptible and impossible to intimidate . When he went after South African police commissioner Jackie Selebi in a corruption case in 2008 , he was arrested in front of his family . He spent a few days in jail before being released -- and ultimately put Selebi behind bars . In his spare time , he 's active in South Africa 's amateur wrestling federation as a coach and official . Nel may be known for being a courtroom bull dog , but is his bark worse than his bite ? Despite his long assault on Pistorius ' testimony , the fact remains that the state has very little evidence to disprove the track star 's version of events that night . "  I think he knows that the state 's case is mostly circumstantial , and it was always going to rely heavily on cross-examining Pistorius , " Phelps said . "  And while Nel 's been successful in getting his narrative on the record , he has n't yet been able to get Pistorius to support that narrative . " In other countries , Nel 's almost theatrical approach might be able to sway some members of a jury , but South Africa does n't have jury trials -- and Judge Thokozile Masipa has already reprimanded Nel several times when he stepped over the line in her view . Ultimately Phelps says she does n't expect the judge 's decision to be affected by the prosecutor 's flair for the dramatic . "  She 's experienced enough to know the various tactics employed by the lawyers on each side , " Phelps says . "  She will have sat before them in court on many occasions , and she 's well positioned to cut through the white noise . " "  Still , it 's never wise to get a judge 's back up . " READ MORE : Pistorius : I never picked on Reeva Steenkamp CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius trial prosecutor Gerrie Nel known for no-holds-barred approach to witnesses Nel shocked courtroom by showing graphic photo of deceased Reeva Steenkamp Some observers say Nel stepped over the line ; others say Nel is just doing his job Phelps : State has little evidence to disprove Pistorius ' case that he is innocent of murder charge
CNN  -- Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny , facing a five-year prison term and free pending an appeal , returned to Moscow on Saturday and vowed he will be elected mayor . Hundreds of supporters and journalists met Navalny 's train as he returned from his trial in Kirov , according to state-run Ria Novosti . "  We are a huge , powerful force , " Navalny told the crowd . "  I 'm very glad that we 've started to recognize that force ourselves . ... I want to apologize to you for not believing so strongly in you . " His apology referred to his statements Friday that he was not certain he would run for mayor . By Saturday , he was declaring , "  We will go to the elections and we will win , " Rio Novosti reported . Navalny was detained overnight Thursday after a court in Kirov city found him guilty of misappropriating about $ 500,000 in a lumber deal when he was an adviser to the region 's governor . He was released Friday . Navalny denied wrongdoing and said he was targeted because he is one of Russian President Vladimir Putin 's most outspoken critics . ' A parody of a prosecution ' Navalny 's conviction and sentencing Thursday prompted wide condemnation . The European Union 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton , called the trial a sham . And former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev issued a statement saying the case "  unfortunately confirms that we do not have an independent judiciary . " Navalny has been a prominent organizer of street protests , and has attacked corruption in Russian government . "  Navalny 's prosecution is meant to silence a leader and messenger , " said Rachel Denber , deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Europe division Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia program director , John Dalhuisen , said , "  This was a parody of a prosecution and a parody of a trial . The case was twice closed for lack of evidence of a crime , before being reopened on the personal instruction of Russia 's top investigator . "	"  We are a huge , powerful force , " Navalny tells crowd in Moscow Opposition leader is facing a five-year prison term Navalny will appeal his conviction , denies he misappropriated money in a lumber deal He vows not to waver again about finishing mayoral campaign
CNN  -- Somalia 's government said Saturday they are investigating the death of a Malaysian cameraman who was shot dead when African Union peacekeepers allegedly fired on his convoy . Noramfaizul Mohd Nor was travelling with a convoy of humanitarian workers when a contingent of Ugandan-nationals with AMISOM opened fire , killing Nor and wounding another journalist , TV-3 reporter Aji Saregar Mazlan , Somalia 's transitional government said in a Saturday statement . "  The police and the security forces immediately reached the location of the incident and started a full investigation for the shocking action , " the government said . Attempts to reach AU representative were not immediately successful Saturday . On Friday , Nor was heading to the outskirts of Mogadishu to cover a Malay-sponsored project to help drought victims on behalf of Malaysia 's national news agency Bernama . In an interview with Bernama , Malaysia 's Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak said Nor was a "  hero . " "  He was willing to take the risk to provide extensive coverage of our missions to help others in many parts of the world , " he said . Reporters without Borders , an activist organization on behalf of journalist , said Friday that Somalia continued to be one of the most dangerous countries in the world for journalists , often caught in the cross-fir between Islamic Al-Shabaab militia and pro-government forces . "  Nor joins the long list of journalists killed in the course of their work in Somalia , Africa 's deadliest country for media personnel with 23 killed since 2007 , " Reporters Without Borders said Friday . "  Despite the recent retreat by the Islamist insurgent group Al-Shabaab , the violence and fighting in Mogadishu have not stopped and covering Somalia continues to be extremely dangerous , " the organization stated . CNN 's David Mckenzie contributed to this report	Malaysian Prime Minister mourns the loss of national "  hero " Cameraman was traveling with a humanitarian convoy to film Malaysia famine project Somali government said African Union peacekeepers fired on Nor 's convoy Somalia is one of the world 's most dangerous places for journalists , activists say
Washington  CNN  -- Shaun McCutcheon is an electrical engineer by trade , but grassroots politics may be his true passion . The Alabama native has worked for years with his local Republican Party in Birmingham , and is chairman of Conservative Action Fund , a so-called "  super PAC " that "  promotes conservative Republicans ' time-proven messages and effective solutions . " McCutcheon 's success in business and a willingness to put his money into GOP coffers has put him at the center of a politically tricky Supreme Court fight over federal campaign donations . Oral arguments in the case will be heard on Tuesday , a day after the court begins its new term . The government shutdown is not expected to affect the court 's normal work schedule . At issue is whether strict limits on direct campaign contributions by individuals -- in the Federal Election Campaign Act -- violate the First Amendment . A ruling by spring could have an immediate impact on the congressional midterm elections next November , and be another blow to existing federal election laws . The appeal from the 46-year-old owner of a Tuscaloosa-based company is supported in court by the Republican National Committee . They object to a 1970s Watergate-era law restricting someone from giving no more than $ 48,600 to federal candidates , and $ 74,600 to political action committees , during a two-year election cycle -- for a maximum of $ 123,200 . Church and state , executive power on Supreme Court docket McCutcheon says he has a constitutional right to donate more than that amount to as many office seekers as he wants , so long as no one candidate gets more than the $ 2,600 per election limit . He supports those individual controls , but "  what does n't make any sense is that you can only give that amount of money to a few candidates , because somehow my giving money to  U.S. Rep.  Martha Roby of Alabama could corrupt  former Rep.  Allen West of Florida . That 's just nutty , but that 's what the powers-that-be want : to prevent folks who want to get involved from having the same ability to get involved and support candidates that big union PACs have . " Political speech or not ? McCutcheon equates his donations to "  core political speech . " But backers of continued congressional regulation do not see it that way . "  The reason we have limitations on the dollars an individual can give is to create some sense of fairness , so that if we do have a campaign finance system driven by donations , we have as many opportunities for as many people as possible to participate , " said Robert Zimmerman , a prominent Democratic fundraiser . "  That 's why there are limitations , so that everyone has an equal or fair voice in the process . Not only are our elections being put up for auction , these donors are making an investment in the democratic system for their own agenda and we taxpayers have to foot the bill , " he said . Zimmerman , too , lives and breathes politics and is a member of the national party 's finance team , helping raise about $ 500,000 for President Barack Obama 's re-election effort . Fundamental debate A special three-judge federal panel in Washington earlier rejected McCutcheon 's appeal . The competing arguments are stark : supporters of campaign finance reform say current federal regulations are designed to prevent corruption in politics . Opponents said it would criminalize free speech and association . The current case deals with direct political contributions . A separate 2010 high court case dealt with campaign spending by outside groups , seeking to influence federal elections . There , the conservative majority -- citing free speech concerns -- eased long-standing restrictions on "  independent spending " by corporations , labor unions , and certain non-profit advocacy groups in political campaigns . The so-called "  Citizens United " ruling helped open the floodgates to massive corporate spending in the 2012 elections . It also led to further litigation seeking to loosen current restrictions on both the spending and donation areas . The three-year-old ruling also put corporations on the same free speech footing as wealthy individuals , who have long enjoyed the ability to spend freely on behalf of federal candidates . That and a subsequent decision from a federal appeals court in Washington have led to a proliferation of so-called "  super PACs " -- separate political action committees that can raise and spend unlimited amounts of cash from businesses , unions , and advocacy groups . These super PACs are independent political organizations operating as "  527s , " named after the tax code governing their operation . They can not contribute directly to a federal candidate or political party . Limits on direct contributions to candidates by corporations and individuals remain in place , the focus in part of the current McCutcheon appeal . Some political experts say a ruling in favor of increased , or even unlimited , aggregate individual donor contributions could put party committees and political action committees on a greater competitive track with the "  super PACs . " All PACs are organizations that campaign either for or against candidates , legislation , or ballot measures . The difference is in how they are organized for regulatory and tax purposes , and by the amounts of money they are allowed to spend . Regular PACs may also give limited donations to federal candidates and political parties , while super PACs can not . Legal , political fallout If they win at the high court , wealthy donors like McCutcheon -- whether Democrat , Republican , or Independent -- could in theory contribute a maximum $ 3.6 million to the national and state parties , and the 450 or so Senate and House candidates expected to run in 2014 . Key for the conservative majority court is whether the current law has a permissible goal of preventing political corruption or the appearance of it . And both sides of the legal fight have entrenched views on that . "  Limitations on a citizen 's First Amendment rights can not be drawn to target the most outlandish hypotheticals that interest groups can conceive , " said the National Republican Senatorial Committee and National Republican Congressional Committee in a legal brief . "  Especially where those interest groups have an interest in manufacturing the ` appearance ' of corruption that this court has held can justify campaign finance regulation . " But those who want current controls to remain in place say if aggregate contribution limits to candidates or parties disappear , it would make it easier for the money to get routed by party leaders into other close races nationwide . "  If the court continues in the direction of Citizens United , " said Sen. Elizabeth Warren  D-Massachusetts  in a recent speech sponsored by the progressive Constitutional Accountability Center , "  we may move another step closer to neutering Congress ' ability to limit the influence of money in politics and another step closer to unlimited corporate contributions given directly to candidates and political committees . " What is the impact ? Another point of contention is whether the aggregate spending limits are really having a pervasive effect , or only involve a relative few well-heeled givers . Figures from the Center for Responsive Politics for the 2012 race showed about 600 donors leveraged their money to each give the maximum of about $ 48,000 total -- benefitting no more than 17 presidential or congressional candidates . Almost 1700 contributors forked over the maximum limit to party committees , which added up to more than $ 100 million . Loosening those limits , say opponents of the law , would benefit wealthy liberals and conservatives equally . But the Supreme Court has never in its history overturned a federal contribution limit . "  Now imagine that overall contribution limits are struck down . Presidential candidates in 2016 could solicit and each of these donors could contribute as much as $ 1.2 million to their joint fundraising committees " said Fred Wertheimer , founder and president of Democracy 21 , a longtime activist on campaign spending reform . "  It may well open the door to striking down all of the remaining contribution limits , taking us back to the robber-baron era . " The presidential campaigns of Obama and his Republican opponent Mitt Romney were able to create joint fundraising committees and , working with their respective parties , pool fundraising resources . That meant those campaigns were able to solicit contributions to the maximum $ 70,800 per donor . Wertheimer says an end to contribution limits would be an "  unmitigated disaster . " But McCutcheon argues that characterizing the legal fight as between "  good " and "  bad " simply blurs the truth . "  Getting rid of the aggregate limits is not about corrupting democracy -- it is about practicing democracy , " he said . "  This case is about freedom -- your freedom and my freedom -- to express ourselves openly and fully within our political system . And if there is one thing that we Americans believe with all our hearts , it is that freedom never corrupts . " The case is McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission  12-536  .	Alabama man active in GOP politics at center of tricky fight At issue is whether strict limits on individual campaign contributions violate the First Amendment A ruling by spring could have an immediate impact on the congressional midterm elections "  Citizens United " decision dealt with contributions from businesses
CNN  -- For centuries , man has been on a quest to find the elixir to eternal life . Alchemists struggled fruitlessly to create the legendary philosopher 's stone , a mythical substance capable of turning base metals into precious gold and said to hold the key to immortality . But perhaps they were going about it the wrong way . Instead of searching for answers on land , maybe they should have been looking to the sea . In the seaside town of Shirahama , in Japan , one man thinks he knows what holds the key to everlasting life : jellyfish . Shin Kubota is a professor at Kyoto University 's Seto Marine Biological Laboratory . He began studying the gelatinous sea creatures in 1979 , and there 's one type with which he 's particularly preoccupied : the scarlet jellyfish . "  They do n't die , " Kubota says , "  they rejuvenate . " He adds that they are one of three jellyfish species in japan that are considered "  immortal . " "  One day in my plankton net , there was a small scarlet jellyfish from  the  south , which had many sharp sticks stuck into its body , " he recalls . "  I thought ` poor thing ' and removed all of the sticks , hoping it may become better and swim again . But it did n't and shrunk . However , it rejuvenated ! " Swimming with sharks , without a cage It 's less immortality and more regeneration , but Kubota believes these tiny marine animals could hold the secret to perpetual life . When an adult scarlet jellyfish -- or medusa -- is injured , it goes to the bottom of the ocean floor . From there , it morphs back into its infant state , known as a polyp . Then the polyp becomes a new medusa , allowing the jellyfish to move between an adult and infant state in about two months . Kubota has succeeded in making one jellyfish rejuvenate an incredible 12 times in the lab . But there remain many unanswered questions . "  There should be a key to rejuvenation in the system of scarlet jellyfish , " says Kubota . "  I 'd like to believe it could be applied to human beings , because genetically , jellyfish and humans are not so different . " Watch the video below to see more about Kubota 's work at the Seto Marine Biological Laboratory and Japan 's "  immortal " jellyfish . Photographer puts you face-to-face with sharks , by swimming uncaged Ready for this jelly ? Strange sea creatures invade beaches Why are ` mousetronauts ' headed to space station ?	Japanese scarlet jellyfish is known as the "  immortal jellyfish " Professor Shin Kubota is a marine expert from Japan researching its life cycle He says the jellyfish could be the key to rejuvenation in humans
