LONDON , England  CNN  -- On the surface , the similarities are striking ; they were both princesses born in the 1940s in a foreign land . Young and beautiful , the long-haired brunettes soon fell in love and followed their men to the United States where they built a reputation for steely determination and strength . Diane von Furstenberg 's comic book image appears in the window at the London launch of her Wonder Woman collection . Thirty years later , in the 1970s , one was rewarded with her own fashion empire , the other , her own TV show . The only thing really separating them was the magic lasso . Oh , and the invisible plane , and maybe the bracelets that deflect bullets ... Belgian-born New York designer Diane von Furstenberg has used Diana Prince , aka Wonder Woman , as inspiration for her latest collection , a brightly-colored clothing range that proves dressing like a cartoon character need n't involve teaming knee-high boots with hot pants . The influence of the American stars and stripes are evident in the collection , but in the star piece , a full-length dress , they blend together in muted tones , hinting only at their origin rather than screaming out superhero . The collection was launched in London last night , a day after Barack Obama stormed home as the next President of the United States . Diane von Furstenberg watched the election results from a London hotel room , having lodged an absentee vote from Asia . "  I think it 's amazing -- I think we need him desperately , " she said . In what could only be a gift from the marketing gods , images of the President-elect dressed as Superman started appearing on street corners in the U.S. in the lead-up to the election . Obama has insisted he 's no superman , but do the images demonstrate that America is hoping and searching for a superhero ? If not Superman , maybe Wonder Woman ? "  It 's not about a superhero , " says Diane von Furstenberg . It 's just because he 's bright and he 's willing to do the work . And he 's young and he has energy , and that 's it . " Of all of America 's superheroes -- and there are many -- Wonder Woman is seen as one of the most patriotic . She literally wears the stars and stripes . See images of Wonder Woman through the ages and the DVF collection " She was created in 1941 during World War II by William Moulton Marston as a female alternative to the plethora of male action heroes who were saving the world in comic books of the day . He also invented the lie detector , the early version of Wonder Woman 's "  Lasso of Truth . " As the story goes , Wonder Woman was an Amazonian princess who left her home on Paradise Island to fight the "  Axis powers " in the world of man . By day , she was Diana Prince who , with a quick spin , transformed into Wonder Woman , ready to destroy Nazi enemies , foil Japanese plots and expose international spy rings . In the early 1970s , she became a cover girl for feminism , appearing on the cover of the inaugural "  Ms. " magazine . Fame followed on television when she was immortalized by actress Lynda Carter . After years of lying low , she starred in a popular exhibition "  Superheroes : Fantasy and Fashion " at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York earlier this year . Curator Andrew Bolton says , "  When designers look to Wonder Woman there are two things they seem to refer to -- her role as Amazon woman , this strong powerful Amazonian figure -- and her as a symbol of America , a symbol of democracy . " In 2001 , John Galliano for Christian Dior used Wonder Woman as inspiration for a rather risque ensemble which included a red and white striped jacket , starry gold bustier and tiny knickers . Bolton says the 9/11 attacks in 2001 sparked a resurgence in American patriotism that 's been strengthened this week with the election of a man with a mandate for change . "  I think that the idea of patriotism has become much more potent , certainly in light of recent events , " Bolton says . "  It 's a celebration of a new regime , a new democratic regime . " It 's perfect timing perhaps for the launch of a fashion range that celebrates an all-American , albeit originally Amazonian , hero . For Diane , the Wonder Woman collection is more about empowering women than tapping into the zeitgeist : "  The message is that there 's a wonder woman inside every one of us , " she says . She 's penned a limited edition comic book to go with the collection , "  The Adventures of Diva , Viva and Fifa , " which is emblazoned with the message "  Be the Wonder Woman you can be . " All proceeds from the sale of the comic books , and a portion of the sales of the collection , go to Vital Voices , a non-governmental organization that aspires to empower women in developing countries , to address human trafficking and to train future leaders . "  What Diane von Furstenberg has done for us , by the Wonder Woman book , by supporting us in the way she has done has raised the profile of Vital Voices , " says Baroness Mary Goudie , one of the group 's directors . "  And by her example , she 's empowering young women and other women around the world . " A bit like Wonder Woman , really .	Wonder Woman inspired Diane von Furstenberg 's latest fashion collection The 1940s comic book character is considered one of America 's most patriotic Diane Von Furstenberg : "  There 's a Wonder Woman inside every one of us " Proceeds will go to Vital Voices , a group that empowers women worldwide
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch protégé Rebekah Brooks was charged Tuesday with conspiracy over alleged illegal payments to a Ministry of Defence employee , London 's Metropolitan Police said Tuesday . In a separate case , Andy Coulson , another former Murdoch employee who went on to work for Prime Minister David Cameron , faces charges of conspiring to make illegal payments to officials for information relating to the royal family , Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service said . Read more : Why media fights back so hard Brooks and Coulson are former editors of the now-defunct News of the World newspaper , owned by a UK subsidiary of Murdoch 's News Corp. , News International . Brooks also was editor of daily tabloid The Sun from 2003 to 2009 before becoming chief executive of News International . Two others face charges of conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office alongside Brooks -- the former chief reporter at The Sun , John Kay , and Bettina Jordan-Barber , employed by the Ministry of Defence . A fourth suspect , identified only as a second public official , remains under investigation , the CPS said . The charges in this case relate to the period from January 1 , 2004 , to January 31 of this year , Alison Levitt , chief legal adviser to the director of public prosecutions , said in a statement . "  This conspiracy relates to information allegedly provided by Bettina Jordan Barber for payment which formed the basis of a series of news stories published by The Sun , " Levitt said . "  It is alleged that approximately # 100,000 was paid to Bettina Jordan Barber between 2004 and 2011 . " Kay , 69 , and Brooks , 44 , were formally charged at London police stations Tuesday . Both are scheduled to appear at Westminster Magistrates ' Court on November 29 . The case in which Coulson is charged also involves former News of the World royal correspondent Clive Goodman . Both men face two counts of conspiring to commit misconduct in public office . "  The allegations relate to the request and authorization of payments to public officials in exchange for information , including a palace phone directory known as the "  Green Book " containing contact details for the royal family and members of the household , " Levitt said . Royal officials declined to comment on the charges . Coulson , who took over as editor of News of the World in 2003 , having served as deputy editor for three years , resigned from the post in 2007 . He was then appointed director of communications for Cameron but stepped down in early 2011 amid questions over allegations of phone hacking by the News of the World , saying he did not want to be a distraction . The charges against Coulson , Brooks and the other suspects result from a Metropolitan Police investigation into alleged illegal payments to public officials , codenamed Operation Elveden . It was launched in conjunction with police inquiries into alleged phone and computer hacking . The News of the World was shuttered in summer 2011 amid public outrage over revelations that it hacked into the voicemail of a missing schoolgirl , Milly Dowler , who later turned out to have been murdered . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Susannah Palk and Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebekah Brooks will appear in court next week , charged over alleged illegal payments Andy Coulson faces charges over alleged payments to officials in a separate case Brooks and Coulson edited a newspaper that was part of the News Corp. empire Coulson was director of communications for Prime Minister David Cameron
Washington  CNN  -- It may seem counterintuitive , but federal aviation officials said Wednesday they will make the skies safer for air travelers not by punishing FAA employees who report making mistakes , but by protecting them from punishment . Federal Aviation Administration officials announced that as part of a new "  safety culture " at the agency , they would fully embrace nonpunitive reporting systems , in an effort to generate information that could expose bigger dangers . "  Make no mistake about it : We do n't condone  errors  , " said David Grizzle , the FAA 's Chief Operating Officer . "  However , we presume the good intent of our controllers and are more interested in the free flow of information than we are in punishing for errors . " The FAA took a half-step in that direction in 2008 , creating a nonpunitive reporting system for air traffic controllers . On Wednesday , the FAA said it was expanding the program to employees who maintain radar installations and other systems . And it changed longstanding FAA nomenclature . From now on , "  operational errors " -- for instance , when an air traffic controller brings two planes too close together -- will be known as "  operational incidents . " TSA experiments with lighter screening of elderly The change will reduce the "  stigma " associated with errors , Grizzle said , thereby increasing information and allowing the agency to make life-saving changes . The new system , paradoxically , will mean an increase in reported "  operational incidents " in the short term , officials said . Incident reports "  will certainly go up in the next few years with all of our additional reporting systems , " Grizzle said . But risk will be going down , he said . Safety advocates have long touted the benefits of nonpunitive systems , and some welcomed the FAA 's announcement . "  It 's a good , positive step , " said Michael Goldfarb , a former FAA chief of staff who now heads a consulting business in Washington . "  Mistakes happen and we need to learn from our mistakes . " Goldfarb said the FAA was correct in expanding the system to include the agency 's technicians . "  The technicians are the forgotten part of aviation , " he said . "  They 're the ones out there 24/7 keeping things working . They do n't get the attention the air traffic controllers do . " In announcing the new reporting systems , the FAA cast itself as a victim of its success . FAA officials said they used to be able to measure risk by counting accidents . The fewer crashes , the better the agency was doing . But with the commercial aviation accident rate at historically low levels -- there has not been a fatal commercial crash in three years -- the agency needs to look at other data to identify risky behaviors and incidents , and to address them . One measure has been "  operational errors , " or instances in which controllers deviate from established protocols . Currently , 99.9 percent of operations occur completely according to procedures , Grizzle said . Grizzle said the FAA is activating sophisticated software that will monitor operations and will bring more errors , or incidents , to light . The FAA said the voluntary reporting system for controllers has provided nearly 10 times the data during the past three years compared to the traditional reporting system . It also led to the FAA 's issuing scores of corrective actions , making aviation safer in the United States . It also helped the agency to identify the top hazards , and to focus on those hazards . Officials said there are safeguards to protect employees from abusing the nonpunitive reporting system . After a mistake is reported , the incident is reviewed by a three-person panel , with representatives from management , the union and an oversight organization . The panel can ask for additional information , launch an investigation or take other action as appropriate . If an error was intentional , the FAA can take action , officials said .	FAA officials say the agency wo n't punish any employees who report making mistakes Change will reduce "  stigma " of errors , says FAA Chief Operating Officer David Grizzle Grizzle : "  We do n't condone " errors , but "  we presume the good intent of our controllers " FAA is expanding a system already in force with air traffic controllers
Boston  CNN  Hillary Clinton stood with those protesting the deaths of two unarmed black males at the hands of law enforcement on Thursday , telling an audience in Boston that "  our country deserves a full and fair accounting " of what happened . In the last two weeks , grand juries have cleared police officers in the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in Staten Island , New York . The deaths have led to rising tension and protests around the country about law enforcement 's treatment of black males . At a massive gathering of 10,000 women in Massachusetts , Clinton said she recognized the "  pain and frustration " in response to the deaths and backed federal probes that have been initiated by the Justice Department . "  I 'm very pleased that the DOJ will be investigating what happened in Ferguson or Staten Island , " Clinton said . "  Those families and those communities and our country deserve a full and fair accounting , as well as whatever substantive reforms are necessary to ensure equality , justice and respect for every citizen . " Clinton also called out the federal government for sending military-style equipment -- which Clinton called "  weapons of war " -- to local police forces . Instead , the former secretary of state and likely 2016 presidential candidate said the United States should "  invest in what works ... -LSB- not -RSB- buy weapons of war that have no place on our streets or contribute to unnecessary force or arrests . " Earlier this week , President Barack Obama issued an executive order on police militarization calling for better tracking of such equipment . Clinton identified with both the peaceful protestors and law enforcement during her speech . "  We all know there are decent , honorable , brave police officers out in our communities every single day , " Clinton said , before telling the audience the fact that African-American males are more likely to end up in prison than their white counterparts was a byproduct of an "  out of balance " criminal justice system . "  Each of us has to grapple with some hard truths about race and justice in America , " Clinton said . "  We have allowed our criminal justice system to get out of balance . And I personally hope that these tragedies give us the opportunity to come together as a nation to find our balance again . " Clinton last commented on Ferguson in August , a few weeks after Brown was shot dead by a police officer in the St. Louis suburb . The former first lady told an audience of technology investors in San Francisco that the United States "  can do better . " "  This is what happens when the bonds of trust and respect that hold any community together fray , " Clinton said . "  Nobody wants to see our streets look like a war zone , not in America . We are better than that . " On Thursday , Clinton said in light of sweeping protests , people need to try "  even harder to see the world through our neighbors eyes . " "  Are n't these our sons ? Are n't these our brothers ? " Clinton asked . "  These tragedies did not happen in some far away place . They did not happen to some other people . There are our streets , our children . " The venue for the commentary was somewhat unique . In a hall the size of multiple football fields , 10,000 women ate lunch and listened to Clinton talk at the Massachusetts Conference for Women . Outside the convention center hall a mix of corporations and shops were set up in booths to create what felt like a mix of a job fair and a mall . Women shopped for make up , scarfs and jewelry as they handed out resumes and got coached on how to buff up their LinkedIn page . Around the hall , there was excitement for Clinton . Many women chatted about her time on the speaking circuit and whether she would drop hints about her presidential plans on stage . Bentley University President Gloria Larson , who founded the gathering 10 years ago , event pondered the subject from stage . "  Do you think she might give us a few clues about her future plans today ? " she questioned to a chorus of cheers from the crowd . Clinton was not the only high-profile speaker on the stage Thursday . Lupita Nyong ` o , the award-winning actress from the film "  12 Years a Slave , " shared her story on overcoming her fears to become an actress . She also told the crowd she was honored for share the stage with Clinton , who she described as , "  literally a leader among men . " As for Clinton , she declined to say whether she was running , but did reflect on the presidency when asked , calling it "  such a hard job " where a "  support system is absolutely critical . " It 's unclear if Clinton was paid to speak at the event , though it had all the trappings of Clinton 's usually paid appearances .	Hillary Clinton said Thursday the criminal justice system is "  out of balance " Speaking in Boston , Clinton praised the Justice Department 's decision to review recent grand jury decisions Clinton was speaking before a crowd of 10,000 women when she commented on Ferguson , Staten Island
Cairo  CNN  -- Military police poured into Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Wednesday in hopes of stopping clashes between protesters and police , as the Egyptian government said a truce had been declared through a group of clerics . The truce lasted about three hours . CNN saw military police lined up , separating protesters from the police . But after a period of calm , some protesters began throwing rocks at soldiers . Riot police responded with tear gas ; the unrest continued late Wednesday . Some army soldiers tried to stop security forces from shooting tear gas , but they were outnumbered . On state-run TV , the government said religious scholars were on their way "  to form a human shield between the protesters and the security forces . " CNN saw no sign of a human shield of clerics . But along the barricades separating protesters from security forces , some clerics were talking to protesters , trying to negotiate . Egypt 's grand mufti , the country 's highest religious official , called on police to put down their weapons and "  never aim " firearms at the Egyptian people . In an audio message aired by Egyptian state TV , he called for a "  peaceful protest for Egypt 's sake . " Protesters reached Fahmi Street , which leads to the Interior Ministry , and were trying to surround the ministry , state-run Al-Masriya TV said . Earlier , police pulled back from Mohamed Mahmoud Street , the site of clashes throughout the five days of the latest uprising . Adel Saeed , spokesman for the Egyptian general prosecutor 's office , said "  a truce has been reached between the protesters and the security forces at the Ministry of Interior through several leading religious scholars . " It was not immediately clear who may have been represented in the discussions to which Saeed referred . Mohamed Mahmoud Street leads from Tahrir Square -- the center of the protests that toppled Hosni Mubarak as president in February and of the most recent demonstrations -- toward the Interior Ministry . During a lull in the street battles earlier Wednesday , CNN saw riot police embracing and kissing some young people who were taking part in the demonstrations . Minutes later , rocks and tear gas were in the air again . Protesters erected barriers using debris from burned-out cars and large trash bins in case the battles resumed . Crowds have packed Tahrir Square since Saturday , calling for the nation 's military rulers to step down immediately . The demonstrations Wednesday were a vociferous rejection of Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , field marshal of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , who delivered an address Tuesday aimed at calming the protests . "  The people demand the downfall of the council of shame , " some demonstrators chanted Wednesday . Through the state-run news agency MENA , the government said that the army was "  exerting all efforts to stop bloodshed of Egyptians " and that the military had deployed three armored vehicles to Mohamed Mahmoud Street . The death toll in the latest clashes has risen to 35 , including 31 people in Cairo and four in other cities , state-run television said Wednesday . The number of wounded is up to 3,250 , according to Hisham Sheeha , spokesman for Egypt 's Health Ministry . Saeed , of the Egyptian general prosecutor 's office , said 312 people had been arrested since Saturday . Security forces could be seen making arrests Wednesday . Egyptian-American filmmaker Jehane Noujaim was among those arrested , according to Karim Amer , a film producer who said he was with her when she was filming events close to the Interior Ministry . "  The military started firing tear gas so we all ran in different directions and I lost her , " Amer said . "  She called me and said she was arrested by military . " A CNN e-mail to noujaimfilms.com , which lists Noujaim as director , was not immediately returned . Meanwhile , the mother of one of the three American students detained in Egypt said Wednesday that she was able to speak to him briefly in a telephone call arranged by U.S. diplomats . "  He sounded scared , but he said he was OK , " Joy Sweeney said of her son , Derrik Sweeney , one of three American college students being held for questioning in an Egyptian courthouse , accused by authorities of throwing Molotov cocktails in Tahrir Square . The students will be detained another four days as an investigation continues , said a spokesman for the office of Egypt 's general prosecutor . An official from the U.S. consular office visited the students , said U.S. Embassy spokeswoman Katharina Gollner-Sweet . The chaos and fighting have raised new questions about Egypt 's future less than a week before parliamentary elections are set to begin . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay called on Egypt "  to end the clearly excessive use of force . " "  Some of the images coming out of Tahrir , including the brutal beating of already subdued protesters , are deeply shocking , as are the reports of unarmed protesters being shot in the head , " Pillay said in a statement . "  There should be a prompt , impartial and independent investigation , and accountability for those found responsible for the abuses that have taken place should be ensured . " After Mubarak 's ouster , military leaders took control with the promise that eventually a civilian government would be elected and take over . Demonstrators say they are concerned the military , which would continue to be Egypt 's top authority until a president is in place , wants to keep a grip on the country . Many also have voiced anger about a proposed constitutional change that would shield the military 's budget from scrutiny by civilian powers . They say they worry the military would become a state within a state . Members of the nation 's Cabinet offered to resign Monday , with one minister citing concern over the violence in Tahrir Square . Tantawi of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said the resignations were accepted , but the current government will remain as a caretaker until a prime minister is named to form a new government . Speaking Tuesday on Egyptian TV , Tantawi said the armed forces were "  only concerned about the security of the country and the interests of the country , " and want to "  establish democracy for the people of Egypt . " CNN 's Saad Abedine , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Josh Levs and journalists Ian Lee and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Egypt 's grand mufti calls on police to put down their weapons The death toll in five days of violence has risen to 35 , officials say The number of injured stands at 3,250 , Egyptian Health Ministry says U.N. human rights chief calls on Egypt to stop "  the clearly excessive use of force "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani police say a Muslim cleric planted evidence to link a Christian girl to blasphemy -- a new twist in a case that has fanned flames of religious tension in the country and attracted worldwide interest . The imam , Khalid Jadoon Chishti , will himself face blasphemy charges for tearing pages out of a Quran to use as evidence against the girl , Islambad police chief Bin Yamin said . The latest development may make it easier for the girl , 14-year-old Rimsha , to be released on bail at her next court hearing . Police arrested Rimsha last month after a neighbor accused her of burning pages containing texts from the Muslim holy book , the Quran . Rimsha had two shopping bags with her : one containing ashes and the other , the partially burned pages , police said . She had gathered the paper as fuel for cooking , authorities said . Even though Rimsha 's lawyer said no one actually saw the girl burning the papers , the neighbor went to Chishti -- the neighborhood cleric -- with the bags for safekeeping as evidence . Chishti was n't certain that simply burning pages with texts from the Quran would be enough to convict Rimsha on blasphemy charges , said Munir Jaffery , the investigating officer in the case . So , the imam added two pages from the holy book itself to the bag to bolster the case , Jaffery said . Police arrested Chishti on Saturday after three witnesses told a judge about the imam 's actions . He was sent to jail for 14 days , accused of evidence tampering . Chishti has denied the allegation , authorities said . Yamin , the police chief , drew a distinction between the accusations against the two , saying Rimsha is a simple-minded minor , while the imam is highly educated in religious studies and indulged in the act of blasphemy willfully.Â Â Insulting Islam provokes widespread and immediate reaction in Pakistan , a predominantly Muslim nation . Its controversial blasphemy law makes the crime punishable by death . Critics have said the legislation is being used to entrap minorities . Punjab Gov. Salman Taseer , who criticized the law , was shot to death by his security guard last year . A Pakistani court then suspended the guard 's death sentence . In Rimsha 's case , about 150 people gathered on August 17 -- the day she was arrested -- in the area where the neighborhood 's Christian population lives and threatened to burn down their houses , police said . Her relatives have gone into hiding . During a tense hearing Saturday , Muslim lawyers demanding that Rimsha remain in jail got into a shouting match with the judge . They provided a list of reasons the girl should be detained , including questioning whether the girl gave her lawyer the power of attorney . A judge ordered investigators to get more details on her power of attorney and postponed the hearing to Monday . Before Saturday , a decision was supposed to come Thursday , but was deferred so authorities could answer questions about her medical history . "  All these are the delaying tactics by the lawyers of the complainant to keep the girl in jail , " said her lawyer , Tahir Naveed Choudhry . Her lawyers dashed into a car and sped off after the hearing Saturday for safety reasons . Rimsha did not attend . Pakistani authorities have come under pressure to guarantee Rimsha 's safety amid concerns that if she is released on bail , angry Muslims will seek retaliation . Choudhry has sought bail , saying she is legally a minor and should be reunited with her parents rather than kept in a jail with adults . He cited a report by an independent medical board stating that the girl is 14 . The doctors who examined her also concluded that her mental age was lower than her chronological age and she suffers from Down syndrome , he said . Police have said the girl is illiterate and denied knowing there were Quran verses on the documents she allegedly burned . Choudhry says he expects the trial to last as long as two years . Rimsha would remain in custody for its duration if bail is denied , he said . If she is tried as a minor , she might receive a milder sentence if convicted . As an adult , she faces a maximum sentence of life in prison for blasphemy , the lawyer said . The imam 's arrest may prompt a reexamination of the allegations against the girl , authorities said Sunday . "  We have strong evidence against  the cleric  , " said Naveed Chaudhry , an adviser to Pakistan 's president . "  Rimshi 's  lawyer is going to court for bail . She might be released by Monday based on this evidence . "	NEW : The imam involved in the case is himself accused of descrating a Quran Rimsha , a teenaged girl , is accused of burning Islamic religious verses The case has heightened religious tensions in Pakistan Pakistani authorities are under pressure to guarantee her safety
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- The man who authorities say shot and wounded two police officers outside the Pentagon Thursday before he was fatally shot had a history of mental health problems and a penchant for spouting anti-government conspiracy theories . John Patrick Bedell repeatedly tangled with police in recent months , while his relationship with his parents -- whom he lived with in a gated community in Northern California -- grew increasingly contentious . "  There 's a history of mental health problems with him that the family 's been dealing with for a number of years , " San Benito County , California , Sheriff Curtis Hill said Friday . Bedell , 36 , suffered from bipolar disorder , according to court records from a 2006 California arrest for a man by the same name . That man 's birth date matches the one authorities gave for the Pentagon shooter . Bedell had been committed to mental institutions at least three or four times , according to Hill . His ties to family had grown strained since late last year . Two months ago , Bedell 's parents filed a missing person report about him , although he returned and the report was canceled two weeks later , Hill said . Bedell 's mother had also come across "  some information -- either from an e-mail received from a company , or an online posting on a bank account or something -- where on the 10th of January he had made a $ 600 purchase at a shooting range in the Sacramento area in California , " Hill said . Bedell would not tell her what he bought , he said . On Friday the FBI said they believe that Bedell drove to Washington , D.C. , and parked his car in a garage near the Pentagon . Bedell "  was very well dressed in a suit " and showed "  no distress in his appearance " as he approached a screening area to enter Pentagon grounds about 6:40 p.m. Thursday evening , Pentagon Police Chief Richard S. Keevill said . "  He walked very directly to the officers and engaged , " Keevill said . "  He was very well armed . I will tell you that he had two 9 mm semiautomatic weapons and many magazines . " On Friday , a picture emerged of Bedell as a troubled man with an intense interest in science . On the social networking Web site LinkedIn , a profile page for a J. Patrick Bedell in the San Francisco Bay Area -- where Bedell 's family lives -- described him as an "  MSEE student , " short for Master of Science in Electrical Engineering . The page said he graduated from the University of California Santa Cruz with a bachelor 's degree in physics in 1994 . The LinkedIn page said that Bedell attended San Jose State University from 1995 to 1996 , but that he did not get a degree there . In the missing person report filed in January , Bedell 's father said he worked in the San Jose area but that he did not know where . Hill , the San Benito County sheriff , said the Bedell family filed the missing person report on January 4 , a day after Bedell was stopped in Texas for speeding as he traveled west . The Texas Highway patrolman used Bedell 's cell phone to call Bedell 's family , Hill said . "  The highway patrolman wanted to know a little more information about him because when he stopped him for speeding , when he came up to the car , the interior of the vehicle was in ` disarray , ' " Hill said . The patrolman spoke with Bedell 's mother , then gave him a warning and sent him on his way , Hill said . The sheriff said the stop prompted the family to file the missing person report , Hill said . In filing the report , Bedell 's father said John had been staying at an unknown address in San Jose after getting into a fight with his brother three weeks earlier . It was n't Bedell 's first blowout with his brother . In July 2006 , Bedell got into an altercation with Matthew Bedell and signed a citizen 's arrest to have him taken to jail and booked , Hill said . A week after Bedell 's father filed the missing report in January , the parents called the police to say their son had shown up . Authorities went to the family 's home , where the parents said Bedell "  appeared to be impaired , delusional , and agitated , " according to Hill . "  The agitation ... was due to his mother asking him questions -LSB- such as -RSB- , ` Where have you been ? What have you been doing ? ' " Hill said . She also asked him about the $ 600 purchase at the shooting range , he said . "  When she asked him to give her some details about what that purchase was , that 's when he became agitated and left the residence , " Hill said . Authorities arrived after he had left , and although they gave out information on him to law enforcement agencies , they were not able to find him , Hill said . The family told authorities that he had a "  history of mental illness . " On January 18 , Bedell 's father told authorities his son had returned home and that the missing person report should be canceled , Hill said . According to the police report , Bedell was staying at an unknown address after stopping at home . A couple weeks later , on February 1 , Bedell was picked up by police in Reno , Nevada , and charged with marijuana possession . His court date was Tuesday , but Bedell failed to show up . Court records from California show that investigators arrested a John Patrick Bedell in June 2006 on charges of cultivating marijuana and resisting arrest . Bedell pleaded guilty . "  I sincerely request the court not find the offense to reflect a propensity for violence on my part , " he said in a signed statement in the case . "  I was experiencing an episode of mental illness  bipolar disorder  during the event in question . " Court documents from the 2006 case also include a statement from Bedell 's psychiatrist confirming Bedell suffered from bipolar disorder and describing him as "  relatively symptom-free when under medication . " In an Internet posting , JPatrickBedell referred to being arrested in 2006 on marijuana charges . "  Given my belief that cannabis prohibition is the least defensible and most unjust aspect of the prohibitionist regime existing throughout the world today , I decided in March 2006 to cultivate cannabis in full view of the world , " the person said in a 2006 podcast . Bedell appears to have been the same man who had railed against the government repeatedly on the Internet . Through podcasts and a Wikipedia page , a man identified online as JPatrickBedell cast the government as a criminal force destroying personal liberties . "  This seizure of the United States government by an international criminal conspiracy is a long-established reality , " the man said in a podcast in November 2006 , which also was published as text online . Such an organization , the man said , "  would use its powers to convert military , intelligence , and law enforcement bureacracies  sic  into instruments for political control and the domination and subjection of society , while discrediting , destroying , and murdering honest individuals within those services that work to root out corruption and faithfully serve their fellow citizens . " In a video posted on YouTube in October 2006 , a man identified as jpbedell talked about his idea for "  information currency , " which he said would "  create a financial market for information . " The man in the video is the same man shown in a photograph of the shooter released Friday by the FBI . The man 's voice in the YouTube video also sounds similar to the voice in the podcasts . A person using the screen name JPatrickBedell wrote about the same idea on a Wikipedia page that was taken down early Friday . The San Benito County sheriff read a statement from the family on Friday , saying that they were "  devastated " by Thursday 's news . "  To the outside world , this tragedy is the first and only thing they will know of Patrick ; to us he was a beloved son , brother , grandson , nephew and cousin , " the family said , according to Hill . "  We may never know why he made this terrible decision . One thing is certain , though , his actions were caused by an illness and not a defective character . " They expressed hope for a quick recovery of the two wounded officers , and asked that the family 's privacy be respected . "  This is a well-respected longtime local family , " Hill told CNN on Friday . "  They 're a middle -- upper-middle class folks who are well known in the community . They 're a good solid family . " Hill said that Bedell 's father is a financial advisor and that his mother works at the local branch of the California-based Gavilan College . At a news conference Friday morning , Keevill , the Pentagon police chief , said Pentagon and Metro cameras of the area show the gunman in the time leading up to the shooting . He showed "  no real emotion in his face " as he approached the officers , Keevill said . He approached the officers Thursday evening and , when asked for identification , pulled a gun out of his pocket and began shooting , authorities said . Officers Jeffrey Amos and Marvin Carraway returned fire with semiautomatic weapons , said Pentagon spokesman Terry Sutherland . The two wounded officers had superficial injuries and were released from a hospital , officials said . When officers located Bedell 's vehicle at a nearby parking garage , they found more ammunition inside , Keevill said . Authorities do not know what the man 's motive may have been , he said . Several versions of a 2004 scientific proposal to the Department of Defense , attributed to J. Patrick Bedell , exist in multiple locations on the Internet . A 28-page version of the proposal , "  Aluminum Anodization for DNA Integrated Circuits , " lists Bedell as the sole employee for the project and estimates he would work 1,000 hours at $ 30 an hour for a total of $ 30,000 . The proposal was a response to an April 2004 call from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  DARPA  , which provides research grants for projects related to defense . It was not clear if Bedell ever submitted the proposal . A DARPA spokesperson would not confirm whether the proposal was received , saying the agency could legally comment only on proposals it funded . "  Investigators are searching the car , conducting interviews and reviewing a video of the shooting in an effort to piece together a timeline of Bedell 's activities leading up the incident , " the FBI said in a news release . CNN 's Dan Simon and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	John Patrick Bedell 's family says "  actions were caused by an illness " Bedell appears to have railed against government repeatedly on Internet Officials say Bedell , 36 , shot 2 officers outside Pentagon before being fatally shot Thursday
Second Life allows people to lead two lives -- one in the real world and another in the virtual . But in a way , Second Life itself leads two lives . In just fours years of existence , Second Life has moved far beyond people simulating other lives on the Internet . In its first , well-publicized life , it 's a forum for residents to socialize , shop and even have sex via on-screen avatars . In its second life , it 's a flexible platform for running inexpensive simulations and experiments . The latter might prove to be the most important . "  Second Life 's real potential may be that of an experimentation platform , " says Eric Klopfer , a professor at MIT . He notes the ability within Second Life to rapidly construct objects and experiences "  without having to build the world from scratch . " Indeed , it 's relatively easy for residents to build objects that others can use , sit on , walk through , pick up and so on . That can mean anything from a hammer to a house to a landscape . And since it 's also easy to share , replicate and tweak creations , Second Life is a world of abundance for creators . That makes it an effective testing platform for trying out concepts quickly and cheaply . David E. Stone , an MIT research fellow , reports creating simulations in three days -- for $ 350 -- that others proposed building in six months for $ 60,000 . That 's caught the attention of the corporate world . Many companies see potential savings , for instance , in moving parts of their new-employee training programs to a virtual world . Stone has been hired by a range of companies -- from a pest extermination firm to a power plant operator -- to create prototypes of such systems in Second Life . Security concerns Testing a concept in Second Life does n't have to mean hosting the final product there . Security might be a concern , for instance . "  By definition , social networking is open , " notes Paul Terlemezian , president of iFive Alliances , a corporate-training consultancy in Atlanta . "  That 's kind of contrary to corporate training , which is closed and proprietary . " A company , then , might try to find a more secure virtual environment , or perhaps add security elements within Second Life . Of course , most of the experimenting done in Second Life is far more light-hearted . But it 's still often easy to envision commercial or educational applications . In one YouTube clip a man is seen exercising on a treadmill in front of a large plasma screen that displays scenes from Second Life . Using the wireless controller from Nintendo 's Wii console , he appears to indicate which scenery he would like to jog "  through " on the screen . If that 's a workable concept , the fitness equipment industry might like to know about it . Other Second Life experiments aim to make experimentation itself easier -- especially important for those with little programming knowledge . This suggests that the level of creativity will only increase . Many residents who have learned how to create objects -- like a house -- still lack the scripting skills to add behavior to those objects . So Eric Rosenbaum , a grad student at MIT 's Media Lab , is building a user-friendly programming tool for easily adding behaviors . When the tool is available , turning a static dance floor into an interactive one that shakes when stepped on could simply require dragging a "  Shake " module over it . How a capability like that might be used is anyone 's guess , including Rosenbaum 's , he admits . But , he adds , "  We could see a blossoming of new content created by people who do n't have any background in programming , but who can imagine and create new kinds of experiences in Second Life . " Tapping users ' creativity Of course , back in 2003 when Second Life was launched as a largely user-generated virtual world , how it would be used was anyone 's guess . But the whole idea was to tap the creativity of the residents themselves . "  I 'm not surprised by the amount of experimentation in Second Life , " says Philip Rosedale , founder and CEO of Linden Research , the company behind the virtual world . "  I always expected to see resident innovation and creativity . " Yet this aspect of Second Life has been overshadowed of late . Residents who socialize primarily in the virtual world have been chided to "  get a first life . " Madison Avenue has been lampooned for spending large sums on branded virtual islands that nobody hangs out on . But aside from these cycles of hype and anti-hype , the original goal of uninhibited mass experimentation proceeds apace . Just as the company gave up some control to encourage creativity , some creations in Second Life operate freely on their own . Resident-created Svarga Island , for instance , boasts an interdependent ecosystem within Second Life that acts according to the rules of "  nature , " with tropical plants needing the insects and everything needing the physics-driven rain clouds . Every element acts according to rules , but within that framework there is much randomness -- just like with nature . It 's easy to see the educational possibilities . Some experiments involve bringing things out of Second Life and into the real world . Residents are now looking to three-dimensional printers , among other methods , for turning their virtual objects into real ones . "  The possibilities on Second Life are endless , " says Janet Travers , who designs virtual ball gowns she hopes to bring to the real world . "  We are only limited by our imaginations . " Other experiments within Second Life are kept out of general view . Stone tells of a surreal encounter he had with a software programmer 's avatar about six months ago . On a dark night in the virtual world , he says , "  we walked off the edge of his land to a spot deep beneath the ocean and into an underwater cave . He then showed me some achievements in software engineering that were well beyond what I then thought was possible in any environment , real or virtual . " Whether Second Life continues as a popular place to hold such experimentation remains to be seen . Rosenbaum was attracted by its "  large existing user base " and "  creative culture . " Other platforms , though , have drawn attention for their own merits . Croquet , for instance , trumpets being open-source and decentralized . As a proof of concept , though , Second Life has already been an interesting experiment . E-mail to a friend	Second Life 's real value may be to test ideas , analysts say Many companies already have moved employee training to Second Life Some creations in Second Life are operating on their own
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazil and Mexico summoned U.S. ambassadors Monday after media reports that the United States had spied on their countries ' presidents . "  Without prejudging the veracity of the information presented in the media , the Mexican government rejects and categorically condemns any espionage work against Mexican citizens in violation of international law , " Mexico 's foreign ministry said in a statement . In Brazil , Foreign Minister Luiz Alberto Figueiredo called the situation "  an inadmissible and unacceptable violation of Brazilian sovereignty . " The statements were the latest sign of international fallout over documents leaked by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . A Brazilian news report Sunday described the alleged espionage , citing Glenn Greenwald , a Brazil-based journalist who obtained documents from Snowden . CNN has not independently confirmed the report , and there was no immediate reaction from the White House . Source : U.S. seeks compromise on companies ' NSA data requests The report first appeared in Globo TV 's Sunday night program "  Fantastico " and is likely to heighten tensions between the United States and Latin America 's two biggest economies . One of the alleged NSA documents leaked to Greenwald dates from June 2012 , a month before Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was elected . In it , the candidate talks about whom he would select for his Cabinet if elected . The documents did not reference any specific communications with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff but show the methods the NSA allegedly used to track e-mails and mobile phone communications with close advisers . "  It was very clear in the documents that they had already carried out the spying , " Greenwald told "  Fantastico , " speaking in Portuguese . "  They are n't talking about something they are planning , they are celebrating their spying successes . " Brazilian Justice Minister Eduardo Cardozo told CBN radio : "  If it 's confirmed , it is very serious because a country can not passively accept the violation of its sovereignty . " "  Any country that has its sovereignty violated has to react , take a position and use international law to put things in their place , " he added . "  And that 's what Brazil will do . " A spokesman for Mexican President Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto declined to comment Monday morning . Data seized from Greenwald 's partner Miranda risks security , UK says Mexican lawmakers stressed that the Brazilian news report had not been confirmed but demanded further explanation from the U.S. government . "  This new revelation is extremely delicate because any kind of espionage is an irregular situation that is against the law . However , we have to be clear that this is speculation . This is a leak , and it must be treated like one , " said Sen. Marcela Guerra . Guerra , a member of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party and president of the Senate 's North American foreign relations committee , said Mexico 's foreign minister should meet with the U.S. ambassador to Mexico over the matter . "  There is a feeling of deep indignation , " even though the report has n't been proven , said Rep. Fernando Zarate , secretary of the Mexican house of representatives ' foreign relations committee . "  If true , it seriously violates national sovereignty , " said Zarate , of the Democratic Revolution Party . "  How is it possible that the telephone of a president is being monitored ? What could an ordinary citizen in our country expect ? " In Brazil , bilateral relations were already strained by reports that the South American nation was one of the countries that had been most-targeted by the NSA spying program . Rousseff is scheduled to visit U.S. President Barrack Obama in Washington in October . Obama visited Mexico in May , stressing the importance of strengthening educational and economic ties between the two nations . NSA misrepresented scope of data collection to secret court CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . Journalist Nick Parker and CNNMexico.com 's Mauricio Torres and CNN 's Ariel Crespo contributed to this report from Mexico City .	NEW : Brazil 's foreign minister decries an "  unacceptable violation " of the country 's sovereignty Mexico summons the U.S. ambassador to demand an investigation Journalist Glenn Greenwald tells Brazil 's Globo TV about NSA documents He says one document is on Mexico 's soon-to-be president discussing his Cabinet picks
SOUTH CHINA SEA  CNN  -- Aboard the Svend Maersk , the sound of the ship 's five-story high engine permeates like a heartbeat through the four-football field length of ship . Chief Officer Christian Vium talks to CNN 's Eunice Yoon as night falls on the bridge of the Svend . It 's also the heartbeat of the world economy , as the Maersk takes its thousands of containers filled with shoes , computers , furniture and fireworks from China to markets in Europe . But a more telling sight is when the massive vessel nears Singapore and passes by dozens of idle ships . "  A lot of ships have been taken out of service or laid up . Instead of sailing with half empty ships , it 's cheaper to lay up the ship , " said Bo Nikolaisen , captain of the Svend . "  I feel lucky , of course , that I am on a ship that is still working . " A 10 percent drop is expected this year in the shipping business , which one analyst called "  a $ 20 billion black hole . " It 's an industry that is a prime indicator of the global economy -- 90 percent of world trade is carried on ships such as the Svend Maersk to ports and onto shops around the world . CNN sailed with the crew of the Svend Maersk for four days as the ship sailed from Hong Kong to Malaysia to get a sea-level view of the industry . What stands out on these vessels is the incredible size -- the vessels stack 15 stories high -- and streamlined crew : Only 21 men are required to run the ship . The crew comes from Denmark , Germany , Romania and the Philippines . "  We 've been joking that the ship was the United Nations at sea , " said Captain Nikolaisen . "  There are many nationalities , sometimes eight , maybe more . They are professionals -- most of them -- and they know that we can not afford to be unfriendly to one another . " Some of the crew are over 60 ; among the youngest is 24-year-old recruit Joey Lamasan . Lamasan still has trouble sleeping since he left his village in the Philippines . But here , he can earn triple what he would make back home . "  The salary in the Philippines is too small compared to the salary on board the ship , " said Lamasan , who is on a six-month contract -- typical for many young seafarers . Piracy has been making the news in recent months , exacerbating economic concerns of the financial crisis . More common than large-scale theft of multi-million dollar cargo is thieves coming on board and stealing cash , computers and personal items . But what they fear the most "  would be fire or explosion , " said Captain Nikolaisen . "  We can not run away . " Life on the boat -- like the scenery -- can be repetitive . There is no mobile phone service , no booze , and limited Internet access . Many of the seamen work in two four-hour shifts ... to stay alert . Meals and coffee breaks are routine . Free time is usually spent alone in the cabins , playing computer games together , or occasionally calling home on a satellite phone . "  Ten to 15 minutes just to hear how it 's going and keep contact . Also it 's nice for the kids too . So they can still remember what Dad sounds like , " Captain Nikolaisen said . After two months on the high seas officers get two months ' vacation . "  When I am out here I miss the family , " Nikolaisen said . "  And when I am at home I miss a little bit being at sea . "	The shipping industry is expecting a 10 percent drop this year CNN sailed with the Svend Maersk to get a sea-level view of the industry Svend captain : "  A lot of ships have been taken out of service or laid up "
A Syrian college student who tried to help another after two bombs exploded at their university experienced an unthinkably gruesome moment . Simon , an Aleppo University dental student , ran to help a young woman he saw walking zombie-like and clearly injured . He shouted to her and reached out . "  I came to hold her hand ... to help her ... " Simon said . "  It came off of her . I was holding her dismembered hand in mine . " Death came to Aleppo University , a place that has somehow avoided much of the carnage of the Syrian war . A video purportedly showing the blasts was posted on YouTube . At least 87 people were killed and dozens were wounded after twin blasts shook the campus on Tuesday , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based group that is speaking for rebels fighting to oust the country 's president . The death toll is expected to rise , but the observatory says the majority of the dead are students and civilians who 've had to flee their homes because of the war and have been living in the university dorms . "  I was on campus when I heard a plane over head from a distance , " Simon recalled to CNN . "  Suddenly a loud explosion erupted just 50 meters away at the gates of the College of Architecture , " he said . "  Since many roads in Aleppo are blocked , this is one of the few roadways that is open for those traveling though Aleppo . " At least 10 cars were blown to nothing , killing the people inside , he said . Minutes later a second blast exploded a few meters away . "  But this time , thank God , it was mainly material damage , not casualties , " he said . He ran to help the injured and began loading Suzuki trucks with the wounded and the dead . It was chaos . He was following his instincts in that moment . Each vehicle sped off with about 10 bodies . "  I counted , " he said . "  At least 50 bodies . " When he got to the hospital , he saw an awful scene . The hospital was full of so many who appeared critically wounded . By the time CNN spoke with him , Simon was trying to process what he 'd experienced . Students on campus believe the government specifically targeted the school . "  Aleppo University is known as the university of the revolution , " Simon said . "  We staged a peaceful protest last week , and this is why were targeted . Our pro-government professors would always threaten us and say ` we swear we will shell this university . ' " Simon told CNN that 15 minutes after the explosions , Al Duniya TV , a pro-government station , was on the scene . "  We were wondering how they got there so fast , " he said . He said that when the bombs went off , the university gates were closed , and campus security would not open them . "  Students were trying to climb the fences to get out , but security pushed them back , " he said . The students then turned on the Duniya TV crew and began beating them . He said the crew was reporting that there had been a ground explosion , but he and others were sure that it was aerial shelling , suggesting that the government targeted the campus . "  They were lying in front of our eyes ! " Simon said . Then , men known as Shabiha appeared , he said . The Shabiha is a group of typically hulking men who are regarded as the shadowy arm of the government and are infamous for their strong-arm tactics . The men began shouting speeches praising President Bashar al-Assad . "  Just 15 guys chanting for Assad , " Simon said . While parents were likely learning whether their kids were dead or alive , the international community did what it has done virtually since the outbreak of violence in Syria -- issue condemnations of the bloodshed . "  The United States is appalled by the Syrian regime 's deadly attack yesterday near the University of Aleppo , which reportedly killed more than 80 people and injured more than 150 people , " said U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland in a written statement issued Wednesday . The United States understood through eyewitness accounts that "  regime planes launched aerial strikes in the vicinity of university facilities , " it continued . "  We condemn any attack on unarmed civilians and continue to emphasize that those responsible for unlawful killings and other violations of international law will be identified and held accountable . " The United Nations posted a response on its website on Wednesday . "  Deliberate targeting of civilians and civilian targets constitutes a war crime . Such heinous attacks are unacceptable and must stop immediately , " a spokesman for U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki Moon said . More than 60,000 people , mostly civilians , have been killed in Syria , and hundreds of thousands more have been displaced since the uprising against al-Assad began in March 2011 , according to the United Nations . On Thursday , at least 123 people across the country died , according to local committees recording such information . Anti-government activist Abu Rami told CNN that 13 families were killed in Homs . The alleged massacre occurred in the farming village of Husweyeh with a population of about 1,500 . Rami said the families killed were Sunnis , suggesting that the killers were motivated by sect differences . Sunnis , Christians and Alawites in the village were spared , he said . Rami feels that the lack of military action by the international community has given al-Assad "  the green light ... to do whatever to end " the uprising against him . Thousands of "  Syrian souls " will pay for that , he said . Back at Aleppo University , Simon tells CNN that the bombings have changed him and other young people who might have demonstrated to bring change . Now , it 's different . They have lost so much . So now they are going to fight fearlessly with everything . Classes are out for two days , he said . "  I wish we did n't have to wait two more days , " he said . "  I want to go back to school now . "	Aleppo University dental student describes horrific day trying to help the injured after blasts Students and activists believe Bashar al-Assad 's regime targeted campus Violence had largely escaped the school , which was known for anti-government protests Two blasts at Aleppo University killed at least 87 Tuesday , opposition says
CNN  -- Senegal were disqualified from the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations on Tuesday , as the Confederation of African Football  CAF  confirmed Ivory Coast 's participation at January 's finals in South Africa . Senegal 's second leg playoff qualifier against the Ivorians on Saturday was called off by the referee after 74 minutes as disgruntled fans rioted moments after Didier Drogba scored to give the visitors a 6-2 aggregate lead at the Leopold Senghor Stadium in Dakar . "  CAF decided to officially confirm that result of the match as 2-0 in favour of Ivory Coast in accordance with the provisions of article 16 para 20 of the regulations of the competition and to consider Senegal the loser of the said match and eliminated from the competition , " African football 's ruling body said in a statement . After meeting at CAF headquarters in the Egyptian capital Cairo on Tuesday , the organization also stipulated that Senegal 's disqualification will not prevent then from receiving further sanctions . If previous CAF punishments are followed , Senegal can expect to play some future competitive qualifiers away from their capital Dakar . After crowd trouble by home fans followed Togo 's elimination from the 2008 Nations Cup by visitors Mali , the Togolese were punished by playing their next three competitive games in a neutral venue and barred from hosting a match at their national stadium for six months . Read : Cape Verde and Ethiopia shake up Africa Cup of Nations Senegal has experienced crowd trouble before , most notably when another qualifying failure -- for the World Cup and Nations Cup finals in 2010 -- sparked fans into throwing rocks onto the pitch in Dakar while lighting fans inside and outside the stadium . Despite violence which also saw the stadium 's windows smashed by fans , Senegal 's football federation received no ban from either CAF or world governing body FIFA . On Saturday , some Ivorian supporters made a perilous five-meter leap from the bleachers onto the running track around the pitch before joining players from both teams in the center circle as they all sheltered from the violence . The second leg of the final round qualifier was suspended for 40 minutes before the referee decided to cancel the match . Even though CAF had yet to confirm Ivory Coast 's qualification for the 2013 Nations Cup , the Elephants were included in the tournament seedings by African football 's ruling body on Monday . The 2012 runners-up were placed in the highest ranked group of seeds , along with Ghana , host nation South Africa and reigning champions Zambia . The 2013 finals take place between 19 January and 10 February .	Senegal disqualified from 2013 Africa Cup of Nations after rioting caused abandonment of match on Saturday Opponents Ivory Coast confirmed as winners of the match and as qualifiers for January 's finals in South Africa African football 's ruling body CAF does not rule out possibility of further sanctions
Boston  CNN  -- In many respects it was like a meeting of old friends : James "  Whitey " Bulger listening carefully -- laughing heartily at one point -- to colorful recollections of former Boston bookie Richard O'Brien , who ran a successful bookmaking operation that he inherited from his father . But this was no remember-when reunion between two elderly men . The 84-year-old O'Brien , who lives in Florida and uses a wheel chair , testified Friday as a prosecution witness at the federal trial of Bulger , who is charged in the deaths of 19 people during the nearly two decades that prosecutors say he was the head of the Irish mob in Boston . O'Brien described a meeting between Bulger and a man who owed him money . When the man balked at paying , Bulger replied , "  We have a business besides bookmaking . " "  What 's that ? " the man asked . "  Killing  expletive  like you . " The 83-year-old Bulger , who has shown little emotion in the first days of trial , threw his head back and let out a laugh . At trial , Bulger edscribed as ` hands-on killer ' O'Brien said he was an "  independent " bookmaker , or unaffiliated with a crime organization , when Bulger summoned him to a meeting to discuss joining the Bulger group . O'Brien said had been working for the Italian mafia in Boston 's North End but Bulger told him , "  Forget the North End . If you want to be in business , you have to be with us . " He had no choice but to join Bulger 's Winter Hill gang , O'Brien testified , saying , "  Their reputation preceded them . " O'Brien then referenced Boston 's violent gang wars saying , "  A lot of people were shot . Mr. Bulger ended up on top . You can draw your own conclusions . " Thus began a 14-year relationship , with O'Brien testifying he paid Bulger 's group a couple of thousand dollars , cash , in "  rent " virtually every month . Asked why , O'Brien replied , "  I valued my life as well as those with me . " The monthly payment went in excess of $ 2,000 , O'Brien said , and was sometimes higher because Bulger and partner Steven "  The Rifleman " Flemmi would charge random "  taxes " if , for example , one of O'Brien 's workers found himself at the end of a government wiretap . Bulger never personally took the money , which was always paid in cash . It was always handed to Bulger 's partner , Flemmi . "  Maybe he never wanted it entered into evidence , " O'Brien offered . O'Brien said he moved to Florida in the early '90s , turning over the day-to-day operations of his bookmaking business to one of his six daughters . Several years later , he said , he was summoned to a meeting with Flemmi amid rumblings that Bulger associates -- including a "  father-and-daughter team " -- were starting to cooperate with the government . He said before he left for the meeting he told his daughter , "  If I 'm not back in 12 hours go to the FBI in Miami . Do n't go home  to Boston  . Do n't go to the FBI there . " O'Brien is expected to continue testifying Monday . Jurors earlier heard testimony from retired Massachusetts State Police Col. Thomas Foley , who on Thursday described the FBI 's informant program as "  poorly run . " "  The FBI put a higher priority protecting their informants " than they did protecting "  public safety , " Foley said . Bulger 's lawyers are trying to show Bulger was allowed to act with impunity , sanctioned by corrupt FBI agents and federal prosecutors . On cross-examination Bulger attorney Hank Brennan questioned Foley about the integrity of Bulger 's FBI informant file , which is likely to be introduced at trial , asking the retired investigator why he would accept the informant file as accurate when it was compiled by the same FBI agents Foley believed were lying to him . Foley said he had other sources but acknowledged he had never checked the validity of the entire file . Bulger 's lawyers also are trying to establish that Bulger was never a paid informant for the FBI and that instead Bulger was the one paying rogue agents for information . The trial is expected to take up to three months and has the potential to reveal sensational details about the mob and FBI corruption , especially if Bulger chooses to testify . Bulger was in hiding for 16 years before he was captured in Santa Monica , California , two years ago , living under a false name with his girlfriend in an apartment in the oceanside city . At his July 2011 arraignment , he pleaded not guilty to the 19 murder charges and 13 other counts .	"  Whitey " Bulger was captured in 2011 after 16 years in hiding He 's charged in 19 killings during the two decades he ran Boston 's Winter Hill gang A former bookie testified Friday , saying he paid Bulger 's group monthly "  rent " in cash "  Their reputation preceded them ... I valued my life as well as those with me "
Washington  CNN  -- Jordan 's King Abdullah met Tuesday with U.S. President Barack Obama to discuss the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the conflict in Syria , which borders Jordan . The two leaders told reporters after their White House talks that they would continue working together to bring about a resumption of Middle East peace talks , with King Abdullah citing the need to "  keep our fingers crossed " for progress . In recent months , King Abdullah has taken a more active role in trying to bridge the gulf between Israelis and Palestinians , filling the vacuum created by the removal of Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak . Earlier this month , Palestinian and Israeli negotiators met in Amman with representatives of the Middle East Quartet -- made up of the United States , the European Union , the United Nations and Russia -- in an effort to relaunch negotiations after more than a year of deadlock . No significant breakthrough was made , but the two sides agreed to meet again . Obama said Tuesday he wanted to express his appreciation for the monarch 's leadership in the region amid the change of what is known as the Arab Spring that has toppled governments in Egypt and Libya . On Syria , Obama noted that King Abdullah was the first leader of an Arab state to call on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down over excess brutality against his own people . Obama thanked the king "  for his willingness to stand up , " and for Jordan 's role in Arab League efforts to encourage a needed peaceful transition in Syria . "  Unfortunately , we 're continuing to see unacceptable levels of violence inside that country , and so we will continue to consult very closely with Jordan to create the kind of international pressure and environment that encourages the current Syrian regime to step aside so that a more democratic process of transition can take place inside of Syria , " he said . In addition , Obama noted what he called the "  extraordinary efforts that have been made by his majesty " and Jordan 's prime minister "  in guiding political reform in Jordan , " putting them "  ahead of the curve in trying to respond to legitimate concerns both politically and economically . " "  We have said we want to be as helpful as we can , " Obama said of Jordanian reform efforts . In his remarks , King Abdullah expressed his gratitude for U.S. support for Jordan 's political reforms , as well for its economic support . Obama , in his comments , said the United States is providing "  timely assistance in areas like food security this week . " "  As we move into political reform , obviously the economy and the situation that challenges the livelihood of Jordanians is very , very important as we move forward . But we are very , very optimistic , " said King Abdullah . Outside the White House , however , the Jordan National Movement , a group that says it seeks to promote democracy in the country , protested King Abdullah 's "  absolute monarchy system in Jordan . " Peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians fell apart more than a year ago over disagreements on the issue of Israeli settlements in the West Bank . In September , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas made a bid for the United Nations to recognize a Palestinian state , a move Israel called premature without direct talks to address its long-standing security concerns . In November , King Abdullah made a rare visit to the Palestinian political capital of Ramallah in the West Bank , followed by a meeting in Amman a week later with Israeli President Shimon Peres .	President Obama praises King Abdullah 's leadership in the Middle East King Abdullah has taken a more active role in the talks Jordan hosted Palestinian and Israeli negotiators earlier this month No significant breakthrough was made , but they agreed to meet again
CNN  -- Park rangers have recovered the body of a Colorado man who fell to his death on the slopes of Wyoming 's nearly 14,000-foot Grand Teton over the weekend , the National Park Service reported . Edward Tom was looking for a campsite in a strong storm Friday evening when he fell nearly 100 feet , according to the Park Service . Two physicians were in the area and rappelled down to him , but attempts to revive him failed , it said . Tom , 40 , of Boulder , Colorado , was at a backcountry camping site known as Petzold Caves when the storm hit , bringing heavy wind and hail . He and a climbing partner planned to spend the night there before climbing the 13,770-foot peak on Saturday , the Park Service said . Grand Teton is the highest peak in Grand Teton National Park , located outside Jackson , Wyoming .	Edward Tom died in a weekend fall in Grand Teton National Park , rangers say He was caught in a storm while searching for a campsite and fell nearly 100 feet The park is located in northwestern Wyoming , outside Jackson
PEOPLE.com  -- Since she decided to come out about her sexuality to help kids who have been bullied , Kristy McNichol says the response has been tremendous . "  I 'm overwhelmed with the love and support of my family , friends and fans , " McNichol , 49 , tells PEOPLE exclusively . Last week , McNichol , best known for her Emmy-award winning roles as Buddy Lawrence in "  Family " and later as Barbara Weston in "  Empty Nest , " shared a photo of herself with her longtime girlfriend Martie Allen and revealed to PEOPLE : "  As I approach 50 , I want to be open about who I am . " The openness , she hopes , will help others . "  Kristy feels strongly about fighting bullying and intolerance , " says her publicist Jeff Ballard . "  She realizes that kids do n't always have the coping skills to manage their fear and pain when they feel ` different . ' And in her own way , she wants to help others by telling people who she is . She hopes that all these small steps together can make a difference . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kristy McNichol says the response to her coming out has been tremendous She shared a photo of herself with her longtime girlfriend Martie Allen "  Kristy feels strongly about fighting bullying and intolerance , " her publicist says
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A group of Iranian intellectuals released a public apology this week for what they say is a long history of the country 's mistreatment of members of the Baha'i faith . The letter lists 11 reasons why its signatories are ashamed of the past treatment of Baha'is . The apology -- titled , "  We are ashamed " -- was published on the Web site Iranian.com and was signed by 42 Iranian professionals , all of whom do not live in Iran . "  As Iranian human beings , we are ashamed for what has been perpetrated upon the Baha'is in the last century and a half in Iran , " the letter says . In the letter , the group detailed incidents of violence and discrimination that it says the Iranian government has perpetrated against Baha'is . The Islamic republic has been condemned by human-rights activists and governments across the globe for its treatment of members of the Baha'i faith . The Baha'i movement has said that six of its followers were arrested in January in Tehran , including one who works with Nobel peace laureate Shirin Ebadi , the lawyer and activist . Seven leaders of the group arrested in 2008 also remain in jail . Members of Baha'i -- who say they are targeted in the predominantly Shiite nation because of their faith -- have faced arrests and other oppression over the years . They say the persecution is part of a pattern that began in 1979 . That 's when the monarchy of the Shah of Iran was toppled and an Islamic republic was created . Baha'i -- regarded as the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran -- claims to have 5 million members across the globe and about 300,000 in Iran . The European Parliament passed a resolution in January that criticized Iran 's treatment of Baha'is . The U.S. State Department also criticized Iran 's treatment of Baha'i followers in a report last year . CNN 's Roya Shadravan contributed to this report .	Iranian intellectuals publish letter of apology to members of the Baha'i faith The apology details alleged offences by the government against them Baha'i members say followers have been arrested , jailed for their faith
New York City  CNN  -- Four years ago , the devastating Hurricane Katrina affected millions in the United States . The initial medical response was ill-equipped , understaffed , poorly coordinated and delayed . Criticism was fierce . The response to Haiti has been the same . The point no one seems to remember is this : Medical response to these situations can not be delayed . Immediate access to emergency equipment is also crucial . Within 24 hours of the earthquake , Dr. David Helfet put together a 13-member team of surgeons , anesthesiologists and operating room nurses , with a massive amount of orthopedic operating room equipment , ready to be flown directly to Port-au-Prince on a private plane . We also had a plan to replace physicians and equipment -- within 24 hours , we could bring in whatever was necessary on a private jet . We believe we had a reasonably comprehensive orthopedic trauma service ; as trauma surgeons , we planned to provide acute care in the midst of an orthopedic disaster . We expected many amputations . But we thought we could save limbs that were salvageable , particularly those of children . We recognized that in an underdeveloped country , a limb amputation may be a death sentence . It does not have to be so . We thought our plan was a good one , but we soon learned we were incredibly naive . Disaster management in Haiti was nonexistent . The difficulties in getting in -- despite the intelligence we had from people on the ground and Dr. Helfet 's connections with Partners in Health and Bill and Hillary Clinton -- only hinted at the difficulties we would have once we arrived . We started out Friday morning and got a slot to get into Port-au-Prince on Friday . That was canceled when we were on the runway and was rescheduled for the next day . We were diverted to the Dominican Republic and planned on arriving in Port-au-Prince on Saturday . That Saturday morning slot also was canceled and postponed until the afternoon . The airport had one runway and hundreds of planes trying to land . But nobody was prioritizing the flights . Once we finally landed , we were taken to the General Hospital in Port-au-Prince with our medical supplies . We had been told that this hospital was up and running with two functioning operating rooms . Once we arrived , we saw a severely damaged hospital with no running water and only limited electrical power , supplied by a generator . Surgeries were being performed in the equivalent of a large storage closet , where amputations were performed with hacksaws . This facility could not nearly accommodate our equipment nor our expertise to treat the volume of injuries we saw . We quickly took our second option : Community Hospital of Haiti , about two miles away . There , we found about 750 patients lying on the floor . But the facility had running water , electricity and two functional operating rooms . We found scores of patients with pus dripping out of open extremity fractures and crush injuries . Some wounds were already ridden with maggots . About a third of these victims were children . The entire hospital smelled of infected , rotting limbs and death . Later on , we would judge our surgical progress by the diminishment of the stench . In our naïveté , we did n't expect that the two anesthesia machines would not work ; that there would be only one cautery available in the entire hospital to stop bleeding ; that an operating room sterilizer fit only instruments the size of a cigar box ; that there would be no sterile saline , no functioning fluoroscopy machine , no blood for transfusions , no ability to do lab work ; and the only local staff was a ragtag group of voluntary health providers who , like us , had made it there on their own . As we got up and running and organized the patients for surgery , we told our contacts in the United States what we needed . More supplies were loaded for a second trip . Those included a battery-operated pulse lavage , a huge supply of sterile saline and the soft goods we needed desperately in the operating room . The plane landed as planned Sunday night , and the new equipment was loaded onto a truck . Then that truck , loaded with life-saving equipment , was hijacked somewhere between the airport and the hospital . We had planned to run a marathon round-the-clock operation and leave at 11 p.m. Tuesday . We worked for 60-plus hours without stopping . The plane that would take us home would bring with it not only a new medical staff , but also equipment that was nonexistent in the hospital , or even the country . These pieces of equipment , two of each , were urgently needed : portable anesthesiology machines ; electrocautery machines to stop bleeding after amputations ; portable monitors for the recovery room ; autoclaves to sterilize equipment ; and a lot of orthopedic equipment , which we were quickly using up . The other items were those that were on the previous flight and had been hijacked . Officials at the Port-au-Prince airport canceled that plane 's 6 a.m. Tuesday slot , and the plane never made it to us on time . We had started to see daylight Monday night , having performed about 100 surgeries , which were mainly amputations , fixing broken limbs and soft tissue debridements . Many of the patients were children and babies . But on Tuesday morning , a huge number of new patients arrived . The Haitians had heard we were trying to save limbs , and families were bringing their injured loved ones to us . The hospital was forced to lock down , closing its gates to the angry and frustrated crowd outside . On Tuesday morning , we saw that many of the patients we had operated on were becoming septic and would require additional surgeries . We finished operating at noon Tuesday , our last surgery assisting an obstetrician on a Caesarean section and helping to resuscitate a newborn who was not breathing . We decided the situation was untenable . Our supplies were running out , our team was past exhaustion , safety was rapidly becoming a concern , and we had no firm plan to leave or resupply . A hospital benefactor helped us get to the airport . First , Jamaican soldiers with M-16s escorted us out of the building as the crowd outside saw us abandoning the hospital . We made it to the airport on the back of a pickup , got onto the tarmac , hailed a commercial plane that had carried cargo to Haiti and was returning to Montreal , Canada , and had a private jet pick us up from there . We were unprepared for what we saw in Haiti -- the vast amount of human devastation , the complete lack of medical infrastructure , the lack of support from the Haitian medical community , the lack of organization on the ground . No one was in charge . We had the first hospital in the Port-au-Prince area with functioning operating rooms , yet no one came to the hospital to assess how we did it or offer help . The fact that the military could not or would not protect the critical resupply medical equipment on Sunday , or allow the Tuesday flight to come in , is devastating and merits intense investigation . There was no security at the hospital . We needed a much higher level of security with strong and clear support of the military from the very beginning . The lack of support for our operation by the United States is shocking and embarrassing and shows how woefully unprepared we are for the realities of disasters . We came to understand that our isolated operation may work in a mission , but not in a disaster . We first thought we would support those at the helm but soon realized we were almost the only early responders with the critical expertise and equipment to treat an orthopedic disaster such as this . Still , nobody with a clear plan is in charge , and care is chaotic at best . Doctors are coming into the country with no plan of what they are going to do , and nobody directing them how to do it . Surgeons who expect to show up and operate will be mistaken . Without a complement of support staff and supplies , they are of limited to no value . We left feeling as if we abandoned these patients , the country and its people , and we feel terrible . Our role back in New York is to expose the inadequacies of the system in the hopes of effecting change immediately . Patients who are alive and still have their arms and legs remain in jeopardy unless an urgent response is implemented . The quickest and most efficient way to really help now and support the medical staff on the ground is to assess needs , provide equipment and personnel in necessary quantities , and bring them safely and expeditiously into the country and to the hospital units caring for patients . Upon our departure , we witnessed pallets of Cheerios and dry goods sitting on the tarmac helping nobody . Yet our flight of critical medical equipment and personnel had been canceled , and the equipment that did get through was hijacked . We implore an official organization to step up and take charge of the massive ongoing medical effort that will be necessary to care for the people of Haiti and their children . And to do it now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Drs. Dean Lorich , Soumitra Eachempati and David L. Helfet .	Doctors gathered sophisticated team and equipment for Haiti on private plane They found nobody in charge , chaos , hospitals had nothing , not even elementary equipment Plane sent with equipment ; supplies hijacked ; resupply plane not allowed in They say the "  lack of support for our operation by the United States is shocking "
Travel + Leisure  -- When studying up for a trip to the Holy Land , you might come across this warning : Whatever you do , do n't take a bear to the beach . Feeding pigeons is illegal in Venice , Italy , and could earn you a fine . Americans expect to experience some difference in laws when they travel the world , but some laws we found just sounded insane . In France , it 's illegal to name a pig Napoleon . In Florida , single women ca n't parachute on Sundays . And in England , you may urinate anywhere in public , including inside a policeman 's helmet , providing that you 're also pregnant . Granted , most of us can rest easy on the plane ride to our destinations knowing that we wo n't run afoul of such rules . Plus , many reported laws are just urban legends , and in other cases , anomalies on the books that no one has the time or interest to enforce .  "  People here do n't keep bears ! " an exasperated Israeli spokeswoman told us . "  Why would they take one to the beach ? " But other laws -- such as keeping your headlights on at all times while driving in Denmark -- are in equal parts surprising and real . Get caught , and the resulting fine could run about $ 100  and the entire EU may adopt the law  . See a Travel + Leisure slideshow of the world 's strangest laws While some laws seem ridiculous at first blush , they often carry their own logic . Pigeon-feeding is not tolerated  and fine-worthy  in Venice , because the winged troublemakers -- and really , their droppings -- wreak havoc on the city 's old , vulnerable buildings . Singapore is infamous for its tough laws against chewing gum and graffiti  remember the 18-year-old American who got caned in the 1990s ?  . In the Singaporeans ' defense , the gum laws -- which have relaxed a bit -- were originally enacted to fight what authorities saw as rampant gum-wad littering . Even so , do n't even think about leaving a public toilet un-flushed . It could cost you $ 100 . What should you do if you do break a law , crazy or otherwise , while on vacation ? Dick Atkins is a Philadelphia attorney who operates an international legal hotline , helping American travelers who have run afoul of the law in other countries . "  It 's always best to try to get an attorney involved , " he says . Ignoring the issue could result in problems if you make a return visit to that country . Atkins says he commonly deals with college kids who have taken too many liberties with other countries ' lower drinking ages , or unsuspecting tourists who get arrested for trying to take home souvenirs  such as old rugs  that end up being antiquities . He says such problems raise the argument for buying travel insurance , or even buying travel assistance packages , which can offer legal help abroad .  To price varying packages , check out US Travel Insurance Association . Of course , most Americans do n't bother with travel insurance . In that case , you can contact the American embassy or consulate for a list of local attorneys . Or you can handle the problem on your own . Robert Siciliano recently stayed at a Mexican resort , and when he and his family rented a car , they were almost immediately stopped by police and accused of swerving dangerously on the road .  Siciliano says he was merely driving around fallen palm braches and coconuts following the previous day 's Category 2 hurricane . "  They started to arrest me because they said all tickets were to be paid at the police station , " Siciliano says . But when he asked if he could pay the ticket on the spot , the cops agreed . Siciliano handed them a $ 100 bill and they let him go . He immediately returned the car . "  Total rental car time , 20 minutes . Cost , $ 155 , " he said . "  Not spending a second in a Mexican jail , priceless . " Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Singapore has tough policies against chewing gum and graffiti Pigeon-feeding is not tolerated in Venice because the birds damage old buildings You must keep your headlights on at all times while driving in Denmark If you break one of these laws it 's best to get an attorney involved , lawyer says
CNN  -- Iran 's centrist president-elect expressed a willingness to open dialogue with the United States , which it has n't had diplomatic relations with in decades , but only if the United States recognizes Iran 's right to a nuclear program . Hassan Rouhani , who won the presidency over the weekend , said in his first news conference Monday , however , that the Islamic republic has no intention of ending its uranium-enrichment program . The program is a major impetus for the international sanctions against Iran . Calling relations between the U.S. and Iran an "  old wound " and "  complicated , " Rouhani said that before there are talks , the U.S. must first promise to never interfere with Iranian domestic affairs and scrap its "  unilateral " and "  bullying policies . " "  Wisdom tells us both countries , both nations need to think more about the future and try to sit down and find solutions to past issues and rectify things , " he said . "  The rights of the Iranian nation , including nuclear rights , need to be recognized . " "  We are prepared to see tensions alleviated , " he added , noting that any talks "  should be based on mutual respect and interest and equal footing . " In opening his news conference , Rouhani , 65 , said repairing Iran 's economy and engaging in more dialogue -- both at home and abroad -- will be his administration 's top priorities . Dialogue and the economy are related , as Iran faces sharp international sanctions over its nuclear program , but Rouhani said he foresees a "  fresh opportunity for interaction at the global level . " Mutual trust and transparency are key to the international community lifting sanctions , which he called "  brutal , and the people of Iran have done nothing wrong to deserve sanctions . " "  Making use of the lever of sanctions , this is not the right time for that . ... Even in the West , they are facing economic problems and dilemmas , and they themselves know the sanctions are to the detriment of the West , " Rouhani said , adding that Israel was the only country benefiting from them . "  We can make it clear to the whole world that the measures and activities of the Islamic republic are totally within international regulations and mechanisms . " Rouhani did not elaborate on how he would make the country 's nuclear program more transparent , but he insisted that the Iranian nuclear program was lawful . He also voiced opposition to international "  meddling " in domestic affairs . While Rouhani encouraged Iran to act with "  unity and solidarity " as it transitions to his promised moderate rule in coming weeks , he said his primary goals will be "  acting in line with salvaging the country 's economy , reviving morality and constructive interaction with the world . " He said he could not yet provide time lines but said he would first like to ensure that Iranians had basic commodities before his government pursues "  the tranquility and stability of the economy . " This will require embracing "  moderation and justice , and not extremism and egoism , " he said . "  Electoral promises , I will not forget them , so I beseech the almighty God to give me the opportunity to materialize all those promises . " Rouhani said he would convene groups to discuss the best ways to improve the country 's social , cultural and economic affairs . "  As far as practice , that job will be delegated to the people themselves , " he said . After his victory was announced over the weekend , Rouhani spoke of reforms without threatening Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , or the country 's institutions -- of which he is a product . The former national security council chief promised greater personal freedoms and said he would free political prisoners and jailed journalists . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has already cautioned the world against easing such sanctions in the face of Rouhani 's promises . "  Regarding the results of the elections in Iran , let us not delude ourselves . The international community must not become caught up in wishes and be tempted to relax the pressure on Iran to stop its nuclear program , " Netanyahu said at a weekly Cabinet meeting . The prime minister also said Iran 's supreme leader "  disqualified candidates who did not fit his extremist outlook . " In his campaigning , Rouhani pledged to improve the economy and unemployment . As a former nuclear negotiator , he said , he would reduce the high tension between Iran and the outside world by addressing the sanctions . In a message through the semiofficial Fars News Agency , Rouhani said the win "  is the victory of wisdom , moderation , growth and awareness , the victory of commitment and religiosity over extremism and ill tempers . " Reaction from the West -- including that of Britain , the United States and United Nations -- revolved around calls for Rouhani to keep his promises to steer Iran in a new direction . The United States "  remains ready to engage the Iranian government directly in order to reach a diplomatic solution that will fully address the international community 's concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , " the White House said . While the White House respected the vote , it said the election occurred "  against the backdrop of a lack of transparency , censorship of the media , Internet , and text messages , and an intimidating security environment that limited freedom of expression and assembly . " Rouhani succeeds outgoing President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was term-limited and could not run in the election . But Rouhani wo n't be Iran 's most powerful man . That distinction belongs to Khamenei , who has been Iran 's supreme leader since 1989 . He 's got plenty of backing , from conservative citizens to loyalist militia groups to , most notably , the Revolutionary Guard . On his website , the supreme leader said Rouhani is the president of all Iranians and told supporters of various candidates to set aside their differences and unify . Rouhani has all-round credentials in Iran 's institutions , including as a senior cleric and former commander of Iranian air defenses , and he is an intellectual with three law degrees , including from a university in Scotland . He has a reputation for shunning extreme positions and bridging differences . While he has represented Khamenei on Iran 's security council since 1989 , he has avoided being perceived as a pushover and has taken exception with the supreme leader on being too rigid toward the international community , according to an Iranian scholar at Stanford University . He has also accused state-run media of censorship and publishing lies . Prior to Rouhani 's election , Iran 's Guardian Council , an unelected body made up of six clerics and six lawyers operating under the oversight of the supreme leader , drew up the restricted list of candidates from the 680 who initially registered . Eight candidates were approved , two of whom subsequently dropped out . The final six contenders did n't include any women . Nor did they include Ahmadinejad 's aide and protege Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , who was among those excluded by the Guardian Council . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Michael Martinez , Holly Yan , Michael Schwartz , Laura Smith-Spark , Reza Sayah , Azadeh Ansari and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. must respect Iran 's nuclear rights before talks can begin , Hassan Rouhani says The West knows sanctions do n't work , he says ; they benefit only Israel Iran 's president-elect : Nuclear program lawful , but more transparency needed Government will pursue policies of "  moderation and justice , and not extremism and egoism "
CNN  -- For 17 years , NASA rovers have laid down tire tracks on Mars . But details the space agency divulged this week about its next Martian exploration vehicle underscored NASA 's ultimate goal . Footprints are to follow someday . The last three rovers -- Spirit , Opportunity and Curiosity -- confirmed the Red Planet 's ability to support life and searched for signs of past life . The Mars rover of the next decade will hone in on ways to sustain future life there , human life . "  The 2020 rover will help answer questions about the Martian environment that astronauts will face and test technologies they need before landing on , exploring and returning from the Red Planet , " said NASA 's William Gerstenmaier who works on human missions . This will include experiments that convert carbon dioxide in the Martian atmosphere into oxygen "  for human respiration . " Oxygen could also be used on Mars in making rocket fuel that would allow astronauts to refill their tanks . Twin rovers The 2020 rover is the near spitting image of Curiosity and NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory announced plans to launch the new edition not long after Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 . But the 2020 rover has new and improved features . The Mars Oxygen ISRU Experiment , or MOXIE for short , is just one . There are super cameras that will send back 3D panoramic images and spectrometers that will analyze the chemical makeup of minerals with an apparent eye to farming . "  An ability to live off the Martian land would transform future exploration of the planet , " NASA said in a statement . The 2020 rover will also create a job for a future mission to complete , once the technology emerges to return to Earth from Mars . It will collect soil samples to be sent back for lab analysis at NASA . Mars since 1964 In the 1960s , the public focus on NASA centered on missions to the moon . Neil Armstrong , who took his "  one small step for a man , one giant leap for mankind " 45 years ago , was the first human to set foot on a celestial body . But by then , the space agency had already sent a satellite to Mars -- the first in 1964 . In 1976 , the first two landers , Viking 1 and 2 , touched down on its surface . The first rover , Pathfinder , began rolling around 20 years later . In 2016 , NASA plans to send a new stationary lander , InSight , to Mars to drop a probe into the ground and research the planet 's core . It 's currently undergoing testing . The future mission to bring back soil samples collected by the Mars 2020 rover is to be robotic . It 's not clear when Earthlings can look forward to the next small step for a human that 's a giant leap for humankind .	The Mars 2020 rover looks a lot like the Curiosity rover It has better and new exploration technology Cameras will see in stereo and spectrometers will analyze soil for organic material It will collect soil samples for future missions to send back
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor and rapper LL Cool J "  physically detained " an alleged burglar he caught in his Los Angeles home early Wednesday , police said . The man tripped his home security alarm at 1 a.m. , sending him into action , according to a Los Angeles Police statement . After catching the man , he held him until police arrived , police said . The man , whose name was not released , was booked into jail , police said . The police statement did not detail what charges he faces . "  LL Cool J , and his family , are safe and thank everyone for their thoughts and concern , " his representative said in a statement to CNN . "  As a father , husband and citizen , he is committed to keeping his family safe and is cooperating with authorities on this private matter . " LL Cool J , whose real name is James Todd Smith , plays Special Agent Sam Hanna on "  NCIS : Los Angeles , " a CBS crime series . CNN 's Denise Quan and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	A man tripped LL Cool J 's home security alarm early Wednesday , police say After catching the man , the rapper-actor held him until police arrived , police say "  LL Cool J , and his family , are safe , " his representative says
CNN  38 and home . The Kentucky Wildcats ' bid for perfection ended Saturday night at the hands of the Wisconsin Badgers , who rallied for a tough 71-64 victory in the NCAA men 's basketball Final Four at Indianapolis . They will meet four-time national champ Duke in Monday night 's title game . The Blue Devils dominated Michigan State 81-61 in the first contest of the night . National player of the year finalist Frank Kaminsky led Wisconsin with 20 points and 11 rebounds . Junior forward Sam Dekker added 16 points . "  These guys just gutted it out. , " Wisconsin Head Coach Bo Ryan said . "  We just kept battling on every possession . " Freshman Karl-Anthony Towns led Kentucky with 16 points . Sophomore Andrew Harrison chipped in 13 points while Aaron Harrison had 12 points . Kentucky came into the game as the first men 's team to have a 38-0 record . But the Badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game . Wisconsin went on an 8-0 run to regain a lead it never relinquished . It will be looking to win its first title since 1941 . As the final minutes ticked off , the Wildcats failed to score . They were stuck on 60 for five minutes . The Harrison twins , who shot well in the first half , could n't get much done offensively . "  I did n't execute . I mean , we did n't execute as a team , but me being the point guard , I did n't do what coach told me to on a couple of occasions , " Andrew Harrison said at the postgame news conference . His coach sternly interjected . "  He did fine . He did fine , " John Calipari said . Meanwhile , Dekker stepped up , making a layup , a three-pointer and a free throw as the Badgers scooted ahead . Calipari said the Badgers did a good job defending the Kentucky big men . "  They crowded us a little bit , and  our  guys got a little tentative , " he said . Calipari looked at the stat sheet : Kentucky had only six turnovers , hit 90 % of its free throws , made 48 % of its field goals , and lost . He said his team struggled to guard Wisconsin 's players , and the rebound battle -- which Wisconsin won by 12 -- was crucial . Kamisky , who turned 22 on Saturday , was asked how the Badgers outrebounded a team that is the tallest in basketball . "  We stayed into them , attacking them , trying to do whatever we can , " he said . "  Just trying to keep them off the glass was one of our main priorities . " Freshman Justise Winslow led Duke with 19 points while national freshman of the year Jahlil Okafor had 18 points , 10 of which came in the first half . Senior guard Quinn Cook had 17 . "  The defense was terrific , " Duke Head Coach Mike Krzyzewski said . "  We drove the ball with such strength . I actually think our offense gave our defense a push . " Junior guard Denzel Valentine sparked the Spartans with three early three-pointers and finished with 22 points and a game-high 11 rebounds . Senior guard Travis Trice had 16 points . The Spartans , of the Big Ten , began the game in a higher gear than Duke , and quickly took an eight-point lead . But after Valentine hit his trio of long-range shots and Michigan State led 14-6 , the Spartans struggled to get baskets the rest of the first half . "  They did a good job of denying us and forcing us out  farther from the basket  . We took some bad shots , " Valentine said . Duke occasionally used a 2-3 zone defense that protected some of its players with foul concerns and slowed the Spartans down . But it was when Duke played man-to-man that the Spartans really had a hard time scoring . State made five of its first seven shots , then only made three more in the final 16 minutes of the opening half . The Blue Devils , of the Atlantic Coast Conference , found baskets inside as the 6-foot-11 , 270-pound Okafor powered for points around the basket . Winslow used his quickness to score seven points in the first half , but he only played 12 minutes because he committed two fouls . Duke led at halftime 36-25 , a turnaround of 19 points from its early deficit . "  Coach always stresses that great defense leads to great offense , " Cook said . The confidence gained in getting defensive stops led to the desire for Duke players to drive the lane instead of shooting three-pointers . "  We saw seams that we could take advantage of , " Cook said . In the second half , Duke increased its lead to 20 points , then cruised home . The Spartans were never able to cut the deficit to single digits and Duke sank its free throws in the final minutes . "  We got beat and ... Duke played awfully well , but I thought it was n't one of our better games , " Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo said . The Blue Devils apparently like playing in Final Fours in Indianapolis , home of the NCAA . It won titles there in 1991 and 2010 . The other two crowns came in 1992 and 2001 , each in Minneapolis . Duke has beaten Wisconsin this season , 80-70 in Wisconsin in December . If Duke wins Monday night , it would tie Indiana and North Carolina for third-most NCAA championships with five .	Wisconsin , which last won a title in 1941 , was led by birthday boy Frank Kaminsky Justise Winslow leads Duke with 19 points , while Jahlil Okafor has 18 Coach K says his team 's defense was "  terrific "
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- A few thousand people turned out Sunday to protest in Morocco , saying the king 's proposed constitutional reforms do n't go far enough . Though many expressed support for their king to stay in power , demonstrators argued that a network of privilege and patronage surrounding him must end , and that he must part with more power than he has proposed . In calling for the protests on Saturday , a member of the Rabat wing said participants are seeking "  a truly democratic constitution and a parliamentary monarchy . " "  The plan as proposed by the king yesterday does not respond to our demands for a true separation of powers , " the organizer said Saturday . But a Casablanca-based spokeswoman for the reform movement spoke out Saturday against organizing demonstrations , saying , "  All Moroccans are happy with the king 's speech . " King Mohammed VI of Morocco declared sweeping reforms that will boost the power of the prime minister and take away some of his own . The revamped draft constitution will make officials more accountable , the parliament in Rabat more dynamic and will give the government greater powers , the 47-year-old king said in a nationally televised address . The reform movement has called for the creation of a parliamentary monarchy , an end to the influence of the king 's inner circle and for a crackdown on corrupt officials . Spain and Britain are examples of a parliamentary monarchy . In his 30-minute speech Friday , the sovereign described the draft constitution as "  a bedrock of the special Moroccan democratic development model -- a new historical bond between the throne and the people , " while describing himself as a "  citizen king . " His actions followed a series of unprecedented protests in this North African modern Muslim country , where street protests are normally tolerated by the state , unlike in most other Arab countries . If the draft is ratified in a referendum set for July 1 , its most radical change would be empowering voters to select a prime minister , thereby ending the longstanding practice in which the king has selected his own man for the job . The prime minister has tended to take his lead from the sovereign on key matters of state . If Moroccans back the draft , then the new prime minister would have new powers in decision-making and in day-to-day management -- relieving the king of a number of duties and aligning the style of management along the lines followed by some European Union countries . In an example of power sharing , the draft constitution empowers the prime minister to dissolve the House of Representatives , and stresses that the king shall consult him before announcing the dissolution of parliament . "  It specifies the conditions to be observed in each case in order to ensure the separation of powers as well as balance and cooperation between the branches , " the king said . Friday 's speech stems from a process that was first announced in March , after widespread civil unrest in the wake of the revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt . The king instructed a hand-picked committee to consult with political parties , trade unions and civil society groups on constitutional changes with a brief to trim the monarch 's political powers and make the judiciary independent . But not all civil society groups were consulted , which sparked a wave of demonstrations across the kingdom from groups who feared they would be left out of the new plan . This move alone -- to grant real power to an elected prime minister -- could satisfy a number of demands from those members of society who have called for change . Confirming the full authority of the head of government over cabinet members , the draft constitution gives the prime minister the power to propose and dismiss cabinet members . But King Mohammed will remain a key power broker in the security , military and religious fields , according to the draft . For example , the king would still serve as "  the supreme commander of the armed forces " and would not relinquish the power to appoint ambassadors and diplomats under the new constitution . Furthermore , the king would retain the power to dissolve parliament after consultations with the new constitutional court , half of whose members he would have appointed . Journalist Martin Jay contributed to this report .	NEW : Thousands turn out Sunday Moroccans will vote for the constitution in a referendum slated for July 1 King Mohammed 's role would be that of "  citizen king " Mohammed says the constitution will guarantee judiciary 's independence
CNN  -- Haiti 's poverty has been much discussed since its massive earthquake , but little has been said of its rich , and equally fraught , history . For African-Americans , Haiti 's tragedy hits close to home . For more than two centuries the tiny , at times fragile , republic has inspired black political activism in the United States . Born of the influence of the French and American revolutions , Haiti , once prized as the jewel of the French Empire , changed the course of its history by engineering a revolution that startled the world . Once a colony of slaves under French rule in the 18th century , Haiti transformed itself into the first black republic and one of the first nations in the Western Hemisphere to outlaw slavery . It is a breathtakingly inspirational story : Slaves revolted en masse in 1791 under the leadership of Toussaint L'Ouverture , a brilliant statesman and military strategist who was influenced by the Enlightenment ideals of universal freedom and citizenship . Ultimately , the rebels defeated Napoleon 's army and England before declaring independence in 1804 . The founders of the American Republic had celebrated the news of revolution in France , but news of the revolt in Haiti did n't receive the same applause . News of this successful revolution led by slaves reverberated across the Caribbean to the United States and brought chills up the spines of whites -- including President Thomas Jefferson , who deplored the revolution and despised the new republic 's existence . But it emboldened African-American slaves . Fears that Haiti 's successful revolt could inspire slave insurrections in the United States led to increased restrictions on the movements of blacks in Southern states . Coupled with concerns over the stability of slavery in Cuba , Haiti represented a powerful threat to the comfort , safety and security of the new American Republic . In antebellum America , and during the Civil War , black and white abolitionists saw Haiti as an example of the potential and possibilities of black political leadership . In many respects , Haiti 's liberation from French rule proved to be a high point , sadly followed by a seemingly endless cycle of economic poverty , foreign intervention -- including American occupation from 1915 to 1934 -- government corruption , and dictatorships . Yet there is another , equally important aspect of Haitian history , one that black Americans identify with deeply . During the period of antebellum slavery and after , Haiti profoundly impacted the imagination of African-American political activism . On the eve of the Civil War , Frederick Douglass spoke for most African-Americans when he referred to the "  bright example " of Haiti . He called Toussaint Louverture "  the noble liberator and law-giver of his brave and dauntless people . " Douglass and other blacks considered Toussaint one of the greatest self-made men of the 19th century . Caribbean migration to the United States , beginning in the early 20th century , transformed black political activism . Immigrants such as Marcus Garvey and Hubert Harrison emerged as street speakers in Harlem . And the Haitian Revolution remained a touchstone for radical black political activists . C.L.R. James , a Trinidadian-born author and activist , wrote a 1939 history of the revolt , "  The Black Jacobins , " that remains a classic in Africana Studies scholarship . The immigration of Haitians in increasing numbers after the passage of major immigration reform in 1965 has allowed Haitian culture to establish critical beachheads in cities such as New York , Boston , and Miami . Haiti 's culture -- its food , music , flag , and proud revolutionary tradition -- resonates alongside of contemporary African-American culture . The popularity of hip hop musician Wyclef Jean , the proliferation of Haitian sports stars , and the prevalence of Kreyol -LSB- Haitian Creole -RSB- words such as "  Sa k ' Pase " in rap music attest to Haiti 's influence . As the Haitian people prepare to rebuild their republic , we would do well to remember that the tragedy of Haiti is not a failure of black power but ultimately the frustration of it , one that involves mistakes by not only Haitians but by Western powers as well , including the United States . Haitians are the descendants of the great black revolution for liberation , imbued with a history of wrestling with crises . The spirit of the Haitian people is resilient and resourceful . These values will serve them well even during this unimaginable devastation . The Haitian people can also take comfort in the knowledge that African-Americans continue to find deep kinship , one forged in the shared crucible of slavery as well as heroic resistance against this system , in their current plight and efforts to rebuild Port-au-Prince . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Peniel E. Joseph .	Peniel Joseph : For 200 years , Haitian revolution has inspired black activism in the U.S. Joseph : Haitian slaves , led by Toussaint L'Ouverture , founded first black republic Haitians are descendants of revolution , with a resilient , resourceful spirit , Joseph says Haitians ' kinship with African-Americans lies in slavery and heroic resistance , he says
Washington  CNN  -- In the past few weeks , we 've seen a British soldier hacked to death with a meat cleaver on the streets of London and bombers blowing up spectators at the Boston Marathon . On the surface , terrorism is alive and well . So how should the United States react to these continuing threats ? For the first time on Thursday , President Obama laid out the full scope of his proposed counterterrorism strategy , and it boiled down to this : George W. Bush 's endless war on terror is over . And that 's appropriate , since the enemy Bush went to war with after September 11 has largely been defeated . Obama 's speech at the National Defense University in Washington was designed to lay the political groundwork to wind down America 's longest war , the war that began when al Qaeda destroyed the World Trade Center and a wing of the Pentagon 12 years ago . Thursday 's speech was the first time Obama had delivered an overarching framework for how to conceptualize the conflict that has defined U.S. national security policy since 9/11 . Other speeches by Obama have focused on aspects of that conflict , such as Guantanamo and the Afghan war . But no speech has made such an expansive examination of the war against al Qaeda and its allies in all its manifestations , from drone strikes to detention policies to a clear-eyed assessment of the scope of the threats posed by al Qaeda and its affiliates , as well as by those "  homegrown " extremists who attacked the Boston Marathon in April . Much of the coverage of the speech has centered on the measures the president outlined to impose greater constraints on CIA drone strikes and to try to hasten the eventual closing of Guantanamo . But the most significant aspect of the speech was the president 's case that the "  perpetual wartime footing " and "  boundless war on terror " that has permeated so much of American life since 9/11 should come to an end . Obama argued that the time has come to redefine the kind of conflict that the United States is engaged in : "  We must define the nature and scope of this struggle , or else it will define us . " This is why the president focused part of his speech on a discussion of the seemingly arcane Authorization for the Use of Military Force that Congress passed days after 9/11 and that gave Bush the authority to go to war in Afghanistan against al Qaeda and its Taliban allies . Few , if any , in Congress who voted for the authorization understood at the time that they were voting for a virtual blank check that has provided the legal basis for more than a decade of war . It is a war that has expanded in recent years to other countries in the Middle East and Africa , such as Yemen and Somalia , where the U.S. has engaged in covert military operations against al Qaeda-affiliated groups . Theoretically , when U.S. combat troops finally withdraw from Afghanistan in December 2014 , the authorization should simply expire , and the nation will no longer be at war . After all , once combat operations are over in Afghanistan , why would you want to keep in place an authorization for a permanent war ? However , there are now some in Congress who would like to expand the scope of the Authorization for the Use of Military Force beyond its present parameters to include military operations against terrorist groups that were not involved in the 9/11 attacks , which could prolong America 's wars indefinitely and add additional terrorist groups to the United States ' list of enemies it is at war with . U.S. Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , ranking member of the influential Senate Foreign Relations Committee , for instance , last month called for an expansion of the scope of the authorization . Obama made it quite clear in his Thursday speech that he would oppose such an expansion , saying he hopes instead to "  ultimately repeal the AUMF 's mandate . And I will not sign laws designed to expand this mandate further . " In short , Obama intends to end a seemingly endless war . That 's because , according to Obama , "  the core of al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan is on the path to defeat . Their remaining operatives spend more time thinking about their own safety than plotting against us . " On Thursday , Obama asserted  in my view , correctly  that what remains of the terrorist threat , while significant and persistent , is nothing on the scale of the al Qaeda organization that launched the 9/11 operation and instead consists of "  less capable al Qaeda affiliates , threats to diplomatic facilities and businesses abroad , homegrown extremists . " These threats , the president further asserted , can be managed by carefully targeted drone strikes overseas and efforts to counter extremist ideology at home and do not require some kind of broader war . Obama is also looking to his legacy and the presidents who will follow him and is trying to begin to create the public consensus and legal framework that will help to ensure that the United States is n't "  drawn into more wars we do n't need to fight , or continue to grant presidents unbound powers more suited for traditional armed conflicts between nation states . " Obama clearly hopes to leave office in 2016 as the commander in chief who finally ended America 's longest war .	Terrorism has been in the news with Boston bombing and killing of UK soldier in the street Peter Bergen says despite recent acts , the enemy behind 9/11 has been defeated He says President Obama signaled he wants Bush 's endless war on terror to end Bergen : Key part of Obama speech was idea that America 's perpetual war footing should end
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- For years , political scientists assumed our political leanings came from the way we were raised and the company we keep . You 're a screaming liberal ? Must be because you were raised in a household full of screaming liberals . You 're an arch conservative ? Must be because of that college you went to . Experts are studying the theory that political leanings are related to the way individuals process information . But slowly , some political scientists are beginning to change their minds on what shapes our political views . They 're starting to wonder whether some of our political identity is rooted in our DNA . The theory goes something like this : Choosing a political point of view involves thinking through issues : Will more lax immigration rules put the U.S. at risk ? Will tighter gun-control laws help lower the murder rate ? Many scientists believe how our brains work is influenced by our genes -- that to some extent we 're hard-wired from birth to process information in a certain way . This does n't mean , these scientists say , genes dictate how we think ; environment clearly plays a huge role . Nor does it mean there 's a Republican gene or a Democrat gene . Scientists who espouse the genetics-politics connection say that probably hundreds of genes influence how we think and how we see the world . Watch more about how your genes can influence how you vote . " "  Political tendencies are like being left-handed or right-handed -- you 're born feeling more natural using one hand or the other , " says John Alford , a political scientist at Rice University . "  It does n't mean you ca n't switch -- for many years lefties were taught to be righties . But it 's not easy . " It 's a classic dispute of nature versus nurture , and it was Alford 's study on nearly 10,000 twins that started the debate three years ago . The study showed identical twins , who share all the same genes , are more likely to share political views than fraternal twins , who share only about 50 percent of their genes . After Alford 's study , scientists set out to see whether brains of liberals and conservatives look any different . In one study , researchers at New York University and UCLA asked 43 study subjects to assess , on this scale if they were liberal or conservative . They then strapped electrodes on the subjects and had them play a game on the computer game . In a study published last year in the journal Nature Neuroscience , the researchers found that liberals and conservatives processed information differently . Specifically , they found differences in activity in the anterior cingulate cortex , an area of the brain that processes conflicting information . David Amodio , an assistant professor of psychology at New York University , and lead author of the study , says these results suggest that liberals and conservatives have some basic brain differences -- and those differences are influenced by our genetic makeup . "  People used to think political attitudes were influenced only by our culture and our environment , " he says . "  Now we realize political attitudes are influenced by genes in interaction with the environment . " Political scientist James Fowler at the University of California , San Diego , puts it this way : "  What we are discovering is that nature is just as important as nurture when it comes to political behavior . " Our genes may influence not just our political point of view , but also whether we vote at all . In a study recently accepted by The Journal of Politics , Fowler found people with one version of a gene called MAOA were 1.3 times more likely to vote than those with a different version . In addition , members of religious groups who carried a particular version of another gene called 5HTT were 60 percent more likely to vote than members of religious groups with a different version of the gene . The science of genes and politics is not without its critics . Some say there 's absolutely no proof that our political views are embedded in our DNA . "  These are very facile studies that make outrageous claims , " says Evan Charney , a political scientist at Duke University . "  They 're trying to make political science into a science , when really it 's not . " For example , he says identical twins might have more similar political views than fraternal twins because they were raised "  as if they were one unit . They 're dressed in the same clothes and given names that rhyme . " Alford , who did the twins study , disagrees . He says genes do make a difference , and he hopes the genes-politics research will help increase tolerance for people with different political views . "  Maybe we 'll all just accept that people are built to see the world differently , " he says . "  There is n't one correct way to be . It 's just the way you are . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	Political scientists study whether some political identity is rooted in DNA Theory : Political leanings related to the way individuals process information One study found differing brain activity as liberals , conservatives processed info No Democrat or Republican gene ; environment a huge factor
Syria , which has long accused Arab and Western satellite news networks for fabricating and falsifying events , now has CNN in its sights . State-run Syrian media asserted Thursday that CNN journalists were involved in blowing up an oil pipeline in Homs province , collaborating with "  saboteurs . " The allegations surfaced when Syrian state TV aired portions of the CNN documentary "  72 Hours Under Fire , " about the challenges faced by a CNN team while on assignment in Homs . "  72 Hours Under Fire " : Life and death under Syria 's onslaught Rafiq Lutf , described as a member of the Arab Journalists Union in America , asked on the program : "  Who is behind the attack ? It is one particular group . Who is this group ? Let  CNN  answer this question . It 's one of two things . It is either that they are the perpetrators . ... But I guarantee to you that they are the accomplices . " The anchor talking with Lutf spoke of "  conclusive evidence of the involvement of CNN and the American journalists who were present there in the detonation of the oil pipelines in Homs . " Syria 's state news agency SANA picked up the theme Friday , writing that the footage "  revealed that the camera operators were CNN correspondents who entered Syria illegally through the Lebanese borders and seemed to have coordinated with the saboteurs to film a video of the attack and send it to their channel . " SANA also reported that CNN claimed the "  Syrian army was behind the attack to deflect suspicion of any coordination , if not to say involvement , with the terrorist saboteurs . " Tony Maddox , executive vice president and managing director of CNN International , called the assertions "  ridiculous . " "  We stand firmly behind our excellent reporting on Syria , " he said . "  It is a pity that its citizens did not get to see this important documentary without these ridiculous interventions . " Among other allegations made on the program , Lutf asked whether American media outlets were working with al Qaeda , which he linked to the Free Syrian Army resistance . "  Why are they now working with al Qaeda ? " he asks . "  I lived in America for 16 years , and I know the Americans are good people . " There have been other unlikely claims by Syrian state media against what they see as international conspiracies against the regime . A state TV anchor said Al-Jazeera , the Arabic-language news network , "  depended on armed individuals , the terrorists as correspondents . " Syrian networks devote hours every day to projecting the government 's message and discrediting any version of events that differs from the regime 's . Syria has been cracking down on anti-regime protesters for more than a year , and during that time , Syria has blocked unhindered access to international journalists . As a result , it is nearly impossible to confirm events there independently . The government has consistently blamed the violence in the country on terrorist groups , but activists say the government security forces and their militia allies have instigated attacks against civilians .	Syrian media claim journalists helped blow up oil pipeline in Homs CNN executive decries "  ridiculous " allegations Media also carry claim that U.S. outlets are working with al Qaeda
CNN  -- British authorities have charged a veteran children 's television host with more than a dozen counts of child abuse stemming from an ongoing investigation into another TV personality . Australian-born Rolf Harris was charged with nine counts of indecent assault dating to 1980 , the Crown Prosecution Service announced Thursday . Another four counts accuse Harris of making indecent images of children in 2012 , when he was first questioned by police . Harris , now 83 , hosted children 's shows and a painting program on Australian and British networks and painted a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II for the monarch 's 80th birthday in 2005 . He was arrested as part of the long-running Operation Yewtree , the investigation set up after a documentary leveled allegations of sexual abuse against now-deceased "  Top of the Pops " and "  Jim 'll Fix It " host Jimmy Savile . "  Having completed our review , we have concluded that there is sufficient evidence and it is in the public interest for Mr. Harris to be charged with nine counts of indecent assault and four of making indecent images of a child , " Alison Saunders , chief prosecutor for London , said in a statement announcing the charges . "  The alleged indecent assaults date from 1980 to 1986 and relate to two complainants aged 14 and 15 at the time of the alleged offending . " Harris had been released on bail after his initial arrest in March . He 's scheduled to appear in court on the charges September 23 , prosecutors said . Operation Yewtree was launched after an ITV documentary in October led to a flood of allegations against Savile , who had been seen as an eccentric but charismatic man who raised millions of pounds for charity . The claims stretched from 1955 to 2009 . Savile died in 2011 at age 84 .	Rolf Harris faces 13 counts , some of which date to 1980 He hosted children 's and painting shows in Australia and Britain Charges were part of investigation into another entertainer , Jimmy Savile
Once your airplane 's flight crew has shut the cabin doors in preparation for departure , do n't open the door for a late-arriving boss . Not even if that employer is "  Birthday Sex " singer Jeremih , aka Jeremy Felton . R&B artist Felton and musician Adam Woods arrived too late to the gate at Newark Liberty International Airport for U.S. Airways Flight 653 to Phoenix on Friday afternoon , an incident that was first reported at NJ.com . The aircraft doors were closed . Instead of getting booked on the next flight , Felton called his bouncer , Dontate Cunningham , who was already on the flight , to let Felton and Woods board . "  One of the members who had already properly proceeded through the now closed secondary jetway door opened the jetway door in an effort to unofficially allow his fellow members entrance onto the aircraft , " confirmed Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesman Joe Pentangelo , via email . The Port Authority operates the airport . The US Airways crew called Port Authority police , which took three suspects into custody , Pentangelo confirmed . The entire party was removed from the flight , airline spokeswoman Leslie Scott said . Felton and Woods were charged with obstruction of the administration of law and disorderly conduct ; and alleged door-opener Cunningham was charged with defiant trespass , said Pentangelo . All three were released on a summons and ordered to appear back in court at a later date , Pentangelo said . The flight departed about five minutes late , Scott said .	R&B "  Birthday Sex " singer Jeremih arrived late at Newark airport gate His bouncer was allegedly already on the aircraft The bouncer allegedly opened the aircraft 's back door for him Jeremih and two others were arrested and charged
London  CNN  -- An Olympic bronze medal stolen from a London nightclub earlier this week has been reunited with its owner . A spokesman for the London Metropolitan police said a medal belonging to the British field hockey player Hannah Macleod had been mailed anonymously to the offices of England Hockey on Friday . The player had appealed via her Twitter account for the medal to be returned in this manner . A bronze medal belonging to fellow British Olympian Alex Partridge , a rower , remains missing . "  We are still looking to recover the second medal , and we stress that our inquiries remain active , " said Detective Chief Inspector James Harman . "  Alex 's medal has yet to be traced , and he is understandably keen to be reunited with it as soon as possible . " The medals were taken after Partridge , 31 , and Macleod , 28 , left their blazers , with the medals inside , unattended as they danced in the upmarket Mahiki nightclub , following a reception with Britain 's queen for London 2012 athletes at Buckingham Palace . On Thursday , following an appeal from the athletes via their Twitter accounts , Partridge 's jacket was handed in at a London police station , without his medal . A man was subsequently arrested , before being bailed to return in November pending further inquiries . Both athletes tweeted images taken from the club 's security footage of a man present that night . The image has been retweeted thousands of times . Macleod had earlier tweeted that she was "  totally devastated " by the loss . Partridge tweeted a request to "  keep your eyes open all over London , " and thanked the public for its support . Partridge won his bronze as a member of the men 's eight rowing team , and won silver in the same event at the 2008 Games in Beijing . Macleod received hers as a member of the women 's field hockey team . Harman said police wanted to hear from anyone with information on the thefts . "  Our appeals for information stand and I take this opportunity to reiterate them -- if the public can help , we ask them to do so . "	One of two Olympic medals stolen from a London nightclub has been recovered Hannah Macleod 's bronze medal was mailed anonymously to England Hockey The medals were taken early Wednesday following a royal reception The athletes had left the medals in the pockets of their unattended jackets
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's largest unions carried out mass protests across the country Sunday in response to labor-market changes announced by the government . Protesters packed the streets of Madrid , marching against measures they said will make it cheaper and easier to fire workers . Sunday 's demonstrations were the first major union protests against Spain 's new conservative government , which took office two months ago . Spain 's unemployment rate is nearly 23 % , and its youth unemployment rate is nearly 50 % . About 5.2 million people in the country are jobless . Last week Spain 's parliament approved the labor reforms , which the nation 's Cabinet approved earlier this month . Government officials have argued that the new labor reforms will reduce unemployment and give workers more rights , such as an annual 20-hour paid leave for training . "  We do n't think that . We think unemployment will increase because these reforms directly attack workers , " said Ismael Cabrera , a protester . Demonstrators said the reforms -- which also reduce the amount of severance employers must pay -- will further cripple the country . Pedro Munoz , a welder , said he was marching Sunday because he was worried about his grandchildren 's future . Business administration student Raquel Tapia Solascasas carried a large pair of cardboard scissors , protesting cutbacks in education . "  They offer you internships for a year and they fire you without severance pay . There 's no future for young people here , " she said .	NEW : "  There 's no future for young people here , " says a protester Demonstrators pack the streets of Madrid , marching against labor reform measures Government officials say the labor reforms will reduce unemployment About 5.2 million people in Spain are jobless
The NSA has become too big and too powerful . What was supposed to be a single agency with a dual mission -- protecting the security of U.S. communications and eavesdropping on the communications of our enemies -- has become unbalanced in the post-Cold War , all-terrorism-all-the-time era . Putting the U.S. Cyber Command , the military 's cyberwar wing , in the same location and under the same commander , expanded the NSA 's power . The result is an agency that prioritizes intelligence gathering over security , and that 's increasingly putting us all at risk . It 's time we thought about breaking up the National Security Agency . Broadly speaking , three types of NSA surveillance programs were exposed by the documents released by Edward Snowden . And while the media tends to lump them together , understanding their differences is critical to understanding how to divide up the NSA 's missions . The first is targeted surveillance . This is best illustrated by the work of the NSA 's Tailored Access Operations  TAO  group , including its catalog of hardware and software "  implants " designed to be surreptitiously installed onto the enemy 's computers . This sort of thing represents the best of the NSA and is exactly what we want it to do . That the United States has these capabilities , as scary as they might be , is cause for gratification . The second is bulk surveillance , the NSA 's collection of everything it can obtain on every communications channel to which it can get access . This includes things such as the NSA 's bulk collection of call records , location data , e-mail messages and text messages . This is where the NSA overreaches : collecting data on innocent Americans either incidentally or deliberately , and data on foreign citizens indiscriminately . It does n't make us any safer , and it is liable to be abused . Even the director of national intelligence , James Clapper , acknowledged that the collection and storage of data was kept a secret for too long . The third is the deliberate sabotaging of security . The primary example we have of this is the NSA 's BULLRUN program , which tries to "  insert vulnerabilities into commercial encryption systems , IT systems , networks and endpoint communication devices . " This is the worst of the NSA 's excesses , because it destroys our trust in the Internet , weakens the security all of us rely on and makes us more vulnerable to attackers worldwide . That 's the three : good , bad , very bad . Reorganizing the U.S. intelligence apparatus so it concentrates on our enemies requires breaking up the NSA along those functions . First , TAO and its targeted surveillance mission should be moved under the control of U.S. Cyber Command , and Cyber Command should be completely separated from the NSA . Actively attacking enemy networks is an offensive military operation , and should be part of an offensive military unit . Whatever rules of engagement Cyber Command operates under should apply equally to active operations such as sabotaging the Natanz nuclear enrichment facility in Iran and hacking a Belgian telephone company . If we 're going to attack the infrastructure of a foreign nation , let it be a clear military operation . Second , all surveillance of Americans should be moved to the FBI . The FBI is charged with counterterrorism in the United States , and it needs to play that role . Any operations focused against U.S. citizens need to be subject to U.S. law , and the FBI is the best place to apply that law . That the NSA can , in the view of many , do an end-run around congressional oversight , legal due process and domestic laws is an affront to our Constitution and a danger to our society . The NSA 's mission should be focused outside the United States -- for real , not just for show . And third , the remainder of the NSA needs to be rebalanced so COMSEC  communications security  has priority over SIGINT  signals intelligence  . Instead of working to deliberately weaken security for everyone , the NSA should work to improve security for everyone . Computer and network security is hard , and we need the NSA 's expertise to secure our social networks , business systems , computers , phones and critical infrastructure . Just recall the recent incidents of hacked accounts -- from Target to Kickstarter . What once seemed occasional now seems routine . Any NSA work to secure our networks and infrastructure can be done openly -- no secrecy required . This is a radical solution , but the NSA 's many harms require radical thinking . It 's not far off from what the President 's Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies , charged with evaluating the NSA 's current programs , recommended . Its 24th recommendation was to put the NSA and U.S. Cyber Command under different generals , and the 29th recommendation was to put encryption ahead of exploitation . I have no illusions that anything like this will happen anytime soon , but it might be the only way to tame the enormous beast that the NSA has become .	Director of national intelligence said U.S. should have acknowledged surveillance Bruce Schneier : NSA is too big and powerful ; it 's time to break up the agency He says all bulk surveillance of Americans should be moved to the FBI Schneier : Instead of working to weaken security , NSA should try to improve security for all
Washington  CNN  -- Depending on whom you ask , either Democratic efforts to force big-dollar donors out of the shadows are a smokescreen that hides union clout , or Republicans opposing the efforts are just blowing smoke in an attempt to ensure well-heeled donors stay anonymous . "  Right around an election , when the campaigns start rolling in the money , we 're going to hear about disclosure from whichever side is getting less , " said Lisa Rosenberg , a government affairs consultant who lobbies for financial transparency for the Sunlight Foundation . "  Whichever party is feeling beaten up is going to say , ` We need to fix it . ' " Keenly aware that Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has out-raised President Barack Obama in direct contributions for the past two months , Democrats twice brought a Senate bill to the floor aimed at unmasking wealthy , secret donors to outside groups -- the kind that have thrown their weight behind Republican candidates this election cycle . Nearly 700 independent political groups have poured more than $ 187 million into 2012 campaigns nationwide so far , according to FEC records compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics . More than $ 41 million of that has come from groups that disclose only a limited amount of information about their donors , or none at all . CNN Money : Top super PAC donors About $ 140 million of the total has been spent by conservative groups , with most of that laid out during the Republican presidential primary battles , according to the group , which runs the campaign-finance website OpenSecrets.org . It 's Democratic concerns about that kind of money that led to two votes this week on a bill called the Disclose Act , which would have required organizations that spend money on politics to name donors who give more than $ 10,000 . Republicans successfully filibustered the measure both times , with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell accusing Democrats of seeking to cow President Barack Obama 's opponents into submission by making activist groups name their high-dollar donors . "  Democrats can call this bill whatever they want , but they can not conceal its true intent , which is to encourage their allies and discourage their critics from exercising their first amendment right to speak their mind , " McConnell said . Republicans also complained that the measure gave an unfair break to labor unions , which typically contribute to Democrats . Unions have to disclose their expenditures , but individual members ' dues would most likely fall below the $ 10,000 threshold for disclosure . "  What is the final difference between one $ 10,000 check and 1,000 $ 10 checks ? , " asked Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , co-author of a bipartisan 2002 campaign finance law . "  Other than the impact on trees , very little . So why should one be free from having to disclose its origin ? " Senate Republicans block DISCLOSE Act for second straight day Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics , says the power of unions is "  incontrovertible . " But unions already disclose the amount they spend , and its source -- members ' dues -- is a known quantity , she said . "  What we do n't know is who is bankrolling these patriotic-sounding but vague and unfamiliar groups which are funded to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars by individuals , by corporations and trade associations , " she said . " ... We do n't have good enough and routine enough information about union spending to these outside groups , but we have no information from the other side . " Labor groups now have to report political expenditures of more than $ 5,000 , though they do n't have to disclose individual members whose dues are pooled to provide that money . Philadelphia labor lawyer Richard Poulson told CNN that 's not a break for the unions , just a reflection of the comparative wealth involved . Opinion : Why Democrats need labor unions "  The Republicans are essentially crying foul because individual union members are not wealthy enough , " said Poulson , whose firm of Willig , Williams and Davidson has represented several public - and private-sector unions . "  If we were to go back to square one , I do n't think anyone on labor 's side of the fence is particularly happy the floodgates have been opened with respect to political spending , " Poulson said . But he added , "  Workers are never going to have as much money as the bosses , and that 's just a fact . And you should n't punish workers for banding together to get some sort of a voice in the process . " Democrats say legislation is necessary to stanch the tide of money that has been pouring into American politics since the 2010 Supreme Court decision in the Citizen United case . That ruling struck down some long-standing limits on campaign spending by corporations , unions and other groups . A previous version passed the House of Representatives in 2010 , but also fell to a GOP filibuster . Reid : " ... there is nothing free about an election purchased by a handful of billionaires for their own self-interest . " "  Instead of standing up for the American people , Republicans stood with big banks and oil companiesâ $ " special interests that certainly do n't need more clout in Washington , " President Obama said Monday in a statement released after Republicans successfully blocked the Disclose Act . And Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said the $ 10,000 limit was added at the request of the National Rifle Association , the GOP-leaning gun-rights lobby . "  We thought that perhaps with the NRA having so much power on the Republicans , that we would raise that to $ 10,000 , which we were told would make them happy , " the Nevada Democrat said before Tuesday 's vote on the legislation . "  But it did n't make any difference to the Republicans . " A longtime foe of any campaign finance legislation , McConnell has argued that full disclosure of campaign donations is "  the best disinfectant , " as he told NBC in 1997 -- but he 's also qualified that call by saying it should be limited to groups directly involved in politics , not "  issue advocacy " groups like those unleashed by the court 's ruling in the Citizens United case . But the opposition had some high-profile opponents on the left as well . The American Civil Liberties Union opposed both the 2010 and 2012 versions , noting that some features it supported in the previous bill -- such as making corporations disclose their political spending to shareholders and requiring broadcaster to provide low-cost airtime -- were n't included this year . "  Measures intended to root out corruption should not interfere with freedom of expression by those wishing to make their voices heard , and disclosure requirements should not have a chilling effect on the exercise of rights of expression and association , especially in the case of controversial political groups , " several of the ACLU 's top lawyers wrote in March . And Maine Sen. Susan Collins , a moderate Republican who has supported earlier overhauls of campaign-finance law , dismissed the Disclose Act as an election-year stunt by Democrats . "  I have long believed that Americans have the right to know who is contributing to political campaigns , and I share the serious concerns of so many who believe that outside , third party groups , should not be allowed to raise and spend unlimited amounts of money without revealing the names of donors , " Collins said in a statement to CNN . "  That is why it is so frustrating that we find ourselves , once again , being asked to consider a partisan bill that would not fix the real problem . " Meanwhile , Obama and Romney have benefited from the deluge of campaign cash pouring in from the "  super PACs " spawned by the Citizens United decision . Pro-Obama super PAC raises $ 6.1 million in June The pro-Romney Restore Our Future Fund has raised more than $ 61 million , according to OpenSecrets and spent $ 53 million of that . The Obama-allied Priorities USA Action has raised nearly $ 15 million and spent about $ 10 million , while during the GOP primaries , the super PAC that backed former House Speaker Newt Gingrich 's failed campaign raised nearly $ 24 million and spent all but a few hundred thousand . Pro-Romney super PAC brings in $ 20 million in June All unions combined have put about $ 52 million into the 2012 elections so far , according to OpenSecrets . About $ 30 million of that has gone to Democrats , roughly $ 4 million to Republicans and the rest to independent groups . Rarely do big-dollar donors to either candidate rush forward to give their names and declare how much they 've contributed . "  Money is never going to run short in our political system , " the Sunlight Foundation 's Rosenberg said . "  Where it does run short is  what 's fair  for the average voter and the average citizen ... if you are a voter and you 're being bombarded with negative ads and you do n't know whose behind them . " Does big money spell big trouble in campaigns ? CNN 's Joe Johns and Ted Metzger contributed	Democrat and Republican leaders are battling over disclosing big-dollar donors The fight is fueled in part by a huge influx of cash by anonymous donors and unions Voters are the ultimate losers in this fight over transparency , some politicos say
Beleaguered New York mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner got into a war of words Wednesday with a man who lashed out at him for being "  married to an Arab , " in addition to chastising the former congressman about his well-documented sexting scandal . The incident began inside a bakery in Brooklyn 's Borough Park neighborhood , where the man yelled out to Weiner , who had just bought cookies and an iced coffee , "  You 're a real scumbag . " Weiner offered a quick retort , then said to no one in particular , "  Very nice , that 's a charming guy right there . " It 's then that the man , later identified as Saul Kessler , responded : "  Married to an Arab . " The comment is an apparent reference to Weiner 's wife , Huma Abedin , who works for Hillary Clinton . Abedin 's late father was an Islamic scholar from India and her mother , a sociologist , is from Pakistan . Weiner is Jewish , as were most of those inside the Brooklyn bakery . Huma Abedin emerges , stands by her husband The Democratic candidate responded with , "  Very nice , in front of children ... That is charming . " Kessler did n't stop talking , even as Weiner was leaving the bakery , saying , "  You are disgusting , disgusting . " "  It takes one to know one , jackass , " Weiner replied . The two then went face-to-face , with Kessler accusing Weiner -- who resigned in disgrace after 12 years in Congress representing part of New York City after admitting to sending sexually suggestive images and carrying on inappropriate relationships with women over the Internet -- of doing "  disgusting things , and you have the nerve to even walk around in public . " A visibly agitated Weiner responded , "  And you 're a perfect person ? You 're my judge ? What rabbi taught you that ? " At one point , Kessler implored Weiner to "  think about your wife , how could you take the person you 're most closest to ... and betray her ? " The mayoral hopeful then accused Kessler of acting like he is superior , even though he does n't "  have the moral authority to judge me . " Weiner : Hate media ? Love me The back-and-forth went on for about a minute longer before Weiner left the bakery . He seemed to quickly brush off the confrontation , saying , "  He has every right to  challenge me  . It 's America . " The Weiner campaign released a video of Wednesday 's exchange , a version of which also was captured by blogger Jacob Kornbluh . Talking with reporters later in the day , Weiner described what happened as "  just some enthusiastic exchange with a voter . " "  Look , you 're allowed to say stuff to me , " said Weiner , who , according to a Quinnipiac University poll released Tuesday , trails three other Democratic candidates ahead of next week 's primary . "  But if you 're going to say vile things about me and my family , you should expect that I 'm going to go back at you . "  Hecklers do n't get a chance to necessarily get the last word if they cross the line . " Reached by CNN later in the day , Kessler admitted calling out Weiner for being "  married to an Arab . " "  It 's just a certain feeling I have as a Jew , " said the 51-year-old real estate manager , explaining his remark . "  And my attitude is that -- not all Arabs -- but , in general , ... they want to kill every Jew . " Kessler said of a Jewish person marrying into such a family : "  It 's like a betrayal . " Kessler also said Weiner has bothered him for some time . Kessler called him a "  phony . " But Kessler said he should have acted differently . "  Given that I felt  a little bit of anger , I probably should n't have said it , " Kessler said about the Arab comment . "  I should n't have called him a scumbag . " "  But it was in the heat of the moment . " Is Huma Abedin blaming herself ?	Weiner says hecklers should expect he 'll go at them if they say "  vile things " New York mayoral candidate gets into a heated exchange in a Brooklyn bakery A man calls out Weiner , who is Jewish , for being "  married to an Arab " Man calls Weiner "  disgusting ; " the ex-congressman calls man a "  jackass "
CNN  -- Many parents do n't realize that the worst asthma day of the year actually occurs in September . Clinical studies have shown that greatest number of hospitalizations due to asthma peak 17 days after Labor Day , which in 2013 will be September 19 . Why ? As students return to school , there are a number of external factors , including respiratory allergens , viral infections and environmental irritants that can act together to create a "  perfect storm " of asthma triggers . To better understand the September phenomenon , we need to better characterize some of the underlying causes . Outdoor allergens may seem to be the most obvious trigger . Ragweed , one the largest contributors to upper respiratory symptoms in the United States , produces pollen most aggressively after mid-August . However , indoor allergens can be a much more serious issue for patients with asthma . Schools across the United States contain a number of potential respiratory allergens , including mold , dust mites , pet dander and , in some cases , cockroaches and mice . When children switch from a summertime outdoor environment to a climate-controlled indoor environment , overall daily exposure to these allergens can increase and severe symptoms can result . What 's in a pollen count anyway ? Additionally , even though "  flu season " is commonly known as a winter phenomenon , contagious viral infections are spread and shared as much , if not more , in September as they are in January . The school week is spent in an enclosed space with hundreds of other children  many of whom do not have sophisticated hygiene practices  , which can provide stress to any student 's immune system . Catching "  the common cold " can cause additional problems for a child with asthma . Many respiratory infections can lead to an increase in the frequency and severity of asthma symptoms . Indoor air particulates such as aerosols , chalk dust and other irritants , can also lead to an increase in asthma symptoms . While these irritants may not trigger a true IgE allergen response , they can cause rhinitis and other conditions that can exacerbate asthma . American kids have higher allergy risk For patients with allergic asthma , exposure to allergens , infections and irritants can make mid-September a very challenging time . In addition , the combination of virus and sensitization with high allergen exposure substantially increases the risk of hospital admission . So what can parents do to avoid these asthma triggers ? Good preparation includes education . During a back-to-school wellness check-up , it 's a good idea for parents to talk with their family clinician about both allergies and asthma if they suspect their child may be experiencing either condition . After understanding the history of the symptoms , the clinician may order an allergy blood test to determine if possible allergic triggers are contributing to the asthma and other allergy-like symptoms . If testing does identify allergic sensitization , a clinician can then advise parents on how to manage exposure to the allergens . The first step in any allergy treatment plan is to avoid exposure as much as possible . While it may be almost impossible to remove all dust mites from a school , reducing exposure to them at home is a much more manageable task . Allergen-proof pillowcase covers can dramatically reduce exposure to dust mites , and since allergy symptoms usually occur because of cumulative exposure , allergen avoidance at night may help a child feel better all day long . The same is true for mold and other allergens . It may be easier to control mold in the home environment  bathroom and/or bedroom  rather than the school environment . The key to effectively reducing a patient 's exposure to allergens is to know which triggers to specifically target . The "  September Asthma Epidemic " is coming , but with appropriate preparation and education , it can be managed . If you 're unsure about your child 's risk , speak with your doctor about his or her past history and consider testing . Together you and your family clinician can determine which triggers might affect your child and create a plan to better manage the epidemic . Air pollution killing more than 2 million annually	Asthma hospitalizations peak 17 days after Labor Day , studies show Outdoor and indoor allergens can work together to create "  perfect storm " for asthma Contagious viral infections can also play a role when kids go back to school
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A process that started months ago among White House lawyers to compile a list of possible Supreme Court picks has accelerated with word Justice David Souter plans to step down from the bench in June . Ruth Bader Ginsburg is the only female high court justice . Women likely will be high on the Souter successor list . The nominee would give President Obama an immediate opportunity to place his stamp on the nation 's highest court , and perhaps to begin cementing his legacy with a lifetime appointment to that bench . Obama on Friday said he will seek "  somebody with a sharp , independent mind and a record of excellence and integrity . " That person must honor traditions , respect the judicial process and share Obama 's grasp of constitutional values , he said . The president said he intends to consult with people in both political parties as he makes his choice to replace Souter . Legal sources say Obama 's legal team will begin refocusing what had been an aggressive effort to fill federal vacancies on lower federal court seats . Now their attention will be directed into a search for Souter 's replacement . Administration officials have been working closely with key senators and Democratic legal advisers on possible choices . "  The -LSB- Obama -RSB- White House and the Justice Department certainly have people there already thinking about the issues , compiling lists , starting to vet the backgrounds of those candidates , " said Edward Lazarus , a Supreme Court legal expert and a legal adviser during the Obama transition . A mix of federal judges and political allies are among the names the administration is said to be informally considering , said legal and political sources . Among them are federal appeals court judges Sonia Sotomayor , 55 , of New York ; Diane Wood , 59 , of Chicago ; and Solicitor General Elena Kagan . Those sources say women candidates will be at or near the top of the list of finalists . "  The president has long recognized the need for more gender diversity on the high court , " said one source who asked not to be identified . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , 76 , is the only woman on the high court . Sotomayor is near the top of the list of many sources consulted by CNN . She is a Hispanic-American named a federal trial judge by President Bush in 1992 and elevated to her seat in 1996 . Her supporters call her a moderate who would enjoy bipartisan support in the Senate . But conservative legal blogs in recent weeks have been sharply questioning her judicial philosophy , perhaps anticipating a high court vacancy . Fights over judicial nominees have grown increasingly partisan and nasty in recent years , sparked by the confirmation fights over Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas for the Supreme Court . Bork was rejected by lawmakers , while Thomas sits on the high court . Many of President George W. Bush 's judicial choices were blocked by Democratic senators , and his two Supreme Court picks were the subject of massive ad campaigns launched by advocacy groups on both sides of the political debate . Conservatives have vowed to give Obama the same treatment over his choices . Most of Bush 's lower court choices were not named until August 2001 , seven months into his first term . The political and practical stakes are high . Sources have said privately the president is not interested in choosing "  extreme " liberals to the bench , an idea echoed by some legal analysts . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider examine Obama 's options " "  I do n't expect to see President Obama naming some real firebrands , the kind that might be real lightning-rods for controversial confirmation hearings , " said Lazarus . Conservatives "  are assuming that in his heart of hearts , Obama is an activist , old-fashioned , liberal firebrand on judicial issues , and , at least if one goes by what President Obama has written on the subject , he 's not . " Obama , a Harvard Law School graduate , has taught constitutional law in Chicago . Republicans have warned the White House not to shut them out of the overall judicial selection process . In a March 2 letter , 41 GOP senators urged Obama "  to consult with us as it considers possible nominations to the federal courts from our states . " If not consulted , they said , "  The Republican Conference will be unable to support moving forward on that nominee . " Watch CNN 's Dana Bash report on how Republicans might respond " Translation , say liberal groups : filibusters and obstructionist tactics . "  Republican senators fought hard against some of President Clinton 's candidates , " said Nan Aron , who heads the the Alliance for Justice . "  I think we saw it during Eric Holder 's hearing -LSB- for attorney general -RSB- . Republican senators were testing out messages , not designed to deny confirmation to Eric Holder but to test them to see whether those tactics would work with some of Obama 's judicial nominees , " Aron said . "  That 's going to happen . There 's no question about it . " The fight over Souter 's seat could be just the opening act to perhaps two more high court vacancies under Obama . Bush burnished his conservative credentials by naming Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito to the high court , and helped increase the overall conservative bent of most federal courts . Republicans have controlled the White House -- and thereby court nominations -- in 28 of the last 40 years . Seven of the nine high court members were named by GOP presidents . Obama has said Justices Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg -- liberals named by President Clinton -- are his kind of judges , but Obama has spoken only in general terms about the type of person he would nominate . "  I will look for those judges who have an outstanding judicial record , who have the intellect , and who hopefully have a sense of what real-world folks are going through , " he said at the October 15 presidential debate .	President Obama has chance to place his stamp on the Supreme Court Sources : Women candidates to be at or near the top of the list Republicans hint at confirmation confrontation if they are ignored Seven of the nine high court members were named by GOP presidents
London , England  CNN  -- The group poised to launch a takeover bid for English Premier League side Manchester United has signaled its intent by appointing a major international bank to act as its financial adviser . The "  Red Knights " consortium , made up of wealthy businessmen , has employed Japanese investment bank Nomura to help with its $ 1 billion move for the club , currently owned by the American Glazer family . The Knights say Nomura will now work closely with the Manchester United Supporters ' Trust  MUST  and other potential investors to "  coordinate and formulate the proposal to be put to the Glazer family , " according to a statement . The bank 's team will be led by Guy Dawson and Andrew McNaught , both of whom advised Manchester United 's board when the club was sold to the Glazers in 2005 . Their first job will be to firm up offers of financial support pledged to the Red Knights ' cause , and help on any proposal that is eventually put to the club . The Glazers have been criticized for the levels of debt at the current English champions , with the latest accounts showing that United are more than $ 1 billion in the red . The owners recently launched a bond issue to raise $ 750 million to reduce the debt . They also own NFL side Tampa Bay Buccaneers . The Red Knights ' announcement comes just hours after the most vocal protest yet from Manchester United supporters against the Glazer family , during Wednesday 's European Champions League last 16 victory over AC Milan . Fans unveiled banners that read : "  Love United Hate Glazer . " The green and gold scarves that have become a symbol of their disquiet were also prevalent at Old Trafford . The club 's chief executive , David Gill , told a football conference last week that the Glazers were not interested in selling the club . Nevertheless the Red Knights are pressing ahead . In a statement confirming the appointment of Nomura , the group said : "  The Red Knights are pleased to confirm that Nomura , the global investment bank , has agreed to advise on a possible acquisition of Manchester United . "  Nomura will work closely with the Red Knights , MUST and other potential investors to co-ordinate and formulate the proposal to be put to the Glazer family . "  Nomura is beginning its role by contacting the many expressions of financial support the Red Knights have received to date . "	Group eyeing takeover for Manchester United appoints leading bank as adviser Japanese bank Nomura will help "  Red Knights " consortium on bid Manchester United fans protested against current owners at last game United are currently $ 1 billion in debt , according to accounts
CNN  -- An airline passenger accused of slapping the toddler seated next to him on a Minneapolis-to-Atlanta flight in February pleaded guilty to assault Wednesday in federal court . Joe Rickey Hundley , 61 , will be sentenced on January 6 , according to his attorney , Marcia Shein . Hundley was seated next to Jessica Bennett and her 19-month-old son in row 28 when Delta Flight 721 began its descent into Atlanta . When the baby began to cry , Hundley allegedly told Bennett to "  shut that  N-word  baby up , " according to an FBI affidavit . "  He  then turned around and slapped  the child  in the face with an open hand , which caused  him  to scream even louder , " the affidavit continued . The boy suffered a scratch below his right eye . Shein said in a February statement that her client was in distress and grieving during the flight after learning the day before that his son was in a coma , after overdosing on insulin . Hundley was headed to Atlanta to decide whether or not to take his son off life support . He died the day after the flight . Shein said Hundley "  had paid a terrible price for his hurtful words but asks only that people understand that he was not doing well that night and spoke hurtful words he would have not otherwise have said . " Will the slap heard ` round the country have lasting effects ?	Joe Rickey Hundley pleaded guilty to assault in federal court , his attorney says He was accused of slapping a crying 19-month-old boy on a Minneapolis-to-Atlanta flight Hundley had learned the day before that his own son was in a coma , the court heard He is due to be sentenced on January 6 , his attorney says
Washington  CNN  -- OK , so Congress passed a bill , the President signed it into law and the government 's finally back in business . But with all the last-minute press conferencing , speechifying , and endless partisan tweeting , the one thing that was n't extensively discussed was the actual details of the bill . Since it evolved constantly and was pushed through at the 11th hour , things got a tad confusing . Here 's are the key points you need to know about the bill that saved the government : America can keep spending ... through January 15 This goes down as a ` win ' for President Barack Obama and the Democrats . Republicans tried to use the shutdown and the looming debt ceiling deadline to force spending cuts or even dismantle major parts of the Affordable Care Act , aka Obamacare . They got neither . 9 things we missed during the shutdown "  We fought the good fight , we just did n't win , " House Speaker John Boehner said on a local radio station . Now , there 's a little more time for both sides to hash out the bigger issues , like entitlement programs and tax reform . But Republicans have been badly bruised and are n't going to want to walk away empty-handed again . So , it 's safe to expect them to regroup , get on the same page , and take a hard line the next time around . There 's a little pork in the bill We run out of cash again ... on February 7 Mark your calendars , because we get to have this fight all over again in a few months . February 7 is the new date the Treasury Department will run out of ways to pay America 's bills . This legislation raised the debt ceiling just enough to fund the government for the next few months . The two chambers of Congress will now have to create a spending plan for the 2014 fiscal year . If negotiations break down , we may be in for another round of last-minute debt ceiling shenanigans . But what are the odds of that happening , right ? Show them the money ... for healthcare subsidies This was a win for Republicans , but they are n't exactly doing a group high five . Conservatives had been pushing for insurance marketplaces to confirm the income of those requesting health care subsidies since the Obama Administration scaled back the requirement months ago . It 's a pretty small bone to be thrown when you consider their starting point was an effort to totally defund Obamacare . But hey , a  small  win 's a  small  win . Furloughed workers WILL be getting back pay In an expected move , Congress agreed to pay back federal workers whose wages were withheld while the government was shut down . Remember the Capitol police officers , some of whom showed up to work out of a sense of duty and put their lives on the line when an erratic driver tore through the streets of DC ? They 'll finally get paid . Sylvia Burwell , director of the Office of Management and Budget , said furloughed workers should expect to return to work Thursday . Of course , in the midst of battling to keep the U.S. from defaulting , Congress took the time to load the 35-page deal with some choice pork spending . But that 's another story . 3 reasons not to celebrate the shutdown deal CNN 's Tom Cohen , Greg Botelho and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Current spending levels are authorized through January 15 We run out of money again on February 7 Income verification will be needed for Affordable Care Act subsidies Furloughed works will get back pay
CNN  -- On March 18 , a Congolese warlord known as Bosco "  the Terminator " Ntaganda surrendered to the U.S. Embassy in Rwanda . Notorious for his alleged butchering of communities , including a 2008 massacre in which 150 people were killed by machetes , clubs and bullets , Ntaganda will likely face trial at the International Criminal Court for war crimes seven years after his indictment . On a recent trip to eastern Congo , I met Patrick , a 25-year-old charcoal maker who had survived two attacks allegedly led by Ntaganda . Four months ago , working on a hot afternoon just south of the equator in Kibumba in eastern Congo , it seemed like a normal day for Patrick . A week before , his wife had given birth to a baby boy , Janvier . Then suddenly , Patrick heard a "  boom ! " And he ran home as quickly as he could . Patrick 's village had just been attacked by the M23 rebel group co-commanded by Ntaganda . For Patrick , it was the second time he had been displaced in four years by an armed group led by Ntaganda . Panting , he arrived back home , but his wife and newborn were nowhere to be found . "  Then I heard the bombs land , and I had to flee , " he told me in the displacement camp where he now struggles to survive on one meal per day . Months later , Patrick had still been unable to find his family in the camps , which now include more than 2 million people . "  My children used to crawl onto my lap , eat little candies I would buy them and make me laugh . Now I ca n't go far to look for them , as I 'm afraid I 'll be abducted by rebels . I 'm told my house has been burned down . It 's so tough for me . I do n't know where they are . ... " The Terminator 's surrender has sparked jubilation in eastern Congo after years of suffering under his ruthless rule , during which he also amassed millions of dollars through a conflict minerals smuggling ring . But will this single event create lasting change for the people of eastern Congo who have suffered under repeated cycles of conflict for 18 years ? The answer hangs on three policy choices that must be made in the coming weeks . First , will war criminals be integrated back into the Democratic Republic of Congo 's army ? The M23 rebel group that Ntaganda co-led is full of officers with extremely poor human rights records of mass murders , child soldier recruitment and sexual violence . Several of them are close to signing a peace deal to rejoin the Congolese army in talks brokered by one of the rebel group 's alleged backers , Uganda . Previous peace deals that integrated war criminals into Congo 's army , including Ntaganda , reignited conflict soon thereafter as the warlords again behaved lawlessly . To stop this , newly appointed U.N. envoy Mary Robinson should immediately insist that any reintegration deals should be only for rank-and-file troops , not commanders most responsible for atrocities . To support this , the International Criminal Court should investigate and indict the commanders of M23 leaders and other armed groups most responsible for war crimes and crimes against humanity , and the Congolese justice system should prosecute other mutineers . Second , will there be a peace process with strong international backing ? After years of failed peace agreements , there is finally a chance to address the underlying interests of Rwanda , Congo and Uganda that have fueled conflict in eastern Congo . This is possible now because of the strong new international pressure against external support to rebel groups , the removal of Ntaganda , the lowered profitability of the trade in conflict minerals and the International Monetary Fund 's pressure on Congo to enact governance reforms . Robinson should start negotiations that would subsume the Kampala talks , and the Obama administration should follow the U.N. lead in appointing a senior-level envoy to the peace process and ensure that regional economic integration and security issues are brought to the fore of the process . Third , will the international community vigorously support real governance reform in Congo ? The U.S. and U.N. envoys should proactively back a root-and-branch Congolese reform process to address critical issues that undergird the conflict , from decentralization to army reform . The process should include an impartially facilitated national dialogue that allows Congolese civil society , including women leaders , to have a real voice at the table . When asked this year what could be done to end the war , Patrick said , "  Please tell President Obama to arrest Bosco ,  M23 commander  Sultani Makenga and the ringleaders . If they 're not arrested , they 'll continue the war , and my life will always be on the run . " At least one of these warlords is now in custody , but there will be no end to the war until the international community robustly backs a lasting peace and reform process that includes accountability for the worst war criminals . It is time to give Patrick a chance to play with his children again and end this cyclical war once and for all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sasha Lezhnev .	Sasha Lezhnev notes a notorious Congolese warlord turned himself in Lezhnev says there may be positive news , but human tragedy persists in the region A 25-year-old charcoal maker is still searching for his wife and infant son Lezhnev : Now is a crucial time for world community to help make peace a reality
U.S. Apache helicopters struck ISIS targets in Iraq 's Anbar province over the weekend in an effort to push back ISIS forces advancing near Falluja , a senior U.S. defense official said . The Pentagon did not specify the precise targets when it issued a news release Sunday . Four "  strikes northeast of Falluja struck two mortar teams , a large ISIL unit and two small ISIL units , " the release said , using another acronym for ISIS . Fixed-wing aircraft also were part of the mission . But because Iraqi forces were close to ISIS forces , the Apaches were used because they fly low and can strike with precision , the official said . In Anbar , about 30 miles  48 kilometers  west of Baghdad , "  ISIS continues to make advances , " the official said . In Falluja , "  Iraqi security forces are struggling to retake territory . " The official described the area as "  very much contested with ISIS continuing to make gains . " The Apaches ' low altitude poses a risk of a surface-to-air attack against the U.S. helicopters . But with ISIS forces in such a populated area , that precision was needed , the official said . So far , the U.S. does n't see ISIS making a direct run for Baghdad , but there is concern that ISIS elements are in the city and around the airport , the official said . That has been the U.S. assessment for some time . Given ISIS advances , the official said , there will be more attacks against ISIS targets in Anbar , as well as in other contested areas such as along the Turkish border . There will probably be more strikes against mobile and fixed targets in the Kobani area , the official said . The United States is also still assessing whether it killed Muhsin al-Fadhli , 33 , the leader of the Khorasan Group , in the first night of strikes in Syria , the official said . While he has not surfaced publicly or on social media , the U.S. has still not seen sufficient corroborating intelligence , such as evidence of a funeral or martyrdom statements , to conclude that he is dead , the official said .	Four "  strikes northeast of Falluja " struck a mortar team and ISIS units , Pentagon says Official says copters were used because they 're precise and Iraqi forces were close Copters fly lower and are slower than jet fighters , so they 're more vulnerable to ground attacks Given ISIS advances , the official said , there will be more attacks against ISIS targets
CNN  -- U.S. Coast Guard and military rescuers Wednesday found nine boaters who had been lost at sea off the coast of Honduras . A U.S. Army UH-60 helicopter crew hoisted the survivors to safety , the Coast Guard said in a statement . At least two U.S. citizens were aboard the boat , which set out on what should have been an 18-mile journey Saturday but never arrived at its intended destination . Rescue crews searched more than 4,500 square miles , an area greater than the states of Delaware and Rhode Island combined , according to the Coast Guard . The boaters were found Wednesday morning about 55 miles northwest of their intended destination in Utila , Honduras , the Coast Guard said . The Coast Guard said the incident shows the importance of keeping safety equipment , such as emergency beacons that help rescuers find mariners in distress , onboard boats . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Amanda Watts and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	9 boaters who went missing on Saturday have been found A U.S. Army helicopter hoists survivors to safety At least 2 U.S. citizens were on the boat
CNN  -- Despite more earthquakes rocking Japan on Tuesday , the devastated country 's delayed baseball season was finally able to begin . Sendai-based Rakuten Eagles , unable to use their own stadium due to damage from last month 's initial quake , triumphed 6-4 away to Japan Series champions Lotte Marines in a game held during the day to conserve electricity . A quake centered in northeastern Chiba registered before the game , while another of magnitude 6.3 which hit Fukushima and Ibaraki Prefectures caused a short delay in the fourth innings , the Mainichi Times reported . The decisive moment came when Motohiro Shima hit a tie-breaking three-run home run in the seventh innings . "  For me , this game felt as if we were playing our first game in Sendai , " Eagles pitcher Hisashi Iwakuma said in quotes reported by the newspaper 's website as he celebrated his 30th birthday . "  We fought together as a team and were able to pull out victory . The cheers of the fans reached me . " Japan nuclear disaster tops scale In the opening match of the Central League competition , the Yokohama BayStars beat the Chunichi Dragons 5-4 . The president of Japan Professional Baseball Players ' Association said the teams hoped to lift morale in a country where 400,000 have been left homeless and more than 27,000 dead or missing . "  We 'll fight through the season with the feelings of disaster victims on our minds , " Hanshin Tigers infielder Takahiro Arai told AFP . "  We will play our hearts out in chasing the ball , that way we can encourage people affected by the disaster . " Japan 's top football competition , the J-League , has been suspended until April 23 . However , the country 's football association is rethinking its decision to pull out of July 's Copa America tournament in Argentina , where the "  Samurai Blue " had initially requested to play as one of two guest teams . "  The Japanese association for its part has not reached a final conclusion , " JFA vice-president Kozo Tashima told the Jiji Press news agency on Tuesday . "  We will reconsider whether we can send a national team by using our wisdom more than ever . " The JFA has until April 15 to make a final decision . "  We will take part on condition that we call up a certain number of overseas-based players in a way to minimize the impact on the J-League , " JFA technical director Hiromi Hara told Japanese media , AFP reported .	Japanese baseball season finally gets under way in Chiba , Greater Tokyo Rakuten Eagles beat Lotte Marines despite more quakes before and during game Some games being held during the day to conserve electricity in disaster-hit nation Japanese Football Association rethinking decision to pull out of Copa America
CNN  He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda , speaking against his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization that 's devoted blood and resources to attacking it . But not anymore . The White House announced Thursday that Adam Gadahn , 36 , was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation . Neither he nor Ahmed Farouq -- another U.S. citizen and al Qaeda operative who died in what the White House said was "  likely a separate " operation -- was specifically targeted , according to the statement . Warren Weinstein , a U.S. citizen who was abducted by al Qaeda in Pakistan in 2011 , died along with another hostage , Italian Giovanni Lo Porto , in the attack that killed Farouq , according to the White House . White House : U.S. hostage killed in strike on al Qaeda While he was n't one of al Qaeda 's top leaders , Gadahn was one of its most prominent members , given his many statements on behalf of the organization . Also known as Azzam the American , he was born in 1978 . His parents changed their name from Pearlman to Gadahn after their marriage . He grew up on a farm in rural California and at age 18 moved in with his paternal grandparents , who were Jewish . He converted to Islam in 1995 and left the United States for Pakistan three years later . His father said Gadahn last contacted the family in 2002 . A former al Qaeda member who later grew disillusioned with the group told CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank that he was tasked with greeting Gadahn at Peshawar airport in September 1998 . Gadahn , who 'd just just turned 20 , had taken flights from the United States to London , then on to Karachi and Peshawar . The former operative planned to take Gadahn to a pizzeria after he landed , before accompanying him by bus to al Qaeda 's encampments in Afghanistan . But Gadahn told him he 'd been longing for some Afghan food , so they went to an Afghan restaurant instead before setting out on the road . The former operative said that after Gadahn joined al Qaeda , he was known as Abu Suhayb . In the years after 9/11 , Gadahn rose through the ranks in the tribal areas of Pakistan , becoming its chief official English-language propagandist . He emerged in the mid-2000s on al Qaeda videos , including ones threatening attacks on Los Angeles and Melbourne , Australia . At first he was disguised . Sometimes he spoke in English , but in other videos he spoke in Arabic . He urged Muslims to target American , Western and Jewish interests with hopes of toppling the regime in Pakistan , according to SITE , a group that monitors terrorists and terror activity online . A federal grand jury in California indicted Gadahn in 2006 for treason and material support to al Qaeda , charges related to his alleged involvement in terrorist activities that included "  providing aid and comfort " and other services to al Qaeda , the FBI said . He was among the FBI 's "  Most Wanted Terrorists . " In 2007 , he appeared on another al Qaeda video in which he warned America to end its involvement in the affairs of predominantly Muslim countries . "  Your failure to heed our demands ... means that you and your people will ... experience things which will make you forget about the horrors of September 11 , Afghanistan and Iraq and Virginia Tech , " he said , the last reference being to the mass shooting at the Virginia university in 2007 . In separate videos over the years , he criticized President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama , whom he called "  a devious , evasive and serpentine American president with a Muslim name . " He also addressed his Jewish ancestry and tore up his U.S. passport on camera . Gadahn appeared in videos commemorating the 9/11 attacks , some which included al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri . He urged Muslims in the United States to stage their own lone-wolf attacks . "  America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms , " he said . "  You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle without a background check and most likely without having to show an identification card . So what are you waiting for ? " In other videos , he called Nidal Hasan , the Army officer sentenced to death in the 2009 shootings at Fort Hood , Texas , "  the ideal role model for every repentant Muslim in the armies of the unbelievers and apostate regimes , " and praised the 2012 killing of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens in Benghazi , Libya . His final video was posted online in September 2014 by al Qaeda media wing al Sahab . He called for Muslims to work to overthrow governments in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan . Cruickshank said Gadahn had begun to play an increasingly prominent institutional role inside al Qaeda . Among the documents recovered from Osama bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad after bin Laden 's death was a 2011 letter from Gadahn making recommendations for al Qaeda 's media strategy . Gadahn was married to a Muslim woman from Afghanistan and reportedly had at least one child . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	In his final known video , Adam Gadahn called for governments of Pakistan and Saudi Arabia to be overthrown He was raised in California and said he was of Jewish ancestry He converted to Islam in 1995 , left U.S. in 1998 and joined al Qaeda , becoming a spokesman
CNN  -- Whelp , this is the natural conclusion of the social media overshare/celebrity-obsessed age : The reality show "  I Slept With a Celebrity , " executive produced by Bravo 's Andy Cohen , is currently being shopped around to various networks , according to The Hollywood Reporter . "  Each weekly episode will feature two guests dishing about how their walk with fame led to a walk of shame , describing where they met , where they went and what they wore â $ " or did n't , " THR reports .  A rep did n't immediately respond to EW 's request for confirmation . EW : Lea Michele ` pleads the fifth ' when asked about Matthew Morrison on ` WWHL ' Cohen producing seems like an interesting choice ; his "  Watch What Happens Live ! " on Bravo is very goofy and celeb-friendly . It 'll be interesting to see if guests are as willing to continue being chummy with him if embarrassing stories come to light on "  I Slept With a Celebrity . " The project is in the early stages right now , so it remains to be seen if viewers ' gag reflex will keep eyeballs away , or if millions will secretly watch it in their homes with a car-crash-like inability to look away .  See also : Clicking on Kardashian wedding photos . Either way , there are more than a few actors in Hollywood right now who just got a sinking feeling in their stomachs ... See the original story at EW.com .	Show would feature guests dishing about sex with celebs Cohen hosts "  Watch What Happens Live ! " on Bravo The project is in its early stages
CNN  -- "  Hey , Joe ! " There was a time in American life that if you shouted those words on a busy street , or on a factory floor , you might see dozens of people turning expectantly toward you . Joes were everywhere . For much of U.S. history , Joseph was one of the top 10 names that families gave to their newborn sons . Today , Joe no longer even makes the top 20 . America is ever-changing , in any number of ways , and one of the most fascinating of them can be found in the names mothers and fathers give to their sons and daughters . The Social Security Administration , in addition to sending checks to older Americans , keeps track of the names of the youngest Americans : newborns . The agency does this for bookkeeping purposes : the babies will someday , during their working lives , be a source of revenue for the SSA , and later  assuming Social Security survives  will be recipients of retirement income . In the meantime , by compiling the names and their ranking in popularity  the list goes back to the birth year 1880  , the agency paints a perpetually in motion portrait of what we are called . Read more : Mohammed retakes top spot in English baby names And what we are called is no longer , in the main , what we were once called . This is probably a good thing -- it is an affirmation of the vitality of a nation moving always into the future . Yet some of the particulars would undoubtedly startle just about every Tom , Dick and Harry . Whose three names , as emblemized by that time-honored phrase , were , for much of the 20th century , on the tip of America 's tongue . But , according to the SSA 's most recent compilations , Thomas no longer makes the top 50 names for newborns . Dick  formally , Richard  has dropped out of the Hot 100 . Harry comes in all the way down at No. 709 . The evolution in names has been building in strength for quite a while ; it kicked into high gear in the 1970s , '80s and '90s when , according to SSA records , Tylers and Brandons , Brittanys and Kaylas , Ryans and Megans and Heathers and Jasons began to join and supplant the names that had for generations dominated the all-but-static lists . And by now the iconic names of the seemingly not-so-distant past appear destined to be iconic no more . John ? John of Johnny Carson , John of John Wayne , John of Johnny Unitas ? John of Johnny Depp  who was born in 1963 , when John was the No. 2-most popular name  ? John has fallen out of the top 25 . Maybe Johnny Football will help him come back . Goodnight , David , goodnight , Chet ? David , once a No. 1 champion , misses the top 15 ; Chester is not listed in the top 1,000 . Bob  formally , Robert  was a longtime  1924 to 1939  No. 1 , but today he fails to crack the top 50 . In the words of a great mid - '60s song by the Everly Brothers , he 's "  Gone , Gone , Gone . " Read more : Does your name shape your destiny ? As are the first names of Don and Phil Everly themselves , as far as current popularity goes . Donald comes in at No. 376 ; Philip -- or Phillip , with the extra "  l " -- is at No. 406 and/or 378 . So if those once-standard names have vanished from the top 10 , who , according to the SSA , are some of the guys who have replaced them in today 's top 10 ? Say hello to Mason . Meet Ethan . Hi there , Jayden . Nice to make your acquaintance , Aiden . And the change is even more dramatic for girls . Mary , the most popular female name ever , including an uninterrupted 66-year streak at No. 1 , from 1880 through 1946 ? Mary has dropped down to No. 112 . The pattern holds for many of the other female names that were , in the middle of the 20th century , utterly commonplace . Nancy is at No. 541 today . Deborah is at No. 808 . Patricia is at No. 667 . Barbara is at No. 764 . Sandy  as in Sandra  is at No. 614 . Carol ? No. 972 . And then there 's Donna . In the late 1950s she was No. 5 , as America danced to "  I had a girl , Donna was her name " and watched "  The Donna Reed Show " on television . Today Donna has fallen all the way out of the top 1,000 . To be replaced in the current top 10 by , among others , Olivia , Ava , Abigail , Madison , Mia and Chloe . Read more : Parents name child after Facebook ` Like ' button What accounts for the changes in names and tastes ? There are probably as many individual reasons as there are names themselves -- everything from shifts in ethnic patterns , to actors , actresses , athletes and singers who inspire new parents mulling over names , to people simply becoming tired of the sound of the old litany of names . Giving a child a name is perhaps the most personal decision a mother and father ever make . It is an act of absolute freedom . The government ca n't tell you what to name your child , your employers or extended family ca n't force your hand -- coming up with a name is a parent 's first and biggest choice . One to be celebrated -- as is the country 's constant impulse to evolve and start anew . There 's no logical reason to long for the days of John and Mary , of Nancy and Joe . That train has left the station . Guided by its pair of trusty engineers , Jacob and Sophia . Currently the No. 1 names for the youngest members of the American family . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : The Social Security Administration keeps track of evolving baby naming trends He says for decades , "  standard " American names held sway -- your Tom , Dick , Nancy . Not now Even names like Joe have moved way down the list . Starting In the '70s , names transformed Greene : Ethnic , cultural shifts probably reason . Now : Joe ? Say hi to Jayden . Mary ? Meet Sophia
Russia recalled its ambassador to NATO for consultations Thursday , two days after NATO member countries suspended cooperation with Russia over the Ukraine crisis , Russian state media reported . Col. Gen. Valery Yevnevich will return to Moscow in light of NATO 's actions , official news agency ITAR-Tass said , citing Russian Deputy Defence Minister Anatoly Antonov 's remarks to journalists . "  The policy of  deliberately  whipping up tensions is not our choice . Nonetheless , we see no possibility to continue military cooperation with NATO in a routine regime , " Antonov is quoted as saying . He accused NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen of making "  confrontational statements " at the meeting of NATO foreign ministers early this week and questioned NATO steps to bolster its presence in Eastern Europe . Earlier , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov also said Moscow wanted answers from NATO regarding activities in Eastern Europe after the Western military alliance said it would step up defenses for its eastern members . Russia 's move to annex the Crimea region from Ukraine last month has sparked the worst East-West crisis since the Cold War and raised fears among its Eastern European neighbors . At their meeting , NATO foreign ministers decided the alliance would draw up plans for reinforcing NATO 's defenses following Moscow 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region -- which the West deems illegal . These would possibly include measures such as sending NATO soldiers and equipment to allies in Eastern Europe , holding more exercises and ensuring NATO 's rapid-reaction force could deploy more quickly , a NATO official said . It could also include a possible review of NATO 's military plans . "  We have posed these questions to the North Atlantic Alliance . We are expecting not just any answer but an answer fully respectful of the rules we have coordinated , " Lavrov told a joint news briefing with his Kazakh counterpart . Responding to criticism from Kiev and the West over the presence of Russian troops along the border with Ukraine , Lavrov said Russia had the right to move forces on its territory and said they would return to their permanent bases after completing military exercises . "  Russian troops in the Rostov region will return to their bases after completing military exercises , " he said , referring to an area near the Ukrainian border . NATO 's military chief warned Wednesday that Russian troops could begin moving on Ukraine within 12 hours of being given an order . Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's supreme allied commander Europe , also said that with 40,000 troops massed near the border , Russia has all the components necessary to move on Ukraine . Report : Yanukovych implicated in killings In Ukraine , a newly released report said the killings of protesters in the Ukrainian capital during anti-government demonstrations in February took place under the order of ousted President Viktor Yanukovych . The preliminary report by the Ukrainian government implicated pro-Moscow Yanukovych in the covert planning of a series of sniper attacks in Kiev , backed by Russia , during the rallies that eventually led him to flee across the border . Presenting the findings at a news conference , Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said evidence showed Yanukovych had directly ordered snipers to open fire on protesters . Yanukovych , now in Russia , has denied personal responsibility for the bloodshed . Twelve members of the feared Berkut special security forces have been detained as part of the investigation , Prosecutor General Oleh Makhnytsky announced . The inquiry looked into the shootings on Instytutska Street in Kiev , where dozens were killed on February 18-20 . Around 100 people are now known to have died in Ukraine since the unrest began in November following Yanukovych 's last-minute U-turn over a deal with the European Union in favor of closer ties with Russia . The new government in Kiev has since signed the political part of the association agreement with the EU . The report also said Russian Federal Security Service operatives had been involved in planning operations against the protesters . Ukrainian Security Service chief Valentyn Nalyvaychenko said the Russian agency had sent "  tons " of explosives and weapons by plane to Ukraine . Moscow has claimed far-right protesters were behind the shootings in an effort to stir up anger against Yanukovych . Gas price hike Meanwhile , the head of Russia 's top natural gas producer , Gazprom , said it would further increase the gas price for Ukraine to $ 485 per 1,000 cubic meters as of April , ITAR-Tass quoted him as saying . Gazprom Chief Executive Alexei Miller said the price would increase during a meeting with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , who urged Ukraine to pay off its gas debts . The increase came two days after Gazprom announced a 44 % hike in the gas price for Ukraine , starting April 1 , to $ 385.50 per 1,000 cubic meters due to the unpaid bills . Ukraine also owes $ 2.2 billion in unpaid natural gas bills , Miller said during his meeting with Medvedev , according to a statement issued by the Prime Minister 's office . "  Hopefully , in the near future , Ukraine will start repaying its debts and will finance its ongoing supplies ; however , we see that the situation is not improving , and is only getting worse , " Miller is quoted as saying . Europe and the United States are working together to reduce Ukraine 's reliance on Russian energy by developing alternative sources of natural gas , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said this week . NASA to end most activities with Russia	Russia recalls its ambassador to NATO for consultations , report says Ukraine report implicates ousted President Viktor Yanukovych in sniper attacks on protesters Yanukovych , who 's in Russia , has denied personal responsibility for the bloodshed Russia says it wants answers from NATO on Eastern Europe plans
CNN  -- Wimbledon organizers have increased prize money for the men 's and women 's champions to # 1 million  $ 1.53 million  . The All England Club has sanctioned the # 150,000 rise to offset the effects of the falling value of the British pound against the US dollar and euro . The total prize money for the event will be # 13.725 million , an increase of # 1.175 million on 2009 . The All England Club agreed to pay women the same prize money as men for the first time in 2007 . The # 1 million prize for the 2010 ladies singles ' champion is more than double that of eight years ago . "  Wimbledon exists in a highly competitive global marketplace and it is the world 's best players who create and drive the interest , " said All England Club chairman Tim Phillips in a statement on the tournament Web site . "  It is important that we offer a level of prize money which is both appropriate to the prestige of the event and which gives the players full and fair reward . " Phillips also announced that this year 's tournament , which runs from June 21 to July 4 , will be a "  World Cup-free zone " , with football fans denied the chance to watch matches on the big screens at the All England Club . "  This is arguably the leading tennis tournament in the world and people come here to watch tennis , " Phillips added . "  If people want to watch the World Cup they should go to South Africa or watch it on the TV . " Meanwhile , world number three Rafael Nadal has pulled out of the Barcelona Open in order to rest an ongoing knee problem . Nadal , who won the Monte Carlo Masters on Sunday , had been expected to attempt to win his sixth title in a row at him home tournament . "  I am really sorry not to be able to play in Barcelona , more than any other tournament , but this year after the win in Monte Carlo my body is asking me to rest , " Nadal told his official Web site .	Wimbledon men and womens ' champions to receive # 1 million prize money . The figure is # 150,000 higher than last year 's total . Wimbledon championships to be a "  World Cup-free zone " Rafael Nadal pulls out of Barcelona Open to rest knee injury .
CNN  -- Nearly one-fifth of American 4-year-olds are obese , and children of color are at higher risk , according to new research . Obese children are at risk for early onset of diabetes , fatty liver and musculoskeletal problems . Researchers calculated the body mass index from a sample of 8,550 Hispanic , black , white , Asian and Native American 4-year-olds . The children were born in 2001 , and in 2005 , their height and weight were measured -- 18.4 percent of them were obese . "  Significant differences in the prevalence of obesity between racial/ethnic groups were evident at 4 years of age , " the researchers wrote in the April issue of the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine . Using body mass index , they found that 31.2 percent of American Indian/Native Alaskans , 22 percent of Hispanics , 20.8 percent of blacks , 15.9 percent of whites and 12.8 percent of Asians were obese . "  It 's surprising that there are large differences by racial/ethnic group by that age , " said Sarah Anderson , an assistant professor of epidemiology at The Ohio State University and lead study author . Anderson and co-author Robert Whitaker 's analysis showed that children were becoming obese even before encountering soda and candy vending machines in schools . "  These results really do point to the need for us to focus attention on early childhood and the need for research to understand how these differences can emerge so early , " Anderson said . "  To do that , we may need to understand the different family and cultural factors that are at play in these children 's lives . " The cause for the early health disparities is hard to pinpoint , childhood obesity experts said . "  It 's always possible there are biological factors within ethnic groups , " said Dr. Tom Robinson , director of the Center for Healthy Weight at the Stanford University School of Medicine . "  We know most of the changes that have occurred in body fat tend to occur from being in an environment that promotes very easy access to high-caloric foods and limited opportunities for physical activities . " Michael Rich , an associate professor of pediatrics at Harvard Medical School , called the disparities between ethnic groups disturbing . "  The expectations , lifestyle , behaviors are different on a cultural and socioeconomic basis , " he said . "  Kids who live in the inner city , whose neighborhoods are perceived as dangerous , stay at home more , sit more , eat more snacks , because that 's all they can get at the local bodega . There are no supermarkets to get produce . That 's what mom is eating , so that 's what kid is eating . What we 're dealing with here is whole life issues . " Previous research has shown that older children are becoming less active and spending more time in front of a computer or TV . "  That is displacing physical activity , " said Dr. Sarah Barlow , director of the Obesity Center at Texas Children 's Hospital in Houston . "  You can imagine strollers , less outdoor play -- all those kinds of things that have shifted how much activity younger kids are getting . At the same time , portion sizes are increasing for everybody . " According to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , adults fare no better . Approximately 45 percent of blacks , 36.8 percent of Mexican Americans and 30 percent of whites are obese . "  It 's a very bad sign if we see obesity at a young age , " Robinson said . "  When we see children obese at age 4 , we 're likely to see complications -- high blood pressure , abnormal lipids -- which can lead to heart disease and stroke , diabetes in children . " Diseases commonly seen in 40 - or 50-year-olds are presenting in 6 - and 7-year-olds . Obese children are developing type 2 diabetes , fatty liver disease and musculoskeletal problems , which occur because their bodies ca n't carry that much weight , doctors said . Calculate your child 's body mass index . "  The heavier you are as a child , the likelier that extra weight will follow you through life , " Robinson said . "  That 's why we see adolescents who need weight-loss surgery , because they have life-threatening complications from obesity . " If you have an obese child ... The first step is for the parents to acknowledge that the child is overweight , instead of making excuses or comparing him or her to heavier children . Many of the parents of obese children are overweight themselves , which makes that acknowledgment difficult , said Rich , who is also director of the Center on Media and Child Health at Children 's Hospital in Boston . "  While it 's important to focus on it and take it seriously , it 's also important not to give up or feel hopeless , " he said . "  Then you wo n't try . You want to look at it for what it is and not be defeated by it . " When you 're trying to help your child achieve a healthy weight , remove the stigma attached to obesity . "  It should always be about health , not about losing weight , " Rich said . "  You 're trying to build the positive . " He recommended the 5-2-1-0 plan . Eat at least five servings of fruits and vegetables , cut screen time down to two hours or less , exercise at least one hour , and have zero soda and sugary drinks . Such changes , which are not seismic shifts to lifestyles , can help the child get into a health weight . "  It 's easier to start that way , rather than try to change habits when they 're 8 or 12 or 16 , " said Barlow , an associate professor of pediatrics at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas . While it 's possible for some kids to outgrow the excess weight , she warned parents not to count on that . "  We 've seen over time that the environment does n't promote that , " she said .	Research : 18.4 percent of 4-year-olds in the United States are obese . Native Americans , Hispanics , blacks at most risk ; whites and Asians at lowest risk Socioeconomic and lifestyle factors play a role in likelihood for obesity
CNN  -- A crew member on a U.S.-flagged cargo ship captured by pirates off the coast of Somalia is suing his employers , claiming they sent him into pirate-infested waters without adequate protection , his attorney said Monday . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse has been charged with piracy in federal court in New York . Richard Hicks of Royal Palm Beach , Florida , a crew member on the Maersk Alabama , filed suit Monday against Waterman Steamship Corp. and Maersk Line Limited , according to the attorney , Terry Bryant . A spokeswoman for Mobile , Alabama-based Waterman Steamship Corp. said she did not know about the suit and did not immediately comment . A spokeswoman for Maersk Line Limited did not immediately return a call from CNN seeking comment . The Maersk Alabama was hijacked by pirates April 8 . Hicks , working as chief steward and preparing food for other crew members , heard over the loudspeaker that pirates were on board , and he and other crew members gathered in the ship 's engine room for nearly 12 hours , according to a news release from Bryant . "  The engine room was dark and hot , maybe 130 degrees , " Hicks said in the news release . "  We were all cramping up with heat stroke symptoms when we were able to take a pirate hostage and tried to negotiate the return of our captain . " The pirates promised to exchange Capt. Richard Phillips for the pirate hostage , but reneged on that agreement , the news release . Phillips offered himself as a hostage in exchange for the freedom of his crew . He was held on a lifeboat until U.S. Navy snipers on a nearby ship fatally shot three pirates , rescued Phillips and arrested a fourth pirate . The ship 's owners -- the two companies -- knowingly exposed their employees to danger and took no steps to provide appropriate security and safety for the crew , Bryant alleges . "  Waterman Steamship Corp. and Maersk Line Limited chose to rely on the United States military and taxpayers to provide after-the-fact rescue operations , " Bryant said in the news release . "  This choice caused substantially more cost and risk to human life than what would have been incurred by defendants had they provided appropriate levels of security in the first place . " Hicks is seeking at least $ 75,000 , and "  reserves the right to amend this pleading for a certain amount in the future , as it is too early to determine the maximum amount of plaintiff 's damages , " according to the suit . Hicks is still suffering from injuries as a result of the incident and is afraid to return to work , the news release said .	Suit alleges crew sent into pirate-infested waters without protection Representatives of ship 's owners have yet to comment Maersk Alabama was hijacked by pirates April 8 Plaintiff Richard Hicks , of Royal Palm Beach , Florida , was the ship 's steward
CNN  -- Basketball commentator and former hoops star Charles Barkley was arrested Wednesday in Scottsdale , Arizona , on suspicion of drunken driving , a police spokesman said . Charles Barkley was driving an Infiniti SUV through a trendy area of Scottsdale on Wednesday , police say . Barkley issued a brief statement , saying , "  I am disappointed that I put myself in that situation . The Scottsdale police were fantastic . I will not comment any further as it is a legal matter . " Lt. Eric Shuhandler of the Gilbert Police Department said an officer pulled Barkley over after he ran a stop sign in Scottsdale 's Old Town area , a trendy spot known for its nightclubs and bars . Gilbert and Scottsdale are in the Phoenix metro area . "  The officer identified the driver of the 2005 Infiniti as Charles Barkley , " according to a written statement from police . "  Mr. Barkley was administered the standard field sobriety tests after the odor of intoxicating liquor was detected . " Watch : Barkley ` disappointed ' by arrest " At a news conference later in the day , Shuhandler said Barkley 's "  performance on the field sobriety test revealed there was probable cause to make an arrest . " Barkley declined to take a breath test to measure his blood-alcohol level , Shuhandler said earlier . "  When he arrived at the station , police administered a blood test , which is customary of our police department to do , " he said , adding that Barkley consented to the blood test . It will take "  a few days " for the crime lab to test the blood sample and determine Barkley 's blood-alcohol level , Shuhandler said . The former NBA power forward was cited for driving while impaired and released . "  It was a pretty routine arrest , " Shuhandler said . Barkley 's sport-utility vehicle was impounded under mandatory vehicle impound laws , police said . Shuhandler said Barkley behaved professionally during the booking and was "  very respectful and cordial with our officers . " Watch Shuhandler describe the arrest " Barkley , 45 , is a commentator for TNT 's coverage of the NBA . In October , he told CNN 's Campbell Brown that he plans to run for governor of his home state of Alabama in 2014 , saying , "  I ca n't screw up Alabama . We are number 48 in everything and Arkansas and Mississippi are n't going anywhere . " Although he is well known for entertaining comments and a cocky attitude , he also compiled an impressive résumé as a professional basketball player . A Hall of Famer and 11-time All-Star , Barkley is one of four players in history to rack up more than 20,000 points , 10,000 rebounds and 4,000 assists in a career . He also earned the NBA 's most valuable player designation in 1993 and brought home gold medals with the U.S. Olympic basketball team in 1992 and 1996 . His commanding performance on the court earned him the nicknames "  Sir Charles " and the "  Round Mound of Rebound . " Barkley was drafted out of Auburn University in 1984 by the Philadelphia 76ers and played 16 seasons with the Sixers , Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets before he was permanently sidelined in 1999 with a ruptured tendon in his left knee . TNT is owned by Turner Broadcasting Corp. , also the parent company of CNN . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Barkley says he 's disappointed in himself , police were "  fantastic " Police : Sobriety test "  revealed there was probable cause to make an arrest " Outspoken commentator took field , blood tests , but not breath test , police say NBA Hall of Famer , Olympic gold medalist known for entertaining remarks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House released the text Monday of a controversial back-to-school speech to students from President Obama . The uproar over President Obama 's back-to-school speech led the White House to release the transcript Monday . Many conservatives have expressed a fear that the address would be used to push a partisan political agenda . In the text of the speech , however , Obama avoids any mention of controversial political initiatives . He repeatedly urges students to work hard and stay in school . "  No matter what you want to do with your life , I guarantee that you 'll need an education to do it , " he says . "  This is n't just important for your own life and your own future . What you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country . " The text of the 18-minute speech was posted on the White House Web site so people can read it before its scheduled Internet broadcast to schoolchildren Tuesday . Read text of Obama 's speech to students  pdf Some of the president 's critics have been adamantly opposed to the idea of an address by Obama to children . "  The president 's speeches tend to be -LSB- about -RSB- what 's wrong with the country and what can we do to fix it , " said Bill Hogsett , a parent from Dallas , Texas . "  I believe this is the greatest country on Earth , and I try to teach that to my children . ... I do n't want them hearing that there 's a fundamental flaw with the country and the kids need to go forward to fix it . " Hogsett , who spoke Monday shortly before Obama 's remarks were released , said he wanted to read the speech before making a final judgment . Amy Veasley , another parent from the Dallas area , said she was surprised by the controversy . "  The president of our country wants to call our students to action . I 'm not sure why parents would n't want their students to hear out the leader of our country , " she said . A Baltimore , Maryland , teacher who asked not to be identified bemoaned the fact that the country has "  become so polarized that we believe that our president is an enemy and not our leader . " During Bush 's presidency , she said , "  whether I disagreed or not , I still saw him as a leader . " On Sunday , Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said that parents who are threatening to keep their children home Tuesday to avoid Obama 's speech were being "  silly . " Appearing on the CBS program "  Face the Nation , " Duncan emphasized that it is up to school officials whether to include the speech in the day 's activities and that the message of the speech is simply to encourage children to finish school . "  That 's just silly , " he said of anyone planning to have their kids stay home because of the speech . "  They can go to school . They can not watch . " The speech is about "  the president challenging young people , " Duncan asserted . Some school administrators have decided to show the president 's speech , but others will not . Watch CNN 's Ed Henry talk about school speech uproar " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a possible contender for the GOP 's 2012 presidential nomination , said Sunday that Obama 's speech would disrupt an already-hectic first day of school for many students . "  I think there 's concerns about the disruption , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " calling the scheduling of the speech a "  little ham-fisted " by the White House . Watch school reject Obama 's speech on education " "  There -LSB- are -RSB- also concerns about is this going to be done in an appropriate manner . I trust and hope that the White House will have a content that is not political and they 're not using the public school infrastructure for that purpose . " Duncan , however , noted Obama 's speech is not unprecedented . President George H.W. Bush delivered a nationally televised speech to students from a Washington school in fall 1991 , encouraging them to say no to drugs and work hard . Read text of Bush 's speech to students  pdf In November 1988 , President Reagan delivered more politically charged remarks that were made available to students nationwide . Among other things , Reagan called taxes "  such a penalty on people that there 's no incentive for them to prosper ... because they have to give so much to the government . " Read text of Reagan 's speech to students  pdf Some of the controversy over Obama 's speech involved a proposed lesson plan created by the Education Department to accompany the address . An initial version of the plan recommended that students draft letters to themselves discussing "  what they can do to help the president . " The letters "  would be collected and redistributed at an appropriate later date by the teacher to make students accountable to their goals , " the plan stated . After pressure from conservatives , the White House distributed a revised version encouraging students to write letters about how they can "  achieve their short-term and long-term education goals . " Duncan said Sunday that the passage was poorly worded . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told "  Fox News Sunday " that Obama 's speech is a good idea if the message is a positive one about completing school . "  It is good to have the president of the United States say to young people across America , ` Stay in school , study , and do your homework , ' " Gingrich said . Florida Republican Party Chairman Jim Greer last week accused Obama of trying to "  indoctrinate America 's children to his socialist agenda . " "  Now that the White House got their hand in the cookie jar caught , they changed everything , " he said Monday . After reading the text , he said , "  My kids will be watching the president 's speech , as I hope all kids will . " CNN 's Lauren Kornreich and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this story .	Speech posted on Web site Monday for parents , pundits to view Obama says , "  No matter what you want to do ... you 'll need an education " Secretary of Education Arne Duncan : "  Silly " of parents to keep kids out of school Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty : Speech could cause first-day "  disruption "
Paris  CNN  -- This is a country which says races do n't exist : there is only the human race , to which we all belong . This is a country which , unlike the U.S. and Britain , has purposefully limited freedom of speech in order to criminalize verbal violence and incitement to hatred in all its forms . But this is also a country where the black justice minister Christiane Taubira is welcomed by a child with the words "  Hey , guenon -LSB- monkey -RSB- , go and eat bananas ! " The 12-year-old girl who uttered those words in the town of Angers on October 25 had come with her parents to protest against the same-sex marriage law of which the minister has become a symbol . In the crowd of protesters were a dozen children shouting the word guenon ; their parents looked pleased , proud even . And we thought , naively , and rather condescendingly , that this sort of racist abuse could only be found in a country like Italy , ethnically less diverse than France . We all remembered Italy 's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi repeatedly describing U.S. President Barack Obama as "  really much tanned " . We all remembered , earlier this year , Congo-born Cecile Kyenge , Italy 's first ever black minister , having bananas thrown at her . Italian senator Roberto Calderoli even referred to her as "  having the features of an orangutan . " We thought such coarse xenophobia could not take place here . No , surely not in France ! How wrong we were . It actually took many of us by surprise . The fact that parents asked their children to hurl racist abuse at a government minister added to the sense of shock . As explained in a timelime in French weekly L'Express ' , it actually took days for the French political class to react to the racist insults endured by Taubira . Why such dithering ? Some were embarrassed ; others feared they might exacerbate the current tension in France if they made too big a fuss . The same sex marriage legal battle which raged on last year seems to have reopened a box we thought long shut : France has witnessed the resurgence of a far-right alliance between traditionalist Catholics and ultra-conservatives who suddenly see themselves as the new revolutionaries . At night , they dream of insurrection . It has sometimes felt like being thrown back in time , to the 1930s . On November 13 , however , Minute , an extreme-right publication which ran the monkey analogy on its front page , was formally investigated for racism , and Interior Minister Manuel Valls said he was looking at blocking the distribution of the magazine . "  We can not let this pass , " he said . "  This is not just Christiane Taubira who has been attacked for her color . It is the Republic , it is France and its values that are under attack . " For the Paris-based Moroccan poet and writer Tahar Ben Jelloun , in an open letter called "  Racism , the ultimate temptation " and published in the Italian daily La Repubblica on November 15 : "  Everywhere in Europe , we see the resurgence of racism . It may only be words but it could end with the gas chambers . " According to Jelloun , France is no more racist than its neighbors but the real problem is that , today , racism finds an ideal breeding ground on social networks where anonymity unleashes unrestrained violence . In a famous recent case , the French justice system , often harsher on verbal violence than many other countries , has tried to stop Twitter from serving as a platform for all kinds of xenophobic abuses presented as "  jokes . " In October 2012 , racist hashtags in French such as #IfMyDaughterComesHomeWithABlack or #AGoodJew unleashed the worse examples of unrestrained racism . In France , racial insults in public are punishable by up to six months in jail and fines of up to â ‚ ¬ 25,000 ; French justice was determined to sanction the xenophobic twitterati . At first , Twitter told the French justice it could not reveal its users ' identities and would only obey the laws of California where it was based . But French judges argued -- successfully -- that the targeted public and the racist perpetrators were French-speakers operating from France . Twitter eventually complied to reveal the identity of those who had generated racist tweets so they could be prosecuted in France : A victory . French judges should now turn their attention to the French parents who teach their children to shout racist insults at a government minister born in French Guyana . Punitive sentences would be welcome . As would the end of anonymity on social networks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	France 's justice minister Christine Taubira the target of racist taunts and abuse In one incident Taubira was insulted by a 12-year-old girl as her parents looked on Journalist Agnes Poirier says most French people considered France above such attacks Poirier : Parents who teach children to shout racist insults must be punished
In five years on YouTube , Francesca Ramsey says , only one of the nearly 200 videos she 's posted has been explicitly about race . Yet when the actress , comedian and video blogger hosted a meet-up with fans here at the South by Southwest Interactive festival , only three out of about 150 of them were white . Of course that one video , "  S ** t White Girls Say ... to Black Girls , " has accounted for nearly 10 million of the roughly 18 million views her videos have gotten , combined . "  It 's a double-edged sword , " said Ramsey . "  It 's opened a lot of doors for me , but I know that because of that video , there are some people who are never going to watch my videos and are never going to give me a chance and see that I 'm so much more than that video . " Ramsey spoke Sunday on a panel addressing racism and race issues on YouTube , the Web 's No. 1 video site . Viewing of online video has surged , with YouTube attracting 800 million unique visitors a year . In 2011 , the site saw a mind-boggling 1 trillion-plus views . But among the content creators posting to YouTube who are ethnic minorities , race remains a troubling issue . Drawing a large fan base is a challenge , and commenters on YouTube videos can be vicious . Of the top 100 most popular YouTube channels that are n't industry-sponsored , there is one black creator , four Asians and one of Middle Eastern descent , according to Web researcher Jenny Unghba Korn . Expanding that to the top 200 adds two more African-Americans , two Asians and one user from India . "  Everyone gets hate comments on YouTube , " said Andre Meadows , the creator of the Black Nerd Comedy channel . "  You can make the most wonderful video in the world and you will get ` Fake ! ' and ` Gay ! ' " But for minority creators , "  when you get comments , it seems to be targeted toward race almost immediately . A lot of people get ` dumb video , stupid video ' -- but with mine it immediately goes to racial slurs . " YouTube has the reputation of hosting some of the nastiest comments on the Web . YouTube says it 's mindful of its users ' concerns , and works to help them manage , or remove , hateful comments on videos . "  YouTube 's guidelines against hate speech and harassment apply to comments as well as videos , " a YouTube spokesperson told CNN . "  We encourage people to flag inappropriate comments using the Help & Safety Tool so that we can remove anything that breaks the rules . We also give video owners tools for managing comments on their channels -- they can moderate comments , remove individual comments , or disable commenting completely . " But Korn , a researcher who focuses on cultural issues online , said the site is not unique . "  YouTube in and of itself is n't some special device , " she said . "  It 's actually a reflection of the culture that we 're in right now . There 's a reason that folks feel empowered to say things online that they would not say in person . In person , you almost want to dare them to say something like that , because they would n't get away with it . " Ramsey thinks the nature of YouTube just makes the hate easier . "  On Facebook , you have to like my page , " she said . "  On Twitter , I get a lot of negativity , but usually it 's only if I 'm talking about top trending topics and people are just trolling those . "  YouTube  is such a visual medium . If I have a blog , you do n't need to know what race I am . If you watch my videos , you know I 'm a black woman . " Ramsey and Meadows both said their initial reaction was to respond to haters . "  I have a bad habit that sometimes I do fire back , " Meadows said . "  I 'm a jokester . Someone will misspell something and it 's like I can not not say something . " But ultimately , they both said that instead of trying to fight racist comments , they now just ignore them . Ramsey says she 's created an e-mail filter that sends any message with racial slurs directly to trash . Meadows called the "  block " button "  the most amazing button " on YouTube . Is there a solution other than just hiding from the hate ? Both say nurturing your own community of fans helps . "  If someone comes in with that kind of craziness , my audience will go after them , " Meadows said . "  They police my comment section for me . " Ramsey has begun posting the nastiest racial comments she gets on her Facebook page . "  We laugh at them , " she said . "  We laugh at the bad spelling . We laugh at how stupid it is . " Along those lines , she 's resolved to ignore the trolls and , instead , respond more to comments from her loyal followers . "  My New Year 's resolution was not to feed the trolls , " she said . "  For every time you respond , you 're taking time away from the fans who love you . How bad does it make my fans feel that I did n't take the time to talk to them , but I took the time to talk to this awful person ? "	Among YouTube content creators who are minorities , race remains a troubling issue Commenters on YouTube videos can be vicious with racist comments A panel addressing racial issues on YouTube was held Sunday at South by Southwest
REAL SIMPLE  -- Whether you 're hosting a formal party or just throwing together snacks for drinks with friends , we 've got ideas for transforming carryout into crowd-pleasing cuisine . Everyone will assume your sink is stacked with dirty pots and pans .  And if you keep them out of the kitchen , they 'll never know the truth . Tiny-size pizzas Start with : A large cheese pizza .  Ask for it unsliced and , if possible , slightly underbaked . To make : Avoiding the crust , cut out mini pizzas with round cookie or biscuit cutters . Heat the rounds at 400º Fahrenheit for about 5 minutes . Top with slices of olives , marinated mushrooms , chopped prosciutto , an anchovy fillet , or fresh herbs  such as basil , flat-leaf parsley , rosemary , thyme , or oregano  . Mediterranean bruschetta Start with : Garlic bread from your favorite Italian spot . To make : Slather slices with prepared marinara or pesto sauce . Top with goat cheese or mozzarella , a marinated pepper , or an oil-packed sun-dried tomato , then toast in the oven . Also try : Hummus po ' boys . Spread hot garlic bread with hummus and top with coleslaw or lettuce and tomato . Cap with more hot , crunchy bread . Real Simple : How to know when food is cooked just right Chicken - or shrimp-boat hors d'oeuvres Start with : Your favorite chicken or shrimp Chinese stir-fry . To make : Mound spoonfuls of stir-fry into the cuplike center leaves from a head of Boston lettuce . If desired , top the boats with chopped nuts or scallion slices . Also try : Asian-Mexican fusion . Roll the dish with rice and some soy sauce in a giant tortilla . Slice into single-serving pieces . Chicken pasta with blue cheese and walnuts Start with : A golden-brown rotisserie chicken . To make : Toss thin slices of chicken with hot pasta , crumbled blue cheese , and chopped walnuts . Also try : Quick chicken salad . Stir Dijon mustard , mayo , and chopped onion and herbs into shredded chicken meat . Season with salt and pepper and spoon onto whole-grain bread for sandwiches . Real Simple : Pasta glossary Antipasto platter Start with : Assorted salad-bar treats . To make : Arrange Swiss and cheddar cheese cubes , prosciutto and salami slices , marinated vegetables  artichoke hearts , red peppers , mushrooms  , mixed olives , and giant capers on a platter . Also try : Salad bar as personal sous-chef . Make it your source for julienned vegetables , grated cheese , and bite-size meats . Roasted duck , watercress , and brown rice salad Start with : Half a Chinese Peking duck  1 order  . To make : Shred the meat and toss it with take-out brown rice and a splash of dumpling dipping sauce  most restaurants will add it to your order at no charge  . Top with chopped watercress and scallions . Also try : Duck crostini . Finely chop the meat and toss it with minced herbs , chopped onion , olive oil , and balsamic vinegar . Pile the mixture on tiny toasts . Real Simple : Easy fixes for 8 common kitchen mishaps Spareribs , minimalist style Start with : A few orders of Chinese take-out ribs . To make : Simply separate the spareribs , heat , and serve on simple white plates . Also try : Spareribs with crunch . The glaze on Chinese-style ribs provides the perfect glue for a crunchy coating . Separate the ribs and roll them in chopped peanuts or toasted sesame seeds . Serve hot on a scoop of fried or steamed rice . Trimmings Start with : A bucket of chicken , some biscuits , mashed potatoes , and gravy -- all from your local KFC . To make : Heat the chicken and biscuits in a 350º F oven for 10 minutes , then place in napkin-lined baskets . Put the potatoes and gravy  request it on the side  in your best bowls . Also try : Chicken dippers . Serve slices of fried chicken with homemade sauce -- yogurt or sour cream with honey mustard stirred in to taste . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	You can feed great food to guests by fiddling with takeout Use cookie cutter to cut bite-size pizzas out of large uncut pizza Slice a rotisserie chicken and toss with blue cheese and walnuts Spoon shrimp stir-fry into Boston lettuce leaves , top with chopped nuts
CNN  -- Two of Turkey 's main political parties are pushing for a constitutional amendment to lift bans on headscarves at public universities , a move that has caused concern among Turkey 's secular population . The lifting of the ban on headscarves has caused concern among Turkey 's secular population . Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan initiated the move , saying it would create equality in Turkey 's higher education . The constitutional commission will discuss the proposal -- submitted by the AKP and MHP parties -- in the coming days before sending it to the floor for a vote . If approved , it would need President Abdullah Gul 's approval , which is expected . Under the proposal , veils , burqas or chaddors -- all of which cover a woman 's face -- would not be allowed . Bans on headcoverings were imposed in the early 1980s by Turkey 's universities because they were seen as political symbols and conflicted with Turkey 's secular governing system . The proposal to change Turkey 's constitution sent chills through Turkey 's secular population . Women 's groups went to parliament Tuesday to voice their rejection . "  This is a direct threat to the republic and its foundations , " said Deniz Baykal , leader of Turkey 's main secular party , CHP . Another CHP lawmaker said she fears that if the proposal is enacted , parents will feel pressure to have their daughters wear headscarves , even in elementary school . Mustafa Akaydin , head of Turkey 's Higher Education Commission , is against the proposal . He said that allowing headscarves would be a rejection of Turkey 's secular system of government . "  It is an attempt to create a counterrevolution , " Akaydin said . "  It will be a breaking point . " He said a majority of female high school students at one school were wearing headscarves during last weekend 's entry exams -- a rarity in Turkish schools . The Higher Education Commission will meet Friday in Ankara to discuss the proposed changes . E-mail to a friend	Turkey 's ruling party agrees to lift ban on head scarves in universities Ban introduced after military coup in 1980 as seen as a sign of religion Turkey is a secular nation but its population is mainly Muslim Proposal has brought protests among the secular population
Washington  CNN  -- Texas GOP upstart Ted Cruz claimed victory Tuesday with a familiar tea party rallying cry . "  Millions of Texans and Americans are rising up to reclaim our country , to defend liberty and to restore the Constitution , " he told supporters . Cruz claims victory in Texas runoff A 41-year-old , first-time candidate , Cruz walloped the well-funded Republican establishment candidate , Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst , in Tuesday 's GOP Senate primary runoff . He did so by vowing to stand by his tea party principles . "  Politicians cut deals ; principled conservatives deliver , " is the way a Cruz television ad summed up his message . Democratic Senate leaders reacted to Cruz 's primary win with a warning : If he wins the general election in November , gridlock in the Senate will be even worse than it is now . "  Anyone elected to the Senate who starts off by saying ' I wo n't compromise ' is n't going to help us , " Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin told CNN . The tea party movement is a good foil for Democrats , but the reality is Cruz 's vote probably would n't make that much difference , because he 's replacing Republican Kay Bailey Hutchison , and she votes with the GOP 90 percent of the time . Still , Democrats do have a point that Cruz , like any senator , would have a lot of power to grind business to a halt . "  You know what the Senate is like , " said Durbin . "  One senator stands up and says no , we stop the train , until we figure out how to bring that senator around . " And Cruz would n't be the only possible new senator willing to do that . In Indiana , Richard Mourdock beat veteran Republican incumbent Sen. Richard Lugar , vowing confrontation over compromise . Lugar 's loss further polarizes Senate "  What I 've said is , and what I continue to believe , certainly , is one side or the other must prevail . And I 'm hoping this candidacy will help move the Republican Party forward to become a permanent majority , " Mourdock said the day before his GOP primary win in May . The Senate was already bound to be a more polarized place next year because so many moderates chose to leave . Nearly half a dozen from both parties are retiring this year , including Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine ; Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut ; Sen. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska ; Sen. Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota and Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia . Snowe retirement a blow to Senate 's ` sensible center ' Still , it 's an open question whether tea party rhetoric on the campaign trail translates into action in office . Ron Bonjean was a Senate Republican leadership aide for years , and he said history shows leaders can never be sure what rank and file firebrands like Cruz will do . "  Ted Cruz is going to be a new voice , and he 's going to be a variable that we do n't know what to expect  from  yet , " said Bonjean . "  He can hold everything up if he wants to or he can go against the Senate Republican leadership . " Two years ago , a handful of successful tea party-backed Senate candidates promised to hold their own leadership 's feet to the fire to slash spending , shrink the government and protect civil liberties . Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah ; Sen. Ron Johnson , R-Wisconsin ; Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky ; and others beat party favorites by vowing to shake up the Republican establishment once in Washington . But once they became senators , uncompromising demands were rare . Last year , Paul sounded off against his GOP leadership and held up Senate passage of a bill extending parts of the Patriot Act . But , by and large , the so-called tea party threat of halting business to make a point did n't often bear itself out . "  If you look at conservatives across the board , in the past year or so , there has n't been a whole sea change that we thought would happen , " said Bonjean . Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , is a sort of tea party kingmaker . Much to the chagrin of his party leadership , in 2010 he helped defeat GOP candidates across the country that Republican leaders supported . That streak continues this year with Cruz . DeMint told CNN the political action committee he started and still advises gave Cruz $ 2 million in addition to critical help with the conservative grassroots . DeMint argues the more tea party movement-backed senators , the less gridlock . "  When  Ted Cruz comes in ... I think he can help empower some of the Democrats to make those hard decisions , " DeMint told CNN . The South Carolina lawmaker believes the more staunch conservatives in the Senate , the more Democrats will be forced to compromise and come the GOP 's way . "  I think there are enough Democrats , if we have a strong mandate election , who will work with people like Ted Cruz and  Sen.  Marco Rubio and  Sen.  Pat Toomey and these senators here , in a sensible way to change the course of our country , " said DeMint . "  The good news is this : because the rest of the world is in such bad shape , if we make a few hard decisions about fixing our tax code , fixing our entitlements so that we 're on a sustainable course , America could be the best place to do business overnight . " One thing is clear : if the GOP succeeds in winning back control of the Senate , expectations will be a lot higher and pressure on the Republican leadership will be a lot more intense not to give in on the "  stick-to-our principles " sensibilities driving voters towards tea party-backed candidates like Cruz . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , is the man in charge of electing enough Republicans to the Senate to take the majority . In a Capitol hallway conversation , even he nodded and smiled in agreement with the notion that it 's a lot easier to coordinate and control the caucus when you 're in the majority . It 's a problem he and Sen. Mitch McConnell , the current Senate minority leader , relish having .	Tea party favorite Ted Cruz won the Texas GOP Senate primary runoff Tuesday Democratic Senate leaders : More tea party senators could cause more gridlock On top of new fiscally conservative senators , several moderates are retiring DeMint : More fiscal conservatives would force Democrats ' hand
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The city of Los Angeles put up $ 1 million in reward money Sunday for help catching Christopher Dorner , the renegade ex-cop accused of killing three people in a vendetta against his old department . "  We will not tolerate anyone undermining the security , the tranquility of our neighborhoods and our communities , " Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa told reporters . "  We will not tolerate this reign of terror that has robbed us of the peace of mind that residents of Southern California deserve . We will not tolerate this murderer remaining at large . " The offer -- raised in conjunction with businesses , private donors and community groups -- is "  the largest ever offered to our knowledge , " Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said . The hope is it will shake loose a tip that leads to Dorner 's eventual conviction . The Los Angeles Police Department says Dorner , a 270-pound , 6-foot former Navy officer , was fired in 2009 for filing a false complaint of excessive force against his training officer . In an interview aired Sunday on CNN affiliate KCBS , Beck called Dorner a "  trained assassin " but said he would n't be harmed if he gave himself up . "  If you turn yourself in , then you will be safe and nobody else has to die , " he said . "  If you do n't , if you decide to try to take the life of another Los Angeles police officer or their family member , then you 'll have to suffer the consequences . " Amid the manhunt , the LAPD beefed up security at Sunday night 's Grammy Awards show "  out of an abundance of caution , " police Cmdr. Andy Smith said . And Villaraigosa said authorities are confident they 'll catch Dorner . "  This search is not a matter of if . It 's a matter of when , " Villaraigosa said . "  And I want Christopher Dorner to know that . " Chief calls it ` domestic terrorism ' Dorner accused his training officer of kicking a mentally ill man during an arrest in 2007 . The LAPD ruled the complaint unfounded and kicked Dorner off the force for filing a false complaint . He challenged his firing in court and lost . In a manifesto released last week , he blamed racism and corruption in the department for his removal and vowed to wage "  unconventional and asymmetrical warfare " against LAPD officers and their families . He called it a "  last resort " to clear his name and strike back at a department he says mistreated him . Beck had a different term for it Sunday . "  This is an act -- and make no mistake about it -- of domestic terrorism , " he said . "  This is a man who has targeted those that we entrust to protect the public . His actions can not go unanswered . " But the chief announced Saturday that the LAPD would re-examine its proceedings against Dorner . The review is "  not to appease a murderer , " but "  to reassure the public that their police department is transparent and fair in all things we do , " he said . "  I am aware of the ghosts of the LAPD 's past , and one of my biggest concerns is that they will be resurrected by Dorner 's allegations of racism within the department , " Beck said . Mountain dragnet scaled back Meanwhile , about 90 miles east of the city , the dragnet was back in action around the Big Bear Lake resort in the San Bernardino Mountains . After working through a weekend of heavy snow and overnight temperatures in the single digits , investigators were trying to pick up Dorner 's trail anew after his burned-out truck was found there Thursday afternoon near the property of someone a federal arrest affidavit described as a known associate . But there has been speculation , based in part on the affidavit , that the suspect could have crossed state lines into Nevada or made his way into Mexico . The day 's effort began with about 60 officers , San Bernardino County sheriff 's spokeswoman Lehua Pahia said . But by early afternoon , it had been scaled back to about 25 investigators , aided by a helicopter equipped with body-heat sensors and other specialized equipment , Pahia said . None of the tips the department had received so far has panned out , she said . According to authorities , Dorner began making good on his threats a week ago when he killed Monica Quan and her fiance , Keith Lawrence , in a parking lot in Irvine , south of Los Angeles . Quan was the daughter of a now-retired Los Angeles police officer who represented Dorner in a disciplinary hearing that led to his termination . Time line in hunt for Dorner Days later , early Thursday morning , Dorner allegedly opened fire on two LAPD police officers , wounding one , in the suburban city of Corona . Roughly 20 minutes later , Dorner allegedly fired on two police officers in the nearby city of Riverside , killing one and wounding another . On Sunday , authorities identified the slain officer as Michael Crain , an 11-year veteran officer . LAPD guarding 50 police families Authorities say Dorner spent at least two days in the San Diego area after the shooting of Quan and her fiance . Dorner 's ID and some of his personal belongings were found Thursday at the San Ysidro Point of Entry at the U.S.-Mexico border , according to the affidavit . Border patrol agents have been searching cars crossing into Mexico for signs of Dorner , while authorities have searched a home Dorner owned in Las Vegas and one owned by his mother in La Palma , California . Two sailors reported that Dorner , a former Navy lieutenant , approached them at the San Diego-area Point Loma Naval Base , and local police allege he attempted to steal a boat . And Monica Quan 's father told investigators that someone identifying himself as Dorner called him Thursday and told him he "  should have done a better job of protecting his daughter , " the federal affidavit states . Investigators traced the call to Vancouver , Washington , but based on the timing of other sightings , they do n't believe Dorner was in Vancouver at the time , the affidavit states . Beck said the LAPD is now guarding the families of more than 50 police officers . Officers guarding one house early Thursday shot and wounded two women who were driving a pickup similar to Dorner 's , something Beck called a "  tragic , horrific incident . " Beck said that the shootings of Margie Carranza , 47 , and her mother , Emma Hernandez , 71 , occurred a day after the manhunt for Dorner began and that the officers were under enormous pressure . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Irving Last contributed to this report . Paul Vercammen and Stan Wilson reported from Big Bear Lake , and Chelsea J. Carter reported from Atlanta . Matt Smith wrote from Atlanta .	LAPD beefs up security at Grammy Awards as a precaution NEW : Slain Riverside officer identified as 11-year veteran Michael Crain Los Angeles puts up $ 1 million reward for Dorner 's capture and conviction Dorner claims LAPD racism cost him his job and declared war on the department
Budget Travel  -- The following five sites have proven the most consistently useful for the editors of Budget Travel , who do thousands of searches a year . Budget Travel editors reveal favorite online resources to book flights , hotels and other needs . Dohop.com Strictly for booking plane trips entirely outside of the U.S. , such as a flight between Paris and Rome . The site runs simultaneous searches of multiple airports serving the same city -- five airports in London , for instance -- and it retrieves fares from no-frills independent carriers like EasyJet and Ryanair , which many better-known travel sites overlook . That said , be warned that Dohop does n't work nearly as well for booking airfares leaving the U.S. Kayak.com The all-time best site for finding the cheapest plane tickets in the U.S. . Our biggest beef with Kayak 's competitors is that when you click to book a fare , they typically direct you to a new page . Sometimes it 's only then that you find out your actual departure time -- or worse , you 're forced to plug in your dates and departure cities all over again , only to discover far different results . Kayak stands apart . Once you 've found a good flight on Kayak , click on the price and you 'll be sent directly to the airline 's Web site , where the exact price for the exact flight you selected unfailingly appears . Another perk : If you are flexible on your travel dates , we recommend you try Kayak 's flexible-date search tool , which covers the broadest scope of routes and airports of any site we 've tested . Budget Travel : Staying in touch while on the road Priceline.com The granddaddy discounter helps hotels , car-rental agencies , and airlines unload all sorts of inventory at well below published prices . We admit that Priceline 's name-your-own-price option -- in which travelers do n't know specific details until after their bids have been accepted -- is n't for everyone . But as flexible travelers , we 're fans of using Priceline to bid blindly . You 'll find the best results when bidding for upscale hotels in large cities , paying up to half off what other guests pay . The trade-off is that your hotel 's location will be something of a surprise . But in many big cities , it does n't really matter which neighborhood you 're staying in , because you 're hopping all over town sightseeing anyway . Of course , Priceline also sells travel the straightforward way  with the price and details quoted up-front  , but , in our opinion , it 's no better at doing that than Expedia , Travelocity , Orbitz or CheapTickets . TripAdvisor.com Harnessing the power of the masses , the user-hotel-review site TripAdvisor is the top way to hunt for hotels . We admit that the site 's spectrum of good , bad and mixed reviews for the same property can be confusing . But you know what ? After reading the reviews and disregarding ones that seem off or biased , you get a decent sense of what to expect in a hotel -- which is the point . For now , TripAdvisor is the top dog in user-generated hotel reviews , but we 're also watching Kayak-owned TravelPost , a newly-launched site that offers a similar service  though to date it posts only about one-tenth as many reviews and opinions as TripAdvisor  . Venere.com Spotlights independently owned properties overseas , many of which never show up on American travel sites . Any booking site can point you to large , widely known hotels . But you might prefer to stay in a charming inn or a small property on your next trip , especially if you 're traveling to Europe . Well , Venere is the go-to source for this type of mom-and-pop lodging , which usually provides better value for the money than hotel chains . A recent search on Venere for hotels in Nice , France , for example , turned up 20 spots charging nightly rates of less than 60 euros  $ 82  . That 's well below the typical rates for large hotels in the resort town . Venere also offers other kinds of alternative lodging , such as apartments , pensions and farmhouses . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Budget Travel editors identify their favorite travel booking sites On Priceline.com they get the best results bidding for upscale hotels in big cities Venere.com spotlights independently owned properties overseas
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday that it has become clear new strategies are needed to deal with how police respond to "  active shooter " situations -- those in which someone with a gun is still on the scene and firing at victims . Shootings like last month 's at the Washington Navy Yard have tripled in recent years , Holder told the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference , and there have been 12 already this year . And he said such shootings have become more deadly -- a 150 % increase in the number of people killed over the past four years . "  Although research methods and results vary , it 's become clear that new strategies -- and aggressive national response protocols -- must be employed to stop shooters in their tracks , " Holder told the police chiefs . In the Navy Yard shooting , the police response time was considered extremely fast . D.C. Metro Police Chief Kathy Lanier said her officers were on the scene in seven minutes , which is about half the national average response time . But still , 12 people were killed . Experts say that despite a quick response time , the first officers on the scene often must wait until more highly trained special weapons and tactics teams arrive , and in the interim lives could be lost . Holder said that years of analysis reinforces the need for "  an immediate , aggressive response to active shooters . In order to prevent additional casualties , it is often patrol officers -- not necessarily SWAT teams -- who serve as the tip of the spear in responding to these incidents . " Security consultant Chris Grollnek describes current tactics as , "  Respond once your backup arrives , and use a contact-cover approach so you are not on a suicide mission . " Holder said that police do n't always have the luxury to take the time to get their best-trained , best-equipped officers to the scene . "  To save lives , the first officers to arrive must sometimes be the ones to directly engage an active shooter , " Holder said . "  That 's why all law enforcement officers must have the best equipment and most up-to-date training to confront these situations . We owe these officers nothing less . " Grollnek focuses on training regular people how to protect themselves before police arrive at the scene . He says people who work in places where a shooting could happen could use some training , too . "  Get up and move -- do not become a victim , do n't be a stationary target , " he said . "  React by escaping the target . " Holder said the Justice Department has partnered with groups like the IACP to train more than 50,000 front-line officers , more than 7,000 on-scene commanders and more than 3,000 local , state and federal agency heads on how to respond to active shooter situations . And it has joined with other federal agencies , local partners and outside experts to develop guidance for schools , churches , colleges , universities and private citizens on how to prepare for such incidents . Holder also said that the Justice Department has placed an increased emphasis on evaluating threats with the goal of disrupting potential shootings and other violent attacks . The FBI 's Behavioral Threat Assessment Center has successfully disrupted hundreds of potential shootings -- including 150 this year -- Holder said . While Holder pointed to partnerships with the IACG in active shooter response and prevention , there is disagreement on other issues : IACG President Craig Steckler , retired chief of police in Fremont , California , said in his introduction of Holder that the group 's membership "  profoundly disagrees " with the Justice Department 's decision not to challenge laws legalizing marijuana in Colorado and Washington state and not taking a stand against legalizing marijuana in California , as that state 's Proposition 19 would do . "  This decision by the U.S. Department of Justice , in our view , will open the floodgates for those who want to legalize marijuana throughout the country , those who have the resources to place initiatives and referendums on state ballots and those who 've continued to profit from the sale of this unlawful drug , " Steckler said to applause . Holder said the Department of Justice and law enforcement agencies need "  marriage counseling " in dealing with some issues .	Holder says tactics for approaching "  active shooter " situations should change Police agencies do n't have the luxury of waiting for SWAT teams to arrive D.C. police response time in the Navy Yard shooting was great , but still 12 people were killed Police chiefs disagree with the Justice Department 's position on states that legalize marijuana
CNN  -- Years after his death , baseball legend Honus Wagner hit a home run for a group of nuns , who will use proceeds from the sale of his extremely rare baseball card to do charitable work . Texas-based Heritage Auctions conducted the internet auction , which concluded Thursday night with a winning bid from Doug Walton , whose family owns seven stores in the Southeast specializing in sports cards and collectibles . "  I have been in the market for this card for a long time , " Walton told CNN . "  It is the Mona Lisa of baseball cards . " Walton paid $ 262,900 , Heritage said , with $ 220,000 of that going to the School Sisters of Notre Dame . The card 's price beat initial estimates by $ 162,900 . Both the card and the account of how it came to be sold make for compelling stories . Like other stars of the early 20th century , Wagner , a Hall of Famer with the Pittsburgh Pirates , appeared on tobacco company cards . The T206 cards were made between 1909 and 1911 . Wagner 's likeness was removed , either because he opposed being associated by young fans with tobacco or because he was n't being paid enough by the company , said Chris Ivy , director of sports sales for Heritage Auctions . Only 50 to 60 T206 Wagner cards are believed to exist . One in near-mint condition sold for $ 2.8 million in 2007 . The Catholic order , which has a facility in Baltimore , Maryland , obtained the card when the brother of one its nuns died earlier this year , leaving several baseball cards to the congregation . Neither of the siblings has been identified . Never mind that the card 's sides had been trimmed to fit in a scrapbook , that it was laminated and lost some paper on the back , leaving it in poor condition . It 's an authentic T206 Honus Wagner card . "  The fact that this was in her brother 's collection since the 1930s and no one knew it " makes its history special , Ivy told CNN . The Catholic missionary and teaching order said Wagner 's name "  is blessed to us now . " "  We 're very grateful to have the extra funds to help the School Sisters of Notre Dame where we minister in more than 30 countries , " said Sister Virginia Muller , treasurer of the order 's Atlantic-Midwest area , in a statement . Walton , managing partner of Walton Sports Cards and Collectibles , said he 's tried three previous times to buy a Wagner card , but was outbid . He plans to have the card make the rounds of the company 's stores in Tennessee , Florida and South Carolina . He concedes he paid about $ 60,000 more than the card is worth , but "  the back story made me spend the extra money on it . " About 75 percent of his pursuit of the T206 card was emotion , he said . "  I 'm a very stubborn person . "	Rare Honus Wagner baseball card sold at auction Catholic nuns will receive $ 220,000 to do charitable work Buyer has been in the market for card for a long time
Actor Shia LaBeouf has settled charges related to his summer meltdown on Broadway by agreeing to get more alcohol abuse treatment . LaBeouf appeared at a Manhattan court Wednesday to plead guilty to one count of disorderly conduct under a deal that drops his trespass and harassment charges . The sentence requires LaBeouf , who has been getting outpatient alcohol treatment since his arrest , to continue treatment for another three months . The disorderly conduct conviction will be withdrawn if he completes the treatment and does not get arrested in the next six months . The "  Transformers " actor was initially arrested by New York police on June 26 "  for refusing to leave a theatrical performance when asked , for creating unreasonable noise and using obscene language outside of Studio 54 , and for spitting at a police officer at the Midtown North police precinct , " Assistant District Attorney Alyssa Russell said in court Wednesday . The criminal complaint said LaBeouf was sitting in the audience in a theater at Studio 54 , watching a performance of "  Cabaret , " when he yelled "  loudly at the actors onstage " and refused to leave . As a police officer escorted the actor out of the theater , LaBeouf allegedly said , " "  F -- you . This is f -- ing bull -- . Do you know my life ? Do you know who the f -- I am ? Do you know who I am , " the complaint said . At the police precinct , the actor spat in the direction of the officer and cursed at him , according to prosecutors . "  We appreciate the thoughtfulness of the resolution by the district attorney 's office , " LaBeouf 's attorney Robert Gage told CNN after the hearing . LaBeouf must return to court on November 12 to prove he has completed the alcohol treatment . Mel Gibson sympathizes with Shia LaBeouf He rose to fame at age 14 as the star of the Disney series "  Even Stevens . " He has stayed busy with regular movie and TV roles , including starring in three "  Transformers " films . Of late , he has played in films with a more literary appeal , such as "  Nymphomaniac " and "  The Necessary Death of Charlie Countryman . "	Shia LaBeouf must continue alcohol abuse treatment another 3 months under the deal He pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct under a deal that drops trespass , harassment charges LaBeouf was arrested at a showing of "  Cabaret " at a theater at New York 's Studio 54 His conviction will be dismissed if he stays out of trouble for six months
CNN  -- Cadel Evans secured Australia 's first ever Tour de France victory after the 21st and final stage of the historic race culminated on the streets of Paris . Evans , who rides for the BMC team , finished amidst the peleton in the 95km stage , to maintain his 1min 34sec lead over Andy Schleck of Luxembourg . Britain 's Mark Cavendish , of HTC-Highroad , sealed a hat-trick of victories on the Champs Elysees to take the green jersey , awarded for the Tour 's best sprinter . Samuel Sanchez , of the Euskaltel team , claimed the polka dot jersey and Frenchman Pierre Rolland , of Europcar , scooped the white jersey after becoming the best placed rider 25 and under . Cadel Evans : From the outback to Tour de France fame Evans has twice finished runner up in the world 's premier cycling event , in 2007 and 2008 , and was mobbed by his teammates as soon as he crossed the line in the French capital . It was Evans ' commanding performance in Saturday 's individual time trial that secured him both the yellow jersey and an unassailable lead , and the final flat stage of the race was little more than a procession . Evans , who became Australia 's first ever world road race champion in 2009 , told reporters : "  It 's been 20 years since I watched my very first Tour de France on TV and I said I 'd like to win it . A lot of people did n't believe it . "  But some very good people believed in me , from my very first coach right through to the ones who turned me to the road . "  It 's been years of hard work and there were a lot of moments in this three weeks where our Tour was lost but to get here safely with all my skin , just that alone is a quest in itself . "  But to be here wearing the yellow jersey -- for my team , my country , a group of people around me ... it leaves me a little lost for words . " An emotional Evans paid tribute to Aldo Sassi -- his mentor who died of a brain tumor a year ago . "  Aldo Sassi always believed in me , more than I did myself , " he added . "  He said to me at one point , I hope that you can win a grand Tour and I hope for you it is the Tour de France for it 's the most prestigious . If you do , you 'll become the most complete rider of your generation . " Andy Schleck finished second for the third successive year , with his brother Frank coming third . Frenchman Thomas Voeckler was fourth with last year 's champion , Alberto Contador , of Spain , finishing fifth . "  It 's been a perfect Tour de France but there 's only one who can win , " Andy Schleck told the Tour 's official web site . "  We knew that from the start and that 's Cadel and he also deserves this victory . He 's been fighting for it . I was fighting too but he was stronger and I 'll be back . " A jubilant Cavendish , who has now won a total of 20 Tour de France stages , said : "  This is absolutely my best Tour de France yet . The green jersey is an objective I 've had in mind for a long time . It 's incredible to get it . "	Cadel Evans secures Australia 's first ever Tour de France victory Evans wins by 1min 34sec from Andy Schleck of Luxembourg Mark Cavendish wins the final stage and takes the green jersey Samuel Sanchez takes the polka dot jersey and Pierre Rolland the white jersey
CNN  -- Kevin DuBrow , the lead singer of the 1980s heavy metal band Quiet Riot , has died , CNN has confirmed . He was 52 . Kevin DuBrow and Quiet Riot hit No. 1 with "  Metal Health " in 1983 . DuBrow died at his home in Las Vegas , Nevada , according to TMZ.com . The Clark County coroner 's office was examining the body to determine the cause of death , according to TMZ . "  I 'm at a loss for words . I 've just lost my best friend , " Quiet Riot drummer Frankie Banali told CNN . "  Out of respect for both Kevin and his family , I wo n't comment further . There 's going to be a lot of speculation out there , and I wo n't add to that . I love him too much . " Quiet Riot hit the top of the charts with its 1983 album , "  Metal Health , " considered by some sources as the first heavy metal album to hit No. 1 . The album was driven by the group 's cover of Slade 's "  Cum on Feel the Noize , " which hit the Top 40 . The band 's other hits included "  Bang Your Head  Metal Health  " and another Slade cover , "  Mama Weer All Crazee Now . " The band formed in the mid-1970s behind DuBrow and guitarist Randy Rhoads , who later joined Ozzy Osbourne 's band and died in a tour accident . After several years , during which time the band disbanded , regrouped and built an audience , everything came together for "  Metal Health , " which put Quiet Riot in the vanguard of the Los Angeles heavy metal movement . But the band 's rushed follow-up , "  Condition Critical , " did n't do as well , and DuBrow started taking shots at other L.A. bands , such as Motley Crue and Ratt , according to Allmusic.com . Within a few years , the band had mutinied  leaving DuBrow at a hotel in Hawaii while other members returned to California , Allmusic 's Eduardo Rivadavia observes  and taken on a new lead singer . The bad blood prompted a lawsuit from DuBrow . By the 1990s tempers had calmed and the band got together again , putting out a live album in 1999 and a new studio set , "  Guilty Pleasures , " in 2001 . The group 's most recent album , "  Rehab , " came out last year . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this story .	Kevin DuBrow died in Las Vegas home , according to TMZ.com DuBrow was lead singer of Quiet Riot Band hit No. 1 in 1983 with album "  Metal Health "
CNN  -- The Wiggles have been officially wiggling for 17 years now , entertaining children with music , television , videos and films that have become modern classics . The Wiggles have been entertaining children with colorful , clean-cut songs since 1991 . In Australia , their annual end of year national tour sells over 120,000 tickets , while their U.S. fans include John Travolta , Sarah Jessica Parker , Matthew Broderick , John Fogarty , Shaquille O'Neal , Chris Rock , Courtney Cox-Arquette and Cate Blanchett . And since 2003 , in addition to their native English , they also wiggle in Mandarin and Spanish , reaching out to the Taiwanese and Latin American public , respectively . Anthony Field , Murray Cook and Greg Page met at Macquarie University in Sydney , Australia , where they were studying early childhood education and writing children 's songs . Together with fellow musician Jeff Fatt , who played with Anthony in the popular 1980s band The Cockroaches , they formed The Wiggles and released a self-titled album on ABC Music in 1991 . Fifteen years and 27 DVD releases later , they had been awarded with 17 Gold , 12 Platinum , 3 Double Platinum and 10 Multi Platinum Awards for sales of over 17 million DVDs and 4 million CDs worldwide . They have also been awarded with Highest Selling Children 's Video Sales in 1995 , 1996 , 1998 and 1999 at the ADSDA Awards . The Wiggles made their U.S. debut at the famous Wall Mart in June 1999 , while performing in shopping mall parking lots . In 2003 they performed 12 sold-out shows at Madison Square Garden in New York City and performed to over 250,000 people in November 2005 . That year also initiated a series of amusement-park openings , from Wiggles World at Dream World on the Gold Coast of Australia , to a second Wiggly Play Centre to be launched in Dallas , Texas , USA .	Anthony Field , Murray Cook and Greg Page studied early childhood education Entertain children with music and visuals in English , Mandarin and Spanish U.S. fans include John Travolta , Sarah Jessica Parker , Chris Rock , Cate Blanchett
Cedar Rapids , Iowa  CNN  -- The Iowa caucuses are 16 months away , but judging from the way potential presidential candidates are visiting this state , you 'd think they were next week . But White House hopefuls are taking advantage of the fact that next week is the first competitive Senate election here in decades . They 're coming to campaign with the candidates early and often . Hillary Clinton 's Wednesday with the Democratic Senate candidate Bruce Braley was about electing Bruce Braley . She talked almost exclusively about his bona fides , and the problems with his Republican opponent . But just the fact that she was here , helping her fellow Democrat , will score points with the local leaders and hard core party voters she will need to back her in 2016 -- especially since Iowa was the beginning of the end for her candidacy eight years ago when she came in third in the Iowa caucuses . Although this time around Clinton does n't appear to have as much competition , other Democrats with 2016 buzz have been here too -- from Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren to Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley to Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders . On the much more wide open and chaotic GOP side , Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst can barely go a day without a White House hopeful next to her . The day we were with her it was Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio , who broke his own rule of not picking sides in GOP primaries to endorse Ernst early on , and he 's been here several times since to campaign with her . "  How Iowa goes , the Senate will go . The Senate Majority may very well be decided here in Iowa this year , " Rubio told us in an interview during one of his three campaign stops with Ernst . And though he too was careful to make his public remarks about the Senate race , helping Ernst win , pressing the flesh with Iowa voters who are used to getting to know their presidential candidates is undeniably helpful . Rubio said he has visited Iowa three or four times this midterm election year ,  but who 's counting  and he 's hardly alone . Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul have all made multiple visits to the Hawkeye state in 2014 alone . Even South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , who said recently he might consider running for president , campaigned with Ernst last week despite the fact that he 's on the ballot in his own state Tuesday . Paul had the good fortune of being chosen by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , a powerful GOP force , to appear straight to camera in their new closing television ad here . "  If you 're a freedom loving , liberty loving voter I urge you to get out and vote for Joni Ernst this Tuesday , " Paul says in the ad . But sometimes testing the waters can be treacherous . Though Rubio received several warm greetings with not-so-veiled references to his presidential ambitions , one voter , Jan Larson , was looking for someone else -- and told him so . Larson stopped Rubio when he was working the crowd in Williamsburg , Iowa , to ask about Mitt Romney . "  Can we convince Mitt to run ? " Larson asked Rubio . "  I do n't know you 'll have to ask him , " Rubio responded with a smile . "  I did , " Larson said . CNNs Adam Levy contributed to this report .	White House hopefuls have spent recent weeks stumping for Iowa congressional candidates Hillary Clinton was there Wednesday to stump for Bruce Braley Many GOP presidential possibilities have stumped for Joni Ernst who 's running for senate
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Two mentally disabled women were strapped with explosives Friday and sent into busy Baghdad markets , where they were blown up by remote control , a top Iraqi government official said . Iraqi soldiers secure the scene of a bombing Friday at a popular pet market in central Baghdad . The bombs killed at least 98 people and wounded more than 200 at two popular pet markets on the holiest day of the week for Muslims , authorities said . In both bombings , the attackers were mentally disabled women whose explosive belts were remotely detonated , Gen. Qasim Atta , spokesman for Baghdad 's security plan , told state television . Atta said the women were strapped with dynamite and ball bearings , citing members of the bomb squad . The explosives were detonated via cell phone , he said . An Atta aide said that people referred to the bomber at central Baghdad 's al-Ghazl market as the "  crazy woman " and that the bomber at a second market had an unspecified birth disability . The aide said authorities believe the women were unaware of plans to detonate the explosives . Watch how the use of the women represents a new tactic " The nationalities and identities of the women have not been released . U.S. military officials referred to the two attacks as suicide bombings , saying both women detonated the explosive devices . The U.S. officials also gave a much lower casualty toll , with 27 civilians dead and 53 others wounded . The Pentagon attributed the attacks to al Qaeda in Iraq and made no reference to the mental conditions of the women . "  By targeting innocent Iraqis , they show their true demonic character , " said Lt. Col. Steve Stover , spokesman for the Multi-National Division-Baghdad . "  They care nothing for the Iraqi people ; they want to subjugate them and forcefully create a greater Islamic sharia state , " he said , referring to Islamic law . The violence marked the bloodiest series of attacks in Baghdad since August , breaking a brief stretch of relative calm as attacks and deaths dropped after the 2007 increase in U.S. troop strength called the surge . In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the attacks show the reality of the continuing struggle against militants , adding that Iraqis have turned against "  these terrible , violent people in their midst who will do anything . " "  It certainly underscores and affirms the decision of the Iraqi people that there is no political program here that is acceptable to a civilized society , and that this is the most brutal and the most bankrupt of movements that would do this kind of thing , " she said at a press briefing . "  And I think that will underscore for the Iraqis , and it will make them tougher in the fight . " The first bomb blew up at al-Ghazl animal market around 10:30 a.m. , killing 69 and wounding more than 140 . The second blast happened about a half-hour later in the New Baghdad neighborhood pet market , killing 29 people and wounding 67 . Al-Ghazl pet market is a popular destination where people buy and sell cats , dogs , monkeys and other animals . Attackers have struck the market on Fridays -- its busiest day -- several times in the last year or so . A January 2007 bombing killed 15 and wounded 52 at the pet market , and 13 people died and 58 were wounded in a November attack . Other developments CNN 's Ahmed Taha and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Women 's vests loaded with dynamite , ball bearings , Iraqi official says NEW : Iraq says 98 people killed at Baghdad markets , while U.S. says 27 dead NEW : Iraq : Bombs detonated by cell phone ; U.S. : Women detonated bombs Iraqi official say female bombers had mental disabilities
New York  CNN  -- A collection of 46 never-before-seen photos from The Beatles ' first concerts in the United States was auctioned off for more than $ 350,000 at a New York auction house on Wednesday . The evening 's biggest sellers included a close-up of John Lennon and Paul McCartney singing into a microphone , which sold for $ 30,000 and an image of the four Beatles shot from behind , which went for $ 68,500 . The auction , held at Christie 's in Manhattan , was expected to bring in about $ 100,000 , but the grand total ended up being $ 361,938 . The Washington , D.C.-based photographer behind the show was 18 when he took the photos . Mike Mitchell , who is now 65 , said that the thought of someday auctioning off the photos for such a large sum had never crossed his mind as a rookie photographer vying for a press pass to see the Fab Four . "  Nobody knew where The Beatles would go , " he said . "  They kind of marched and everybody fell in step behind them . " When Mitchell heard The Beatles were making their first trip across the Atlantic , he managed to get a press pass from a magazine he worked for . "  I had realized that the camera was really a ticket to a lot of places one might not be able to go otherwise , " he said . Some of the photos that were auctioned off were taken on Feb. 11 , 1964 , at the Washington Coliseum -- The Beatles ' first concert in the United States . The others were taken at the Baltimore Civic Center in September of that year . Mitchell chose the 46 photos to be auctioned from about 450 negatives that had been collecting dust since the 1964 concerts . He chose group shots , close-ups and even photos without any faces . One of his favorite photos is an image of Ringo Starr 's jeweled hands . Another is a photo of one of The Beatles ' boots on a stage littered with jelly beans . Mitchell had to scan and restore the photos for the auction . "  I had to remove all the dust and scratches that had accumulated over that time , " he said . He decided to release the photos because "  it was time , " he said . Cathy Elkies , director of iconic collections at Christie 's , said she was nervous going into the auction because Mitchell was a relatively unknown name , but that the photographs and their subjects spoke for themselves . "  They are beautiful , they are intimate , they are evocative , " she said . "  And the fact that he was 18 just is really a very sobering idea . " And the fact that the photos had never been seen added to the success of the auction , Elkies said . "  Beatles fans just think they 've seen it all so to have the opportunity to bring something to market that was never seen before was great , " she said .	The biggest sellers include a close-up of John Lennon and Paul McCartney The auction was expected to bring in about $ 100,000 The photographer behind the show was 18 when he took the pictures They include group shots , close-ups and photos without any faces
CNN  -- At least 361 people have died and 600,000 were living in refugee camps because of flooding in Pakistan , the country 's national disaster authority said Tuesday . The flooding in Sindh and Balochistan provinces has destroyed 1.5 million homes in 41,000 villages , the government said . The United Nations World Food Program has been distributing food , starting in the hard-hit city of Badin . As of Friday , more than 15,000 people have received assistance , the agency said . The agency estimated that 73 % of food crops in the flood zone and 36 % of livestock were lost or destroyed . The United Nations said Monday that it is seeking donors to build a $ 357 million fund to help the Pakistani government 's flood response efforts . It is meant to provide food , water , sanitation , health care and shelter for some flood victims for up to six months . "  More than five million people are struggling to survive massive flooding across southern Pakistan , and the rains continue to fall , " said Valerie Amos , the U.N. under-secretary-general for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator . Last year , Pakistan was also the site of massive and deadly flooding . In August 2010 , weeks of flooding caused $ 9.7 billion in damages to homes , roads and farms in southwest Pakistan . More than 1,700 people died in the 2010 flooding , and more than 20 million were displaced . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	More deaths are reported from the flooding , officials say About 600,000 people are living in refugee camps The United Nations wants donations for flood relief efforts
Washington  CNN  -- Hoops games happen all the time on aircraft carriers , but Tuesday officials from the Navy , the NCAA and Morale Entertainment met to discuss staging a major college basketball game on the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson . The Carl Vinson has played key roles in the fight against terrorism almost since day one . The ship launched the first wave of air attacks on al Qaeda and Taliban targets in Afghanistan after September 11 , 2001 , and most recently it was the ship from which Osama bin Laden was buried at sea . Now the Carl Vinson is on track to make sports history , as the first ever carrier to host an NCAA basketball game . The final deal has n't been reached , but the plan , being promoted by Morale Entertainment , calls for the Michigan State Spartans to play the University of North Carolina Tar Heels on Veterans Day , November 11 , on the top deck of the Carl Vinson at the U.S. naval base in San Diego at about 4 p.m. PT . "  The discussion with representatives is still ongoing . If we are able to come to a final agreement , we look forward to the opportunity this event presents for our Navy and the veterans , " Cmdr. Danny Hernandez , U.S. Navy spokesman , said . "  We 're still reviewing the proposal . " The "  Carrier Classic , " as the game has been dubbed , would be the first televised college basketball game of the season for ESPN , which agreed to air the game if the negotiations are finalized and the Navy signs off on the deal . But it will take more than a deal to pull the game off . First there 's the game itself . Unlike indoor arenas , the deck of an aircraft carrier would mean possible winds , rain or sunshine . To cope with possible weather problems , two courts would be built on the ship : One up on the flight deck , the other below in the hangar deck , which would be protected from rain and some wind . The seating for the flight deck stadium would be wrapped with fabric to help block the wind , which college basketball players typically do n't have to cope with . As for the sunshine , the ship would be moored alongside a pier that would put the sun about midcourt , so no players would have to shoot into the setting sun . Plus a professional lighting crew that does lighting for rock concerts has been contacted about bringing in lights to help keep the court lit enough for the players and the TV cameras . Another issue is security . An aircraft carrier is the Navy 's most important asset . The game would attract about 7,000 fans . Getting them onto a secure Navy base and then on board a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier would take a significant security effort . Part of that has been addressed by the promoters , who do n't plan to sell tickets to the public . Instead , some tickets will go to UNC and MSU and a few to sponsors as well as some youth coaches who take part in an onshore clinic . The rest of the tickets will go to service members , veterans and their families . Plus , Morale Entertainment spokesman Mike Whalen said each ticket will have the name of the ticket holder printed on the front to prevent scalping . If the name on the ticket does n't match your ID , no game for you . The Navy also needs the promoters and ESPN , which plans to bring a dozen or more cameras to cover the game , to know that at any moment the president could order the Carl Vinson to leave port for a mission . Which means the basketball courts , and bleachers would have to come off the ship just as 5,000-plus sailors and Marines would have to come aboard . Whalen said he has assured the Navy it would be prepared to break down both courts and all the seating very quickly if need be . "  We can be off the ship 24 to 36 hours , " Whalen said . To make sure of that , nothing will be bolted or welded to the ship . Instead , they will use "  tie-downs " that are already on the ship 's decks to hold warplanes in place . Planes are not typically on board an aircraft carrier that is in its home port . The idea for a carrier-based basketball game started at Michigan State . According to Whalen , MSU Athletic Director Mark Hollis had the idea and head basketball coach Tim Izzo liked it . In a news release from ESPN , Izzo said , "  As coaches and athletes , we are familiar with terms like wins and losses , but to our servicemen and women , those phrases have very different meanings . It 's a concept that first hit home during one of my trips to visit our troops in Kuwait , and one that I 've carried with me since then . " The Navy spent Monday and Tuesday with officials from the NCAA , Morale Entertainment , ESPN and the San Diego Sports Commission in detailed discussions about the game . They 've given the officials tours of the ship , let them see the areas that could be used for the game and the potential problems that could crop up . As if the idea of the first carrier-borne NCAA game is n't enough to interest you , perhaps this will : Former UNC star Michael Jordan and former MSU star Earvin "  Magic " Johnson are the honorary captains for the game . And if the game goes off as planned and is successful , there are already talks about having more games , including a match-up between the Notre Dame and Ohio State women 's basketball teams .	Navy is in talks for potential "  Carrier Classic " ESPN would televise game if it pans out Two courts would have to be built to skirt weather woes Courts , bleachers would have to vanish if carrier ordered on a mission
Oscar Pistorius did not commit murder the night he killed Reeva Steenkamp , a judge said Thursday . He did not intend to kill her , Judge Thokozile Masipa said . But his conduct was "  negligent , " she said before adjourning for the day , suggesting she will find the Olympian guilty of culpable homicide . There is no minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law . It 's up to the judge to decide . As he fired four bullets into the bathroom of his home in Pretoria on Valentine 's Day last year , he did not foresee the "  possibility that he would kill the person behind the door , let alone the deceased , as he thought she was in the bedroom at the time , " Masipa said . Evidence suggests that Pistorius genuinely believed the person in the bathroom was an intruder , although that is irrelevant to the case , the judge said . Pistorius could have taken other actions when he thought there was an intruder , she said . "  All the accused had to do was to pick up his cell phone to call security or the police , " she said . "  He could have run to the balcony and screamed in the same way he screamed after the incident , " she added , noting that Pistorius called security after the incident and could have done so when he heard what he thought was an intruder . Judge : Pistorius ' background no excuse Defense arguments that his upbringing "  in a crime-riddled environment and in a home where the mother was paranoid and always carried a firearm " might explain his conduct that night , but "  it does not excuse the conduct , " Masipa said . "  The accused had reasonable time to reflect , to think and to conduct himself reasonably , " she said . "  I am not persuaded that a reasonable person with the accused 's disabilities in the same circumstances would have fired four shots into that small toilet cubicle . " Following the country 's legal standard for determining culpable homicide , Masipa found that "  a reasonable person " would have "  foreseen the reasonable possibility " that whoever was in the bathroom might have been killed , and would have "  taken steps to guard against that possibility , " she said . "  I am of the view that the accused acted too hastily and used excessive force , " she said , adding that under the circumstances , "  it is clear that his conduct was negligent . " Pistorius could be seen crying at times during the reading of the lengthy verdict . The Olympian 's trial in the death of his model and law graduate girlfriend started six months ago , transfixing the world with graphic details of how he fatally shot Steenkamp . Before she rejected the premeditated murder charge , Masipa questioned why he fired "  not one ... but four shots " into the bathroom before he went to find his girlfriend . However , she said , the intention to shoot does not necessarily mean the intent to kill . Judge : Pistorius knew right from wrong "  Court is satisfied that at the relevant time , the accused could distinguish between right and wrong , " and act accordingly , she said . Masipa cast doubt on witness testimony and said she believes media coverage contaminated testimonies . She doubted state witnesses , saying they were in and out of sleep the night of the killing . "  Technology is more reliable than human perception and human memory , " she said . She described the victim 's wound as "  immediately incapacitating " and said she believed a scream heard by witnesses the night of the killing was Pistorius , ' not Steenkamp 's . The judge appeared to be accepting the defense timeline of events that the shots came first , then screaming that must have been Pistorius . She knocked down some aspects of the state 's case : the fact that Steenkamp took her phone and locked herself in the bathroom allegedly out of fear for her safety , phone messages between the couple that showed some rocky patches , and her stomach contents . Barry and June Steenkamp sat expressionless a few rows behind the man on trial for killing their daughter . Her father bowed his head as he heard about his daughter 's fatal wounds . Pistorius ' uncle , sister and brother also attended the hearing in the packed courtroom -- the latter in a wheelchair from a car accident . Lesser charges Pistorius also faces three weapons charges . The most serious relates to ammunition found in his house when police searched it after the killing . He did not have a proper license for it , but he says he was storing it in his safe for his father . If he is found guilty of the ammunition charge , he could face up to 15 years in prison , though the judge could opt for a lesser punishment such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . Two other charges are related to allegations that he recklessly fired a gun in public -- once in a restaurant in 2012 , and again out of the sunroof of a car last year . Pistorius denies both . The maximum penalty for each charge is five years behind bars . If he is convicted of either , he could face a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license .	Oscar Pistorius ' conduct was "  negligent , " Judge Thokozile Masipa says She says Pistorius can not be found guilty of intentionally killing his girlfriend In addition to the murder charge , Pistorius faces three weapons charges The most serious weapons charge is related to ammunition found in his house
CNN  Three billion miles away from Earth , in an unchartered slice of our solar system , a small space probe is shaking off its deep sleep and getting ready to become the first spacecraft to visit Pluto and its moons . It 's the "  beginning of the mission 's primary objective : the exploration of Pluto and its many moons in 2015 , " said Alan Stern , New Horizons principal investigator from Southwest Research Institute , Boulder , Colorado , in a NASA news release . NASA 's New Horizons spacecraft was launched on January 19 , 2006 . It 's down to the final 162 million miles of its journey and will arrive July 14 , 2015 . New Horizons has had 18 hibernation periods totaling 1,873 days to save wear and tear on its components . This was its last nap . Mission operators at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , say a preprogrammed command ordered the spacecraft to switch from hibernation to "  active " at 9:53 p.m.  EST  December 6 . "  This is a big deal . It means the start of our pre-encounter operations , " said Glen Fountain , New Horizons project manager at APL . The mission managers will spend several weeks checking out the spacecraft and testing computer commands to guide New Horizons through the rest of its flight . The probe is 27 inches  0.7 meters  tall , 83 inches  2.1 meters  long and 108 inches  2.7 meters  wide . It weighed 1,054 pounds  478 kilograms  at launch . New Horizons is packed with cameras and other instruments , and it should start sending back glimpses of Pluto on January 15 . By mid-May , we should get "  better than Hubble " photos . Until now , the best image we 've had of Pluto is a pixilated photo from the Hubble Space Telescope . We 'll also see Pluto 's five moons : Charon , Nix , Hydra , Kerberos and Styx . New Horizons was launched before the big debate started over whether it 's a planet . For the scientists on the New Horizons team , Pluto is very much a planet -- just a new kind of planet . "  New Horizons is on a journey to a new class of planets we 've never seen , in a place we 've never been before , " says New Horizons Project Scientist Hal Weaver of APL . "  For decades , we thought Pluto was this odd little body on the planetary outskirts ; now we know it 's really a gateway to an entire region of new worlds in the Kuiper Belt , and New Horizons is going to provide the first close-up look at them . " NASA : How Pluto got its name	New Horizons awakens from its final hibernation The NASA space probe will visit Pluto and its moons in July 2015 Talk about a long journey -- New Horizons has traveled nine years and 3 billion miles
CNN  The world 's busiest airport has started screening employee bags before allowing workers into secure areas and shutting down access doors to the airfield in the wake of a gun-smuggling operation , CNN has confirmed . Until recently , Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport had about 70 access points for what 's called "  back of the airport " employees , including baggage handlers and ramp workers . The workers were not subject to bag and body check screening when going to work . Before the new measures , employees only had to swipe their badges to gain access to secure areas of the airport . Now private security guards are checking their bags and personal belongings before they are allowed to enter a security door at the main terminal . "  There 's a phased-in approach to get to full employee screening , " airport spokesman Reese McCranie said . A day in the life of the Atlanta airport In addition , after a CNN inquiry , airport officials closed one access point to the ramp used by Delta Air Lines employees arriving for work on the lower level of the airport . The employees have to punch in an access code to the door , and once inside , swipe their badges to go through another door . They still have access to the outer door , but the second inside door that leads to the ramp is now restricted . Delta subcontractors confirmed to CNN that employees could access the airfield after punching in their code and going through another door . "  Yeah , they can get into the terminal , " the employee said . "  The break room allows you to go through a door where they have access to the mezzanine . The mezzanine is the outside where the planes are , it 's where they do their work . They have other elevators that they can go through that 'll take them up to the terminal . " Within days of CNN 's visit , the airport restricted access . "  The area that we visited ... that leads from the Delta break room to the baggage make-up area is being locked down , " McCranie told CNN . "  It will remain an emergency exit per fire code . If anyone tries to access it , the door alarm will be activated and recorded on CCTV  closed-circuit television  . The only personnel that will now have access to this door will be emergency responders  police and fire department  . " Delta said that due to the sensitive nature of security protocols , it could not discuss specifics , but noted that "  safety and security are always Delta 's top priority and we are continually engaged with DHS , TSA and other stakeholders to enhance strategy and tactics across the airline 's global operation . " The airport plans to reduce the number of employee access points from about 70 to 10 , McCranie said . In addition , secure area access has been cut for about 4,400 employees who work for companies at the airport . Those employees will now have to go through Transportation Security Administration screening . Federal agents broke up a gun smuggling operation at Atlanta 's airport in December , arresting a Delta baggage handler and passenger . The baggage handler was able to bring guns to work in a satchel , enter the gate area and pass the weapons to a passenger who had already gone through security , according to an arrest warrant affidavit and officials . The passenger transported guns on about 20 Delta flights from Atlanta to New York last year , the affidavit said . A CNN investigation found that only two major airports in the United States -- Miami and Orlando -- conduct full employee screening , requiring all employees with secure access to pass through metal detectors . Following a January congressional hearing about airport employee screening , the Atlanta airport 's general manager , Miguel Southwell , said he wanted to move toward full screening . "  It ca n't be a one size fits all , " Southwell said . "  In addition to the background checks as an employee , there 's an enormous amount of training that goes on . There 's an enormous amount of retraining that goes on as well . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Atlanta airport plans to go from 70 to 10 employee access points Airport now screening workers ' bags Earlier CNN investigation found only two major U.S. airports fully screen employees
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congress voted to halt planned cuts in Medicare payments to doctors Tuesday , overriding President Bush 's veto in a battle that pitted health insurers against physicians . President Bush says he objects to the bill because it takes choices "  away from seniors to pay physicians . " The new law stops a 10.6 percent cut in Medicare payments to doctors , part of a scheduled cost-saving formula that went into effect July 1 . The money for the doctors will be taken from the government-subsidized Medicare Advantage program , which the Bush administration strongly supports . Bush spiked the bill Tuesday , telling lawmakers they would be "  taking choices away from seniors to pay physicians . " "  I urge the Congress to send me a bill that reduces the growth in Medicare spending , increases competition and efficiency , implements principles of value-driven health care and appropriately offsets increases in physician spending , " he said in his veto message . The Senate voted 70-26 to enact the law over Bush 's objections , the third time in his presidency that Congress has overridden his veto . The margin in the House of Representatives was a lopsided 383-41 , well beyond the two-thirds majority needed . The American Medical Association lobbied heavily for the bill , warning that its members could be forced to curtail seeing Medicare patients if the cuts went into effect . But insurers , which receive government subsidies to offer Medicare Advantage plans , warned that 2 million seniors could lose health benefits if it passed . A total of 21 Senate Republicans joined 47 Democrats and two independents in the override vote . Supporters broke a GOP-led filibuster of the bill last week , aided by the dramatic return of Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts . Kennedy 's vote came in his first appearance on the Senate floor since surgery to remove a brain tumor in early June . Though he did not vote Tuesday , Kennedy praised his colleagues for overriding the "  misguided " veto . "  It 's a great vote , and a great day for America 's seniors , " he said in a written statement . Those Republicans who opposed the bill argued that it would roll back many of the changes made to Medicare in 2003 , when Congress created privately run , government-subsidized prescription drug coverage and expanded the role of private insurers in other coverage . "  These are not pro-patient policies , " said Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona . "  Rather , the bill reduces access , benefits and choices for Medicare beneficiaries . " But critics of the 2003 reforms say Medicare Advantage subsidies end up costing more than the government would pay to cover the same people through regular Medicare , the federal health insurance program for seniors . The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the bill will reduce federal spending by $ 12.5 billion by 2013 , largely by reducing Medicare Advantage enrollment . Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , said the bill also made "  vital improvements " by supporting rural health care and lowering fees for mental health care . "  Today , we can stand up for Medicare , " she said . "  We did it last week , when we came together and voted for this measure by a veto-proof margin , and I believe we can do it today by overriding that veto . " Congress had passed only two bills over Bush 's objections : a $ 23 billion water-project legislation that the president vetoed in 2007 and a $ 300 billion farm bill he spiked in May . The Medicare system pays for the health care of roughly 40 million elderly Americans . Rising health care costs have made Medicare a growing part of the federal budget , and the stress on the system is increasing as more baby boomers reach retirement age . While the debate was raging over the bill , the AMA said the cuts could lead to a "  meltdown " of the government 's health care system for the elderly . A recent survey by the group found that 60 percent of physicians will be forced to limit the number of new Medicare patients they can take on if the cuts go into effect . "  We stand at the brink of a Medicare meltdown . ... For doctors , this is not a partisan issue ; it 's a patient access issue , " AMA President Nancy Nielsen said in a statement after last week 's Senate vote . The AMA ran radio and TV ads over the July Fourth congressional recess targeting 10 Republican senators , seven of whom are up for re-election . The AARP , the nation 's largest organization of retired people , and other groups also are weighing in against the cuts . Gerald Harmon , a family physician who practices in Pawleys Island , South Carolina , said the cuts could lead to doctors taking fewer Medicare patients , making it difficult for the program 's elderly patients to get the care they need . "  This Medicare access problem is a real issue , not just a political football , " said Harmon , who said 35 percent of his patients were eligible for Medicare . "  It affects your dad when he 's sick . It affects my patients in my practice . This has to be addressed . " CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : House votes 383 to 41 to override President Bush 's veto NEW : Senate votes 70-26 to enact the law over Bush 's objections Medicare payment bill sent to Bush after Senate filibuster battle Bill would stop 10.6 percent cut in what Medicare pays doctors
CNN  A key Al-Shabaab operative , who was connected to the Westgate mall attack in Kenya , was killed recently by a U.S. drone strike , the Pentagon announced Wednesday . Adan Garar , a member of Al-Shabaab 's intelligence and security wing , was killed Thursday in southwestern Somalia as he traveled in a vehicle , according to Pentagon news release . Garar was responsible for "  coordinating the terror group 's external operations , which target U.S. persons and other Western interests in order to further al Qaeda 's goals and objectives , " the Pentagon said in the statement . In September , Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane was also killed in a U.S. airstrike near Barawe city . Al-Shabaab has been blamed and taken responsibility for attacks on city streets , at markets , at prisons and a U.N. compound in Mogadishu . It 's most high-profile attack came in 2013 at Nairobi 's upscale Westgate mall , when terrorists casually walked into the building , pulled out weapons and began gunning down shoppers . The gunmen were accused of torturing some hostages before killing them . As many as 67 people died in the siege .	Adan Garar , connected to the 2013 Westgate mall attack in Kenya , was riding in a vehicle that was struck from the air He was killed in southwestern Somalia , the U.S. military said
A lunar light show circled the globe Saturday , rewarding many moongazers with bright , crisp detail of the full moon 's craters and basins . Called a "  perigee " moon by scientists , the phenomenon occurs once a year . NASA said the moon appears about 14 % bigger and 30 % brighter than other full moons . See views of the moon from around the world That 's because it will be as close to Earth as it will get for a while -- just over 221,000 miles away . CNN iReporter Halldor Sigurdsson snapped the yellowish-ochre orb perched on the shoulder of a mountain overlooking Reykjavik , Iceland . "  The colors were spectacular , " wrote Sigurdsson , 47 . "  The weather here for viewing the moon rise could not have been better . " Residents of the mainland United States received similar conditions at 11:34 p.m. , ET , the peak of this year 's "  super moon . " The best time to see the event is just as the moon crosses Earth 's horizon . The moon always looks biggest then , although the reason why is a bit of a mystery . Viewing the moon behind buildings and trees creates an optical illusion so it appears even larger , making it a perfect time to try to grab some beautiful pictures . So why is this full moon so super ? As the moon makes its elliptical orbit around Earth , there are specific times when it is closest to and farthest away from our planet . Apogee occurs when the moon is farthest away from us , and perigee occurs when it is closest . Experts say viewers may not notice a noticeable size difference , given there are no reference points when the moon is high overhead . " ` Super moon ' is a situation when the moon is slightly closer to Earth in its orbit than on average , and this effect is most noticeable when it occurs at the same time as a full moon , " James Garvin , chief scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , said in 2011 . "  So , the moon may seem bigger although the difference in its distance from Earth is only a few percent at such times . " Share your big moon photos Among those staying up late Saturday was Beth Wade of Lake Wylie , South Carolina . She took "  test " photos of the moon Friday and early Saturday . "  I love nature , " said Wade , 31 , who has a corporate day job and an online vintage clothing shop . "  We live on the lake and I love taking photos of the sunset , so anything that is that beautiful , that natural and prominent is great to see . The super moon is a natural phenomenon , and that is what is so awesome about it . " Shari Neluka Atukorala , an iReporter in Kandy , Sri Lanka , said the moon "  was so bright that I could really see the markings on it quite close ... and yet so far . " Not everyone was wowed . Ben Jason Tesiorna , 41 , of Davao City , Philippines , took a photo of the moon peeking through clouds . ' I was actually expecting a much larger moon , considering scientists are calling it a super moon , " he said .	"  The colors were spectacular , " writes CNN iReporter in Iceland Mainland U.S. experienced perigee at 11:34 p.m. ET Full moon appears about 14 % bigger and 30 % brighter The moon was at perigee , about 221,802 miles away , late Saturday
CNN  -- The United States warned Saturday that China 's military claim to airspace over a disputed island chain creates the risk of "  misunderstanding and miscalculation . " The creation of an "  Air Defense Identification Zone " by China , which its top defense official described as an early-warning system , comes amid rising tensions between China and Japan over claims to the islands that are believed to have large oil reserves . "  This unilateral action constitutes an attempt to change the status quo in the East China Sea . Escalatory action will only increase tensions in the region and create risks of an incident , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said . " ... We have urged China to exercise caution and restraint , and we are consulting with Japan and other affected parties throughout the region . " The dispute over the islands -- known as the Senkaku Islands by Japan and the Diaoyu by China -- has strained relations between the two countries . The islands are close to strategically important shipping lanes and their legal owners would also have the right to the rich marine life in surrounding waters . Even as China 's Ministry of National Defense said the new air defense zone was not directed toward a specific country , it released a map and coordinates that shows the zone covers most of East China Sea , as well as the islands . "  This is a necessary measure taken by China in exercising its self-defense right , " Col. Yang Yujun said in remarks posted on the ministry website . "  It is not directed against any specific country or target . It does not affect the freedom of over-flight in the related airspace . " The Chinese defense ministry also said it began patrols of the zone on Saturday . Japan 's defense ministry said two Chinese planes came within miles of its airspace , prompting authorities to scramble Japanese fighter jets . It 's the second time this month that Japan has launched fighter jets , alleging Chinese planes appeared to be closing in on its air space . U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel called the move by China an attempt to destabilize the status quo in the region , and it "  increases the risk of misunderstanding and miscalculations . " "  This announcement by the People 's Republic of China will not in any way change how the United States conducts military operations in the region , " Hagel said . The disagreement over who owns the islands flared between the two countries in the latter half of 2012 . Protests erupted in China after Japan announced it had bought several of the disputed islands from private Japanese owners . The deal was struck in part to prevent the islands from being bought by Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara , who had called for donations for a public fund to buy them . China was outraged , as were protesters who marched through several Chinese cities calling for boycotts of Japanese products and urging the government to give the islands back . In December 2012 , the dispute escalated when Japan scrambled fighter jets after a Chinese plane was seen near the islands . A number of Chinese ships also have entered contested waters despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard . China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Taiwan , which Beijing regards as a breakaway province , also lays claim to the islands . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Tom Dunlavey contributed to this report .	China releases a map and coordinates that identify its "  Air Defense Identification Zone " The zone includes disputed islands -- known as Senkaku by Japan and Diaoyu by China China began air patrols over the zone on Saturday Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel called the move is an attempt to destabilize the status quo in the region
CNN  -- The Bahrain Grand Prix has been reinstated to the 2011 Formula One calendar after unrest in the Gulf kingdom forced its cancellation earlier in the year , officials announced Friday . The race , which had been scheduled to be the opening race of the elite motorsport season on March 13 , was canceled in February . The Bahraini crown prince informed F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone of the decision by telephone after days of violent clashes . Australia subsequently hosted the opening event two weeks later than scheduled . The race in Bahrain is now scheduled for October 28-30 , meaning that the inaugural Indian Grand Prix will be shifted from that date to become the final race of the season after Brazil  November 25-27  . The Indian event will now take place on December 9-11 , according to the official F1 web site . Should F1 take the risk of racing in Bahrain ? "  This is welcome news for all of Bahrain , " chairman of the host circuit Zayed R. Alzayani said in a statement Friday . "  As a country we have faced a difficult time , but stability has returned ; with businesses operating close to normal , the State of National Safety lifted and countries removing travel restrictions . "  Collectively , we are in the process of addressing issues of national and international concern , and learning lessons from the recent past . By the time the Grand Prix arrives we will be able to remind the world about Bahrain at its best . " Alzayani said the race "  attracts 100,000 visitors , supports 3,000 jobs and generates around $ 500 million of economic benefit . Its positive effect will be felt throughout the country . " Ecclestone 's Formula One Management and motorsport 's world governing body , the FIA , confirmed the announcement on Friday . FIA president Jean Todt and vice-president Carlos Garcia visited Bahrain on Tuesday to assess the situation , meeting government and motor racing officials as well as as other national and international organizations including the National Institute of Human Rights . "  It should be noted that the recent announcement by the King of Bahrain has established a political dialogue and reconciliation process , " the FIA said in a statement on its web site . "  After considering all the factors and taking into consideration all stakeholders ' concerns , the World Motor Sport Council  WMSC  unanimously agreed to reinstate the Bahrain Grand Prix . " However , the news has been cautiously received by leading team Red Bull , which won both driver and manufacturer world titles last season and is again on top in 2011 with Sebastian Vettel a dominant force on the grid . "  Red Bull Racing has acknowledged the FIA World Motor Sport Council 's decision to go ahead with the 2011 Bahrain Grand Prix , " the Britain-based Austrian team said in a statement . "  We will go through the correct channels and discuss this decision within the appropriate forum with the other F1 teams and our fellow FOTA members . " Red Bull has been targeted by activist group Avaaz , which launched an online petition asking the team and the 11 others in F1 to boycott Bahrain . "  Formula One 's decision is a kick in the teeth for the Bahraini people , " campaign director Alex Wilks said in quotes reported by the UK Press Association , which said former F1 world champion Damon Hill was among the 340,000-plus signatories . The Bahrain Center for Human Rights also expressed its anger at the FIA 's decision , and warned that there would be further protests on the day of the race . "  They have taken the decision on the day two people were buried today : one woman who died from shock from a sound bomb , and one man who died today after being attacked in March , " its president Nabeel Rajab told CNN . "  That F1 took this decision without thinking about the human rights in this country , this shows to many organizations that their interests have more value to them than humanity . "  From our side we will see how on that day we will get the whole world to know what is happening here . Already there are pages on Facebook calling it  the day of the grand prix  a Day of Rage . "  I will urge all the drivers , journalists , everyone , to stay in solidarity with us by not going to this event . This will be the sport of the oppressor 's regime . A huge number of the staff of F1 Bahrain has been detained , jailed and tortured . None of this is reported . " On Wednesday , Bahrain lifted the state of emergency laws that had facilitated the restriction of political leaders and journalists , but at the same time the government continued its crackdown on the country 's major Shiite political opposition movement and stifled the latest street protests . It filed charges against four top opposition leaders in a move that could weaken the country 's Al Wefaq party , according to two opposition sources . This came as King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa appealed for dialogue , saying that talks with opposition groups are scheduled to begin in July . The lifting of the emergency laws , imposed in mid-March , is thought to be an effort to signal an end to months of civil unrest stemming from the Arab Spring , a wave of anti-government demonstrations that started in Tunisia and have since roiled several countries in the Middle East and North Africa , including Egypt , Syria , Yemen and Bahrain . But the announcement by the country 's Information Affairs Authority followed one from the justice ministry the day before warning against "  any type of activities that could affect the security or harm the national peace and safety . " Still , Alzayani on Friday said : "  The Bahrain Grand Prix has always been a source of national pride and it is an event than transcends politics . Not only does it receive strong support from the Government , but also from all major parties in Bahrain , including our largest opposition group , Al Wefaq , who yesterday endorsed both the BIC and motor-racing in Bahrain . "	Race , scheduled to launch the F1 season , was canceled in February over unrest F1 officials visited kingdom before Bahrain lifted emergency laws Wednesday Motorsport 's ruling body confirms the reinstatement of the grand prix The Sunni royal leadership continues to crack down on Shiite opponents
CNN  -- Mauricio Funes was inaugurated Monday as El Salvador 's president , promising to work for the nation 's poor and disadvantaged . El Salvador 's new president , Mauricio Funes , takes power Monday after his inauguration in San Salvador . Funes , elected March 15 , is a member of a political party that waged guerrilla war against the government 17 years ago . He is El Salvador 's first leftist president . "  The Salvadoran public asked for a change , and that change begins now , " Funes said in an inauguration speech before an audience that included Latin American leaders and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Funes , a member of the FMLN party , won a narrow victory over the ARENA party 's Rodrigo Avila . Funes ' victory ended a 20-year hold on the presidency by the right-leaning ARENA . With Funes ' win , El Salvador joined other Latin American countries that have elected leftist leaders in recent years -- Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua , Argentina , Honduras , Guatemala , Ecuador and Brazil . The FMLN , which is the Spanish acronym for the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front , was formed in 1980 as an umbrella group for five leftist guerilla organizations fighting a U.S.-backed military dictatorship . The guerrillas and the government signed a peace pact in 1992 , and the FMLN became a legitimate political party . By some estimates , 75,000 Salvadorans died during the war . The new president will find "  a country that still retains a lot of bitterness , a lot of division , " Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue policy institute , said before the election . "  This country is completely divided , " ARENA party official Adolfo Torres said on CNN affiliate TCS TV on election night . Funes acknowledged that division Monday , promising to "  create a country without hate and without resentment . " He also seemed to acknowledge the difficulties ahead , saying , "  We do n't have the right to make mistakes . " Despite a dire economy , Funes promised an ambitious social program that would include construction of 11,000 homes , scholarships for children ages 6 to 18 and improvement in delivery of water , electricity and sanitary services to 32 poor municipalities . He may be hard-pressed to follow through , some analysts said . "  Once Funes assumes office on 1 June , his government will face major challenges to boost the economy , cut government expenditures to trim the fiscal deficit and maintain support to the poor , who are being hit hardest by the economic downturn , " analyst Heather Berkman wrote in a report last week for the Eurasia Group consulting firm . "  Cutting expenditures and reducing the deficit will be the most important challenges , " Berkman wrote , adding that to "  do this , the Funes administration plans to cut government spending and eliminate redundant presidential commissions ; retarget propane subsidies  and perhaps eventually eliminate them  ; and propose a number of new taxes on alcoholic beverages , tobacco and new vehicles . " Funes campaigned on a platform of fiscal reform that aims to increase the government 's tax take incrementally , Berkman said . Funes did not offer any details Monday , speaking instead in general terms of the El Salvador he would like to see under his five-year administration . He will not , Funes said , "  govern for a few or be complacent to corruption . " Funes , a former freelance journalist for CNN en Español , noted in particular that his administration will fight organized crime and narcotraffickers . "  In this government , " he said , "  those who have merit will be compensated and those who are guilty will be punished . "	Mauricio Funes is inaugurated as El Salvador 's president Funes of the FMLN party is El Salvador 's first leftist president Funes ' political party waged guerrilla war against government till early '90s Secretary of State Hillary Clinton among dignitaries at inauguration
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday that the controversial tactic that allowed illegal guns to be smuggled to Mexico "  should never have happened , and it must never happen again . " In testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee , Holder hit hard at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives practice that has tainted his tenure at the Justice Department and led to some Republican calls for him to resign . "  I want to be clear : Any instance of so-called ` gun walking ' is unacceptable , " Holder said of weapons smuggling , later adding : "  This operation was flawed in its concept , and flawed in its execution . " Holder acknowledged what critics have been saying about the long-term consequences of "  gun walking . " "  Unfortunately we will feel its effects for years to come , as guns that were lost during this operation continue to show up at crime scenes both here and in Mexico , " Holder said . "  We are losing the battle to stop the flow of illegal guns to Mexico . " Holder defended his own actions , reminding the panel he called for the inspector general to examine the so-called Operation Fast and Furious and issued a directive that "  gun-alking " was illegal and should never be repeated . The resulting report may be concluded before the end of the year . However , Holder stopped short of laying blame for the flawed operation . Last week , his assistant attorney general , Lanny Breuer , expressed "  regret " for his failure to alert Holder about a similar earlier operation called "  Wide Receiver " which had employed similar ATF "  gun-walking " tactics during the Bush administration . At the hearing Tuesday , Republican Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa said , "  It does n't matter how many laws we pass if those responsible for enforcing them refuse to do their duty -- as was the case in Fast and Furious . " Grassley pressed Holder at the hearing about who had leaked a sensitive document to the press regarding a whistle-blower who had come forward with allegations of gun-walking . Grassley asked who was being held accountable . Holder refused to answer , but several hours later Grassley said Justice had provided him a document in a classified setting . Grassley revealed that former U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke , who resigned from his post , had leaked the document to the press . Still , the senator said , he is not satisfied . "  The Justice Department should not be allowed to continue to scapegoating the one person who has resigned , " Grassley said , promising to pursue the matter further . Despite the disagreements , Holder pressed for congressional cooperation . He made a plea to the committee for strengthening the authority of the ATF to detect and disrupt illegal gun trafficking , and urged full funding for the ATF to combat gun-running . He added : "  I am determined to ensure that our shared concerns about Operation Fast and Furious lead to more than headline-grabbing Washington ` gotcha ' games and cynical political point scoring , " Holder concluded . Holder has the support of Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , chairman of the committee , who opened the hearing by reciting successes by the Justice Department under Holder 's leadership . On Monday , Leahy tried to lower the heat on Holder by raising it on the Bush administration for Operation Wide Receiver . In a letter to the Justice Department inspector general , the senator asked whether the current investigation also will cover the Bush-era supervision of the ATF in 2006 when , he said , "  hundreds of weapons apparently moved beyond the custody and control of the ATF and possibly into Mexico and Arizona . " Leahy said that then-Attorney General Michael Mukasey may have been briefed in the case in 2007 . Holder faces what is likely to be a much more hostile environment next month when he testifies before a House panel , where Republican Darrell Issa , R-California , will wield the gavel and control the questioning . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	DoJ officials took months to correct "  misleading " info , Sen. Charles Grassley says "  We are losing the battle to stop the flow of illegal guns to Mexico , " Holder says Attorney general says "  gun-walking " tactics "  must never happen again " Republican critic says existing gun control laws were n't enforced
CNN  -- English club Birmingham City have released a statement to explain why co-owner and managing director were interviewed by police in a corruption probe . Birmingham co-owner David Sullivan was interviewed by police on Wednesday night . The Premier League outfit temporarily suspended share trading on the London Stock Exchange on Thursday morning after David Sullivan -- who owns the club with David and Ralph Gold -- was questioned and bailed by officers from City of London 's economic crime unit along with MD Karren Brady . The club released a statement on Thursday afternoon to "  clarify the situation " before trading resumed at 1300 GMT . "  The City of London Police investigation is focusing on payments to a football agent and two players dating back to 2002-03 , " it said . "  There is absolutely no allegation that any director of the company or the club itself has benefited financially from any of this activity . "  In so far as there may be any implications for the company , these are not considered material to its financial affairs and they are in relation to the payment , or possible non payment of PAYE and National Insurance contributions . The club and its directors are co-operating fully with the police in this investigation and will continue to do so . " Birmingham was raided by the unit last month as part of an ongoing investigation into corruption in English football . The club said at the time that the inquiries related to an unrelated third party . Birmingham released a statement on Wednesday night confirming that Sullivan and Brady "  willingly attended " the interviews "  by long-standing appointment . " "  Birmingham City Football Club is fully committed to helping the police with their inquiries , " read a statement on the club 's Web site . Police confirmed that they questioned a 59-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud and false accounting and that they were released on bail , the UK Press Association reported on Thursday . A London Stock Exchange statement read : "  At the request of the company trading on Aim for the under-mentioned securities has been temporarily suspended from 7.30 a.m. , pending an announcement . " Shares in the company had been selling for 35.5 p until the announcement half an hour before the start of trading , PA reported . Sullivan , 59 , was in 2004 named Britain 's 68th richest man by the Sunday Times , with assets of more than $ 1 billion . He made his fortune through pornography and newspapers . Brady , 39 , became Britain 's youngest managing director when Birmingham floated on the stock market in 1997 and is married to professional footballer Paul Peschisolido . She is also non-executive director of Channel 4 , Mothercare and Sport England . PA reported that she made no comment as she left her home in Knowle , Solihull , shortly before 8 a.m. today . Dressed in a dark suit , Brady left the gated property at the wheel of a black 4x4 Porsche . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Birmingham say police investigation involves agent and two footballers Club temporarily suspend shares amid corruption probe by the English police Co-owner David Sullivan and managing director Karren Brady both interviewed Police raided City in March as part of investigation into corruption in football
CNN  -- The roof of a shopping mall collapsed in Latvia 's capital on Thursday evening , killing four people and trapping dozens of others , officials in the Baltic country said Thursday . The country 's national news agency LETA , citing a government official , reported there were four deaths . A toddler was among the injured at the Maxima shopping mall , located on Priedaines Street in western Riga 's Zolitude neighborhood , according to LETA . Riga Mayor Nils Usakovs told CNN that authorities think as many as 30 people may be trapped in the building . He said it appeared building materials stored on the roof caused the roof to collapse . At least 13 fire brigades , a large number of ambulances and the city 's mayor arrived at the scene , LETA reported . Deadly South Africa building collapse investigated	Roof of mall in western Riga collapses , Latvian news agency says Deaths are reported Mayor says perhaps 30 people are trapped
Rollingstone.com  -- In an interview with BBC 6 Music , Beach Boys mastermind Brian Wilson hinted that the group may reunite in the studio to celebrate their 50th anniversary . "  I 'm considering it , " he said . According to Wilson , nothing is holding him back aside from a reluctance to reconnect with his old partners . "  I just do n't know if I want to be around those guys , you know ? They 're zany guys . They 're crazy . " Wilson has not collaborated with his former bandmates since he co-produced "  Stars and Stripes Volume One , " a 1996 album featuring country versions of their hit songs . Photos : The Greatest Momagers and Dadagers in the Business Though it remains to be seen whether or not Wilson will record new material with the band , the Beach Boys will be coming together to put the finishing touches on "  Smile , " the band 's never-released follow-up to their 1966 masterwork "  Pet Sounds . " The group will be offering input on the album 's track listing , which was never firmly established as the record was never completed as originally planned . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Wilson hinted that the group may reunite in the studio to celebrate their 50th anniversary The Beach Boys will be coming together to put the finishing touches on "  Smile " "  Smile " is the band 's never-released follow-up to their 1966 masterwork "  Pet Sounds "
CNN  -- Dennis Rodman 's latest round of controversial "  basketball diplomacy " in a country ruled by one of the world 's most repressive regimes is about to begin . The former NBA star and a documentary crew are due to fly Thursday afternoon from China to North Korea , where he is to spend four days helping train a team of North Korean basketball players for a January exhibition in Pyongyang . That January 8 exhibition -- said to be against a yet-unannounced team of former NBA players -- will celebrate the birthday of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , whom Rodman has called a friend and a "  very good guy " despite international condemnation of the country 's human rights records . Rodman 's trip -- sponsored by the online betting company Paddy Power -- is the 52-year-old 's third to North Korea . North Korea : Reality vs. the world according to Dennis Rodman Rodman said he struck a friendship with Kim , a basketball fan , during Rodman 's first trip in February . After the two men sat next to each other watching a basketball exhibition in North Korea 's capital , Rodman told Kim that "  you have a friend for life . " Rory Scott , a Paddy Power spokesman , said earlier this month that December 's trip is nonpolitical , but is intended "  to prove once again that sport has the power to rise above all issues . " It 's not clear whether Rodman will meet with Kim during the basketball training visit . The trip comes at a time of political turmoil in the secretive nuclear-armed nation , ongoing tensions between North Korea and the United States and outcries over North Korea 's human rights record . Tensions in the region were ratcheted up as North Korea carried out a long-range rocket launch a year ago and an underground nuclear test , its third so far , in February . The U.N. sanctions that followed were met by a barrage of threatening rhetoric from Pyongyang . Rodman was criticized over his first trip in part because it came during this period , in which North Korea was threatening missile strikes on the United States , South Korea and Japan . The situation has calmed since . But in a sign of internal political upheaval , North Korea announced last week that the regime had executed Kim 's uncle , Jang Song Thaek , who had been regarded as the country 's second-most powerful figure . North Korea 's official news agency accused him of trying to overthrow the state . Rodman is "  really important " to the North Korean regime , said North Korea expert and Forbes.com columnist Gordon Chang . "  Got to remember that Kim Jong Un needs to show that his regime , his government , is united , which it is n't , " said Chang , author of "  Nuclear Showdown : North Korea Takes On the World . " "  With Dennis Rodman , we 're going to see a lot of made-for-television events . Everybody 's going to be smiling , everything will appear normal , and this will bolster the regime , " Chang told CNN Newsroom on Wednesday . CNN Exclusive : The Pyongyang Big Bang ? ` It is not my job to talk about ' detained American The United States has other points of contention with North Korea , including the detention of Korean-American Kenneth Bae . Bae , arrested in North Korea in November 2012 , was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor after he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government through religious activities . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korean officials to release Bae , widely reported to be a Christian missionary , on humanitarian grounds . His family has said he suffers from chronic health conditions that require doctors ' care . Is Dennis Rodman smart on North Korea ? Earlier this year , Rodman made no secret about his desire to help Bae . He tweeted that he wanted Kim to "  do him a solid " by freeing the American prisoner . But after his second trip to see Kim in September , Rodman told reporters that it was "  not my job to talk about Kenneth Bae . " "  Ask Obama about that , ask Hillary Clinton about that , " Rodman said . "  Ask those -- holes . " Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , told CNN on Wednesday that she wants Rodman to press for her brother 's freedom . "  I would certainly hope and plead with Mr. Rodman to reconsider and ... make the case " for Bae 's freedom , she said . Rodman , the tattooed and pierced NBA retiree , has emphasized that he 's not an official diplomat between the United States and North Korea . "  It 's about trying to open Obama 's and everyone 's minds , " he said in September while announcing the January exhibition , aiming some of his remarks at the U.S. president . "  You do n't have to talk about politics . ... Meet him or even give him a call . That 's all he wants . " Paddy Power has said Rodman 's team of former NBA players would be announced sometime this month.o North Korea frees U.S. veteran CNN 's Steve Forrest , Holly Yan , Jethro Mullen , Josh Levs and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report	Rodman to help prepare North Korean basketball players for upcoming exhibition Rodman is important to North Korea 's attempts to project unity , columnist Gordon Chang says Sister of Kenneth Bae calls on Rodman to press for detainee 's release
New York  CNN  -- Forty-two years after a police raid sparked rioting and perhaps the birth of the American gay rights movement , New Yorkers rejoiced at their city 's annual pride parade Sunday in celebration of same-sex couples ' newly-acquired right to wed. . The parade , or march , meandered along Manhattan 's Fifth Avenue and passed in front of the famous Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village , where the rioting took place in 1969 . Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed a bill into law on Friday that made New York the sixth state to legalize same-sex marriage , more than doubling the number of Americans living in states that permit such unions . The measure will take effect 30 days after it was signed , on July 24 , providing same-sex couples with a slew of new rights that include employer health benefits , easier inheritance and a host of state tax breaks . Federal recognition , however , was not a part of Friday 's vote , leaving benefits like Social Security and ease of immigration largely out of reach for same-sex couples . Marching with supporters on Sunday , Cuomo told reporters that the country looks to New York as a guide for many of its progressive politics . "  The point of civil rights laws is to protect everybody -- both the people who look like us or who we relate to and the people who do n't , " said Suzanne Goldberg , a professor at New York 's Columbia Law School . "  The point of a parade that celebrates gay pride is to make room for all people who identify themselves as gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender . " The controversial bill passed a Republican-controlled Senate before reaching Cuomo 's desk , in an extended legislative session that left many skeptical over whether lawmakers would bring the measure to a vote . Its passage also sparked sharp criticism from opposition lawmakers , who warned of potential lawsuits against religious institutions -- a question that delayed deliberations and ultimately resulted in an amendment to the bill to protect religious groups from litigation . Religious leaders also cautioned against the wider implications of redefining the legal parameters of marriage . "  We worry that both marriage and the family will be undermined by this tragic presumption of government in passing this legislation that attempts to redefine these cornerstones of civilization , " the state 's Catholic bishops said in a joint statement released late Friday . It was signed by Archbishop Timothy M. Dolan and seven other bishops . Asked what his message was for the gay community , Dolan said Sunday morning , "  I tell the gay community I love you very much , and every single morning when I say my prayers , I pray for  the  health and happiness of everyone in New York . "  I 'm very sorry that our opponents succeeded in reducing this to anti-gay sentiment , " he said . "  It 's not . It 's pro-marriage , it 's not anti-gay . " But , he said , there was "  sadness and disappointment " when the bill passed . "  We as Catholics would oppose any attempt by anybody to redefine marriage , " Dolan said . "  We do n't believe marriage can be changed or radically altered to accommodate any lifestyle . If anything I 've said would lead you to believe I have nothing but love and respect , then I apologize . " The bill passed by a narrow 33-29 vote -- a first for a GOP-led state Senate . Meanwhile , those in attendance for Sunday 's parade were largely one-sided in their perspective . "  I think it 's better because there should be equality , " said Katie Worral , 17 , who was visiting New York from Liverpool , England . "  At the end of the day , we 're all human beings . " "  I think it 's awesome , " said Robin Rosser , 49 , who traveled to New York from Union , New Jersey , for the parade . "  This is number six and there will be many more to come . " "  It 's a total breakthrough , " said Kathryn Flowers , 22 , of Queens , New York , who stood beside her partner as they cheered on marchers . "  There 's so many people who have been together for years . It 's about time they get married . " Asked whether she and her partner will marry , Flowers said , "  Anything 's possible now . " Others traveled from abroad to attend Sunday 's events . "  This is hugely important , " said Jorge Perez , 44 , who traveled from Costa Rica specifically to watch the city 's annual parade . "  It 's good to see a big state like New York finally get this sort of thing into law . " Whether or not Friday 's vote reflects new momentum and the national model that Cuomo projects , it seemed that many still had a lot to cheer about during the city 's annual parade . CNN 's Miguel Susana contributed to this report .	Archbishop says his opposition to the bill is "  pro-marriage , " not "  anti-gay " Some travel from abroad specifically for the parade The parade is a celebration of the legalization of same-sex marriage New York is the sixth such state to allow such unions
The third and final debate between Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott and Democratic challenger Charlie Crist was dominated by personal attacks in one of the closest governors races in the country . In the debate , hosted by CNN and affiliate WJXT in Jacksonville , the two candidates took aim at each other in a showdown that covered a wide range of topics , including economic policies , the death penalty , and voting rights for felons . Death penalty A heated moment came when Crist accused Scott of delaying an execution so that his attorney general could attend a political fundraiser . "  She asked me to delay it because it did n't work on the dates that she thought it was going to be on , " Scott said in response . "  She apologized . " In September 2013 , Pam Bondi apologized for delaying the planned execution of Marshall Lee Gore , a notorious rapist and murderer , because it conflicted with a fundraiser . Scott denied at the time that he knew the reason for the delay . "  Did you know it was for a political fundraiser ? " Crist pressed . "  What would you like her to do ? " Scott asked . Crist went on to blast Scott for not answering questions . No fangate repeat The night got off to a breezy start , this time with no fan on stage for Crist and no protest from Scott . "  Everybody 's comfortable here ? " asked CNN 's Jake Tapper , who co-moderated the debate with WJXT 's Kent Justice . His question was a subtle reference to last week 's seven minute standoff . The debate quickly transitioned into a testy exchange with personal attacks over wealth . Scott blamed Crist for the loss of more than 800,000 jobs while he was governor from 2007-2011 , saying Crist is out of touch with average Florida voters because he grew up with wealth . "  I grew up with families that struggled . I do n't know my natural father . I lived in public housing . I have an adopted dad , " Scott said . "  I did n't grow up with money . You did . You grew up with plenty of money . Charlie , you lost more jobs than any state but one . " Hammering back , Crist argued he was not responsible for the "  economic meltdown " that occurred nationally during his tenure . He returned the attack against wealth , blasting Scott for being the one who 's out of touch . "  You do n't know me and you ca n't tell my story , " Crist said . "  But I know you are worth about $ 100 million or $ 200 million today and God bless you for that wealth , but the way you got it was pretty unsavory . " Scott , a former health care CEO , ran into controversy when his company , Columbia/HCA , was fined $ 1.7 billion for alleged Medicare fraud last decade . Restoring rights for felons Scott took a jab at Crist for bringing voting rights back to felons who had completed their sentences for nonviolent convictions . "  Here is Charlie 's plan : You commit a heinous crime , as soon as you get out of jail , you get to vote . Stalk , you get to vote . You have intentional permanent disfigurement of a child and you walk out of jail and you get to vote , " Scott said . Crist fired back , accusing Scott of "  lying " and saying the restoration law only applied to nonviolent criminals . Minimum wage Asked whether Scott supports the idea of a minimum wage , the governor appeared unclear as to how exactly that policy would take place . "  Sure , " he said . Pressed on what the minimum wage should be , Scott added : "  How would I know -- I mean , the private sector decides wages . " He went on to deflect and attack Crist on the loss of jobs during his governorship , calling him a "  zero-wage governor . " Asked to clarify if he supports the idea of the government setting a minimum wage , Scott answered : "  Just because they set a minimum wage does n't mean you get a job . " Crist , who supports raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 , said he still stands by it , saying people "  deserve " a higher wage even if it means some companies might have to lay people off as a consequence . Ebola Tapper asked Crist how he would rate , on a scale of 1-10 , President Obama 's handling of the Ebola virus in the United States . "  I 'd probably give him an eight . I think we had a little bit of a slow start , and I think everybody kinda recognizes that . But I think they 've really caught their stride , " said Crist . Asked if Scott feels confident that an Ebola patient could be treated in Florida , Scott said , "  absolutely . " One of the nurses who contracted Ebola flew on a plane earlier this month the day after she went to the hospital with symptoms . The plane first stopped in Dallas , where she de-boarded , then flew to Ft. Lauderdale in Florida . Scott 's administration pressed the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to contact the passengers who flew on the Dallas to Ft. Lauderdale flight . He 's also repurposing $ 7 million in federal grant money to spend on Ebola prevention efforts , and he ordered the Florida National Guard to set up two rapid response teams in case Ebola is diagnosed in the state .	Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott and Democratic challenger Charlie Crist debated Tuesday night The debate quickly became personal Crist to Scott : "  You do n't know me and you ca n't tell my story "
CNN  -- China 's Li Na recovered from 5-0 down in the opening set to defeat third seed Kim Clijsters 7-6 6-3 in the final of the Sydney International tournament on Friday . World number three Clijsters looked destined to power through the first set , after taking just 19 minutes to open up her advantage , only for eighth seed Li to fight back to eventually win it 7-3 in the tie-break . Clijsters , 27 , had won four of her previous five meetings with Li , but the world number 11 secured the second set to win her first WTA Tour title since June 2010 . "  She 's definitely a player who has every quality to win a grand slam , " Clijsters said of her opponent , a semifinalist at last year 's Australian Open , on the WTA 's website . "  She 's a contender who probably is n't being focused on enough . Mentally she maybe gets a little bit nervous in big matches , but she can beat any top player out there when she 's playing her best . " U.S. Open champion Clijsters would have moved up to second in the world rankings with a win , and the Belgian admitted she was not on top form at Sydney Olympic Park . "  I was n't serving great ... gradually you just try to fight , but then it becomes frustrating when you know you 're not playing your best . " In the men 's draw , Serbia 's Viktor Troicki is set to meet Gilles Simon of France in Saturday 's final after a 6-4 7-6  7-4  triumph over Florian Mayer . Despite his win , fourth seed Troicki explained how he had struggled with the weather conditions . The Australian Open should be in February ! "  I would say the match was pretty bad , " the world number 30 told the tournament 's website . "  It was quite windy . We were both struggling with our games . I was n't so happy with my performance , but still I 'm happy that I won . There was a lot mistakes from both sides . " Simon progressed at the expense of Latvian third seed Ernests Gulbis with a 7-6  7-1  6-0 win in 73 minutes . Elsewhere , Australia 's Jarmila Groth beat her doubles partner , Czech fifth seed Klara Zakopalova , 6-3 6-2 to progress into the final of the Hobart International tournament . It will be sixth seed Groth 's first title match on home soil and she will face America 's Bethanie Mattek-Sands , who disposed of China 's Peng Shuai 4-6 6-1 6-1 to reach her first WTA Tour final .	Li Na beats world No. 3 Kim Clijsters 7-6 6-3 in the final of the Sydney International Li recovers from going 5-0 down in 19 minutes to win the first set on a tie-break Fourth seed Viktor Troicki and Gilles Simon will go head-to-head in the men 's final Jarmila Groth and Bethanie Mattek-Sands will contest the Hobart International final
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The notorious Iraq prison once called Abu Ghraib has reopened under Iraqi government control . And the Ministry of Justice has launched a public-relations campaign to show it has changed since the days when prisoners were tortured there -- first under Saddam Hussein , and later by American troops . The Iraqi Ministry of Justice gave journalists an inside look at the prison formerly known as Abu Ghraib . It is now called Baghdad Central Prison , and has water fountains , a freshly planted garden and a gym -- complete with weights and sports teams ' jerseys on the walls . Under Saddam Hussein , tens of thousands of Iraqis were thrown behind bars here . There were horrific stories of torture , abuse , execution without trial . In 2004 , the prison was once again thrown into the international spotlight , this time because of abuse by U.S. troops . Watch how the prison has been revamped " Detainees were photographed in degrading positions , as Americans posed next to them smiling . The images -- naked prisoners stacked on top of each other , or being threatened by dogs , or hooded and wired up as if for electrocution -- caused outrage around the world when they were leaked to the news media in May 2004 . Brig. Gen. Janis Karpinski , commander of the Abu Ghraib prison at the time , was demoted in rank to colonel because of the scandal . Seven low-ranking guards and two military intelligence soldiers -- described by then-U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld as "  bad apples " -- were disciplined after the scandal surfaced . Rumsfeld later said the day the scandal broke was the worst in his tenure as defense secretary . "  Clearly the worst day was Abu Ghraib , and seeing what went on there and feeling so deeply sorry that that happened , " Rumsfeld said shortly before leaving office at the end of 2006 . "  I remember being stunned by the news of the abuse . " The United States always denied it was a matter of policy to torture detainees . But it shut down Abu Ghraib in September 2006 and turned the facility over to the Iraqis . They have revamped and reopened it . Rooms have been transformed and renovated . CNN was told , but not shown , that a few hundred prisoners are here already , in a revamped part of the facility that can hold up to 3,000 prisoners . The capacity is critical to help deal with overcrowding at Iraq 's other facilities and the potential security threat . The Iraqi government is going to great lengths to try to change the image this facility has . It organized a tour for journalists , very carefully orchestrated by the Ministry of Justice . Murtada Sharif , the only Ministry of Justice official to speak to CNN on camera about the prison , admitted Abu Ghraib is synonymous in people 's minds with the inhumane acts that took place there both before and after the fall of Saddam in 2003 . "  We want to change its image , to make it a place of justice , " he said . A wing that used to hold a thousand prisoners In Saddam Hussein 's time now is ready for 160 . Cells that used to hold between 30 and 50 people now have a capacity of eight . Prisoners and their families actually get to see each other -- the prisoners behind a cage-like structure , the families on the other side of the fence , in a courtyard with a playground for the children . Again , it is part of the whole effort to create a different atmosphere . But human rights organizations in Iraq say abuse and torture remain routine in Iraq 's detention facilities . Changing Abu Ghraib 's infamous reputation may take more than fresh paint and fake flowers .	Abu Ghraib is now Baghdad Central Prison , with a garden and a gym In 2004 , photos of prisoners being humiliated by American guards were published Ministry of Justice trying to show that the prison , now under Iraqi control , has changed
London , England  CNN  -- Police in Gambia have seized a record haul of Europe-bound cocaine worth hundreds of millions of dollars , a statement from British authorities said Wednesday . The 2,100 kilograms  4,630 pounds  of cocaine has a street value potentially worth many times higher since it is often diluted with cutting agents . "  It is highly likely a large proportion of these drugs would have found their way onto the streets of Europe and the U.K. , " said Neil Giles , deputy director for the Serious Organized Crime Agency  SOCA  , Britain 's version of the FBI . "  Taking this cocaine , and the profits that it would have generated , out of the hands of criminals is a major blow to their operations , " he said . Gambian police arrested 12 suspects including a citizen of the Netherlands and Venezuelan employees of a Gambian-based fishing company and confiscated arms and cash from suspected warehouses . British agents were called in to help with forensic investigations which led authorities to a hidden room stashed with cocaine that originated in Latin America , SOCA said . The bust -- the largest ever single seizure of cocaine in West Africa -- occurred last Friday in the capital of Banjul , according to SOCA . In recent years , Colombian and Mexican drug cartels have crossed the Atlantic Ocean and expanded into West Africa , working in tandem with local criminal gangs to carve out a staging area for an assault on the lucrative European market . Officials with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency say that not one West African country has been left untainted by drugs . Africa 's Gold Coast is sometimes referred to now as the "  Coke Coast . " A driving force has been an expanding European market for cocaine , while use in the United States has declined from its peak in the 1980s , the U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime said in its 2009 annual report . Criminals traffic about 250 tons of drugs to Europe each year , though not all of it makes it there , according to the United Nations . The European market totals about $ 11 billion . It 's estimated that 27 percent of the cocaine that entered Europe in 2006 came from Africa . "  It has long been feared that cocaine traffickers might seek to exploit Gambia and other countries in the region as warehousing locations for drugs en route from South America to Europe , " Giles said . He called the seizure "  highly significant " because it showed the commitment of Gambian authorities to crack down . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Cocaine bust largest ever in West Africa , SOCA says Latin American cocaine was bound for Europe Latin drug cartels have been active across the Atlantic Europe has expanding market for cocaine
Bartilla , Iraq  CNN  -- On a dusty street corner in the Christian enclave of Bartilla , Iraq , Yousuf and his friends try to pretend that things are normal . They smoke , play dominoes and act like ISIS fighters are n't potentially just moments away from killing them . Bartilla is near Mosul , the first city to fall to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , an al Qaeda splinter group also known by its acronym ISIS . "  We have all our bags ready . If anything happens , we will leave , " said Yousuf . Others are determined to stay . "  I might be the only girl left here . Everyone will go , but I will stay , " said Mariana , 22 , who spoke to CNN as she sat outside a church . "  I wo n't leave my country . " ` There wo n't be an Iraqi left ' Religious minorities , such as Christians and Yazidis , make up less than 5 % of Iraq 's population . Since 2003 , attacks against these minorities by insurgents and religious extremists have driven more than half of the minorities out of the country , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Those that remained sometimes took security into their own hands . After a series of attacks against churches in Baghdad in 2005 , young men in Bartilla formed civilian defense units . Their efforts have intensified in recent weeks as militants have drawn near . The men wo n't let CNN film their checkpoints , or other defenses -- not with ISIS just a 10-minute drive away . Umm Shakir 's brother and sister were killed in an explosion in Baghdad in 2008 . She points at her son . "  Everyday he pulls a 12-hour guard duty , " she says . "  It 's very hard . If it stays like this , there wo n't be an Iraqi left in the country . " ` This evil ca n't continue ' Comprising mostly Sunni Muslims , ISIS wants to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , that would stretch from Iraq into northern Syria . Since launching their offensive in Iraq , the group claims to have killed at least 1,700 Shiites . Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis have fled , prompting fears of a brewing humanitarian crisis . Most shops in Bartilla are closed . Their owners have either left or do n't bother opening . Business is down ; power is out . But Father Binham Lallou proudly points to the new renovations at his church -- the granite archways , the floor he always wanted to build . He remembers coming to the church as a boy . "  What are we supposed to do ? " he wonders out loud . "  This is our land , our church that our ancestors built . This evil ca n't continue . A day will come when people will come to their senses . " Source : Chorus grows that al-Maliki has to go for Iraq 's sake Opinion : How struggle in the heartland of Islam may redraw borders CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Religious minorities make up less than 5 % of Iraq 's population Attacks have reportedly driven more than half of the minorities out since 2003 "  A day will come when people will come to their senses , " says one man
CNN  -- Randy Pausch , the professor whose "  last lecture " became a runaway phenomenon on the Internet and was turned into a best-selling book , died Friday of pancreatic cancer , Carnegie Mellon University announced on its Web site . Randy Pausch emphasized the joy of life in his "  last lecture , " originally given in September 2007 . Pausch , 47 , a computer science professor , delivered the lecture , "  Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams , " at Carnegie Mellon in September 2007 , a month after being told he had three to six months to live because his cancer had returned . The lanky , energetic Pausch talked about goals he had accomplished , like experiencing zero gravity and creating Disney attractions , and those he had not , including becoming a professional football player . He used rejections he was handed when he applied for jobs at Disney to comment on the importance of persistence . "  The brick walls are there for a reason ... to show us how badly we want something , " he said . "  Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who do n't want it badly enough . They 're there to stop the other people . " Watch what Pausch did for his wife " Starting with a joke about "  a deathbed conversion " -- "  I just bought a Macintosh " computer -- the educator went on to say that one of his childhood dreams was to write an entry in the World Book Encyclopedia . "  I guess you can tell the nerds early , " he added . An expert in virtual reality , Pausch did go on to write an encyclopedia entry on the subject . He discussed his fondness for winning stuffed animals at fairs , showed a slide of them , then -- pretending to be concerned his audience would think the image had been digitally manipulated -- produced them onstage . Donning silly costume items like a vest with arrows sticking out of it and a Mad Hatter 's hat , he described working with students as a way to help other people achieve their dreams . He also played down his own importance , saying that after he got a Ph.D. , his mother took to introducing him as "  a doctor , but not the kind who helps people . " The lecture has been viewed more than 3.2 million times since it was posted on YouTube in December . Pausch co-founded the university 's Entertainment Technology Center and was known for developing interdisciplinary courses and research projects that attracted new students to the field of computer science . He also spent his career encouraging computer scientists to collaborate with artists , dramatists and designers , Carnegie Mellon said . The university 's president , Jared Cohon , described Pausch as "  a brilliant researcher and gifted teacher . " "  His love of teaching , his sense of fun and his brilliance came together in the Alice project , which teaches students computer programming while enabling them to do something fun -- making animated movies and games , " Cohon added . "  Carnegie Mellon -- and the world -- are better places for having had Randy Pausch in them . " Pausch describes Cohon urging him to talk about having fun in his lecture , and telling him it 's difficult because it 's like asking a fish to talk about water . "  I do n't know how not to have fun , " he said . "  I 'm dying and I 'm having fun . And I 'm going to keep having fun every day I have left . " Pausch is survived by his wife , Jai , and three children .	Randy Pausch was computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon His September 2007 "  Last Lecture " became Internet sensation , best-seller Pausch 's lecture celebrated living the life he always dreamed
CNN  -- A 12-year-old girl from Arizona has called out Dick 's Sporting Goods for failing to include female athletes in its 2014 basketball catalog -- and she 's getting plenty of backup on the Web . McKenna Peterson 's letter to the company , which her father later tweeted , drew attention to the lack of gender equality in the ads . "  I think that girls should be treated as equally as boys are treated , " she wrote . "  I , myself , enjoying playing and watching basketball , WOMENS basketball . " The self-proclaimed "  Fabulous Basketball Player " has been praised on Twitter for bringing attention to the issue . Although the basketball catalog does include women , they are portrayed in passive or supportive roles : "  sitting in the stands " or "  mentioned once in the catalog on page 5 for some shoes " or as "  cheerleaders on some coupons , " McKenna wrote . "  It 's hard enough for girls to break through in this sport as it is , without you guys excluding us from your catalog , " she added . The Petersons say they may take their business elsewhere unless Dick 's resolves to include more women in its advertising ; McKenna even named several of her favorite professional women 's basketball players who would fit the bill in the letter . "  Maybe my dad will take me to some other store that supports girls to actually PLAY basketball and follow their dreams and not sit on the sidelines and watch the game to get my next pair of shoes and equipment , " McKenna wrote . UPDATE : McKenna 's father , Chris Peterson , tweeted out a response note the family received from Dick 's and expressed his disappointment with the "  form letter . " A Dick 's representative later contacted the family by phone . "  They said that they liked her letter and that in future publications they will consider putting more women in the catalog , " Peterson told CNN . "  They also pointed us to a commercial that they are running that apparently has a girl in it . It was a very nice conversation that McKenna re-stated her opinion that there needs to be more girls represented . " Dick 's has not yet responded to requests for comment from CNN . Opinion : Emma Watson gives feminism new life	A young basketball fan wrote a letter drawing attention to ads lacking girls and women Her letter to Dick 's Sporting Goods drew attention after her father tweeted it McKenna Peterson : "  It 's hard enough for girls to break through in this sport as it is "
CNN  -- Air quality in most cities that monitor their pollution levels exceed what the World Health Organization deems as safe . Delhi has the highest level of the airborne particulate matter , PM2 .5 considered most harmful to health , with 153 micrograms . Not far behind is another Indian city , Patna with 149 micrograms . These figures are six times what the WHO considers a "  safe " limit -- which is 25 micrograms . Half of the top 20 cities in the world with the highest levels of PM2 .5 were in India , according to the pollution data released by the WHO , which included 1,600 cities . Other cities with high levels were located in Pakistan and Bangladesh . PM2 .5 refers to the diameter measured in microns of particulates such as ammonia , carbon , nitrates and sulfate -- which are small enough to pass into the bloodstream and cause diseases such as emphysema and cancer . The WHO data echoes an earlier study this year which found that air pollution in New Delhi is now worse than Beijing . No Chinese cities ranked in the top 20 most polluted cities , despite thick , gray smog filling its cities and millions of residents commuting behind surgical masks . Beijing reported 56 micrograms of PM2 .5 . This year , Chinese leaders have declared "  war on pollution . " Beijing 's emergency measures amid fog of pollution Delhi has been described as having weak enforcement of pollution controls by India 's Center for Science and Environment , a public interest group . "  Originally designed as compact entities to reduce the length of travel ...  Indian cities  are becoming victims of killer pollution , congestion ... and a crippling car-dependent infrastructure , " according to the group . And the world 's most polluted city is ... Air pollution has spread by increasing reliance on fossil fuels , coal-fired power plants , cars and the use of biomass for cooking and heating . Cities with the lowest level of pollution were located in Canada , the United States , Finland , Iceland and Sweden .	Delhi is most polluted city in the world in PM2 .5 concentrations Half of the top 20 most polluted cities were in India , according to data PM2 .5 is considered most harmful to health
CNN  -- The Boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident during its service history . British Airways aircrew fly the Royal Standard from the flight deck of the Boeing 777 aircraft . The aircraft first entered service on June 7 , 1995 , with more than 900 suppliers from 17 countries coming together to provide the more than three million parts needed in its construction , according to the Boeing Web site . Since its inaugural flight , Boeing has extended the 777 family to five commercial passenger models and a freighter version , collectively making more than two million flights . The aircraft seats between 301 and 368 passengers in a three-class configuration and can fly distances up to 17,500 kilometers . The 777 has also won a number of design awards , as well as setting a number of records and firsts . On November 9 and 10 , 2005 , a Boeing 777-200LR Worldliner set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop by a commercial jetliner . The 777-200LR set a record distance of 21,601 km on a route traveling eastbound from Hong Kong to London Heathrow . The flight lasted 22 hours and 42 minutes . The achievements was recognized by the U.S. National Aeronautics Association , The Federation Aeronautique Internationale and the Guinness Book of Records . The Federation eéronautique Internationale recognized the Boeing 777 in April 1997 for achieving a speed and distance record for airplanes in its size and class . The Boeing Web site claims the 777 set the "  Great Circle Distance Without Landing " record , traveling 20,044 km , and it set the record for "  Speed Around the World , Eastbound , " traveling at an average speed of 889 km per hour . According to Boeing the aircraft reached 500 deliveries by 2005 -- faster than any other twin-aisle commercial airplane in history . Boeing prides itself on the 777 's landing gear , which it claims is the largest ever incorporated into a commercial aircraft . Each main landing gear is fitted with six wheels , while the nose gear has two . E-mail to a friend	The Boeing 777 aircraft first entered service on June 7 , 1995 First airplane U.S.  FAA  approved for extended-range twin-engine operations Engineers designed , electronically pre-assembled the 777 using computers In 2005 , a Boeing 777 set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop
CNN  -- Argentine coach Diego Maradona has urged Carlos Tevez to quit Manchester United at the end of the season and head for Italy . Tevez has been advised by Argentine coach Maradona to leave Old Trafford at the end of the season . Maradona watched United trounce Chelsea 3-0 last weekend at Old Trafford where striker Tevez remained on the bench despite a rousing reception when he went on a touchline warm-up during the game . "  I saw the Manchester United match . They won , but did so without Tevez . This situation is not good for him . For sure , certain things are happening which mean his departure is nearing , " Maradona told Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport . "  Italy , and Inter  Milan  in particular , would be great for him . Among other things , the fact that his contract is soon to expire facilitates a change of shirt . " Weekend reports claimed that United manager Alex Ferguson has already pinpointed Lyon 's French international striker Karim Benzema as his chief summer target . Benzema , whose contract runs until 2013 , made his mark against United in a Champions League tie last season when he scored in a first leg tie . He hit the target 20 times as Lyon secured a seventh straining French League title and he has netted five times in this season 's Champions League . Lyon are said to be willing to cash in at the right price with Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid also monitoring the situation . Media reports said Lyon would want around # 40 million  45 million euros  for Benzema while the asking price for Tevez -- he joined United on a two-year loan -- is likely to be around # 32 million . Tevez , who hit the headlines during two seasons in Brazil with Corinthians , has struggled to retain a starting place at Old Trafford following his controversial stay at West Ham . He has indicated he would respond positively to any approach from Real Madrid , but is sure to take on board the advice of Maradona who twice led Napoli to the Serie A title after joining the Italian club from Barcelona . Meanwhile , West Ham face a fresh inquiry after the FA and Premier League launched an investigation relating to dealings with Tevez 's representatives after the club had initially been fined # 5.5 m for breaching league rules over third-party agreements . It follows the findings of an arbitration tribunal in favour of Sheffield United and against West Ham last year which decided Tevez should not have been able to play for the Hammers at the end of the 2006-07 season . Premier League West Ham insist that they have nothing to hide .	Diego Maradona urges Carlos Tevez to quit Manchester Utd at end of season Argentine coach believes striker would be better off joining Italy 's Inter Milan Tevez on bench when Maradona watched United beat Chelsea at the weekend
While the nation waits to see whether the 1965 Voting Rights Act will be dismantled by the U.S. Supreme Court , it is worth reviewing how the act affected one group that had long opposed black suffrage : Southern white politicians Before 1965 , many white officeholders helped build their career by preventing blacks from voting . They could easily ignore black citizens . In the very first primary election after passage of the Voting Rights Act , that began to change . In Alabama in 1966 , Lurleen Wallace was standing in for her husband , George Wallace , who was unable to run again because of term limits . She faced a challenge from Attorney General Richmond Flowers , the first Democrat to seek black votes . If elected , he promised to remove the Confederate flag that flew atop the State Capitol and delete the words "  White Supremacy " from the party emblem . Flowers campaigned mostly in black communities and joined in singing "  We Shall Overcome . " In return , he received the support of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Alabama 's two largest black political groups , the Confederation of Alabama Political Organizations and the Alabama Democratic Conference , groups shunned by white candidates . Other candidates , once intensely racist , surprisingly followed Flowers ' lead . Al Lingo -- head of Alabama 's State Troopers and one of the architects of Bloody Sunday , the assault on Selma-to-Mongomery marchers on March 7 , 1965 , by state troopers and deputies -- sought black votes in his race for Jefferson County sheriff . "  I want the support of everybody , white or colored , " he said . As for Bloody Sunday , he claimed that he had wanted to let the marchers proceed , but the governor overruled him , making him the "  scapegoat " for what occurred . If elected , he promised that the sheriff 's office would include black deputies . Even more startling was the behavior of Jim Clark , Sheriff of Dallas County , who was seeking re-election . Just the year before , Clark had treated African-Americans seeking the right to vote in Selma with unparalleled savagery and led the Bloody Sunday assault . Now he attempted to woo black voters . On April 24 , he invited them to join him at a picnic where beer and barbecue were served . Turnout was disappointing . "  A man ca n't beat us in 1964 and 1965 and expect us to vote for him in 1966 , " noted one black leader . Because black votes now counted , reporters covering the campaign noted that the n-word , once a political staple , had disappeared . George Wallace , accustomed to saying "  Nigra , " now struggled to remember that it should be pronounced "  Negro . " While Lurleen Wallace won an overwhelming victory on Election Day , Lingo received less than one-tenth of the number of votes cast for his opponent . Clark , facing defeat , attempted to steal his election , but he was blocked by Assistant Attorney General John Doar , who took him to court in the first lawsuit brought under the Voting Rights Act . Clark lost in court , ending his long reign of terror in Alabama . The 1966 Alabama primary was a preview of what was to come . In the years that followed , George Wallace apologized for his earlier racist views and sought the support of black voters . But perhaps more important -- and more striking -- was the evolution of South Carolina 's Strom Thurmond , who had opposed the Voting Rights Act in 1965 and its renewal in 1970 and 1975 . In 1982 , civil rights activists worried that Thurmond would use his power as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee to kill the act 's reauthorization . Thurmond 's opposition to integration went back decades . In 1948 , Harry Truman 's civil rights programs had led Thurmond to bolt the Democratic National Convention and run for president as a "  Dixiecrat . " As a senator , Thurmond launched a historic filibuster against the 1957 Civil Rights Act and denounced the 1964 Civil Rights Act as "  vicious . " That same year Thurmond became a Republican and supported Barry Goldwater for president , beginning the political transformation of the South from staunchly Democratic to reliably Republican . By 1982 , 30 % of the voters in Thurmond 's state were black , leaving the senator little choice but to vote for the act . In doing so , he said that he did not want to fall victim to "  the common perception that a vote against the bill indicates opposition to the right to vote and , indeed , opposition to the group of citizens who are protected under the Voting Rights Act . " Or , as he earlier told a racist colleague who lost a campaign for governor of South Carolina , "  we ca n't win elections any more by cussin ' Nigras . " The Voting Rights Act had succeeded in doing what it was created to do : create millions of new black voters , and -- less understood -- free white Southern politicians from always opposing black gains . There is no better example of democracy in action . In 2006 , not a single senator from a state covered by the Voting Rights Act voted against its renewal . Should the Supreme Court now significantly weaken the protection of minority voting that the act provides , we may well return to a time when "  cussin ' Nigras " is again a politically acceptable strategy .	Gary May : Court to consider 1965 's Voting Rights Act provision He says in 1966 , Alabama 's white attorney general broke ground seeking the black vote He says racist candidates , even Strom Thurmond , would end up courting the black vote May : Act increased the black vote and altered the approach of white Southern politicians
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  The death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal two days ago surged past 3,000 on Monday , a government official said . The desperate search for survivors from the country 's worst natural disaster in more than 80 years continued . The number of people confirmed dead in Nepal stands at 3,218 , said Nepalese Ministry of Home Affairs spokesman Laxmi Dhakal . India has reported 56 deaths , and China another 20 . The death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside that makes up most of Nepal . As day broke Monday , Nepal was still in survival mode after suffering a series of aftershocks following the huge initial quake on Saturday . The damage was everywhere . Stunned residents wandered the streets of Kathmandu , the capital city of roughly 3 million people that 's now the focus of international disaster relief efforts . People dug through piles of debris where their homes once stood , seeking pieces of their former lives and , possibly , family members . Many of the injured were treated outside overflowing hospitals , where crowds of people gathered looking for relatives . Dhakal , the government spokesman , said Monday 6,525 people were reported to have been injured . One video aired on Nepal State Television captured a rare bright moment amid the death and devastation . It shows uniformed officers digging though rubble , desperately trying to free a man who is hurt but alive . Rescuers lift him up , and cheers of joy erupt from the crowd . The clip shows him being put on a stretcher and carried to safety . But often , searchers have found bodies rather than survivors . And the odds of saving the living decrease as the crucial first 72 hours tick by . The earthquake and its aftershocks have turned one of the world 's most scenic regions into a panorama of devastation . "  The journey towards my family home in Sitapaila was a map of quake destruction , with many houses -- old and new -- torn apart , " wrote freelance journalist Sunir Pandey . "  A high wall surrounding a monastery had collapsed and the nuns had run to a nearby field , " he wrote . "  A mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace could be found of its rider . Everywhere , survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields , private compounds , empty roadside lots . " At night , many Nepalis slept in the open , shivering in the frigid air of the Himalayan Mountains but at least safe from falling debris . "  The entire city was under darkness , " Christina Berry of England wrote for CNN affiliate IBN from Kathmandu . "  There was not a single light anywhere . The power supply had been cut off . Our caring hotel manager gave us some food and some candles , too . Me and Alexandra were so scared . We slept in the open verandah of the hotel fearing more quakes in the night . " Read earthquake stories from social media CNN producer Ingrid Formanek , who arrived Sunday night , said Kathmandu "  looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned . People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings . " "  We were able to drive the main road to the hotel we 're staying at , but they 're not allowing anyone inside because of the aftershocks . The guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn . People are squeezed in . There are probably about 100 people in there , " Formanek said . "  The tents are covered , but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water , especially around the edges of the tent . " Residents of Kathmandu are banding together to get by , with stores shuttered and very few sources of food and drinkable water . "  Communal kitchens have been set up for cooking , " Formanek said . "  Not by the government -- people set them up on their own . " Many of the city 's centuries-old buildings , which had stood stalwart for generations and provided a sense of national pride , have been toppled . Dozens of bodies were pulled from Dharahara , the historic nine-story tower that came crashing down during the quake . A backhoe chipped away at the nub left protruding through its crumbled ruins . When it seemed as if things could n't get worse , a powerful aftershock jolted Nepal on Sunday , sending people screaming into the streets and causing new injuries for already traumatized residents . Climbers said it set off fresh avalanches on Mount Everest , where at least 17 people were reported to have been killed on Saturday . The magnitude of the new quake Sunday was initially estimated at 6.7 by the U.S. Geological Survey , considerably weaker than the magnitude-7 .8 of the devastating one of a day earlier . Four Americans were confirmed to be among the dead . Google executive Dan Fredinburg was one of them . According to an Instagram post by his sister on his account , an avalanche killed Fredinburg on Mount Everest . Marisa Eve Girawong , who went by her middle name , of New Jersey also was killed by an avalanche on Everest . The physician 's assistant was working as an Everest base camp doctor for Seattle-based Madison Mountaineering , when she was swept away to her death . Tom Taplin , a filmmaker from Santa Monica , California , was making a documentary on Everest climbers , when wind stirred by the avalanche caused him to take a fall , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Looking for missing loved ones in Nepal ? CNN iReport wants to help The mountains that define Nepal make it difficult to deliver relief , though international efforts are in full swing . Aftershocks are also complicating operations . A team of 260 emergency responders was about an hour away from departure at Israel 's Ben Gurion Airport when an aftershock in Kathmandu delayed its departure . The U.S. Agency for International Development 's Disaster Response Team , made up of 54 urban search and rescue specialists from Fairfax County , Virginia , and six K-9s , headed to Nepal on Sunday on a C-17 military transport plane . The dogs are trained to find signs of life in rubble after a disaster . But the trip was expected to take about 24 hours , reducing the precious hours left in which survivors are likely to be found . Are you in Nepal or do you have loved ones affected ? Please share with us if you are in a safe place . How to help the earthquake victims Fast Facts on earthquakes CNN 's Manesh Shrestha reported from Kathmandu ; CNN 's Ralph Ellis wrote and reported from Atlanta ; and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote and reported from Hong Kong . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh , Sumnima Udas , Oren Liebermann and Brian Walker also contributed to this report .	The death toll in Nepal rises to 3,218 , a government official says The number of injured is reported to be more than 6,500 , he says Another 56 people are dead in India , and 20 in China
CNN  An eruption of Guatemala 's so-called "  fire volcano " has closed an airport and forced the evacuation of at least 100 people . Guatemala 's national disaster agency says the volcano , known locally as Fuego Volcan , erupted Saturday and spewed ashes "  to an altitude reaching 5,500 meters  18,000 feet  above sea level . " The smoke and ash forced Guatemala 's La Aurora International Airport to stop all air traffic around the area . Guatemala 's alert level has been raised to "  orange , " which puts in place the possibility of rescue operations , the disaster agency said . The volcano is near the Pacific Ocean coast about 60 miles from the capital , Guatemala City . Fuego Volcan is one of Central America 's most active volcanoes and has an elevation of 12,343 feet . It is a popular tourist attraction in Guatemala . Some companies offer "  long technical trail tours ... not for the faint of heart " to the volcano , but say "  most visitors will be content to admire Fuego 's beauty from the safety of Antigua 's cobblestone streets . "	At least 100 people who live near the volcano have been evacuated Fuego Volcan is one of Central America 's most active volcanoes
Stretching across the heart of Europe , Germany 's spider-web of highways ferries tons of goods on their journey across the continent and beyond . The country is a strategic transport gateway between east and west , with four million trucks racing down its roads day and night , helping to keep its industrial economy ticking . But with road transport accounting for about one-fifth of the EU 's total emissions of carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas , there is a pressing need to find cleaner ways of hauling cargo . Enter eHighway -- a bold new idea to adapt existing technology behind tram lines to electrify trucks on the highway . The project is currently taking shape in the workshops of German electrical giant Siemens , and scientists hope it will eventually enable trucks to drive almost emission free . "  Right now we only have electro mobility for cars , and with this project we want to develop the technology to drive trucks electrically , " says Michael Lehmann , the technical project manager of the initiative . Adapting systems The technology is being tested at a former Soviet airbase near Berlin , and centers on hybrid trucks . These are fed electricity from powerlines , which are dotted along the road , through a so-called pantograph . The device , which is more commonly used for trams , is mounted on the truck 's roof , and plays a crucial part in the operation . "  It needs to work even if you have to brake quickly or if you suddenly have to leave the lane . Those are all the small steps , but they are necessary to make it work , " says Lehmann . Trucks are not limited to one lane only -- they can overtake one another by detaching from the power lines when the driver blinks , and then can return to position by lifting the pantograph back up to the cables when the process is complete . Lehman says that this automation could be applied beyond the highways . "  Whenever you have trucks driving the same route shuttling goods back and forth all day , that is where we want to use this technology . " he explains . "  So , also in logistic centers in ports and mining applications as well , " adds Lehman . Going green The European Commission estimates that by 2050 freight transport in the EU will increase by 80 % , and experts stress that moving cargo has to become more environmentally-friendly . "  If we want to achieve our climate emission targets we have to think about alternative drive trains , hybridization , but also of course substitutes , so we would try to shift a lot more towards trains , " says Jens Weinmann , of the European School of Management and Technology . With that in mind , the eHighway project seeks to combine the efficiency of rail transport with the flexibility of trucks . Trials are set to move from the test area near Berlin to a public road in the U.S. next year , and in time , engineers hope this technology could amp the green credentials of logistics around the world . Read more : Super fast and green ? How the new breed of sports cars is getting a makeover Read more : Want a top notch college degree but ca n't afford it ? Head to Germany Read more : Welcome to the factory of the future	eHighway project aims to electrify trucks on the highway It uses existing tram lines technology to make trucks almost emission free The system is being tested near Berlin , but set to move to a public road in the U.S. next year
