A judge in Pretoria ruled Wednesday that South African prosecutors can appeal Oscar Pistorius ' conviction , but denied the state 's bid to challenge his sentence . The decision means that the decision over Pistorius ' fate is n't over , with the legal battle possibly extending well into next year . Prosecutors had said Pistorius ' sentence of five years in prison for fatally shooting his girlfriend was nowhere near enough punishment . They also want the double-amputee track star to be convicted of a more serious charge . They had originally sought conviction on a charge of murder . Pistorius was found guilty of culpable homicide , or negligent killing , in the death of Reeva Steenkamp . The athlete did n't attend the hearing , which began Tuesday , but his father , Henke , was present . "  I do n't think we should have gone this far , " he told reporters as he left the courtroom . ` This is what we wanted ' But prosecutors welcomed the decision . "  This is what we wanted , " said Nathi Mncube , a spokesman for the National Prosecuting Authority . "  The issues that we wanted clarified are issues of law and of course the judge agreed with our arguments . " The victim 's mother , June Steenkamp , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that she hopes the prospective appeal will be "  a good thing . " "  I just hope some truth comes out along the way , " she said . " ... They seem to forget that somebody actually died , actually , until my niece spoke about her to the judge . And that 's the truth .  Reeva Steenkamp  became invisible . " ` Shockingly light ' In appeal documents filed previously , the prosecution called Pistorius ' sentence "  shockingly light " and inappropriate . Prosecutors argued that Judge Thokozile Masipa misinterpreted a complex South African standard defining a technical form of intent that proved to be a central aspect of the case , according to CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps . As a result , prosecutors argued , Pistorius should not have been convicted on the culpable homicide charge chosen by the judge . In explaining her sentence at the trial , Masipa had said that Pistorius did not intend to kill Steenkamp . But critics of the verdict have argued that Masipa did n't correctly apply the intent standard , which is broader in South African law than what it typically means in casual conversation , Phelps said . Appeal could take a year or more The case now goes to the Supreme Court of Appeals in Bloemfontein , which will hear the appeal itself . If that court finds Pistorius guilty of murder , the resulting sentence would be more severe . The minimum sentence for murder in South Africa is 15 years in prison . It usually takes at least a year for an appeal to be heard , according to Mncube of the National Prosecuting Authority . Pistorius , 28 , made history when he became the first double amputee to compete in the able-bodied Olympics in 2012 . He was born without the fibulae in his legs , which were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old . Asked what she 'd think if Pistorius returned to competition , Reeva Steenkamp 's mother told CNN , "  To be honest with you , I do n't care what he does . " "  I 've got no interest in him whatsoever , " June Steenkamp said . "  Nothing is going to change my life unless my daughter ... could come back by some magic . "	Reeva Steenkamp 's mother hopes the appeal will be a "  good thing " Amputee track star Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide , not murder Prosecutors wanted Pistorius to be convicted of a more serious charge "  I do n't think we should have gone this far , " Pistorius ' father says
Oakland , California  CNN  -- Several decades ago , Stan Brock nearly died when a horse kicked him in the head . He was in the middle of the Amazon rain forest , not exactly the easiest spot to find a doctor . "  There was no medical care there ,  and  I was 350 miles from the nearest doctor , " said Brock , who was working for a cattle ranch on an open range that spanned Brazil and what is now Guyana . Fortunately , he was able to recover on his own after more than a month . But many other people in the region were n't as lucky . "  When you got things like measles , influenza and malaria , " Brock said , "  it was just absolutely devastating . ... Millions of people disappeared . " Brock saw this devastation firsthand while he lived among indigenous tribes . After his near-fatal injury , he realized that something had to be done . "  It kind of jarred my thinking into , ` Hey , let 's bring these doctors a little bit closer than 26 days on foot , ' " he said . Brock took the initiative , getting his pilot 's license and a small plane to bring medical care to the people that he worked with -- and even the animals for which he cared . "  Instead of taking weeks and weeks to get into that place , the airplane could get there in just a few hours , " he said . "  If  somebody was badly hurt or injured , we could put them in the back of the airplane and take them somewhere " for care . In 1985 , decades after he first started flying , Brock went the extra step and started a nonprofit , Remote Area Medical . Since then , the all-volunteer group has held more than 660 medical clinics worldwide , providing free health care to half a million people . "  These  are not the people that can afford to go down the road and pay $ 300 , $ 400 , $ 500 for an eye exam and a pair of glasses , or sometimes thousands of dollars to get their teeth fixed , " said Brock , 75 . "  The patients ... are so grateful for what we 're able to do for them . " From dropout to ` Wild Kingdom ' Brock 's life reads something like a movie script . When he dropped out of school at 16 , he followed his parents from England to what was then British Guiana , where he got a job herding cattle . There , he learned the local language and sometimes went days without food and water . Brock 's forte was the lasso , and he was eventually discovered and brought on as a co-host of Mutual of Omaha 's "  Wild Kingdom , " an educational television series that aired in the 1960s , '70s and '80s .  See him challenge a buffalo on YouTube Today , Brock said , people still come up to him and say "  I grew up watching you on ` Wild Kingdom ' " or "  I became a wildlife biologist or a marine biologist because of watching you on ` Wild Kingdom . ' " But even though his new job made him well-known and allowed him to travel all over the world , he never forgot where he came from . "  I understand what it 's like to be penniless , homeless and uninsured , " Brock said , referring to his cowboy roots . His nonprofit started as a strictly overseas venture , helping the needy in hard-to-reach places . Volunteers would fly into remote regions , sometimes parachuting in , to aid people who did n't have access to medical care . Brock says it was n't long , however , before he started to get requests for aid in the United States . The first request came in 1992 from Hancock County , a small , rural area in Tennessee . The local hospital had closed , and its only dentist had just left . "  We went up to Hancock County , and there were 100 to 150 people wanting their teeth fixed , " said Brock . "  We took care of them ,  and  it was n't more than another week before I got the same request from the next county over . " Soon , Brock said , they were so busy in the United States that the group had to cut back on overseas commitments to meet obligations at home . Professionals filling a need -- on their own dime More than 70,000 people have donated their time and expertise to Brock 's cause over the years . Many are full-time doctors and nurses who work at their own practices or hospitals during the week and then volunteer on the weekend . Remote Area Medical , or RAM , runs about 25 clinics a year , serving hundreds of patients at a time . "  It always has been a very much volunteer effort , not only in terms of physical contributions , but in their financial contributions , " Brock said . "  All these people , they 're buying their own hotel and paying their own travel expenses to get here . " Medical supplies for the clinics are often donated , while RAM has purchased much of its larger equipment over the years . Last month , Brock piloted a single-engine , turbo-prop airplane to California , carrying 20 dental chairs and other supplies for RAM 's 663rd mission . The clinic , held in Oakland , offered free eye exams along with glaucoma testing . Patients could receive prescription glasses that were made on site . Dental extractions , cleanings and fillings were also available , and medical services included pap smears , breast exams , acupuncture and testing for diabetes and HIV . A day before the clinic opened , lines began forming outside the city 's coliseum . Pamela Gomez , 45 , arrived the night before , sleeping in a tent along with three other people . She had recently found four lumps in her breasts , and without a job or health insurance , she did n't know where else to go . A nurse and doctor conducted two breast exams on Gomez and found the lumps to be benign cysts . "  I felt so relieved , " she said . "  I 'm not living in fear anymore . It was a big monkey off my back . " The medical services offered at each clinic vary and are based on the specialties of the doctors volunteering . But Brock said most people -- as many as 85 % of the people on a clinic 's first day -- are there to see a dentist or an eye doctor . That 's usually because some insurance plans do not cover dental or vision care , and many patients can not afford to purchase new eyeglasses . Brock said there are plans to expand U.S. operations for his group , and he also wants to add a permanent clinic in Guyana and start up a program in Africa . "  This is a 365-day-a-year operation , " Brock said . He sleeps at RAM headquarters , a ramshackle schoolhouse in rural Tennessee , and he takes no income for his work . He does n't drive a car and -- other than a bicycle and some odds and ends -- he has no assets . "  I guess I 'm your basic indigent CEO , " he laughs . He is also humble , quick to deflect praise to the volunteers who have helped him through the years . "  It 's those people that are making all of these patients either pain-free or more functional and better , " he said . "  They 're the heroes . All I do is show up and carry some of the luggage . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Remote Area Medical website at ramusa.org and see how to help .	Stan Brock made a name for himself lassoing animals on ` Wild Kingdom ' Today , he runs a nonprofit that provides free health care to people all over the world Brock : The volunteers are the heroes ; all I do is carry some of the luggage Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
At least 905 children have called in sick to schools in a suspected case of mass food poisoning in Japan 's Shizuoka Prefecture , forcing the local government to cancel classes at 15 elementary schools to prevent the outbreak from spreading . The children from Hamamatsu , a coastal city about 125 miles southwest of Tokyo , suffered vomiting and diarrhea , officials said Thursday , while 41 teachers and staff showed the same symptoms . Authorities suspect the outbreak was caused by norovirus , a common source of foodborne illness . The highly contagious virus was "  detected in about half of the stool samples taken from sick pupils , " said Horihiro Ishizaka , a Hamamatsu city public relations official . The city 's hygiene office is testing school lunches eaten by the students to confirm the cause of the outbreak , Ishizuka said . Local news reports said the schools used an ingredient from one shared supplier . The city has closed most of the affected schools and canceled classes at others through Friday in wake of the incident , which comes less than a month after 1,400 people across Japan fell ill after eating frozen foods that may have been tainted with pesticides .	Hundreds of children fall ill with symptoms of food poisoning in Hamamatsu , Japan Authorities suspect norovirus caused the outbreak Health officials are testing school lunches to determine the origin of the illness The case follows a food poisoning scare that left 1,400 people ill in recent weeks
CNN  -- An eco-friendly building material might have saved some of the 80 homes destroyed in a recent wildfire in Southern California . But it ca n't be used there . Rajesh Kanwar built his Alpine , California , house out of AAC after his previous house burned down . The masonry material , called autoclaved aerated concrete or AAC , can withstand a 2,000-degree fire for four hours , according to Underwriters Laboratories ' test results . "  I just think the material 's awesome . There 's nothing like it , " said Doug Edwards , an architect whose Edwards Design Group designs and builds green homes in the Scottsdale , Arizona , area . "  It 's the best building material in the world . " AAC is a mixture of sand , water , lime , portland cement and aluminum powder that is formed into blocks and cured in an autoclave , a sort of industrial pressure cooker . It has been used in Europe , where it was invented , for more than 70 years . Besides being fire-resistant , AAC also deadens sound , is energy efficient , is impervious to termites , is bulletproof and waterproof , generates no waste in its creation , and can be recycled , its fans say . See AAC survive a fire-and-water test " A sort of concrete bread , it 's full of tiny air pockets , making it one-fifth the weight of traditional concrete , which means more can be transported with less use of fuel . Workers can cut it and shape it with hand tools , and its thermal qualities significantly lower energy use , experts say . Exton Quinn , an architect who fled her Santa Barbara , California , home as wildfires approached in early May , learned about the material at a green building seminar . "  It 's a natural insulator , it 's completely nontoxic , it 's just absolutely fabulous , " she said . "  And with our homes going up here , we should be building with this . ... The idea that we ca n't build with a fireproof material , I think , is insane . " But in California , wildfires are n't the only concern . Small earthquakes are part of daily life in many areas , and stronger ones occur fairly frequently . And that 's the regulators ' problem with AAC . "  Autoclaved aerated concrete can not be used to resist seismic forces because it has not been seismically tested , " said David Walls , executive director of the California Building Standards Commission in Sacramento . The restriction is based on guidelines from the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program , he said . The next International Building Code , slated to take effect in 2011 , will permit use of AAC in more places that have minimal seismic activity , Walls said . But even under those somewhat relaxed standards , most of California would not qualify , he added . Advocates for the product say California 's qualms are baseless -- and political . "  We 've done all the testing , and the testing showed the material works fine in any seismic area , " said Felipe Babbitt , a Mesa , Arizona , engineer who helped develop code standards for AAC block . "  It has not been approved by California not because it ca n't perform , but because they have not done a thorough review of the testing data and are not convinced that it performs . " California 's standards are no different from those of other states , Walls insisted . "  We base ours off the national model code . For the most part , for private buildings in California , we do not add any extra stuff , " he said . "  So it would be strictly based on what is the national standard . " That 's not entirely true , Babbitt said . California is the only state that adopted the 2006 International Building Code without the companion housing code that includes acceptance of AAC in seismic areas , he said . The two documents were meant to be applied in tandem , he said . "  A lot of it 's politics , " Babbitt said . "  Everybody 's protecting their own interests . You 've got the wood industry protecting theirs , you 've got the steel protecting theirs , and the AAC is just going up against all these people . " The AAC industry has n't been around long enough yet to earn its place in the code , he said . Wood , on the other hand , faces no challenge despite its obvious vulnerability to wind , fire , flood , pests , mold and earthquakes , he said . "  Each state has different code adoption laws and processes , " Walls responded by e-mail . "  I can not explain what or why any other state makes their choices . I can tell you that California has never adopted a residential code . " Another architect is n't satisfied . "  What is baffling is this is a product that could be enormously beneficial in California , " said Michael McDonough , a world-renowned New York architect who specializes in sustainable industry . "  The testing standards they are rejecting are the testing standards that are used in 49 other states , and they 've been extant for 10 years . "  Therefore we believe it 's reasonable to assume there 's some other agenda than the standards , " he said . "  This stuff has been tested within an inch of its life . " Walls denies that politics played a role . "  I have been involved in the code adoption in California for more that eight years and I am not aware of any ` agenda ' in California , " he wrote in an e-mail . Mike Quaka , vice president-general manager of manufacturer AERCON Florida in Haines City , Florida , defended his company 's product . "  From all of our independent testing , it meets all the seismic zones , just as it does in Europe , " he said . "  I think there 's a lot of external variables floating out there when we talk about California and AAC . ... We can build anywhere else without a hiccup . " Richard Klingner , an expert in earthquake-resistant design at the University of Texas at Austin , conducted what the industry considers the definitive tests of AAC in 2000 and found it more than adequate to handle seismic loading . "  In my opinion , testing done by me and others has demonstrated that ductile shear walls of AAC can safely be used anywhere in the U.S. , " Klingner said in an e-mail from Venezuela , where he was giving a lecture on the seismic resistance of masonry . Ductile shear walls are walls that flex slightly to resist lateral force , the main cause of damage in earthquakes . "  I do not know why AAC has not had wider acceptance in California , " he wrote . "  It may be a combination of lack of familiarity , caution , and ` not invented here . ' That 's too bad , because AAC offers many advantages . " A few houses made of AAC are scattered around California , built before restrictions were put in place . One is in Alpine , built by Rajesh Kanwar and Lori Ende after their previous house burned down in the 2003 Cedar Fire , which killed 13 people and destroyed more than 2,000 homes . "  When our home burned down , I looked into materials that were less likely to burn down , " said Kanwar , who runs a small business . "  Before I went to the material , I did a substantial amount of ground work to make sure I was n't doing something which was going to come back and bite me , " he said . "  So when I looked into that , I did n't just look into the fireproof aspect of it , I also looked into the seismic aspect of it , because I was really concerned about that . "  And from everything I learned ... it has done very well under earthquake conditions . " AERCON 's Quaka admits to being a little discouraged by the long struggle for acceptance in California . "  You beat your head against a door so many times , your head gets sore . And we 're not there yet with California , but our heads are pretty bloody . "	An eco-friendly masonry material can withstand a 2,000-degree fire for four hours Advocates say it may have saved some of the 80 homes destroyed in a recent wildfire But the product is banned in California because it has n't passed seismic tests The material also is impervious to termites and is bulletproof and waterproof
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Like many Nepalese guides , Apa Sherpa started trekking to the top of Mount Everest in the shadow of more famous climbers -- including the son of the late Sir Edmund Hillary , the first person to climb to the top of the world 's tallest peak . Apa Sherpa has climbed Mount Everest more times than any other person . But the 49-year-old Nepali -- who now lives in the United States -- on Thursday morning became the only person in the world to summit Everest 19 times . Apa says his goals in climbing the 29,029-foot  8,848-meter  mountain have nothing to do with setting the world record for Everest summits , a title he has held since 1998 . "  Up to the 17th time in 2007 I climbed as a professional , as part of my occupation , " Apa said , according to the Web site tracking the progress of his most recent expedition . "  But last year I climbed to raise funds for a school in Thame , my village on the foot of Everest . " In addition to raising money for Nepali schoolkids , Apa also plans to remove more than two tons of garbage from Everest . Over the past 55 years , some 2,000 mountaineers have climbed the peak , leaving behind a trail of trash that includes oxygen bottles , food cans , gas cylinders , paper , plastic and even tents . Everest -- known by Nepalis as Sagarmatha -- is considered sacred by the Nepalese people , and is worshipped as a goddess of wealth and power by the Sherpas , the inhabitants of the Everest region . Apa comes from the famed Sherpa community of mountain guides , who work as porters and climbing guides for mountaineers from all over the world . While Everest is not considered the most technically challenging climb by experienced mountaineers , the world 's highest peak attracts an array of climbers who spend tens of thousands of dollars for the chance to make it to the top . However , the mountain is deadly for many climbers : More than 200 people have died trying to scale Everest . Apa began working as an expedition porter for Everest climbers to earn money after his father died when he was 12 years old , according to his biography on his team 's Web site , SuperSherpas.com . Many of the mountaineers noticed the young Sherpa who , despite his small size , was able to carry large loads "  with strength , quickness and a wide smile , " according to his biography . But it was n't until he was about 30 years old that Apa began climbing Everest as a guide . He made it to the top in 1990 with a team that included Peter Hillary , whose father first summited the peak along Tenzing Norgay Sherpa in 1953 . That team also included Rob Hall , a New Zealander who lost his life on the mountain in 1996 , the deadliest season for climbers in Everest 's history . Eight climbers , including Hall , died trying to summit the peak on May 11 , 1996 , known as the "  Everest disaster . " The incident highlighted the pressure that mountaineering companies face when their clients -- who have paid as much as $ 60,000 -- want to make it to the top despite foreboding weather and their lack of experience . Hall had asked Apa several times during the 1996 season to work for him , but Apa refused in order to be with his family , according to Everestnews.com . Apa reached Everest 's peak for the 19th time at 8 a.m. local time on Thursday , announcing over a crackling radio , "  I am at the top and looking at all the prayer flags , " according to the Web site tracking his progress . "  I have just satisfied the deities and placed the Bhumpa on the summit . " He was referring to an 8-inch-tall copper vase which is considered sacred and contains 400 elements , including precious metals , Buddhist relics , shreds of robes worn by venerated monks , holy water , and soil . Last month , Apa said that putting the vase on the mountain would be a prayer for world peace and prosperity . After spending 30 minutes at the top , he headed down . "  It is so cold here ... I am heading down . " Crowds of climbers forced Apa to delay his ascent to the summit by an hour . May is considered the ideal time to try to reach the top of Everest , and Nepali tourism authorities said 98 people had climbed the mountain on Tuesday and Wednesday from the south side . Apa currently lives near Salt Lake City , Utah , where he works as a climbing instructor and gives lectures . He has three children -- two sons , ages 23 and 18 , and a 14-year-old daughter . He has said he does not want his children to follow in his footsteps as a climber . His SuperSherpas team has raised $ 30,000 to educate the children of Nepal , and Apa hopes that his climbing successes will continue to raise more money for the impoverished Himalayan country . "  I never had a plan to make a record , " Apa told The Salt Lake Tribune last month before leaving for Nepal . "  I never had that as a dream . It just keeps happening . " CNN 's Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	Apa Sherpa , 49 , of Nepal , successfully climbs Mount Everest for the 19th time Apa says he climbs to raise money for his village , at the foot of the mountain More than 200 people have died trying to scale Everest At 29,029 feet , Mount Everest is the tallest mountain in the world
Kasakakairu , Kenya  CNN  -- Men armed with guns and machetes attacked residents of a Kenyan village before dawn Tuesday , killing at least five people , witnesses told CNN . The attackers went house to house targeting residents in the village of Kasakakairu , the witnesses said . Six people have been admitted to a local hospital with serious injuries , and police are checking the area for more victims . Kasakakairu is approximately 34 kilometers  21 miles  from Mpeketoni , a southeastern Kenyan coastal town where a terrorist attack killed dozens of people earlier this month . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said last week that Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group active in Somalia , was n't responsible for the Mpeketoni attack . Instead , he blamed local political networks for the attack that witnesses said turned a World Cup viewing party into a bloodbath . Armed men stormed the city center , shooting and hacking people to death before moving into a residential area , where they went from door to door , the witnesses said . Journalist Athman Omar reported from Kasakakairu , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Attackers went house to house targeting residents in the village , witnesses say Six people have been admitted to a local hospital with serious injuries The village is in the same region as Mpeketoni , where a previous attack killed dozens
Deteriorating security conditions near the Golan Heights headquarters for U.N. peacekeepers in the region has prompted Austria to say it will pull out its 370 troops , more than a third of the force assigned to help keep Israel and Syria at bay . The announcement came amid fierce fighting over the Quneitra crossing , Syria 's only access point to the Golan Heights . Rebel forces first captured but then lost control of the crossing in heavy fighting . Syrian tanks crossed into a demilitarized zone near the crossing , Israel complained to the United Nations , and two U.N. peacekeepers were wounded when an errant mortar round fell on their border camp . A CNN team also could see Israeli tanks taking up positions along the border on the Israeli-occupied side of the Golan Heights . The developments come amid longstanding concerns that the bloody 2-year-old Syrian conflict could widen into a broader regional conflict . Israel Foreign Affairs Ministry said it regretted Austria 's decision to pull its troops out and said Israeli officials "  hope that it will not be conducive to further escalation in the region . " U.N. spokeswoman Josephine Guerrero said Filipino and Indian peacekeepers will remain in the region to enforce the peace deal between Israel and Syria reached in 1974 , nearly seven years after Israel first captured Quneitra in the Six-Day War . Syria retook it in 1973 . Guerrero said the U.N. will also look to other countries to bring troops to bolster the force , which has suffered from several security incidents in recent months . Last month , U.N. officials said Syrian rebels detained four Filipino peacekeepers , and in December , two Austrian peacekeepers were wounded after being caught in crossfire between Syrian government troops and rebels . The fighting in Quneitra could be seen on Thursday from the Israeli-occupied side of the Golan Heights . Rebels fired on the Syrian forces , who responded with tank fire . Mortars and small arms fire set bushes and shrubs ablaze . Israeli Defense Force spokesman Peter Lerner said the military was taking precautions to prevent the conflict from spilling over into Israel . Israeli authorities have told farmers in the Golan Heights not to approach the border fence in the Quneitra area due to the fighting on the Syrian side , Lerner said . Quneitra is important to the Syrian regime because it represents former President Hafez al-Assad 's attempt to liberate Israeli-occupied territory . Pentagon official : Russian warships may be carrying weapons to Syria In another sign that Syria 's civil war is spilling across borders , at least 10 missiles from Syria landed overnight on the eastern Lebanese city of Baalbek , the Lebanese army said Thursday . The rockets wounded one person and damaged property , the army said . Baalbek 's population has grown 50 % in recent months because of the influx of Syrian refugees fleeing their country 's violence . But it appears the violence is following them .	Israel expresses concern over Austrian pullout from Golan Heights force Two U.N. peacekeepers wounded amid fighting between Syrian government , rebels The clashes occurred in Quneitra , near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights The Israeli military says it is trying to prevent spillover
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A man has been indicted on federal charges for allegedly displaying hangman 's nooses from the back of a pickup truck during a civil rights march last year in Jena , Louisiana . A photo taken by I-Reporter Casanova Love shows a noose hanging from a pickup in Alexandria , Louisiana . Jeremiah Munsen , 18 , of Grant Parish , repeatedly drove slowly past a group of marchers gathered at a bus depot in Alexandria , which is near Jena , as they awaited buses to return them to Tennessee , federal authorities said Thursday . As many as 20,000 marchers had taken part in the huge protests in Jena . Authorities there had been accused of injustice in the handling of racially charged cases , including the hanging of nooses in a tree after a group of black high school students sat in an area where traditionally only white students sat . The noose incident at Jena was the beginning of months of racial tension that included the beating of a white student , allegedly by six black classmates . The black students were prosecuted , but the three white students responsible for the nooses in the tree were not . Munsen and an unnamed conspirator had attached nooses to their pickup on September 20 and driven to Alexandria specifically to threaten and intimidate the marchers , the authorities said . View a series of photos of the truck " A juvenile passenger was apprehended with Munsen , according to the arresting officer 's report . The juvenile told police he and his family are in the Ku Klux Klan and that he had "  KKK " tattooed on his chest , the police report said . He also said that he tied the nooses and that brass knuckles found in the truck belonged to him , the report said . "  This indictment accuses the defendant -LSB- Munsen -RSB- of conduct that constitutes a federal civil rights conspiracy violation and a federal hate crime , " said U.S. Attorney Donald Washington . Washington and Grace Chung Becker , acting head of the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , announced the indictment , issued by a grand jury in Shreveport , Louisiana . A photograph of the truck was sent to CNN by I-Reporter Casanova Love , 26 , who said he is in the U.S. military . He was visiting his family in Louisiana and said he witnessed the event . Love added , "  If the police had not stepped in , I fear what might have happened . " E-mail to a friend	Louisiana resident , 18 , faces federal hate-crime , conspiracy charges Driver allegedly taunted civil rights marchers with nooses on pickup truck Marchers were protesting handling of several racially charged incidents
CNN  Presumed dead by some , the actual fate of the aunt of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un remains unconfirmed because of the secretive nature of that country . Last year , a North Korean defector said that Kim Kyung Hee had died from a stroke while arguing on the phone with the North Korean leader about her husband 's execution . The defector 's claims were widely reported , but doubts have persisted . Lawmakers in neighboring South Korea told the news agency Yonhap Tuesday that the country 's National Intelligence Service reported there is no evidence that Kim Kyung Hee died . It is believed that she is still alive , a South Korean government source told CNN . CNN could not verify claims of Kim Kyung Hee 's fate . Kim Kyung Hee is the sister of Kim Jong Il , the North Korean leader who died a little more than three years ago and left his son in power . Her husband , Jang Song Thaek , was executed in December 2013 , shocking many observers around the world . Before his execution , he was described as the second-most powerful figure in North Korea . But the young leader turned his back on Jang in spectacular fashion , having him executed on charges that he tried to overthrow the government . CNN 's Paula Hancocks and KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	A North Korean defector said last year Kim Kyung Hee had died But some say there is no evidence that she is deceased
CNN  -- Guatemalan authorities arrested an alleged drug lord wanted by both Guatemala and the United States for aiding the transit of cocaine for a Mexican drug cartel , officials said . Waldemar Lorenzana Lima , described as one of the most wanted in the United States , was captured Tuesday by Guatemalan National Police in the central town of Jicaro , Attorney General Claudia Paz said . Lorenzana and his three sons were labeled "  Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers " by the U.S. Treasury Department last year , a distinction that froze any U.S. assets and prohibits anyone from doing financial transactions with them . The Lorenzanas played a key role in moving cocaine between Colombia and Mexico , and ultimately , the United States , according to the Treasury Department . Lorenzana used Guatemala as a trans-shipment point for the drugs from Colombia , and he would then transfer them to Mexico 's Sinaloa cartel , which would take the contraband north . The U.S. government was offering a reward of up to $ 500,000 for information regarding Lorenzana . "  This arrest shows that no one is above the law , " Guatemalan Interior Minister Carlos Menocal said , the state-run AGN news agency reported . Lorenzana was transferred to a court building , where he was awaiting a judge for an initial hearing .	Waldemar Lorenzana is accused of trafficking drugs through Guatemala He received the shipments from Colombia and sent them to Mexico , authorities say He was arrested Tuesday
CNN  -- The young man Miley Cyrus chose to represent homeless youths at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday faces arrest in Oregon , a corrections official said . An arrest warrant was issued for Jesse Helt , 22 , when he stopped checking in with his probation officer for a criminal trespass conviction in November 2011 , said Polk County , Oregon , Community Corrections Director Martin Silbernagel . "  Reportedly , he has returned to the Polk County area , " Silbernagel said . "  We will be attempting to serve him his warrant , at which time he will be taken into custody . " Polk County sheriff 's deputies are not actively searching for Helt because of a staff shortage , but they would arrest him if they encounter him , spokesman Dean Bender said Wednesday . Helt took center stage at Sunday 's VMA broadcast to accept the best video of 2014 award "  on behalf of the 1.6 million runaways and homeless youths in the United States who are starving , lost and scared for their lives right now . " Cyrus , whose "  Wrecking Ball " video was being honored , appeared to be near tears as she watched Helt , who said he was homeless , read the acceptance speech calling attention to the large population of homeless young people in Los Angeles . "  I 've survived in shelters all over this city , " he said . "  I 've cleaned your hotel rooms . I 've been an extra in your movies . I 've been an extra in your life . Though I may have been invisible to you on the streets , I have a lot of the same dreams that brought many of you here tonight . " Along with raising awareness of the problem of young people living on the streets of Los Angeles , Helt 's story caught the attention of corrections officials in northwest Oregon , where he grew up and where his mother lives . If police find Helt , who some media reports said returned to Salem , Oregon , to visit his mother , he will be taken before a judge to decide whether he will spend up to a year in jail or be allowed to resume his probation , Silbernagel said . Helt was initially arrested in October 2010 on burglary , criminal mischief and criminal trespass charges . The burglary count was dismissed , but he was convicted of the mischief and trespass counts , Bender said . "  The media never fails to disappoint . You 've chosen to go after Jesse instead of covering the issue of youth homelessness : " Cyrus said on Twitter after online reports of his arrest warrant were first published Tuesday . "  While the media obsesses over one homeless mans legal issue , let 's help the other 1.6 million homeless youth http://www.prizeo.com/miley , " Cyrus said in an Instagram posting . In a video posted on her Facebook page , she instructs fans to donate through a Prizeo fundraising site to My Friend 's Place , a Los Angeles-area charity that provides support for homeless people ages 12 to 25 . 2014 MTV VMA highlights : Blue Ivy takes the stage , Miley Cyrus grows up CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	An arrest warrant was issued for Jesse Helt in 2011 , a corrections official says Helt stopped checking in with probation officer after criminal trespass conviction , he says Cyrus : "  You 've chosen to go after Jesse instead of covering " the youth homelessness issue Helt could spend a year in jail for his probation violation , the official says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's foreign minister says an apology by the U.S. government for the NATO airstrike that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers would not satisfy the Pakistani government , and the attack demanded a reassessment of Islamabad 's partnership with the United States . "  The incident was grave enough for an apology not to be good enough , " said Foreign Minster Hina Rabbani Khar in a wide-ranging interview with CNN at her home in Islamabad . "  This did require a complete relook at the terms of engagement with the United States of America . " In November , U.S.-Pakistan relations plunged to an all-time low when NATO fighter jets attacked a Pakistani checkpoint near the Afghan border , killing 24 Pakistani soldiers . The U.S. government expressed regret over the incident but has yet to issue a direct apology . The NATO airstrike was the latest in a string of incidents that increased tensions between Islamabad and Washington , including the killing of two Pakistani men by a CIA contractor and the U.S. decision to raid Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan without notifying Pakistani authorities . But it was the NATO airstrike that put some of the most crucial aspects of U.S.-Pakistan relations on hold . Soon after the incident , Islamabad boycotted a conference on the Afghan peace process in Germany and shut down supply routes used to transport NATO supplies from Pakistan 's port city of Karachi to Afghanistan . This week Pakistani lawmakers are set to debate and vote on terms of re-engagement with Washington . The conditions include charging fees for NATO goods transported through Pakistan , an end to U.S. drone strikes on Pakistani soil , and an "  unconditional apology " for the deadly NATO airstrike . Khar said the new terms could help mend U.S.-Pakistan relations and restore the trust and respect that have eroded between the two countries . "  We were partners for the past 10 years . Did we get the respect that a partner deserves ? A partner which has lost many lives , a partner which has had huge economic costs ? I think we must look at this relationship in a more realistic , in a more pragmatic manner , rather than a philosophical manner . " Pakistan 's first woman foreign minister , and the nation 's youngest ever , added that Pakistan is prepared to play a "  crucial supportive role " in the Afghan peace talks . Khar rejected claims that Islamabad has links to Mullah Omar and can persuade the Afghan Taliban leader to take part in the negotiations . "  If what you 're trying to get out of me is if we have links to Mullah Omar or not , the answer to that is no , " said Khar . Washington and Kabul view Pakistan as a crucial player in the Afghan peace talks because of the perception that Islamabad maintains ties to the leadership of the Afghan Taliban . "  I think that the perception of what Pakistan is able to do is blown out of proportion most of the time , " said Khar .	Deadly airstrike forced complete review of Pakistan 's relations with U.S. , foreign minister says Parliamentary debate this week could mend relations , restore trust , says Hina Rabbani Khar She says Pakistan is prepared to play crucial role in Afghan peace talks She rejects claims that Pakistan has ties to Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar
CNN  -- Manchester City striker Emmanuel Adebayor has been handed a three-match suspension for his stamp on Arsenal 's Robin Van Persie last weekend . Adebayor has also been charged for his goal celebration in last Saturday 's defeat of Arsenal . The Togo captain decided not to challenge the charge of violent conduct , so received a fast-track punishment from the English Football Association , which means he will miss this weekend 's Manchester derby . The 25-year-old still faces another charge , of improper conduct , relating to City 's 4-2 Premier League victory against his former club on Saturday . Adebayor -- Hero or villain ? Adebayor raced the length of the field at City 's Eastlands stadium to celebrate in front of the visiting Arsenal supporters after scoring the third goal , and was pelted with items including a plastic seat . The hearing for the second charge has yet to be set by the FA . Blog : Adebayor deserves to be banned The ruling body said in a statement on Thursday : "  A regulatory commission today considered the charge of violent conduct issued against Manchester City 's Emmanuel Adebayor under the fast-track disciplinary procedure following an incident with Robin van Persie during their fixture against Arsenal on September 12 . "  Taking into consideration Mr Adebayor 's acceptance of the charge of violent conduct , the regulatory commission have ordered that he serve a three-match suspension from all football , commencing September 17 . "  A separate charge of improper conduct will be considered at a later date . " City have until September 30 to indicate whether the club and player will contest the second charge . As well as missing Sunday 's eagerly-awaited trip to Old Trafford to face Premier League champions United , Adebayor will also sit out next Wednesday 's League Cup tie at home to Fulham and the visit by West Ham to Eastlands on September 28 . Adebayor has been a key figure since his $ 41 million summer switch from Arsenal , scoring in each of the club 's first four Premier League games -- two of them being the only goal of the match -- to help the team to a 100 percent record . However , his ugly attack on the grounded Van Persie left his former teammate with facial injuries , and his ill-advised goal celebrations have only further alienated from Arsenal fans -- many of whom were happy that he left after the player publicly courted Barcelona and AC Milan last season . City manager Mark Hughes faces a striker crisis this weekend , with only Craig Bellamy of his front-line forwards likely to be available . Robinho , Roque Santa Cruz and Benjani have already been consigned to the injured list and Carlos Tevez is rated extremely doubtful to face his old club .	Manchester City striker Emmanuel Adebayor handed three-match ban by FA The 25-year-old Togo captain will miss this weekend 's Manchester derby Adebayor charged with violent conduct for stamping on Robin van Persie His ban leaves City short of strikers for Sunday 's trip to United 's Old Trafford
CNN  -- Is this Manchester City 's "  David Beckham moment ? " When Yaya Toure 's agent announced his client was unhappy because the English Premier League champion 's bosses failed to wish him happy birthday , social media went into meltdown . The 31-year-old , who earns a reported $ 370,000 a week , has been ridiculed after his agent revealed Toure was left upset by the lack of congratulations afforded to him . According to the player 's agent , Toure was barely acknowledged by the club 's owners when the squad arrived in the United Arab Emirates last week to celebrate their Premier League title triumph . "  None of them shook his hand on his birthday . It 's really sick , " his agent Dmitri Seluk told the BBC . But according to one PR expert , it 's a case of a Premier League player wanting to have his cake and eat it ; a case of professional footballers losing all touch with reality . "  I think it 's a classic way of player trying to take control of club , " Phil Hall , whose clients have included City , told CNN . "  He wants to be king of dressing room and fawned over . "  This is where it often goes wrong . It 's the same as what happened with Beckham at Manchester United . "  In a few months , he was gone . The same happened with Eric Cantona . "  Jose Mourinho has dealt similarly with other players . When a player sees himself as bigger than the club , then it 's time to part company . " It 's unlikely Toure 's behavior would have been tolerated at Manchester United under former manager Alex Ferguson . The Scot ruled Old Trafford with an iron fist and anyone who dared to challenge his authority was promptly shown the door . In his autobiography , Ferguson describes how Beckham , a global brand , had to leave after a heated exchange following a defeat by Arsenal in 2003 . Beckham suffered a cut to his head after Ferguson kicked a boot at him following a dressing-room argument -- a moment which signaled the end of their relationship . "  The minute a Manchester United player thought he was bigger than the manager he had to go , " Ferguson wrote in his book . "  David thought he was bigger than Alex Ferguson . It does n't matter whether it 's Alex Ferguson or Pete the Plumber . The authority is what counts . " While Beckham 's brand was scarcely tarnished , Toure -- who signed a new four-year contract with City just 11 months ago -- could find himself in a far more problematic situation . His agent said the midfielder could leave City if he is not showed enough "  respect " -- and the Ivory Coast star tweeted that he would make an announcement after the upcoming World Cup in Brazil . "  Man City is not respecting the player -- how can he be motivated to play for that team ? " Seluk told Sky Sports News . "  If they do n't want Toure then he can leave at any moment . Many clubs would be interested in him . " According to Hall , the player 's latest outburst is a sign that "  the tail is trying to wag the dog . " "  It 's going to be very difficult for Yaya at Manchester City now , " added Hall . "  When you do something like this then people start using it against you in different circumstances . "  Next time , when he fails to play because he 's got a minor injury , people will start to doubt his commitment again and say , ` Oh , that 's Yaya . ' "  If he did have a problem then he should have dealt with it quietly . He now looks a bit sad . " Toure is not the first player to find himself embarrassed by his alleged excessive demands . Hall cites an example of one player who , having lost money on his property empire , demanded his club pay up the shortfall . Another , who had accrued large gambling debts , urged his club to pay off his creditors because it was having a negative impact on his performances . It 's that type of high maintenance which has helped give footballers a bad name , according to Hall . "  Players need to understand that they are major brands , " he added . "  I ca n't believe they do n't employ specialist employers and just rely on their agent or friend . They need to understand they 're working in the corporate world and not in Sunday League . "  Effectively , Toure has devalued himself already . Potential suitors will think they can acquire him on the cheap and it may do damage to his signing-on fee . " No cake -- but plenty of food for thought .	Yaya Toure 's brand "  left damaged " by outburst says PR expert Agent says Manchester City midfielder is upset by lack of birthday celebrations His future at Premier League 's top club is in jeopardy according to Phil Hall Public take dim view of such behavior from highly-paid sport stars
The U.S. Army has appointed a two-star general to investigate how and why Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl left his base in Afghanistan , resulting in his capture , a senior defense official said Saturday . Bergdahl spent five years in captivity until his release May 31 , in exchange for five Taliban figures being held at a U.S. military detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Bergdahl , 28 , returned to the United States -- specifically to an Army medical facility in San Antonio , Texas -- early Friday . The investigating officer looking into the circumstances surrounding how Bergdahl went missing is expected to begin working on the case next week , though that does n't necessarily signal anything about when the sergeant will undergo formal questioning . The senior defense official declined to name the general who will investigate until there is a formal announcement . Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official recently told CNN . Bergdahl arrived in San Antonio from a military hospital in Landstuhl , Germany , where he 'd been recuperating since his release May 31 in exchange for five Taliban figures held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Officials have described Bergdahl 's condition as stable . With Qatar as the broker , the United States struck a deal with the Taliban to free Bergdahl . The Obama administration did n't tell Congress of the releases . Under law , the White House has to give a 30-day notice to Capitol Hill before any terrorists are transferred from Guantanamo . Believing that his health was deteriorating , the administration said it acted quickly to save his life . U.S. special operations forces recovered Bergdahl without incident on May 31 at a helicopter pickup point in eastern Afghanistan , near the border with Pakistan .	Source : A two-star general has been appointed to investigate Bowe Bergdahl 's disappearance The general is expected to begin work on the case next week , the source said The source declined to identify the general
CNN  -- David Letterman has been taking some heat and issuing some apologies for the off-color joke he made last week about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's daughter , but he found a sympathetic critic in comedian Jeff Foxworthy on Monday . Jeff Foxworthy , the father of two teenage daughters , says David Letterman 's joke was flawed . The best-selling comedy recording artist in history paid a visit to CNN 's "  Larry King Live " to talk about Letterman 's gaffe . "  As a father of two teenage daughters , it was a flawed joke , " Foxworthy said . Letterman joked last Tuesday that Palin 's "  daughter was knocked up by Alex Rodriguez " at a recent Yankees game , stirring up an angry reaction from the Palin family . Letterman has since apologized twice for what he called "  inappropriate " humor . And Foxworthy agreed : "  I do n't think any kind of joke about someone having sex with a teenage girl is funny . " Watch Foxworthy comment on joke " But Foxworthy 's rebuke of the joke was gentle in tone , and he showed empathy for Letterman as well as the Palin family . "  As a comedian , you look at what Dave does , " Foxworthy said . "  You 're trying to do this night after night , year after year , decade after decade -- at some point in the road , are you going to throw one out there you should n't have ? Yeah . " Foxworthy said it 's probably time to forgive and forget . "  It 's about forgiveness , " Foxworthy said . "  He came back and apologized and said : ` Hey , the joke is flawed . ' And to me you move on . " King asked what advice he 'd give Sarah Palin if she received an invitation to appear on Letterman 's "  Late Show . " Foxworthy said he 'd encourage the Alaska governor to accept it . "  Life is about forgiveness . I think that makes her bigger to go on there and say ' I accept your apology ' . " Letterman has insisted he was referring to Palin 's 18-year-old , Bristol , who gave birth to a boy in December , and not her 14-year-old , Willow , in the joke . Palin has called that a "  weak , convenient excuse " for a joke that was "  inappropriate " no matter which daughter was the target . Foxworthy , the author of "  How to Really Stink at Work , " also made some "  confessions " about his pre-comedy career in corporate America . "  I was at IBM for five years ; I do n't know how much work I did , " Foxworthy said . The comedian , who said he used to make prank phone calls to his boss at work to lure him back and forth from his desk , had this tongue-in-cheek advice for people about how far to take things on the job : "  You do n't really want to get fired ; you want to have a job . But you do n't want to do it well , because you 're going to be promoted , and that 's a lot of pressure . Who can have any fun with that kind of anvil hanging over your head ? " Foxworthy is also the host of "  Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader " and talked about the appeal of a game show that spotlights how much people tend to forget after all those years of cramming in facts at school . "  It 's a strange thing why the brain keeps some things , " Foxworthy said . "  Like I do n't know why my brain has all the words to ` The Brady Bunch ' theme song , but it deleted everything about triangles . "	David Letterman made off-color joke about Gov. Sarah Palin 's daughter last week Foxworthy : "  As a father of two teenage daughters , it was a flawed joke " Foxworthy also says he thinks Palins should accept Letterman 's apologies , move on The comedian also has "  advice " about having fun on the job
CNN  -- It 's time mass worker casualties stopped seeming so commonplace . In April , a garment factory in Bangladesh collapsed , killing more than 1,100 people . The previous day , cracks had been spotted in the building 's structure . "  Despite the danger , garment workers were told to report to work , " CNNMoney reported . And on Monday , more than 100 people died in a fire at a poultry factory in northeastern China , not far from North Korea -- an area the Wall Street Journal says is known as "  the Iowa of China . " Sounds wholesome , huh ? All but one of the gates to the burning building were locked during the blaze , trapping people inside , according to state and international media reports . What 's arresting is that most China experts quoted on the disaster expressed little surprise . Many have compared this week 's fire to a similar one at a toy factory in 1993 , which killed 87 workers . In both cases , doors were locked . Workers trapped . "  T  he lack of proper fire safety equipment , exits and training for workers are all too commonplace in China 's factories , " the China Labour Bulletin says in a news release . These events should ignite international outrage . "  What kind of country is this ? " Wang Shoufeng asked this week . CNN reporters found him outside the charred poultry plant . His wife was among the dead , and he was "  yelling at passing vehicles and demanding answers , " the report says . Opinion : The bloodshed behind our cheap clothes His screams must not go unheard -- both in China , a country that seems bent on profit at virtually any expense of human life ; and in the West , where disasters like these can seem so far away , or so unthinkable , that they do n't register in the public consciousness . There are many signs , however , that the China of today is not the China of 1993 , when the toy factory fire made headlines . It 's more difficult to hide in the age of social media , and Chinese citizens are becoming more critical of their government . That 's clear in Wang 's response and that of other victims ' family members , who reportedly gathered at the site of the fire to protest and insist on information . Their questions -- Why were the doors locked ? Why have n't we been able to see the bodies of our family members ? -- should be answered . And I 'll hold out hope they will be , if not by the government than by a crusading citizen . The situation reminds me of Chinese artist Ai Weiwei 's project to name the child victims of a 2008 earthquake in southwest China . When the Chinese government would n't release the names , Ai set out to gather them independently . The result was a fitting tribute to the dead . A work of art . In addition to gathering the names , with the help of volunteers , Ai created a wall of children 's backpacks in Germany . He called it "  Remembering . " The 9,000 backpacks , viewed from afar , spelled out this sentence , which reportedly was spoken by a family member of a child who was killed in the earthquake . "  She lived happily for seven years in this world . " The 1993 fire in China also spawned a hero : Yuying Chen . According to a post on ScienceBlogs , the woman was 15 when she survived the fire at a toy factory . She went on to become "  an internationally recognized human rights leader . " Will someone in China take up the cause of the new victims ? In Bangladesh , too , there are signs the tragedy may lead to safer work conditions , but there is still much progress that needs to be made . At least 40 companies , including Abercrombie & Fitch , H&M and Calvin Klein have signed onto an agreement called the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh . The document envisions , quite reasonably , a world "  in which no worker needs to fear fires , building collapses , or other accidents that could be prevented with reasonable health and safety measures . " It requires safety checks and the like . So obviously everyone signed that , right ? Nope . Walmart and the Gap are notable standouts , according to the International Labor Rights Forum , which is organizing protests of those U.S. companies . Walmart and Gap reportedly are working on standards of their own , which could yield progress but continues to draw criticism . Instead of following on these issues , U.S. companies should be leading the charge for enforceable and legally binding measures that will ensure the safety of workers in all countries . Their unwillingness to do so suggests that maybe they figure these tragedies , and their victims , will be forgotten soon enough . Prove them wrong . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	More than 100 people died this week at a poultry plant fire in China The doors reportedly were locked , as has happened before John Sutter : The world must decide these tragedies finally are unacceptable He says Gap and Walmart should sign onto a safety accord for Bangladesh workers
CNN  -- They dedicate their lives to saving others , but as Ebola spreads worldwide , health care workers must also focus on saving themselves . An American doctor and a North Carolina missionary working with Ebola victims were the first to bring the deadly virus to the United States when they contracted the virus in Liberia and were flown home for treatment . Now , a Dallas nurse has set a similar milestone , becoming the first person known to have contracted the disease inside the U.S. . She was wearing the proscribed protective gear -- gloves , mask and shield -- while recently caring for Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan at a Dallas hospital . Duncan died last week . While the Texas nurse remains in isolation , a nurse in Spain who contracted the virus after treating a patient in that country is struggling for her life . There are so many caregivers who 've become patients . At least 416 health care workers have contracted Ebola , and at least 233 have died , the World Health Organization reports . In Liberia , the worst-affected country , the virus has killed more than 100 medical workers . Since the Ebola outbreak began -- the worst the world has seen -- doctors and nurses have described working conditions no one should endure . Every single move they make in treating a patient must be perfect . One slip-up -- a torn glove or the smallest splat of infected fluid that gets on them -- could cost them their lives . One provider in West Africa spoke of waking up every morning with a sore throat from constantly breathing in the fumes from chlorine that must be constantly sprayed to kill the virus that is capable of thriving not just in living organisms but on surfaces for some time if conditions are right . Health care workers battle not just a disease but rumors among patients in Africa that Ebola is a myth the government is perpetrating . In a profession that already demands much emotionally and physically , these caregivers are pushed to the edge in both respects . They have lost friends , colleagues and patients . All this as they beat back their own understandable paranoia and fear . Have I done everything correctly ? Could I be next ? Caregivers ' cry for help Last week , Doctors Without Borders , an independent international organization that helps victims of tragedies in the world 's most dangerous zones , said that a Norwegian staffer had contracted Ebola . The staffer had been working in the Sierra Leone city of Bo and was being sent to Europe for treatment . Doctors Without Borders said it 's repeatedly asked for help from the international community but "  to this date , very little has materialized in concrete action on the ground , " its website says . The organization 's teams , composed of 3,058 staff working in Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone and Senegal , are seeing "  critical gaps in all aspects of the response , including medical care , training of health staff , infection control , contact tracing , epidemiological surveillance , alert and referral systems and community education and mobilization . " In September , CNN visited Bomi County , Liberia , where there were only two doctors covering its 85,000 residents and trying to care for Ebola patients in a 12-bed facility that was n't even a proper Ebola treatment center . A nurse inside a Monrovia clinic wore a camera showing his job , revealing that he worked inside a clinic with seemingly unclean conditions . Patients were lying on stretchers on floors that appear filthy , and there were open buckets lying around with objects and substances in them . The situation for caregivers across Liberia has become so dire that nurses are now are threatening to strike . Just days ago , CNN 's cameras captured crowds of caregivers yelling outside Liberia 's largest Ebola treatment center in Monrovia . Underscoring the serious consequences of a Liberia without health care workers , President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf arrived to try to calm the crowd . "  We 're trying to meet all their needs , and we 'll continue to do that , " she told CNN , struggling to be heard above the shouting . "  I do n't want to strike , " one caregiver said , telling CNN that he foresees deaths increasing several thousand-fold if facilities ' conditions do n't improve . "  But the President has to listen to the massive health care workers out there , " he said . "  There are angry people . You do n't want to have angry people knocking on your doors during this kind of emergency situation . " This weekend , The Washington Post detailed horrific conditions at a Monrovia Ebola facility where one doctor died from Ebola and another tested positive for the virus . The Post reported : "  Doctors put on their protective gear in the kitchen . There is no incinerator , so a 10-foot pile of Ebola-laced garbage and excrement sits in the back yard . There is no morgue , so bodies sometimes decay outside , next to where patients sit in white lawn chairs . There are no protective hoods for the full-body medical suits , " so caregivers make their own . There have also been questions about how tight security is at health care centers . In August , CNN reported that an Ebola treatment facility in Monrovia was overrun by an armed mob who stole mattresses and equipment . Ebola patients fled , local authorities said . A legacy of self-sacrifice The mother of modern nursing , Florence Nightingale , suffered for her dedication to treating patients during the Crimea War . It 's believed that she also contracted a bacterial infection as she treated the wounded , dealing the effects of the illness for much of her life . Just as Nightingale was revered as a hero , so too was Dr. Sheik Umar Khan , a top doctor from Sierra Leone who specialized in Ebola . He died in late July from the virus . He had been overseeing Ebola treatment at Kenema Government Hospital , about 185 miles east of Sierra Leone 's capital city , Freetown . Doctors Without Borders was treating him . If Khan could get sick , then any other caregiver could , wrote Dr. Oliver Johnson from King 's College London , who treated Ebola patients this summer . Read more : Ebola 's frontline -- battling fear and the deadly virus Even before the Ebola outbreak , Sierra Leone had already been suffering from a shortage of doctors , nurses and infrastructure , he said . The jobs of health care workers were made all the worse when they attempted to track and monitor the contacts of infected people because roads were difficult to traverse . Crowded housing made the effort even more difficult , he said . Yet even with the best medicine in the most modern facilities does not guarantee safety . The nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas who has Ebola had "  extensive contact " at the same hospital with an Ebola patient who died last week , health officials said . The woman had on a gown , gloves , mask and a shield when she visited the patient multiple times , they said , but there was a breach in treatment protocol . Dr. Tom Frieden , the director of The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , did not detail what that breach might have been . But Frieden did say that merely taking off protective gear is "  a major potential area for risk " if not done meticulously , and officials are investigating whether that 's what might have caused the nurse to become infected . Hours after Frieden spoke , nurses who are part of the union National Nurses United gathered in Oakland , California , for their own news conference . Holding up signs that said "  Stop blaming nurses . Stop Ebola , " they blasted the notion that they would be at fault . Her voice rising as she spoke , Katy Roemer , a 20-year nursing veteran , said that colleagues throughout the United States . have reported to the union that they are not being adequately trained to recognize and care for Ebola patients even though they have asked employers for that . "  They have not given us this information , " she said . Enormous pressure and risks What does it feel like to know you 're going to treat a patient with a disease that kills 90 % of its victims ? What is it like to have never before dealt with Ebola , but know that a patient is about to land in your hospital under your care ? "  There was no way to fully prepare for the pressure , the national focus , the immensity of being responsible for curing a patient whose deadly disease was at the center of global debate , " wrote Angela Hewlett in The Washington Post . The infectious disease physician is an assistant medical director for the Nebraska Biocontainment Patient Care Unit at the Nebraska Medical Center where she treated American Dr. Richard Sacra . Sacra , who had worked as a missionary in Liberia , was treated in isolation at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha and then released after testing negative for the virus . She wrote about going through drills and training and about feeling nervous before he arrived . She talked with her family about what they might experience from people judging or making comments born of ignorance and fear about the virus . She also illuminated the difference between a doctor who able to connect and comfort a patient through touch by placing a hand on an arm . Establishing that calm and assurance is a vital and human part of being a caregiver . But Ebola takes that from nurses and doctors . It is interrupted by bulky gear . The key to not getting Ebola , after all , is to keep those suffering separate from others . And yet nurses and doctors continue their work out of practical necessity and because it 's their commitment and passion and because , as Hewlett noted , they are fascinated by how medicine might defeat a virus that 's considered a global threat . And for some in West Africa , it really is a matter of survival . "  What 's else can we do ? If we do n't do it , who will do it for us ? " one Liberian nurse told CNN . "  So we have to take the risk and care for the patients or else our country will be wiped away . " Read more : Cuban doctor train to fight Ebola CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	WHO : At least 416 health care workers have contracted Ebola ; at least 233 have died Caregivers deal with fear among patients and themselves ; many grapple with lack of equipment A Dallas nurse became the first person known to have contracted Ebola inside the U.S. The nurse was treating a Liberian national in Dallas who died from the virus last week
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Malaysian police are still searching for a Pakistani national over the alleged theft of money from bank accounts belonging to four people aboard missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , according to Malaysian investigators . "  We are still trying to locate this Ali Farran , who last worked as a car mechanic , " Assistant Commissioner Izany Abdul Ghany of the Kuala Lumpur Commercial Crime Investigation Department said Monday . Authorities have arrested two people in relation to the alleged theft : an HSBC bank officer and her husband . The bank officer is accused of using Internet banking to transfer money from four passengers ' bank accounts into another passenger 's account . About $ 10,000  35,000 Malaysian ringgit  was then allegedly transferred to a fifth account belonging to Farran , police said . In total , about $ 35,000  110,600 Malaysian ringgit  was reported missing from the accounts of two Chinese passengers , Ju Kun and Tian Jun Wei , and two Malaysians , Hue Pui Heng and flight steward Tan Size Hian . Police have yet to charge the couple , who have been in police custody since their arrest on Thursday . "  We have extended the remand order for the two until Wednesday to facilitate in the investigations , " Izany said . HSBC 's Malaysian branch said it notified police of potential fraud involving the accounts . "  HSBC is deeply sorry for this incident and apologizes to the families of our customers for the distress this will cause and assures them there will be no losses on these accounts , " a spokeswoman said . Flight 370 went missing en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8 . Extensive land and sea searches have failed to find any sign of the Boeing 777-200ER , which was carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew . It 's believed the plane crashed into the southern Indian Ocean , west of Australia . This month , Australian officials announced that Dutch company Fugro Survey would take over the next phase of the search , which was likely to start in September . The company will use two ships equipped with towed deep-water vehicles , as well as side-scan sonar , multibeam echo sounders and video cameras , to search an area of 60,000 square kilometers  23,000 square miles  and depths of up to 7,000 meters  four miles  . Chan Kok Leong contributed to this report .	Pakistani national sought over the alleged theft of money from MH370 bank accounts Two people arrested , including an HSBC bank employee and her husband HSBC noticed suspicious transfers of $ 35,000 from four accounts Accounts belonged to two Chinese passengers , one Malaysian passenger and one crew
LASHKAR GAH , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Toiling in what is the opium capital of the world , farmers in southern Afghanistan are swapping out their poppy plants for wheat crops . A farmer harvests wheat in a field on the outskirts of Kabul , Afghanistan , last summer . The farmers are participating in programs sponsored by the U.S. Agency for International Development , which is offering seeds , fertilizers and improved irrigation to the region in an effort to stop poppy crops and , ultimately , the production of opium and heroin . Observers have noticed a significant decline in the opium trade in Afghanistan , with the number of poppy-free provinces increasing from 13 in 2007 to 18 in 2008 , according to a U.N. report released last year . Opium cultivation in the country , which has 34 provinces , dropped by about 20 percent in a year , the U.N. reported in August . "  It 's a challenge to deliver assistance in a war zone -- you can hear fighter jets flying above us right now , " said Rory Donohoe , a USAID development officer . "  At the end of the day , what we found is successful is that we work in areas that we can work , " he told CNN in a recent interview in Helmand province . "  We come to places like this demonstration farm where Afghans can come here to a safe environment , get training , pick up seeds and fertilizer , then go back to districts of their own . " Watch Afghans speak about the change in their farming practices " Many of Afghanistan 's northern and eastern provinces have already benefited from USAID alternative farming programs , which have doled out more than $ 22 million to nearly 210,000 Afghans to build or repair 435 miles  700 kilometers  of roads and some 2,050 miles  3,300 kilometers  of irrigation and drainage canals . Giving Afghan farmers improved access to markets and improved irrigation is successfully weaning them away from poppy production , according to officials at USAID . Over the years , opium and heroin -- both derivatives of the poppy -- have served as a major source of revenue for the insurgency , most notably the Taliban movement that once ruled Afghanistan . "  If you can just help the people of Afghanistan in this way , the fighting will go away , " said Abdul Qadir , a farmer in Lashkar Gah . "  The Taliban and other enemies of the country will also disappear . "	USAID offering seeds , other help to encourage Afghan farmers to grow wheat Agency trying to wean Afghan farmers from poppy production Poppy plants used to produce opium and heroin Opium , heroin has been a major source of revenue for the Taliban
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Rap star Curtis "  50 Cent " Jackson visited Kenya and famine-hit Somalia this week to raise awareness on hunger and poverty issues . Jackson flew to the southern Somali border town of Dolo , which has provided refuge to the thousands of women and children fleeing drought and conflict in the nation . "  What I am seeing is devastating -- these women and children have risked everything to come to this Somalia camp , just to get food , " Jackson said . "  They need our help . " Somalia has battled famine conditions in some regions and an Islamist insurgency that has disrupted aid to people in danger of starvation . The United Nations declared an end to Somalia 's six-month famine recently , but said the situation is still fragile . The singer teamed up with the World Food Programme for the Wednesday and Thursday visits that included a stop in a slum in neighboring Kenya . In Nairobi , he visited with children at the sprawling Kibera slum , most of whom are orphans . "  To meet those kids was so inspiring , they have nothing , yet they are so positive and optimistic , " he said in a statement posted on the U.N. agency 's website . "  I want to do my part so they get food and an education . I hope more people will join me to help end this devastating situation . " Jackson has pledged to provide one billion meals for the hungry , and is donating a meal from every sale of a new energy drink , Street King , according to the World Food Programme . The rap star has sold millions of albums and produced major hits including "  Candy Shop " and "  In Da Club . "	"  What I am seeing is devastating , " he says Jackson flew to the Somali town of Dolo on Wednesday The town provides refuge to women and children fleeing drought He also visits a sprawling slum in Kenya
Apparently , when it comes to Middle-earth , director Peter Jackson thinks three is the magic number . Last month at Comic-Con , Jackson teased fans with the idea that he was interested in pushing beyond his planned two-film adaptation of "  The Hobbit . " Today , after weeks of intensive talks with Warner Bros. over how exactly that might be achieved , Jackson announced on his Facebook page that he is , in fact , going to turn "  The Hobbit " into a trilogy . "  It is only at the end of a shoot that you finally get the chance to sit down and have a look at the film you have made , " Jackson wrote . "  Recently Fran -LSB- Walsh -RSB- , Phil -LSB- lippa Boyens -RSB- and I did just this when we watched for the first time an early cut of the first movie -- and a large chunk of the second . We were really pleased with the way the story was coming together , in particular , the strength of the characters and the cast who have brought them to life . All of which gave rise to a simple question : do we take this chance to tell more of the tale ? And the answer from our perspective as the filmmakers , and as fans , was an unreserved ` yes . ' " How exactly The Hobbit will be turned into a three-film series is still somewhat unclear , though . As Jackson has acknowledged , "  The Hobbit " is a slender story compared with the far more sprawling and complex "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy . But the director is drawing not only on the original book , but also on more than a hundred pages of appendices Tolkien later wrote that expanded on the world of "  The Hobbit . " Jackson is obviously confident that all of this material taken together can sustain three films and hinted in his announcement at what narrative elements will be incorporated to fill out the trilogy . "  We know how much of the story of Bilbo Baggins , the Wizard Gandalf , the Dwarves of Erebor , the rise of the Necromancer , and the Battle of Dol Guldur will remain untold if we do not take this chance , " he wrote . "  The richness of the story of The Hobbit , as well as some of the related material in the appendices of The Lord of the Rings , allows us to tell the full story of the adventures of Bilbo Baggins and the part he played in the sometimes dangerous , but at all times exciting , history of Middle-earth . " The first installment in the trilogy , subtitled "  An Unexpected Journey , " hits theaters Dec. 14 , 2012 . The second film is slated for Dec. 13 , 2013 . The last installment will hit theaters in the summer of 2014 . See full story at EW.com .	Peter Jackson has announced "  The Hobbit " will be a trilogy The director made the announcement on his Facebook page The first installment in the trilogy hits theaters Dec. 14
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's bizarre private life and change in appearance ended up eclipsing his musical achievements , according to the world 's media . A Los Angeles fire official told CNN that paramedics arrived at Michael Jackson 's home after a 911 call . Jackson 's death from cardiac arrest Thursday has sparked an outpouring of grief from fans , and his life has been given a more measured summing up by news media . Britain 's Guardian newspaper said "  his bizarre life-style and personal notoriety eclipsed his talent and his numerous achievements . " The Guardian said his fame , from the age of 11 , "  had such a damaging effect that his life was permanently affected . " Watch why Jackson is "  as big as it gets " " "  A combination of dysfunctional family and invasive fame ate away at the essentially private singer , whose initially minor eccentricities escalated into grotesque changes to his appearance and lifestyle . "  If ever there was an illustration of the adage that celebrity destroys what it touches , Jackson was it , " the Guardian said . Daily Mail agreed , saying Jackson "  courted controversy and acclaim in equal measure . " Watch Jesse Jackson share memories " "  It was the tales of oxygen chambers , chimp chums , shopping sprees and physical transformation that have brought intrigue and amusement and earned the singer the nickname Wacko Jacko . " The Mail said star 's behavior drew increasing alarm following a "  documentary in which he pronounced sharing a bedroom with a child to be ` charming ' and an incident in Germany in which he dangled his baby son Prince Michael II over a balcony . " The country 's Times newspaper said only a "  handful of performers --  Elvis  Presley ,  Frank  Sinatra , the Beatles -- could outrank Michael Jackson as the most successful popular music entertainer of all time . " However , "  as he approached middle-age , it was Jackson 's abiding interest in children which was his undoing . " iReport.com : Your Michael Jackson tributes Australia 's Sydney Morning Herald newspaper also compared Jackson to Presley . "  Just as Presley was the iconic voice and presence of the 1950s so Jackson enjoyed a similar status during 1980s and 1990s . And just as Presley , driven by the strange demons that seem to haunt the super-famous , died before his time so Jackson has died , aged 50 , in Los Angeles after suffering cardiac arrest . " France 's Liberation newspaper described Jackson as the "  total artist , " but said his physical transformation and way of life brought controversy . Le Monde said Jackson was one of the most famous singers of the 20th century but his image was tarnished by his private life . Kingston : Jackson "  a legend " " Germany 's Bild tabloid agreed , saying Jackson 's private antics had seem him "  dethroned " as the King of Pop . China 's People 's Daily newspaper said Jackson had "  set the world dancing to exuberant rhythms for decades . " "  Jackson 's dramatic stage presence and innovative dance moves were imitated by legions of fans around the world . Sharpton : Jackson "  was a trailblazer " " "  His one-gloved eccentric style also earned him plenty of critics and another nickname , "  Wacko Jacko . " Thailand 's Bangkok Post newspaper said : "  While Jackson ruled the charts and dazzled audiences with electric dance moves like the backwards "  moonwalk " in the 1980s , his once-stellar career was overshadowed by his colorful public behavior , his startling physical transformation and multiple allegations of child abuse . "	Jackson pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. PT on Thursday after cardiac arrest Early fame had very damaging affect on Jackson 's life , says newspaper Jackson compared to Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra
Washington  CNN  They were n't exactly James Bond but the three alleged Russian spies exposed by the FBI are part of the most intense effort by Russia to infiltrate agents onto American soil since the Cold War . In an affidavit unsealed in federal court on Monday , the Justice Department accused Evgeny Buryakov , also known as "  Zhenya , " of posing as a Russian banker in Manhattan to funnel economic intelligence to the SVR , Russia 's foreign intelligence agency . Two other Russians , Igor Sporyshev and Victor Podobnyy , were ostensibly diplomats in Russia 's UN mission in New York but are accused of being Buryakov 's SVR handlers . While Buryakov was operating deep undercover and therefore had no diplomatic protection , the other two have immunity and have already left the the United States . Anecdotes in the affidavit portray the accused spies as bumbling and hapless compared to the stereotype of hard-eyed Soviet-era KGB professionals . Still , news of their existences comes at the most perilous moment in U.S.-Russia relations in decades , with Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin at a standoff over issues ranging from Ukraine to Moscow 's claims it has a right to a "  sphere of influence " in its backyard . A spy operation will only serve to deepen the hostilities . Professor Mark Galeotti , a specialist in transnational organized crime , security affairs and Russia at New York University , said that Russian operations are cranking up against the U.S. and its European allies . "  It is clear that this is a process that has been taking place over time , " he said . "  It is not just about throwing money and people into it . It is the tempo and the aggressiveness that is at the height of Cold War levels . " FBI : Russian spies used tickets and hats to try to hide New York activities Edward Lucas , author of "  Deception : The Untold Story of East-West Espionage Today , " said "  Russian espionage in the West is on a bigger scale than it was during the Soviet period . " "  We are an open society so we are very easy to spy on and we are in competition with a very closed society , which is Russia . They use intelligence as one of the most important tools in the Kremlin tool kit . " U.S. authorities agree . "  More than two decades after the presumptive end of the Cold War , Russian spies continue to seek to operate in our midst under cover of secrecy , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement . Assistant FBI Director Randall Coleman warned that despite the collapse of the Soviet Union , "  espionage is as pervasive today as it has ever been . " "  This case is especially egregious as it demonstrates the actions of a foreign intelligence service to integrate a covert intelligence agent into American society under the cover of an employee in the financial sector , " he said . The affidavit contains details of alleged -- and apparently fumbling -- attempts by the accused SVR agents to recruit female students at a New York University and a boastful American businessman dreaming of riches in the Russian energy industry . Those tid bits have sparked derisive assessments of Moscow 's espionage prowess , echoing the ridicule drummed up by the outing of Anna Chapman in 2010 . She was exposed in an FBI probe into 10 Russian deep cover "  sleeper agents " and was later exchanged with Moscow in a spy swap . According to the unclassified affidavit , the 2015 spies , like the 2010 brigade , appeared to extract little useful intelligence and appeared not to penetrate deeply into the U.S. financial industry . In fact , the two alleged handlers , were caught on an FBI surveillance tape complaining that life as a spy in the United States was n't like it was in the movies . Podobnyy is quoted in the affidavit as saying that he did n't expect to be "  James Bond " but had expected a little more excitement . "  Of course , I would n't fly helicopters , " he said , but confessed he had expected to "  pretend to be someone else " under an assumed identity . The pair apparently communicated with Buryakov using covert and coded methods and conducted 48 clandestine meetings , unaware they were under surveillance by the FBI . Lucas said that in retrospect their missions might look amateurish , but "  all espionage operations look brilliant if they succeed and blundering if they fail . " Close observers of the spy trade argue that media mockery over Chapman , now a TV star and model in Russia , and her apparently unsuccessful comrades in New York , detracts from a long-term , well-financed and painstaking effort by Moscow -- and Putin , a former KGB agent -- to insert "  illegals " deep into Western society . Peter Earnest , a former CIA case officer who now heads the International Spy Museum in Washington , said that a perception had grown that those swept up in the 2010 operation were part of a hapless "  Keystone Cops " operation . "  The Russians under Putin have chosen to invest a lot of money into placing people like that overseas , " he said . "  It was n't clear to the public what these people were doing . " "  They were meant to be sleepers , " Earnest said . "  Typically an illegal sent to another country is a sleeper . He or she is available to handle a very sensitive asset , or in the case of wartime , or some sort of confrontation , be available . " While the agents exposed in New York this week were not "  sleepers " , they were also evidence of a comprehensive Russian espionage program . The latest National Threat Assessment by Director of National Intelligence James Clapper warned last year that Russia , in addition to challenging U.S. cyber security , was also seeking to target U.S. personnel with access to sensitive computer network information . He named Russia and China as the biggest threats to U.S. state security and said they were seeking data on advanced weapons systems and information on U.S. firms and research institutions that deal with energy , finance , the media , defense and dual use technologies . John Schindler , who spent a decade with the National Security Agency working as an intelligence analyst and counterintelligence officer on Eastern Europe and the Middle East , believes the U.S.-Russia spy wars are as vibrant as ever . "  This is the tip of an iceberg , " he said . "  The 2010 illegals program that was rolled up by the FBI was a big success but this was not the end of it . " Schindler said that since the demise of the Soviet Union , Russian intelligence services have rebuilt overseas networks , partly to wage "  economic war " against the West . Such an emphasis is increasingly important at a time when the United States and its allies are imposing economic sanctions on powerful figures and top firms over Russia 's annexation of Crimea and alleged infiltration into eastern Ukraine . The new Russian intelligence offensive has a world of opportunity . Russian businesses and capital are increasingly important to and invested in the global economy . And the nexus between vast Russian commercial and energy interests , and organized crime offers a shady world where spies can prosper . The affidavit in the Buryakov case alleges that the SVR sought to use an official Russian news organization in the United States to get information about high-frequency automated trading systems used on Wall Street and to gauge interest among brokers about Russian products . While it lays out a comprehensive legal case against the three alleged Russian spies , the document also includes several intriguing story lines and leaves key questions unanswered in the fog of the espionage wars . The document includes transcripts of conversations between Podobnyy , Sporyshev and Buryakov -- not just from phone taps , but from what it says are discussions "  inside the SVR NY office . " That leaves open the possibility that the FBI managed to get some kind of bug into the super secure premises . Lucas said its mention may be intended to induce paranoia among Russian intelligence chiefs who may wonder what other sensitive conversations were swept up . The document also says that in the summer of 2014 , Buryakov "  met numerous times with a confidential source working for the FBI . " That revelation may also lead SVR bosses to question the extent of FBI knowledge about their operations . Another question is why did the FBI move now ? "  Arresting a foreign spy is the last option , you would rather turn them or watch who they are taking to , " said Galeotti . "  Why did they decide to arrest this guy ? Did they think they would be about to return to Russia ? Was it because there was a risk that he was going to stumble across something important ? "  Was it time to put a shot across the Russian bows ? " The idea that the United States wanted to make a political point about its intelligence operations at a time of rising tensions appears supported by the robust language of the Department of Justice Press release . "  We will use every tool at our disposal to identify and hold accountable foreign agents operating inside this country -- no matter how deep their cover , " said Attorney General Eric Holder . Bharara added : "  New York City may be more hospitable to Russian businessmen than during the Cold War , but my office and the FBI remain vigilant to the illegal intelligence-gathering activities of other nations . "	Alleged Russian spies seem hapless but may hint at wider operation Arrest comes at time of sharp U.S.-Russia tensions
Pirot , Serbia  CNN  -- In the backroom of a small house in Pirot in southeastern Serbia , a handful of women are fighting to keep an ancient craft alive . Their dexterous fingers race up and down large wooden looms , weaving the bold geometric patterns distinct to Pirot carpets . Once celebrated throughout Europe for their beauty , Pirot carpets graced the walls and floors of Serbian royal palaces , as well homes of the urban elite . Weaved for over four centuries in the town after which they were named -- Pirot , once a thriving trade center on the caravan route between east and west -- they were ceremonially rolled out for state visits , and given to foreign dignitaries . However , what was a thriving craft practiced by 5,000 weavers a century ago is now under threat of extinction , with only 10 women still keeping the tradition going . "  Pirot carpet weaving is our treasure which is passed on from generation to generation . It 's the knowledge I learned from my mother and my grandmother , " says Slavica Ciric who founded the Lady 's Heart cooperative in Pirot with local women in 2009 , to try to stop the skills nurtured throughout centuries from passing into oblivion . "  Carpet weaving is in our DNA , " she continues . "  We were born on carpets and we grew up in houses filled with Pirot carpets . " Mastery of craft Pirot carpets are very thin but extremely dense , and are said to last more than a century . They have two identical sides and are geographically protected , which means that they can only be made in the Pirot area , and out of Pirot sheep -- a rare breed with only a few flocks counting just 250 sheep remaining . Weaving is painstaking work . It requires geometrical precision , supreme skill and creativity in equal measure . Everything is done by hand only , and in the same way as hundreds of years ago . It takes two weavers working simultaneously a month to create less than one square meter . Traditionally a female activity , young girls would start at the loom at the age of 10 , practicing every day for five years to reach a level considered good enough . Their weaving skill had a great impact on their marriage prospects -- it was considered a measure of intelligence because of the knowledge of mathematics required to calculate the size and distribution of patterns . "  When you look at a carpet with an untrained eye , you can see beautiful colorful patterns , but we work out exactly how many of these patterns we can fit within a meter , " says Ciric . "  We have to be visionaries and use logic to see where these patterns will stop , and where the border of the carpet will connect and finish , " she adds . And if a weaver makes a mistake , the carpet is instantly pulled apart , even if the work was nearly completed . Magical meaning The concentration necessary for this kind of precise work often means that once a weaver sits down at the loom , she loses all sense of time . "  The pattern in a mysterious way simply possesses her , drags her into the depth and she 's so taken by her work that everything around her stops . She forgets about the time , she surrenders herself to the pattern , " says Ciric . And it 's those patterns that give Pirot carpets a mystical allure . Weavers say they represent ancient symbols which carry magical meanings and can be read as an image alphabet , and there are 95 varieties which weavers have to memorize . "  It is very mysterious but in every single carpet there is a story which you can read . When I see a carpet I can immediately tell whether it has been made now or in a different period , whether it has been made with love or only to be sold , " says Ciric . Even though this skill is now practiced only by a handful of women , Ciric and her fellow weavers from Lady 's Heart are trying to pass it on to the next generation , organizing winter courses for schoolchildren , including boys . "  There is a new generation coming along and if we manage to pass on this knowledge to them , I think there wo n't be any danger of this craft dying out , " says Ciric . "  We are the guardians of the tradition of Pirot carpet weaving , and we do this with love . " Read this : Resilient Belgrade rebuilds once again Read this : No battery ? Use a ` Strawberry Tree ! ' More from On the Road Serbia Monique Todd contributed to this report .	Carpets have been weaved in the town of Pirot for 400 years They were hung in Serbian royal palaces and celebrated across Europe However , only 10 weavers still practice the craft today Weavers say patterns have magical meanings and symbolism
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton is confident the return of the kinetic energy recovery system  KERS  to McLaren cars for the 2011 Formula One season will give the team a big advantage over their rivals . The system -- which stores up energy created when a car brakes to enhance the vehicle 's acceleration -- was first used in the sport in 2009 , and teams such McLaren and Ferrari used it to great effect . The technology was banned in 2010 as a cost-cutting measure , however , the device will return to F1 next year after a more affordable solution was found and 2008 champion Hamilton believes McLaren 's version is the finest on the grid . "  Our KERS is the best . It shud -LSB- should -RSB- deliver , " the 25-year-old wrote on his Twitter blog Tuesday . Hamilton 's teammate and compatriot Jenson Button also hoped the energy-saving modification could help the team to get the better of Ferrari and 2010 constructors ' title winners Red Bull . "  I 've never driven with KERS before , but this team used KERS last year and used it well , I know because they kept coming by me at the start ! " the former Brawn GP driver said during a McLaren web chat . "  They have so much experience in that area that I think we 'll have an advantage - as will Mercedes and Force India , who use Mercedes engines . "  We 'll have an advantage on Red Bull and Ferrari I think , which is great . We 'll take every advantage we possibly can . " McLaren finished the season second in the constructors ' standings , 44 points behind first-placed Red Bull with Ferrari in third place . Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel won the championship with British pair Hamilton and Button in fourth and fifth places in the standings . The 2011 season begins with Bahrain Grand Prix on March 13 and teams are already testing for the new campaign .	Lewis Hamilton believes McLaren 's KERS will give the team an advantage in 2011 KERS uses energy created when a car brakes to boost its acceleration Jenson Button thinks the device will give the team an edge over their competitors KERS was banned from F1 in 2009 but will return for new season
CNN  -- North Korea has confirmed to Swedish diplomats that it is holding an American citizen , the U.S. State Department said Friday . The State Department has declined to confirm the identity of the citizen , citing privacy issues . But the family of 85-year-old Merrill Newman of Palo Alto , California , has said he has been detained in North Korea since October 26 . Washington does not have diplomatic relations with Pyongyang , and it has been working through Sweden -- the U.S. protecting power in North Korea -- to obtain information about the American . "  We are working in close coordination with representatives of the Embassy of Sweden to resolve this issue , and they also have requested on a daily basis consular access , " State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki told reporters . The revelation came the same day that Newman 's wife , Lee , pleaded for his release . "  The family feels there has been some dreadful misunderstanding leading to his detention and asks that  North Korea  work to settle this issue quickly and to return this 85-year-old grandfather to his anxious , concerned family , " she said in a statement . Newman , a Korean War veteran and retired financial consultant , was last seen aboard a flight from Pyongyang to Beijing . Just minutes before the plane was to depart , he was removed from the flight by North Korean authorities , the family has said . "  He has been detained somewhere in North Korea since that time , " Newman 's wife said in the statement . According to the family , Newman and a traveling companion , Bill Hamrdla , had been on a 10-day organized private tour of North Korea . The family has said Newman suffers from a heart condition and only had enough medication for the trip . "  We have had no word on the state of his health , whether or not the medications sent to him through the Swedish Embassy in North Korea have been delivered or why he was detained , " the statement said . The day before Newman was to leave North Korea , he and his tour guide met with "  one or two Korean authorities , " his son said . During that meeting , Newman 's service record was discussed , Jeff Newman said . "  I understand my dad was a bit bothered , " Newman told CNN . But neither he nor his traveling companion believed there was an issue . The United States this week issued a warning to American citizens against all travel to North Korea , which has become a magnet for adventure travelers after Pyongyang lifted some of its travel restrictions . Newman was a customer of Juche Travel Services of London , company spokesman David Thompson said in a written statement . "  The tour arrangements were handled by the Korea International Travel Company , " Thompson said . "  Mr. Newman had in place all necessary and valid travel documents to take his tour . We have no information concerning what has occurred to result in the current situation . " The 10-day private tour , which included the use of a tour guide , was the culmination of months of planning , Newman 's wife said . "  The postcards sent to friends while on that trip describe good times , good weather and knowledgeable guides , " she said in the statement . The family 's statement came a day after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called on North Korea to release Americans being held , calling the detentions "  very , very disturbing choices by the North Koreans . " Newman is one of two American citizens being held in North Korea . The other one , Kenneth Bae , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor . The North Korean government has said he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . North Korea has not publicly said why it is holding Newman . Is American man detained in North Korea a bargaining chip ? Among the possibilities is his military service . He served as an Army infantry officer during the Korean War , which saw North Korea fight South Korea , the United States and the United Nations between 1950 and 1953 . An armistice signed in 1953 ended the three-year war between North Korea and South Korea . The two sides technically remain at war . It is also possible North Korean authorities mistook him for another Merrill Newman , a Korean War veteran awarded the Silver Star for valor in combat . North Korean authorities are known to routinely run background checks on foreigners , travel agencies warn potential visitors . The first the decorated combat veteran heard about Newman 's detention was in a telephone call from the San Jose Mercury News , which first reported the news of the American 's detention . "  I thought it was a coincidence . I did n't think much about it , " Merrill Newman of Beaverton , Oregon , told CNN . Of his service during the war , he only said : "  I went there , did what I was told and went home , went to college and started a family . ... That 's what you did in those days . " How you travel to North Korea News of the apparent detention came as talks were under way between the United States and China , North Korea 's closest ally , about reviving negotiations to dismantle Pyongyang 's nuclear program . The timing raises questions about whether North Korea plans to use Newman as a bargaining chip in the negotiations , a move the West has previously accused it of doing to try to gain concessions with negotiations . Newman 's detentions bring to at least seven the number of American citizens who have been detained by North Korea , including four who allegedly entered the country illegally , according to the State Department . Two other U.S. citizens who entered the country on valid visas were arrested for other reasons , and U.S. officials have received reports of other Americans being arbitrarily detained , according to the State Department . Previous Americans detained in North Korea have been released when high-profile visitors have traveled to the country to plead their case . Most notably , former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter went on two separate occasions in 2010 . Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a former ambassador to the United Nations , has visited North Korea a number of times over the years , most recently this year to discuss the release of Bae . Richardson 's spokeswoman , Caitlin Kelleher , said he has been "  in touch with his North Korean contacts " regarding Newman 's detention . The photos North Korea does n't want you to see CNN 's Augie Martin , Christopher Laible , Sarah Baker and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Detained man 's wife : "  The family feels there has been dreadful misunderstanding " "  The postcards sent to friends ... describe good times , good weather , " she said State Department has declined to identify the American , citing privacy issues But family of Merrill Newman , 85 , says he 's been held by North Korea since October
CNN  -- AC Milan returned to the top of Italy 's Serie A with a 2-0 victory at home to Siena on Saturday that put the defending champions a point clear of their main rivals . The win lifted Massimiliano Allegri 's team above unbeaten Juventus and Udinese , who face Novara and fourth-placed Lazio respectively on Sunday . Milan could only draw with Bologna last weekend , and struggled to break down a Siena side hovering just above the relegation zone . But midfielder Antonio Nocerino broke the deadlock with a low shot 10 minutes after halftime for his sixth league goal this season , and Zlatan Ibrahimovic sealed victory with his fifth penalty in the last six Serie A matches . The Sweden striker stepped up in the 64th minute after Siena 's on-loan Serbian goalkeeper Zeljko Brkic was ruled to have brought down midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng despite minimal contact . Milan , now unbeaten at home in 18 matches this calendar year , travel to Cagliari on Tuesday before the winter break begins . It was Ibrahimovic 's 10th league goal this season , putting him level with Udinese forward Antonio Di Natale in second place in the scoring charts . They are one behind Atalanta 's on-loan Argentine striker German Denis , who netted again in Saturday 's pulsating 2-2 draw at Fiorentina . Former Italy striker Alberto Gilardino put the home side ahead in the ninth minute , but defender Andrea Masiello leveled for Atalanta with nine minutes to play . Denis , whose parent club is Udinese , put the visitors ahead in the 86th minute but 22-year-old Montenegro forward Stevan Jovetic replied soon after to leave both teams on 17 points after 15 games -- three above Siena . Chievo moved up to eighth place with a 2-0 win at home to Cagliari , as French striker Cyril Thereau scored 10 minutes before halftime and substitute Gennaro Sardo netted on 57 . Thereau was on target for the second time this season , and also provided the assist for Sardo . The defeat left the Sardinians a point below their opponents in 11th .	Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores penalty in fourth successive Serie A match for AC Milan Italian champions return to the top of the table with 2-0 win at home to Siena Atalanta 's German Denis heads scoring charts after 11th goal in draw with Fiorentina Chievo move up to eighth place with a 2-0 win at home to Cagliari
London  CNN  -- Defending champion Martin Kaymer says that being back on The Old Course at St Andrews is "  paradise , " while Hugh Grant likens the opportunity to compete as "  dying and going to golfing heaven . " The Alfred Dunhill Links Championship is a tournament like no other on the European Tour where the world 's top golfers rub shoulders with acting and sporting legends in a four-day pro-am played over three Scottish links -- St Andrews , Carnoustie and Kingsbarns . Five of the six top ranked players in the world -- Luke Donald , Lee Westwood , Rory McIlroy , America 's Dustin Johnson and defending champion Kaymer -- will challenge for a share of the $ 5m prize pot . This year , amateurs making a star turn include former Dutch footballer Johan Cruyff , cricketer Shane Warne from Australia and Hollywood greats Andy Garcia and Michael Douglas . "  It does not get better than this . This is just a magical place and when we get a week like we are getting now , it 's going to be great , " Michael Douglas said . Pros compete against each other in a traditional 72-hole strokeplay competition while also pairing off with an amateur to compete in a team event . Former England cricketer Ian Botham will play alongside John Daly , while 2005 winner Colin Montgomerie will once again pair Michael Douglas , who returns to play in the event after his much-publicized illness . "  I had my cancer bout so I used the Dunhill as a motivation to get my game together . I am playing with Colin Montgomerie . I played with him back in 2005 when he actually won this event . One of my big treats was to be his partner , " Douglas said . Simon Dyson , the 2009 champion and recent winner of the Dutch Open will pair up with rock star Huey Lewis . "  Every time I play here , it haunts me . If you could get up at four or five in the morning and look west , you would see all the folds and ridges - its like nothing you could ever create . It 's perfect , " Lewis said . Not all the star golfers are teaming up with A-listers . Many , including Martin Kaymer , Ernie Els and Rory McIlroy , have chosen more familiar faces , to them at least , and will tee off with their fathers . But the prize for most unexpected and welcome visitor of the week goes to ... the sun . Players and spectators have been basking in unseasonably warm temperatures  so far  at an event where bobble hats and waterproofs are usually essential .	Golf stars mix with A-listers from film and sport at European Tour event in Scotland Five out of six of world 's top-ranked players playing in $ 5m Alfred Dunhill Links Championship Michael Douglas paired with 2005 winner Colin Montgomerie , Rory McIlroy plays with father
It 's the picture we needed to see after the past week 's turmoil . A 12-year-old black boy , tears streaming down his face , and a white police officer embrace in the middle of a Ferguson-related demonstration in Portland , Oregon . The story behind the image is just as touching . The boy , Devonte Hart , was holding a sign offering "  Free Hugs " during a Tuesday protest over a grand jury 's decision not to indict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson . Portland police Sgt. Bret Barnum approached Devonte and extended his hand . Barnum said he approached Devonte "  not as a police officer but just a human being " when he saw him crying . Devonte seemed hesitant to talk at first , but Barnum said he broke the ice by talking about life , travel and summer vacations before asking for a hug . "  The situation itself is something police officers do every day when they go out on the street and make citizen contacts , " Barnum said . The Oregonian newspaper was the first media outlet to publish the photo by 20-year-old freelance photographer Johnny Nguyen . Within hours of its posting on Facebook , the photo had been shared more than 150,000 times , leading the Oregonian to call it "  the hug shared around the world . " "  I really believe in my heart that this is what most people want -- to find the common good in all people and find things we can agree on , not fight about , " one Facebook commenter said . "  I love this picture and wish that little boy the best life has to offer . " Barnum said he was surprised by the overwhelming response but "  really happy " to be part of something that imparted a sense of peace in troubled times . "  It solidified what all of us do this work for -- this job for -- to create good will , " he said . Nguyen said he attended the rally to take pictures for himself . "  When I came across Devonte , who was holding a ` Free Hugs ' sign and tears running down his face , I knew right there and then there was something special about him , " he said . "  My gut told me to stay at the scene despite other photo opportunities in the crowd . " Nguyen captured a few snaps of Devonte and then turned around to get some shots of other people . When he turned back , he saw Devonte speaking to Barnum . "  I thought , what a great scene . A powerful scene . A scene with a message that needed to be communicated . A scene of coming together , " he said . "  They hugged it out , and I got as close as I could and snapped away . " The photo "  spread like wildfire " in a day . Nguyen said he has received hundreds of emails and messages saying how the photograph made people feel more hopeful , that it restored faith in humanity or brought them to tears . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson "  I knew it had something special , something powerful . It had a message I think everyone wanted to see , " he said . "  I think it goes to show everybody was clamoring for hope in the midst of the violence and conflict going on today . I 'm glad my photo has done that . Yes , I 'm a photographer , but in the end , I 'm a human being who wants better for other human beings , and I 'm glad I can play my part by sharing the incredible photo . I wish to see everyone continue to be positive and spread love , always . " CNN 's Facebook audience appeared to agree . As one commenter said , "  This is a powerful message . I applaud you , young man . Sending you a cyber hug . " What did you think of this picture ? Share your thoughts on CNN 's Facebook page .	Sgt. Bret Barnum says he approached boy "  not as a police officer " but as a human Photographer captures hug between black boy and white cop at Oregon rally for Ferguson The boy , Devonte Hart , was holding a sign offering free hugs
CNN  -- The woman charged in a deadly day care fire that killed four small children is expected to be back in Texas within the next 24 hours , a U.S. Congresswoman said Monday . Jessica Tata , who has dual citizenship in the U.S. and Nigeria , fled to Lagos shortly after the fatal fire at her Houston home in February . She arrived in Atlanta early Monday morning and was booked into Fulton County Jail , officials said in a statement . Tata also made an appearance in magistrate court , where she waived her extradition rights . According to U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , arrangements are being made for her transport back to Texas . However , Lee did not know exactly when Tata would arrive in Houston or how she would be traveling . Investigators allege that Tata , a 22-year-old day care owner , left seven children alone at her Houston day care center with the stove on while she went to a store in February . Four children died , and three others were injured in the blaze . Tata was taken into custody Saturday in Port Harcourt , Nigeria , by Interpol and U.S. diplomatic security agents , officials said . At a news conference Monday , Lee said Tata turned herself in to authorities after a "  monumental " effort between the U.S. and Nigerian governments , along with Tata 's family in Lagos . "  We now have the opportunity to move forward , " Lee said , adding that she worked closely with the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria and spoke with the Nigerian ambassador to the U.S. to make sure Tata 's return was a "  top priority . " On Sunday , Lee gathered with Houston 's Nigerian community for a memorial service in honor of the four children lost in the fire , where ministers "  pleaded " for Tata to return home . U.S. marshals were asked to join the search by Harris County authorities after Tata left the Houston area . They added the missing woman to their 15 Most Wanted Fugitives list in March . Tata has been indicted on felony charges in the fatal fire , including four counts of manslaughter , six counts of reckless injury to a child , three counts of abandoning a child under 15 and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . The Harris County district attorney 's office said it would not comment on the case until Tata is back in its custody . CNN 's Antoinette Campbell contributed to this report .	NEW : Jessica Tata expected back in Texas within 24 hours , lawmaker says Tata arrived in Atlanta from Nigeria on Monday , officials said Four children died at her Houston day care in February Tata faces manslaughter and unlawful flight charges
CNN  -- A smartphone app has been launched to help save an Australian indigenous language that is in danger of disappearing . Its creators say the The Ma ! Iwaidja free mobile phone app is the first phone app for an Australian indigenous language and aims to prevent the extinction of the Iwaidja language -- one of Australia 's 100 endangered languages . It is spoken by less than 200 people on Croker Island , off the coast of the Northern Territory of Australia . The app contains a 1,500-entry Iwaidja-English dictionary and a 450-entry phrase book that users can update . "  There has been an enthusiastic uptake of mobile phone technology in indigenous communities in Australia , so the idea is to capitalize on that , " says linguist Bruce Birch , coordinator of the Minjilang Endangered Languages Publication project , which developed the app . "  People have their phones with them most of the time , the app is incredibly easy to use , and this allows data collection to happen spontaneously , opportunistically , " he says . The school on Croker island has eight iPads with the app installed and the island 's community store sells smartphones . The next phase of the project involves creating an online database with a web interface so that users can share entries they create . The team is also creating a new Iwaidja Dictionary app , which will focus on recording a range of information orally , allowing the user to avoid typing , Birch adds . "  We believe the tools we are developing will exponentially increase the involvement of the Indigenous people whose languages are threatened , without the need for difficult-to-attain levels of computer literacy , " Birch says . Read related : Your smartphone is a pain in the neck He is already working on apps for other endangered aboriginal languages . A phrase book app for Mawng and Kunwinjku will be available by early next year . An empty app is also in the pipeline , allowing people to collect data on any language . Until now endangered aboriginal languages were recorded in the presence of a linguist and selected native speakers with recording equipment , Birch says . Now , with the easy-to-operate app , indigenous people whose languages are threatened can record and upload languages at their own pace and at times which suit them , he says , without requiring the presence of a specialist holding a microphone . "  What we have found over the years is that one-way resources do not have much impact , especially on younger generations of speakers , " Birch says . He adds : "  The ability provided by the tools we are developing to easily create , record and share language , images , and video , at the same time as building sustainable databases for future use , involves and empowers speakers of indigenous languages in a way which has not been possible before . " Read related : African apps take on mobile gaming industry In 2012 smartphone penetration in Australia shot up 40 % to 52 % of the population , making it the fourth-highest penetration in the world , after Saudi Arabia , the UAE and Norway , according a Google report . And Australia is currently among the top 30 countries in the world to generate revenue in the Apple App Store for iPhone , according to analysts Distimo . Ma ! Iwaidja is just one example of a recent explosion in unusual smartphone apps developed for Australians . Those living Down Under can now use their phones to find the nearest lavatory , get rescued from earthquake rubble and even know how much sunscreen to wear . The National Public Toilet Map provides directions to the nearest five toilets to a user 's location . The app was created as a project of the National Continence Management Strategy , funded by the Australian Government Department of Health and Aging , as an extension of www.toiletmap.gov.au to "  meet an immediate need for people away from their computer , " explains Michael Rochford , director of Human Solutions Pty Ltd , the developer . The app provides details of 15,000 public and private latrines across Australia , including details on whether there is a baby change room , sharps disposal unit and sanitary disposal bin and whether the water is drinkable . "  Forty-two percent of our users are on mobile devices , with about half of those using the iPhone app . Downloads and usage are significant , " Rochford says . Backpackers can ditch clumsy guide books and use smartphone apps to plan their trips around Australia using The Australia Planner , a free mobile application by Tourism Australia , while those playing non-elite sports can keep up to date with the results , league tables and schedules of their teams via the SportingPulse app . SunSmart , an app developed by Boosted Human , a Melbourne-based software consultancy , provides exact UV levels anywhere in Australia . Users choose their location in Australia and get alerted when UV levels there have reached dangerous levels . The app includes a calculator letting users know how much sunscreen they need to apply according to their body size . Earthquake Buddy , developed by The App Collective , based in Australia , can figure out your location if an earthquake above 5.5 Richter occurs . The app sends an automatic email showing a user 's GPS-mapped location from a secure server to four chosen so-called "  Quake Buddies . " It even allows users to record a video or audio message to their loved ones to be played if they are never found and can function as a bright torch to help them if they are buried beneath the rubble . The Australian Mobile Phone Lifestyle Index , published in September 2012 , found that 69 % of respondents had installed an application to their mobile phone , half of them were using between two and five applications on average per week , while just over a third were using more than six applications . And the app market looks set to keep growing . According to a Deloitte study , the market for developing apps in Australia is expected to be worth more than half a billion dollars in the next three to five years .	Mobile app designed to preserve language now spoken by less than 200 people Australia currently has the fourth-highest smartphone penetration in the world Unusual Australian smartphone apps include one to help people caught in an earthquake
Didier Drogba , the man who secured Chelsea 's first ever European Champions League triumph , leads the nominations for Africa 's Player of the Year award . The striker 's winning penalty in a dramatic shootout against German giants Bayern Munich was his last strike of the ball for the English club , with whom he spent eight seasons . Drogba , who is a huge star back in the Ivory Coast and is credited with a pivotal role in ending the country 's civil war , now plays for Shanghai Shenhua in China . Also on the list is Christopher Katongo , who led Zambia to a maiden Africa Cup of Nations  CAN  victory earlier in 2012 , as they beat Drogba 's Ivory Coast in the final . The minnows stunned the continent as they triumphed at the finals , hosted by Gabon and Equatorial Guinea , and Katongo was named player of the tournament . Like Drogba , the 30-year-old plays in China , for Henan Construction , and has scored 19 goals in 74 appearances for Zambia , as he helped his country ensure they will defend their trophy in 2013 in South Africa . There are a quartet of English based players on the list , with Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure , an Ivory Coast teammate of Drogba , prominent among them . Toure , alongside brother Kolo , helped City claim their first English league title in 44 years in a thrilling end to the 2011/12 campaign and was named in the Premier League team of the season . Senegalese striker Demba Ba has become a firm fans ' favorite at Newcastle United , scoring 23 goals in his 44 Premier League appearances so far . Like Drogba , Nigeria 's Jon Obi Mikel was part of Chelsea 's squad which won the Champions League and also England 's premier domestic cup competition , the FA Cup . Arsenal 's Gervinho was also on the losing side in the CAN final , after his goal helped Ivory Coast beat Mali in the last four . New Barcelona signing Alex Song has also made the cut . After an impressive season with Arsenal the defensive midfielder earned a high-profile move to the Spanish giants prior to the start of the 2012/13 season . There is a place on the list for Marseille 's Ghanaian winger Andre Ayew , who helped take his country to the semifinals of the Africa Cup of Nations in 2012 . Gabon striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is another French-based player to earn a nomination , after finishing as joint top scorer at the CAN with three goals . The final name is Morocco 's Younes Belhanda , who scored 13 times as his club side Montpellier won the French league title . The 22-year-old was named in the French league 's team of the season and was crowned young player of the year . African soccer 's governing body , the Confederation of African Football  CAF  , has also announced five candidates for their Africa-based Player of the Year Award . There are two players who represent DR Congo club TP Mazembe -- Rainford Kalaba and Stoppila Sunzu -- Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Aboutreika , who plays in his native country for Al-Ahly , and Yannick N'Djeng and Yousse Msakni who both play for Tunisian club Esperance Sportive de Tunis .	Dider Drogba leads 10-strong field nominated for African Player of the Year award Ivory Coast striker scored penalty that won European Champions League for Chelsea Christopher Katongo led Zambia to their first ever Africa Cup of Nations triumph English-based trio Yaya Toure , Demba Ba , Jon Obi Mikel all nominated
Paris  CNN  -- French Prime Minister Francois Fillon insisted Saturday that France is a safe bet for investors , a day after the country 's credit rating was downgraded by a ratings agency amid concerns over debt and low growth . France was among nine euro area countries to be downgraded by Standard & Poor 's Friday , losing its AAA rating in the process . Austria also had its top-tier credit rating lowered by one notch to AA + . Speaking in Paris , Fillon sought to reassure the international markets . "  France is a safe country , a country which investors can trust and have confidence in . The rating agencies are useful barometers , but they are not the ones who make France 's policies , " he said . "  France 's rating remains one of the highest in the world . " He also cautioned against politicians making too much of the downgrade -- which had been widely anticipated after S&P put 15 members of the euro currency bloc , France among them , on review last month . "  This decision constitutes a warning that must be neither dramatized nor underestimated , " Fillon said . "  Those who dramatize the situation should think twice : these are indeed the same people who refused to vote on reforms to strengthen our competitiveness and to reduce deficits , whether that be downsizing the public sector or the pension reform . " The downgrade may be seen as bad news for the government ahead of the country 's presidential election in April . President Nicolas Sarkozy of the UMP party is bidding for re-election , with Socialist Francois Hollande considered his chief rival . "  Everyone needs to remain calm and remember their responsibilities , " Fillon said . "  The government remembers its responsibility and is pursuing the strategy agreed on with the president . " Germany , Finland , the Netherlands and Luxembourg all maintained their AAA ratings . But S&P cut the ratings of France , Austria , Malta , Slovakia and Slovenia by one notch . Italy , Spain , Portugal and Cyprus were cut by two notches . S&P warned that most governments in the single currency euro area are at risk of further downgrades given the risk of a "  more adverse economic and financial environment . " The agency said a deeper-than-expected recession in the eurozone would put further stress on government finances . In addition , governments remain vulnerable to further turmoil in the bond market , which could drive up their borrowing costs . Nonetheless , S&P said it welcomed recent moves by the European Central Bank to help prevent a credit crisis in the banking system . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Saturday that Europe still has a long road ahead to restore investor confidence . But , she said in a statement , the right steps have been taken , and measures to cut debt and remove obstacles to growth will soon lead to greater stability for euro zone nations . U.S. stocks finished in the red Friday as investors braced for the impending downgrades . The news came at the end of a week in which solid demand at debt auctions in Italy and Spain had calmed some nerves , however , and eased borrowing costs for those two governments . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	PM Francois Fillon : "  This warning should not be dramatized " Ratings agency Standard & Poor 's took away France 's top-tier AAA credit rating Friday Eight other euro area countries -- including Italy -- were also downgraded by the agency "  France is a safe country , a country which investors can trust , " Fillon says
CNN  -- Branden Grace continued his charge towards a fourth European Tour title of the season with a five-under-par 67 at St Andrews to take a five-shot halfway lead in the Dunhill Links Championship . The South African carded a stunning 12-under 60 at Kingsbarns in his opening round to lead by two , but extended his advantage with more fine play . A bogey at the fourth was followed by five birdies in the next six holes at the Home of Golf and another at the 18th . Grace , who also won on South Africa 's winter circuit last weekend , will face a tougher test at Carnoustie Saturday before heading back to St Andrews for the final round . "  I think the way I 'm playing and hitting the ball I 'm looking forward to playing Carnoustie . The putter is going and I 'm looking forward to it , " he told the official European Tour website . Sweden 's Joel Sjoholm also shot a 67 at St Andrews for a 12-under total to share second place with Dane Thorbjorn Olesen , who carded a fine 69 at Carnoustie . But they will do well to catch Grace , who was one shot shy of the record lowest 36 hole total on the European Tour , set by compatriot Ernie Els at the 2004 Heineken Classic in Australia . But Europe 's Ryder Cup heroes from last week at Medinah were struggling to keep pace . German Martin Kaymer , who sank the clinching putt in Chicago , was faring best but down in 56th place on three under -- 14 strokes behind . Swede Peter Hanson trailed Kaymer by a shot but home hero Paul Lawrie will do well to make the cut , which is made after the third round , having reached the halfway stage on one over and tied for 129th . British Open Els also trailed on one under with twice winner Padraig Harrington of Ireland on level par .	Branden Grace leads Dunhill Links by five shots at halfway Follows his opening 60 at Kingsbarns with 67 at St Andrews Grace has won three European Tour titles this season Europe Ryder Cup heroes trail at three course event
CNN  -- Powerful storms that have ripped across the Southeast killed more than 40 people over the past three days , according to the National Weather Service and reports from several states . A CNN meteorologist called the storms ' impact on North Carolina "  epic . " Among the worst-hit places was Bertie County , North Carolina , a rural area in the northeast part of the state . The weather service reported 14 deaths in the county . Zee Lamb , county manager , said there were 11 fatalities . Photo gallery : Damage from tornado outbreak More than 50 people were taken to hospitals in Greenville , and between 50 and 70 homes were destroyed , Lamb said . "  Reports are still incoming , " Mike Sprayberry , deputy director of the North Carolina Division of Emergency Management , said Sunday morning . The death toll across six states includes another nine in other parts of North Carolina ; four in Virginia ; seven in Alabama , two in Oklahoma , seven in Arkansas and one in Mississippi . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Storm Prediction Center said it received reports of at least 230 tornadoes across the region during the past three days , though some of those reports were likely sightings of the same twister . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell declared a state of emergency "  to direct all possible resources towards responding to this event . " For North Carolina , "  When the storm count is finalized , this will likely be an historic tornado outbreak , " said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . "  It is quite unusual to have this many supercell tornadoes of this intensity strike the area . " iReport : Drive-by look at Raleigh damage North Carolina normally gets about 19 tornadoes a year , according to the National Climatic Data Center . There are 90 preliminary reports of tornadoes in the state in the latest storm system . A single tornado often gets multiple reports , so it is not immediately clear how many there were , Jeras explained . "  But regardless , this is an epic event . " The deaths in North Carolina included three people in Raleigh who were killed in mobile homes , the weather service said . In eastern North Carolina , two people died near Ammon , one was killed in the Bladenboro area and another died in the Benson and Black Creek area , the weather service said . iReport photos : Damage in N.C. | More North Carolina state Rep. Mike Stone reported two additional deaths in Lee County . At Camp Lejeune , according to a news release , roughly a dozen homes were destroyed and as many as 120 were damaged following a series of tornadoes that touched down near a housing area Saturday evening . One seriously injured child was taken to a nearby hospital , according to the statement . CNN affiliate WTVD broadcast images of damaged homes and vehicles in Smithfield , North Carolina , as local residents and emergency workers surveyed the damage . Gov. Bev Perdue declared a state of emergency for the entire state , according to the North Carolina Division of Emergency Management . "  We 've been assured we 'll have whatever federal support we 'll need , " Perdue told reporters late Saturday . The governor said that as of late Saturday , the number of storm-related power outages had dropped from 250,000 to 143,000 . In South Carolina , a tornado cut through Berkeley County , destroying a church and injuring six people , the weather service said . Meanwhile , emergency crews in Georgia , Mississippi and Alabama worked to assess the damage after the storm system moved north through the Carolinas and up into southern Virginia . iReport photos : Lightning strike in Alabama | More In Virginia , three Gloucester County residents died and 64 suffered injuries from the fast-moving storms Saturday , according to Bob Spieldenner , director of public affairs for the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . A tornado also ripped the roof off a school in the county , felled trees that blocked multiple roads and severed power lines , leaving 9,300 people without electricity , according to Spieldenner . In the Shenandoah Valley , in the western part of the state , a child died after being swept away in a flash flood , according to the National Weather Service . Spieldenner said authorities rescued another flood victim , but a third is missing . The storms were the latest in a round of severe weather that has hit parts of the Midwest and South since Thursday . They left a trail of downed trees and power lines , scattered cars and crushed homes as it moved east and then turned north . CNN 's Kara Devlin , Ben Smith , Greg Morrison , Stephanie Gallman , Anna Gonzalez and Georgette Knuckles contributed to this report .	NEW : NOAA 's Storm Prediction Center says it has received reports of at least 230 tornadoes Bertie County , North Carolina , manager reports 11 fatalities , weather service says 14 Storm-related deaths are reported in six other states "  Epic event " for North Carolina , CNN Meteorologist Jacqui Jeras says
CNN  -- The tragic killing of Trayvon Martin and the initial decision by the police not to arrest George Zimmerman for that killing have focused public attention on Florida 's "  stand your ground " law . According to police , Zimmerman claims self-defense , but many observers ca n't understand how a grown man with a gun can plausibly claim that he was forced to kill a teenager armed only with some candy . If that 's the law of self-defense in Florida  and elsewhere  , these observers argue , the law needs to change . The law of self-defense is at its core about reasonableness . If a person reasonably perceives a serious threat of harm , and uses reasonable force to meet that threat , the law justifies even deadly force , and it does so even if it turns out that the perceived threat was illusory . People have differing views of what 's reasonable and , as a consequence , self-defense laws  which vary by jurisdiction  have always attempted to further define the concept . Until very recently , Florida 's definition of reasonableness , as in many states , incorporated a longstanding principle , the "  duty to retreat . " This principle required that someone who found themselves in a violent confrontation had to try to defuse the situation and retreat "  to the wall " before resorting to deadly force . In other words , deadly force was only permitted as a last resort . The basic idea was simple : If more people backed down , retreated or stepped aside , fewer people would be killed . The "  duty to retreat " also made it easier for prosecutors to prove that a killing was not in self-defense . The facts that can be proven are often murky  particularly when of the two people who know what happened , one is the defendant and the other is dead  and prosecutors could often , by pointing to a defendant 's failure to retreat , obtain a conviction even without establishing the precise facts . In American jurisdictions there has long been an exception to the duty to retreat called the "  Castle Doctrine . " As then-Judge  and later U.S. Supreme Court Justice  Benjamin Cardozo explained in 1914 : "  It is not now and never has been the law that a man assailed in his own dwelling is bound to retreat . If assailed there , he may stand his ground and resist the attack . He is under no duty to take to the fields and the highways , a fugitive from his own home . " In recent times , "  stand your ground " laws extended this concept in many states beyond the home to any place where a person might lawfully be found , such as a bar or a public sidewalk . Florida 's version enacted in 2005  over the objection of many in law enforcement  is one of the most far reaching . The law states that a person "  who is attacked " anywhere he is lawfully present has "  no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force , including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to prevent death or great bodily harm . " Importantly , a person can not invoke this provision if he is "  engaged in unlawful activity " or "  initially provokes the use of force against himself . " Finally , in Florida , once self-defense becomes an issue at trial , the prosecution must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant did not act in self-defense -- a heavy burden . This is the legal backdrop against which Florida 's prosecuting authorities must assess all claims of self-defense , including Zimmerman 's . In an ideal world , law enforcement would make this assessment by thoroughly investigating the case and , after determining the provable facts , comparing those facts to the law . Critical to this determination will be evidence reflecting : how the confrontation began and how the suspect acted after the confrontation  prosecutors often look for actions such as flight or a cover-up that indicate a "  consciousness of guilt "  . Perhaps most critically , investigators will compare all the evidence  physical and otherwise  with the suspect 's statement  if any  about what happened . If the investigation reveals sufficient evidence for a reasonable jury to conclude that Zimmerman was not acting in self-defense  as Florida law defines that concept  , he can be prosecuted . If not , charges are unwarranted . Depending on the facts that ultimately emerge , the "  stand your ground " law may ultimately control the legal outcome of the Trayvon Martin case . If , as a result , Florida 's citizens and legislators  and those in other states  see that law in a new light , they can change the law , perhaps leading to fewer tragic outcomes in the future . For it may  as many suspect  be the case that Zimmerman was not forced to kill Trayvon Martin . But in a state like Florida with a "  stand your ground " law , that is no longer the standard for determining whether someone acted lawfully in self-defense . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Bellin .	Jeffrey Bellin : Until recently , Florida 's self-defense law included a "  duty to retreat " In 2005 , Florida overrode law enforcement objections , adopted a "  stand your ground " rule Bellin says that even on a sidewalk , people may defend themselves with deadly force He says "  Stand your ground " may ultimately decide outcome of Trayvon Martin shooting
CNN  -- Family and friends of 16-year-old Daniel Parmertor , one of three students killed in an Ohio school shooting , said their final goodbyes Saturday as he was laid to rest . "  I just ca n't believe what happened . He was honestly the sweetest person I 've ever met . He 's such a good person and I ca n't believe he 's gone , " said Parmertor 's friend , Gabby Cveljo , CNN affiliate WEWS reported . Funeral services for the slain student were held at the Church of St. Mary in Chardon , Ohio , the network said . Mourners marched silently to the church , carrying the American flag . Others had signs with hearts and stood outside , wrapped in blankets against the cold . Parmertor was killed this week when a lone gunman opened fire on students in Chardon High School 's cafeteria . Two other students were hospitalized and another was grazed by gunfire . The shooting rocked the school and the community of 5,100 people about 30 miles east of Cleveland . Authorities say T.J. Lane , 17 , is charged him with three counts of aggravated murder , two of attempted aggravated murder and one of felonious assault . The latter is related to the student who was grazed by a bullet . Prosecutor David Joyce filed charges against Lane on Thursday in juvenile court . The defendant 's next court appearance will be Tuesday , and a hearing scheduled for March 19 will discuss a motion to transfer his case to an adult court . Lane 's friends have said that the teen had a troubled childhood . His parents had both been charged with domestic violence against each other , according to court documents . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and was charged in an assault on another woman . "  I think there 's a lot of kids that go through things like that . That does n't give them the right to kill other people , " said Bob Parmertor , Daniel Parmertor 's grandfather . "  No one has the right to shoot other people because they 've had a rough life . "	NEW : 16-year-old Daniel Parmertor is remembered as sweet , a good person Funeral services for him were held on Saturday Mourners carried American flags and signs with hearts A gunman opened fire on students this week in Chardon High School 's cafeteria
CNN  -- Zieba Shorish-Shamley 's Afghanistan does n't exist anymore . As recently as the 1970s , Afghan women could be seen wearing miniskirts in Kabul . The tea and fresh fruit her Muslim family shared over laughter with their Jewish friends at home . The female lawmakers who spoke out in Afghanistan 's parliament . The tourists who were so enchanted by Kabul , the country 's cosmopolitan capital , they called it the "  Paris of Central Asia . " When the Afghan native recently returned home , all of those childhood memories seemed like a mirage . What she saw instead was what many Americans now associate with Afghanistan : destruction . "  When I got off the plane , I cried my eyes out , " she said . "  Most of Kabul was destroyed . " Shorish-Shamley 's memories represent a side of Afghanistan that 's easily overlooked . As Afghans prepare to pick a president in their national election Thursday , much of the media has focused on pre-election violence . Afghanistan has often been portrayed as a barbaric country where warfare has been a way of life for centuries . But not long ago , Afghanistan was something else : a politically stable , religiously moderate government that recognized women 's rights , Afghan natives and scholars say . Elizabeth Gould , co-author of "  Invisible History : Afghanistan 's Untold Story , " says a U.S. diplomat visiting Afghanistan in the early 1970s said its citizens were so passionate about democracy that he saw them debate their constitutional rights in the streets . "  The years after World War II , in the '50s , '60s and early '70s , were the golden years , " Gould said . Afghanistan 's ` wave of freedom ' Afghanistan 's earlier stability started at the top . It rested in part on its royal leadership . The country was ruled by a king , Mohammad Zahir Shah , from 1933 to 1973 . Though a monarch , some say Zahir Shah tried to spread the power in Afghanistan . In 1964 , he convened a council of scholars , religious and tribal leaders to create a constitution that supported more individual freedoms . Critics say , however , that the shah was slow to implement those democratic reforms . "  The king and some of the people who worked for the king believed in democracy and the rights of people , " said Shorish-Shamley , now founder and director of the Women 's Alliance for Peace and Human Rights in Afghanistan . "  It was the '60s , and there was a wave of freedom . " Shorish-Shamley says Afghanistan was , in some ways , ahead of the United States when it came to empowering women . "  We had more women in parliament than the U.S. had in Congress at the time , " she said . "  We were moving toward democracy . People did n't have much , but they were happy . " That wave of freedom filtered down to ordinary people 's lives , says Tanya Amri , an Afghan-American who spent her early childhood in Kabul . Amri remembers an idyllic time . Her mother worked as a journalist , and her father worked at the U.S. Embassy . There was hardly any crime in Kabul , and the government was stable , she says . When she tells some Americans that her mother worked as a journalist in Afghanistan , they ca n't digest the news . "  They ask me if my mom wore a burka , " said Amri , who is writing a book about Afghanistan 's food and cultural heritage . "  I tell them she wore a miniskirt . " Religious intolerance may be a problem in Afghanistan today , but not as much in the past , Amri says . The country has a history of religious tolerance . Its mixed religious heritage could be seen in two soaring statues of Buddha that were carved into a cliff in central Afghanistan . Buddhist monks lived in the caves behind the cliff , she says . "  At one point , Afghanistan was a Buddhist country , " Amri said . "  In those caves , 2,000 monks used to meditate . " The Taliban , however , demolished the statues in early 2001 because they deemed them graven images offensive to Islam . Afghanistan 's earlier religious tolerance was due in part to geography . It was at the intersection of the ancient world 's great civilizations , says Paul Fitzgerald , co-author of "  Invisible History . " Afghanistan was crisscrossed by the Silk Road , an ancient network of routes that linked China to Rome . Wool , gold , silk and spices were dispatched over the roads , and Buddhist and Hindu pilgrims settled into Afghanistan , Fitzgerald says . "  Afghanistan has been called the graveyard of empires , but it 's more of a crossroad of cultures , " Fitzgerald said . The cultural richness is what Shorish-Shamley remembers from her childhood . Though she was a Muslim , she remembered attending Jewish holiday celebrations . Hindus , Sikhs , Shiites and Sunnis lived easily with one another , she says . "  My mother 's best friends were Jewish , " she said . "  My mother had a set of cups and dishes that were kosher that she kept for her friends when they came over for dinner . " Is the past romanticized ? Yet there are others who say it is tempting to romanticize Afghanistan 's past . Christine Beasley , the program manager in Afghanistan for World Vision , a Christian humanitarian group , says Afghanistan did modernize in the 1960s and the 1970s . But most of the country 's rural areas remained conservative in their practice of Islam and treatment of women . "  There was relative stability , but the changes in the '60s and '70s were confined to very small , urban elite , primarily around Kabul , " Beasley said . Afghanistan 's stability started to unravel in 1973 . A military coup ousted the king . If he was so just , why would a coup succeed ? Fitzgerald says Afghans grew unsatisfied because change was n't coming quick enough to the impoverished country . "  It was the lack of progress at modernization by the traditional Afghan government that was the source of unrest , " Fitzgerald said . "  It was not the fact that they were modernizing . They did n't have the economy to absorb all of those educated Afghans . " In the late 1970s under a communist regime , Afghanistan 's internal stability worsened . In 1979 , the Soviet Union invaded and deposed the country 's leader . But Soviet forces ended up getting bogged down in a 10-year-long military conflict . The Soviets were finally driven out by U.S.-backed Afghan resistance fighters . Afghan resistance leaders formed a government but it eventually descended into civil war . In 1996 , the Taliban stepped into the power vacuum left by feuding factions and took control . The Taliban , though largely indigenous to Afghanistan , was nurtured by Pakistan 's military and intelligence services . The Taliban "  would have never been able to take over Afghanistan without that support , " says Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst . "  The Taliban has to be viewed as a creation of Pakistan intelligence with the objective of taking over Afghanistan and putting in a Pakistani-friendly government , " says Elizabeth Gould , author of "  Invisible History . " Shorish-Shamley , the Afghan women 's activist , agrees with Gould and says it is useless to negotiate with the Taliban . "  There is no such thing as a moderate Taliban , " she said . "  If you will show me a moderate Nazi , I will show you a moderate Taliban . " Perhaps Afghanistan can recover its stability . Afghans and exiles recommend the same solutions : weed out government corruption , oust the Taliban , boost economic development and prevent Pakistan from interfering in Afghanistan 's internal affairs . Amri , the Afghan-American who is writing a book about her native country 's heritage , says nostalgia will not be enough . She and other Afghans must return to Afghanistan to help it recover . "  It 's up to the people of my generation to go back and contribute , " she said . "  I 'm very hopeful . Nothing lasts forever . I hope it happens in my lifetime . "	Afghan exile says her world does n't exist anymore She says Kabul was the "  Paris of Central Asia " Afghans say their country was stable and tolerant not long ago Others say Afghanistan 's golden age was confined to cities
CNN  -- The first time , it happened almost by accident . Just hours after delivery , a baby born with HIV in Mississippi was given high doses of three antiretroviral drugs . More than three years later , doctors say the little girl has no evidence of the life-threatening disease in her blood , despite being off medication for nearly two years . Now doctors say another child born with the virus appears to be free of HIV after receiving similar treatment . The case report was presented at the annual Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Boston this week . The girl was delivered at Miller Children 's Hospital in Long Beach , California , last summer to a mother with HIV who had not received antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy . Doctors gave the baby high doses of three drugs -- AZT , 3TC and Nevirapine -- four hours after birth . Eleven days later , the virus was undetectable in her body and remained undetectable eight months later . The California baby is still on antiretroviral treatment , so it 's too soon to tell if the child is actually in remission . "  Taking kids off antiretroviral therapy intentionally is not standard of care , " said Dr. Deborah Persaud , a virologist with Johns Hopkins Children 's Center who has been involved in both cases . "  At this time , there is no plan to stop treatment . " While doctors around the world are trying to duplicate the Mississippi case , more research needs to be done before new standards are implemented for treating babies born with HIV . "  This has to be done in a clinical trial setting , because really the only way we can prove that we 've accomplished remission in these cases is by taking them off treatment , and that 's not without risks , " Persaud said during her presentation at the conference . A clinical trial designed to test the effectiveness of early treatment on infants born to HIV-positive mothers is set to begin in the next couple of months , she said . Infants will be started on a combination of antiretroviral therapy within 48 hours of birth and followed "  for an extended period of time to determine if the virus can be eradicated from their bodies , " according to the National Institutes of Health . The results could be a game changer in the fight against AIDS . Timeline : AIDS moments to remember The Mississippi baby The child in Mississippi was born to a mother who received no prenatal care and was not diagnosed as HIV-positive herself until just before delivery , according to a case report published in October in the New England Journal of Medicine . Researchers : Toddler cured of HIV "  We did n't have the opportunity to treat the mom during the pregnancy as we would like to be able to do , to prevent transmission to the baby , " said Dr. Hannah Gay , a pediatric HIV specialist at the University of Mississippi Medical Center . Doctors administered the antiretroviral drugs 30 hours after the girl was born in hopes of controlling the virus . Within a couple of days , Gay confirmed the child was HIV-positive . She said the baby had probably been infected in the womb . The child remained on antiretroviral drugs for approximately 15 months . Her mother then stopped administering the drug for some reason , Gay said . In March 2013 , researchers announced that the girl was the first child to be "  functionally cured " of HIV . A "  functional cure " is when the presence of the virus is so small , lifelong treatment is not necessary and standard clinical tests can not detect the virus in the blood . Gay told CNN the timing of intervention -- before the baby 's HIV diagnosis -- may deserve "  more emphasis than the particular drugs or number of drugs used . " The researchers believe "  the very early therapy is blocking the spread of HIV into viral reservoirs that hold the virus for a lifetime , " Persaud explained . High-risk exposure Researchers have long known that treating HIV-positive mothers early on is important , because they pass antibodies on to their babies . All HIV-positive moms will pass on those antibodies , but only 30 % will transmit the actual virus , said Dr. Katherine Luzuriaga , an immunologist at the University of Massachusetts who worked closely with Gay . And HIV-positive mothers who are given appropriate treatment pass on the virus in less than 2 % of cases . "  So all babies are born antibody-positive , but only a fraction of babies born to HIV-positive women will actually get the virus , and that fraction depends on whether the mom and baby are getting antiviral prophylaxis  preventive treatment  or not . " Newborns are considered high-risk if their mothers ' HIV infections are not under control or if the mothers are found to be HIV-positive when they 're close to delivering . Usually , these infants would get antiviral drugs at preventive doses for six weeks to prevent infection , then start antiretroviral therapy , or ART , if HIV is diagnosed . ART is a combination of at least three drugs used to suppress the virus and stop the progression of the disease . But they do not kill the virus . Tests showed the virus in the Mississippi baby 's blood continued to decrease and reached undetectable levels within 29 days of the initial treatment . HIV may be ` functionally cured ' in some The ` Berlin patient ' Researchers say the only other documented case of an HIV cure is that of Timothy Brown , known as the "  Berlin patient . " In 2007 , Brown , an HIV-positive American living in Germany , was battling both leukemia and HIV when he underwent a bone marrow transplant that cured not only his cancer but his HIV . In an interview last year , Brown told Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , that he was still HIV-free . "  I 've been tested everywhere possible , " said Brown , who now lives in San Francisco . "  My blood 's been tested by many , many agencies . I 've had two colonoscopies to test to see if they could find HIV in my colon , and they have n't been able to find any . " But Brown 's case is apparently unique . And the procedure , which is extremely dangerous , wo n't work in most patients because the bone marrow he received had a special genetic mutation that made the stem cells in it naturally resistant to the virus . Researchers tell CNN only 1 % of Caucasians -- mostly Northern Europeans -- and no African-Americans or Asians have this particular mutation . In June , five years after he was "  cured , " reports surfaced that "  traces " of the virus had been found in Brown 's blood . Even then , some HIV experts said that does n't matter , that he 's been cured . In fact , many AIDS experts said they believe Brown has experienced what 's called a "  sterilizing " cure , meaning the virus has been eliminated from the body entirely . In July , Boston researchers said two HIV patients showed no sign of the virus in their blood following bone marrow transplants . However , researcher Dr. Timothy Henrich said in December that the virus had returned .	Baby born with HIV in California appears to be free of the virus She was given high doses of three antiretroviral drugs shortly after birth Case is similar to Mississippi baby "  functionally cured " of HIV A clinical trial designed to test effectiveness of this treatment is starting soon
The embattled head of the Internal Revenue Service blames faulty technology for what he called serious problems under investigation by Congress , the Justice Department and the Treasury inspector general . John Koskinen told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday that he apologized to anyone who had their application for tax-exempt status held up by IRS targeting of political labels . "  The improper criteria used to highlight organizations for investigation just by their name was a mistake , " Koskinen said . "  I apologize to anybody who ever had their applications held up needlessly . Everybody needs to be confident that the IRS is going to treat them fairly no matter who they are . Republicans , Democrats , whatever organization they belong to . So it 's a serious matter . " However , he maintained that evidence uncovered so far by six investigations found no involvement by the White House , as alleged by some Republicans . In particular , GOP critics contend a hard drive crash that wiped out e-mails of the woman at the center of the controversy -- former IRS official Lois Lerner -- looked like a cover-up . "  It is suspicious . When we uncovered it , we pursued evidence , " Koskinen said , adding that the agency also looked at other hard-drive failures in recent years . "  I think we need to pull all this together , see what we know and proceed . " At the same time , he noted technology problems occurred regularly , with 2,000 hard drives failing so far this year at the agency , which has about 90,000 employees . Fed official : IRS did not follow the line Congressional Republicans pummeled Koskinen with questions and accusations this week , all but accusing him of perjury . But he hit back at committee hearings and in the CNN interview . "  It 's not my intention at all to play games with the Congress , " he said , adding that "  people need to feel comfortable that it 's not a politicized agency , that it treats people fairly whoever they are . " Asked by Blitzer whether he regretted taking the job , Koskinen joked he should have read the fine print ahead of time . No regrets , he added , citing the need to fulfill an important public service . A government veteran , the 74-year-old Koskinen is taking the brunt of congressional pressure after the agency admitted it lost thousands of e-mails wanted by lawmakers investigating the targeting scandal . Rep. Paul Ryan , a Wisconsin Republican , flat out questioned whether Koskinen was being truthful with Congress , and Darrell Issa , the Oversight chairman , called him out for being evasive . On Thursday , Koskinen repeated his belief that an independent prosecutor would be unnecessary and a waste of taxpayer dollars with the other investigations underway . Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas said Thursday that Attorney General Eric Holder , a frequent target of GOP attacks , should be impeached for refusing to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the missing Lerner e-mails . "  Make no mistakes . These e-mails have n't just been lost , " Cruz said on the Senate floor . "  These e-mails have been deleted , taped over and the hard drive physically destroyed , according to public news reports . " Asked by Blitzer whether a criminal investigation was warranted , Koskinen replied : "  I do n't think ... at this time there 's any evidence of that . " Top IRS official beats back Republican barrage Lerner , who ran the division that carried out the IRS targeting , resigned last year after the Treasury Department 's inspector general found those working under her used "  inappropriate " criteria to scrutinize certain groups , particularly those with conservative political names . Since then , she has refused to testify at hearings , invoking her constitutional right not to do so . Earlier this month , the IRS told Congress that a 2011 crash of Lerner 's computer hard drive meant that e-mails until that point had been lost . The IRS targeting was first noticed by the agency after that time . Koskinen noted Thursday that the agency had recovered 24,000 Lerner e-mails by other means and was cooperating fully with all investigations of the matter . When Blitzer noted that taxpayers believe the IRS would never accept the excuse of a hard drive crash for filing an improper return , Koskinen responded that the agency tries to work with people to resolve the situation . "  We historically , if a taxpayer has lost electronic records , have said if you have other indications and evidence of what went on , we 'll take that from you , " he said . "  If you lose a document , it does n't mean you lose the argument . We actually work with taxpayers to say we 'll look at other evidence ... and if we can find any evidence to support your case -- and , in fact , if the circumstances support your case , we 'll support you and you wo n't have any problems . " On Wednesday , a Republican congressman revealed Lerner e-mails that asked whether the IRS should look into an invitation for GOP Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa to appear at a seminar . The disclosure of the e-mail exchanges by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp of Michigan further inflamed GOP sentiment against Lerner . However , it was not clear from the e-mails whether Lerner was referring to an audit of Grassley personally or the group that invited him and was possibly offering to pay for his wife to attend . Her lawyer said Lerner acted appropriately , and Koskinen said Thursday the intent was unclear . Democrats accuse House Republicans of politicizing the IRS investigation , noting that some liberal seeking tax exempt status also were also targeted by the agency . E-mails : Ex-IRS official Lois Lerner queried Sen. Chuck Grassley invitation	IRS chief John Koskinen is interviewed by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Koskinen apologizes to anyone targeted by IRS No need for a special prosecutor , he says GOP Sen. Cruz says Attorney General Holder should be impeached
Grossetto , Italy  CNN  -- A judge on Saturday barred environmental and consumer groups from participating in a criminal court investigation into the wreck of cruise liner Costa Concordia that killed at least 25 people , attorneys said . But the judge allowed the island of Giglio , whose waters were where the ship ran aground in January , to remain as an injured party , said attorneys who participated in Saturday 's closed court proceeding . Italy 's civil protection agency was also deemed an injured party Saturday , attorneys said . The injured parties can present evidence and request additional analysis of any element of the investigation , attorneys said . Meanwhile , Prosecutor Francesco Varusio confirmed that ship captain Francesco Schettino is being investigated , with allegations of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck , abandoning ship , failing to report an accident to the coast guard , and destroying a natural habitat against him . Giglio is a protected park . His first officer , Ciro Ambrosio , and six other officers both on the ship and from the firm Costa in Genova are under investigation on allegations including manslaughter , shipwreck and failure to report the accident , Varusio told CNN . Ambrosio 's attorney , Salvatore Catalano , provided CNN with a copy of a court transcript of the interrogation of Ambrosio , in which he tells prosecutors that captain Schettino was n't wearing his glasses when he set the parameters on the radar system . Ambrosio also told the prosecutors that during the voyage , Schettino asked Ambrosio several times to adjust ship instruments because he could n't see , the transcript says . Schettino was in command of the ship at the time of the accident , Ambrosio told prosecutors , according to the transcript . "  Schettino was in denial about the gravity of the situation , " Ambrosio says in the transcript . "  He asked us not to tell the coast guard how serious the situation was . "  He did n't want us to contact the coast guard about the accident , " Ambrosio also says in the transcript . When asked by CNN about Ambrosio 's statements on the transcript , Schettino 's attorney , Bruno Leporatti , declined to comment . The ship 's owner , Costa Cruiselines of Genova , also was allowed Saturday to remain as an interested party in the preliminary hearings , but not as an injured party , the attorneys said . The company is allowed to remain in the proceeding because the eight persons under investigation are the firm 's employees , the attorneys said . Judge Valeria Montesarchio , who presided over the near five-hour hearing , will rule on March 9 on when the ship 's black box will be opened and analyzed , attorneys said . The next hearing is set for July 21 in Grosseto . Saturday 's court action was a preliminary hearing and is akin to a U.S. grand jury investigation , also a closed proceeding . The tribunal , which marked the second preliminary hearing so far in the catastrophe , was held in the Moderno theater to accommodate many of the 4,200 passengers and crew who are named as injured parties . Attorneys participating in the hearing told CNN of what happened behind the closed doors . More than 70 lawyers and 20 passengers and relatives of the missing attended the hearing . No one has been charged in the Costa Concordia incident , though charges are expected , attorneys added . Carlo Rienzi , president of Codacons , the consumer advocacy group for Italy 's tourism sector , said the judge on Saturday barred environmental and consumer groups . Rienzi 's group has joined two American law firms -- Proner & Proner , and Napoli Bern Ripka Shkolnik -- in representing several hundred passengers in civil law suits against Costa 's parent company , Carnival Cruise Lines , of Miami , Florida . On Thursday , the prosecutor temporarily suspended the DNA identification of the latest eight bodies found aboard the shipwreck last month . Families were notified on Thursday that a court-appointed expert must be present because of the manslaughter investigation . The expected resumption of the identification efforts was n't immediately known , attorneys said . One of those eight bodies is 5-year-old girl whose identity has already been established without confirmation by DNA testing , authorities said . The cruise liner ran aground January 13 when it struck rocks and turned on its side off the Italian island of Giglio . Seven persons remain missing in the incident , and a total of 25 bodies have been found , authorities said . The total death toll is estimated to be 32 persons , officials said . Of the 25 bodies found , 18 have been identified , authorities said . Giulia Bongiorno , an attorney representing 67 Italian and German passengers who were aboard the Costa Concordia , told CNN that she made a formal court request that the black box data be analyzed from the moment the cruise liner started registering data -- prior to leaving the port of Civitavecchia -- to determine whether the officers and crew followed proper procedure and to determine at what point and under whose command the ship deviated from its route . Bongiorno was also the attorney who represented Raffaele Sollecito , the boyfriend of Amanda Knox , who were both convicted in Italy in the murder of Knox 's roommate , Meredith Kercher . Sollecito and Knox both successfully appealed their convictions last year and were freed . Sergio Amerotto , 67 , a passenger on the Costa Concordia , said he attended Saturday 's hearing because he is seeking to bring to justice those responsible for the tragedy . "  We are here so those who lost their lives did not die in vain , " he told CNN . "  We need to understand who is responsible for their deaths . The captain did absurd things , but the black box will reveal who else acted irresponsibly . " Barbie Nadeau contributed from Grossetto , Italy , and CNN 's Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	Judge in the Costa Concordia case admits Giglio island and a civil agency as injured parties The captain and 7 more employees are being investigated Skipper Francesco Schettino was n't wearing his glasses , first officer told investigators Schettino could n't adjust instruments because he could n't see , first officer says
CNN  -- As criminal attorneys , we know that tragic cases very often bring festering social issues into public view . Bill Cosby was right : The Trayvon Martin case brings to the surface troubling questions not only about race but also about the role of handguns in our society . Now that the shooter , George Zimmerman , has been charged with second-degree murder , his defense under Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " law will become the focus of discussion . This law is grounded in a factual error and a deeply flawed principle . The factual error is that a proliferation of handguns makes us safer . The flawed principle is that somehow the right to bear arms needs to be enlarged to a right to resolve disputes with guns . The notion that guns make us safer is a fallacy . People with guns in their homes are much more likely to be killed with their own gun -- by accident , domestic violence or suicide -- than to use it ever against an intruder , according to Arthur Kellermann , writing in the New England Journal of Medicine . Similarly , people who carry guns are more likely to be shot and killed than those who are unarmed . A University of Pennsylvania study found that people carrying guns were 4.5 times more likely to be shot and 4.2 times more likely to be killed . That study 's author , Charles Branas , has speculated that one reason may be that guns give carriers a sense of empowerment that causes them to overreact in tense situations . That may be precisely what happened in the case of Zimmerman . Florida 's Stand Your Ground law changed the previous understanding of self-defense in a simple way . Traditionally , one could only claim self-defense if there was no reasonable chance to retreat from a situation where one felt threatened . The revised law says if you feel threatened with imminent great bodily harm , you may use force , including guns , against the person you find threatening , even if there is a reasonable opportunity to retreat . What this invites is the settling of personal disputes with guns , as evidenced by a 300 % increase in the number of killings by private citizens justified by "  self-defense " in Florida since the law passed . Most murders involve young men , often as both shooter and victim , as in the Trayvon Martin case . Young men , of course , often get in conflicts where they are threatening one another : that is , where both of them are trying to scare the other with "  imminent great bodily harm . " Florida 's law may allow one of those chest-bumping young men , without consequence , to end the mutual dispute by shooting the other dead on the street . When it is over , the only witness may be the shooter , and his version of events will presumptively control . There is no morality in this rule . Nothing in our Constitution even vaguely promotes the redress of grievances with guns ; the "  redress of grievances " clause of the First Amendment has nothing to with the "  right to bear arms " described in the Second Amendment . Rather , what the Constitution protects is the ability to redress our grievances by petitioning our government . There may be no more damning indictment of our society than this : We too often seem to be equipping our young men with the guns and excuses to kill one another , rather than the safe schools and knowledge it takes to frame a good and righteous petition . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : "  Right to bear arms " does not include a right to use guns in disputes Gun owners most likely to be killed by their gun , writers say , and more likely to be shot Disputes solved with guns , they say , and justifiable homicides tripled since Florida law enacted After a person is killed , the only witness may be the shooter , writers say
CNN  -- In Sao Paulo 's affluent Butanta neighborhood , a green haven in the heart of the notoriously polluted megalopolis , Guilherme Amaral Nunes , 25 , and partner Luiz Ramirez , 51 , enjoy a brief respite from the limelight . While trying to seem tranquil while playing with their "  children , " two rescued dogs and a cat , excitement is building as news of their plans to become the first married gay couple in Sao Paulo goes viral . On Monday , court papers are set to publish their names as the first couple to petition for a marriage license in this conservative-leaning state , two weeks since Brazil 's Supreme Tribunal ruled unanimously that the nation should recognize gay marriages . "  We feel anxious until we hear the results , " Ramirez said . "  We hope we wo n't receive a legal challenge to block our dreams . " Nearly two weeks ago , Brazil 's highest court voted on behalf of gay marriages by 10-0 . The court ruled that the same rights and rules that apply to the "  stable union " of heterosexual couples will apply to same-sex couples , including the right to joint declaration of income tax , pension , inheritance and property sharing . Argentina became the first Latin American nation to approve same-sex marriages in 2010 . Mexico City recognized same-sex marriages in 2009 . Several other countries in the region now recognize same-sex unions . Brazil 's ruling , however , does not allow same-sex marriage . It leaves it to judges to evaluate on a case-by-case basis . "  It 's not like Argentina , where the law is more evolved , Nunes said . "  But it 's a step ahead , " he said . On Friday , Ramirez and Nunes took the first legal step to legalize their union . Holding hands and brushing off some curious onlookers in one of the city 's busiest public registries , the two delivered a petition to convert their civil union document into a marriage certificate . Next stop , the Sao Paulo courts , Ramirez said . That is where the fate of their legal bond will be decided by a judge . "  This is not really about us , " said Nunes , who added that his job as an IT consultant for HP already allows them to have very good same-sex benefits . "  It will be a victory for many of us , many of my friends who suffered discrimination . " According to many gay rights groups in Brazil , discrimination and bullying is rampant in Brazil , despite generational and cultural changes . Ramirez , president of CORSA , a large gay-activist group , said government studies show that 260 people die a year in Brazil as a result of homophobia . Gay people in Brazil , as in other Latin American nations heavily influenced by the Catholic Church , continue to encounter strong resistance . "  On one hand , we have made some considerable judicial strides , " said Ramirez , who helped turned Sao Paulo 's gay parade into one of the world 's largest . "  On the other , the intensity and frequency of homophobia in Brazil is alarming , " he said . Ramirez was referring to a hotly contested issue by Brazilian lawmakers on the proposal to distribute the so-called "  homophobia-kit " in public schools , an educational packet that includes a DVD and other information distributed through Brazil 's Ministry of Education to address homophobia among Brazil 's youth . Ultraconservative lawmaker Jair Messia Bolsonaro of Rio de Janeiro , has led the outcry against the ministry 's move to deliver the packets , joining hands with evangelist lawmakers , who are growing in numbers . "  I have now seen the most scandalous thing I have ever seen in my 20 years in politics , and of course I am not talking about corruption , which is a daily matter here in our circles , " he said . "  Attention parents of 7 - , 8 - , 9 - and 10-year-olds in public schools ! Next year , your children are going to receive educational kits titled , ` Combating homophobia , " Bolsonaro told Brazil 's House of Deputies in November . "  But what this is is an incentive to enforce homosexuality and promiscuity , " he said . Bolsonaro claimed that in one of the videos , a boy named Ricardo goes to the bathroom to urinate when he sees another boy and falls in love . "  Listen here lawmakers , this was published in our congressional papers . This could be your son one day , " he said . Brazilian Minister of Education Fernando Haddad denied that the so-called "  kit homophobia " circulating among lawmakers was created by his office . During a meeting Thursday with evangelical and other conservative lawmakers , Haddad said the kit was still being put together by his ministry . "  Yesterday , this material was delivered to the Ministry of Education from hired NGOs , " Haddad told Agencia Brasil . "  Now , we will have an internal debate within the ministry , " he said . While the debate heats up in conservative circles , throughout Brazil , gay couples are trickling into local courts to fight for their marriage rights . "  This is not about making people gay . This is about letting people who are gay live respectfully and in peace , " Ramirez said . "  There wo n't be any more gays in Brazil as a result , " he said . "  But there will be happier ones . " CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto and journalist Luciani Gomes contributed to this report .	Nearly two weeks ago , Brazil 's highest court overwhelmingly voted to allow gay marriage Judges to decide on case-by-case basis Homophobia still rampant , kills 260 a year , a study says Conservative lawmakers lash out against anti-homophobia kits to be distributed in public schools
Robin Lim , an American woman who has helped thousands of poor Indonesian women have a healthy pregnancy and birth , was named the 2011 CNN Hero of the Year on Sunday night . Through her Bumi Sehat health clinics , "  Mother Robin , " or "  Ibu Robin " as she is called by the locals , offers free prenatal care , birthing services and medical aid in Indonesia , where many families can not afford care . "  Every baby 's first breath on Earth could be one of peace and love . Every mother should be healthy and strong . Every birth could be safe and loving . But our world is not there yet , " Lim said during "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which took place at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles and recognized Lim and the other top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . Many women in the developing world do not have access to contraception or maternal care . According to the United Nations Population Fund , three out of five women giving birth in South Asia do so without a skilled birth attendant on hand . In Indonesia , the average family earns the equivalent of $ 8 a day , according to the International Monetary Fund . But a baby delivery costs about $ 70 at a hospital , and a Caesarian section can cost as much as $ 700 . Lim believes Indonesia 's high maternal and infant mortality rates are caused in part by these costs , which many women can not meet . "  The situation is bad ... babies are unattended , deliveries have become commercialized , and mothers die from hemorrhage after childbirth because they ca n't afford proper care , " Lim told CNN earlier this year . The CNN Hero of the Year was chosen by the public after an 11-week vote on CNN.com . For being named Hero of the Year , Lim will receive $ 250,000 for her cause . That 's in addition to the $ 50,000 that she and the rest of the top 10 Heroes each received for making the top 10 . This is the fifth year that CNN , with the help of entertainers and other celebrities , have honored everyday people changing the world . Among this year 's presenters were comedians Jerry Seinfeld and George Lopez ; actors J.R. Martinez and Chris Colfer ; musical artists Ice Cube and will.i.am ; model Christy Turlington Burns ; former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner ; and actresses Laura Dern , Mary-Louise Parker and Sofia Vergara .  Photos : Scenes from the night Kid Rock performed the song "  Care " from his platinum-selling album "  Born Free , " while Miley Cyrus sang her triple-platinum hit "  The Climb . " Turlington Burns introduced Lim 's video tribute during Sunday 's show , before the Hero of the Year announcement . As founder of Every Mother Counts , she is also a passionate advocate for maternal health around the world . "  Eight years ago , after giving birth to my first child , Grace , I felt what could have been a life-threatening complication , " she told the audience of nearly 5,000 . "  It suddenly got very scary , very fast . If I had n't received the expert care in the hospital birthing center I was in , then I may have not been so fortunate . "  My wish is that every mother all over the world has the same chance surviving childbirth I had . My friend Robin Lim shares that wish and she spends her days and nights making it so . " Photos : See how Lim helps thousands of women Turlington Burns recently made the trip to Indonesia to meet Lim and see her work firsthand . Lim became a midwife after her sister -- and her sister 's baby -- died from complications during pregnancy several years ago . She and her husband then sold their home in Hawaii and moved to Bali to "  reinvent their lives , " she said . "  It was there she learned she could make a difference , " Turlington Burns said . "  She opened a clinic , Bumi Sehat , so poor mothers can give birth safely and be treated with dignity and respect . She has delivered thousands of babies , and that is why they call her ` Ibu ' -- Mother . " After being announced as the CNN Hero of the Year , a tearful Lim accepted the award from host Anderson Cooper and made an impassioned plea for help . "  Today on our Earth , 981 mothers in the prime of their life will die -- and tomorrow again and yesterday , " she said . "  And I 'm asking you to help change that . We do n't even know how many babies are lost , but all of us can help change that . " Here are the other top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 , in alphabetical order : Eddie CanalesEddie Canales ' son was paralyzed during a high school football game in 2001 . Today , Canales ' nonprofit , Gridiron Heroes , provides emotional and financial support to high school football players who 've sustained life-changing spinal cord injuries . Taryn Davis Taryn Davis was just 21 when her husband , an Army corporal , was killed in Iraq . In 2007 , she created the American Widow Project . To date , her nonprofit has provided a community of support to more than 900 young military widows . Sal Dimiceli Sal Dimiceli has spent decades helping people get back on their feet . Through a local newspaper column and his nonprofit , The Time Is Now To Help , Dimiceli assists about 500 people a year with food , rent , utilities and other necessities . Derreck Kayongo Derreck Kayongo 's Global Soap Project collects partially used hotel soap and reprocesses it to save lives . Since 2009 , the Atlanta-based nonprofit has provided about 150,000 bars of soap for communities in 10 countries . Diane Latiker Surrounded by gang violence in her Chicago neighborhood , Diane Latiker opened her home to area youth and started a community program called Kids Off the Block . Since 2003 , her program has helped more than 1,500 young people . Patrice Millet After being stricken with cancer , Patrice Millet dedicated his life to helping children in his native Haiti . His nonprofit youth soccer program provides free equipment , coaching and food to hundreds of participants from the slums and teaches them to become responsible citizens . Bruno Serato Since 2005 , chef Bruno Serato has been serving free pasta dinners to children , many of whom are poor and live in motels with their families . Today , Serato provides dinner seven days a week to more than 300 children at the Boys & Girls Club in Anaheim , California . Richard St. DenisSince 2008 , Richard St. Denis and his organization , World Access Project , have provided hundreds of wheelchairs and mobility aids to people living with disabilities in rural Mexico . Amy Stokes Amy Stokes is redefining "  family " for South African children affected by HIV/AIDS and poverty . Her organization , Infinite Family , has connected almost 500 teenage "  Net Buddies " with nearly 300 volunteer mentors from all over the world via the Internet .	Robin Lim was named the 2011 CNN Hero of the Year on Sunday night She has helped thousands of poor Indonesian women have a healthy pregnancy and birth The annual show honors the Top 10 CNN Heroes and names one of them Hero of the Year
Moneygall , Ireland  CNN  -- "  You discover a lot about yourself when you 're running for president , " Barack Obama said on the campaign trail in 2008 . "  It was brought to my attention last year that my great-great-great-grandfather on my mother 's side hailed from a small village in County Offaly . " Two years into his presidency and Obama has decided to pay that small village a visit . If a village can get emotional , Moneygall -- with its 300 residents -- is in raptures . Children sporting "  O'Bama " T-shirts skip along the high street waving American flags . Beaming villagers scramble up ladders to smarten up the fronts of their homes . "  Dulux provided all the paint for all the houses in the place , they sent down a lady to coordinate all the colors and she 's done a pretty good job on it you know , " says resident Timmy O'Conor , brandishing a paint brush . "  If it passes the man himself now , that 's the thing . " There 's speculation the man himself may swing by the Ollie Hayes Inn for a pint of Guinness . Ollie Hayes says he 's had the CIA come through some months back but there 's still no certainty that it 'll actually happen . If Barack Obama does stop by though , he 'll find a large faux-bronze bust of himself gracing the bar and Hayes says he 'll be ready and waiting with the Guinness . "  Who knows , " says Henry Healy who I meet in the pub , "  we may all have to join him and raise a glass to his re-election campaign in 2012 . " Healy is a distant relative of President Obama and was invited by the Irish-American Democrats and the American-Ireland Fund to go to Washington for his inauguration . "  Our relationship goes back to 1761 when there was a marriage between Sarah Healy and Joseph Kearney . Joseph Kearney is the great-great-grandfather of Falmouth Kearney who emigrated from this village in 1850 . " Relatives though are a dime a dozen in this part of the world . Healy 's aunt , 75-year-old Sadie Williams , says she thinks she 's Barack Obama 's oldest living relative in Ireland . "  It 's very exciting for us all , " she tells CNN . "  We all had great excitement in the beginning when the word came through he was related to us . " Williams ' grandson goes to school at Kilkenny College , about an hour from Moneygall . The college boasts alumni like author Jonathan Swift and philosopher George Berkeley , the namesake of what is now the University of California - Berkeley . Now it boasts 13 students who all claim some family connection with President Obama . "  I was only aware of these two boys being my cousins , " says the oldest of the ` Obama cousin ' clan , 17-year-old Kate Condell . "  We did n't realize we were interlinked before . " There 's a huge star spangled banner draped across the classroom table and the deputy headmaster has laid out a number of Barack Obama biographies . But the children admit they have n't read them . Kate Condell is the only one who 's even visited the United States . "  Just Florida on a family holiday , but an invitation to the White House would be much appreciated ! " Perhaps not at Kilkenny College , but elsewhere in Ireland there is a palpable anxiety in the air . The dire state of the economy , the burden of day-to-day financial struggle , the uncertainty over whether Ireland can ever escape its debts -- these are issues which weigh heavy on a people known for their good cheer . "  We all just want a rest from it , to talk about something else , " one pub-owner tells CNN . As many of his predecessors -- including John F. Kennedy , Ronald Reagan , Bill Clinton and the Bushes -- have done before him , Obama is in search of his Irish roots , not least because it is sure to go down well with the 40-million Irish emigres with Irish roots living in the U.S. . This is after all the start of his 2012 re-election campaign . But to the Irish on the Emerald Isle it is a home-coming ; a gesture of solidarity and kinsmanship in troubled times . And a chance for the villagers of Moneygall to throw a party that will likely last long after the president 's gone .	Obama visits village in Ireland where his great-great-great-grandfather hailed from The village has spruced itself up in preparation for the visit The trip is sure to go down well with 40-million with Irish roots living in the U.S.
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Hezbollah 's leader plans to speak Saturday about the indictment of four party members in the assassination six years ago of Rafik Hariri , Lebanon 's former prime minister . The group 's press office said Hassan Nasrallah plans to make remarks about the U.N.-backed Special Tribunal for Lebanon , which issued indictments and arrest warrants this week in the February 14 , 2005 killing of Rafik Hariri and 22 others . Hezbollah is a Shiite political faction in Lebanon that provides social services to its constituents , but it has long been regarded as a terrorist organization by the United States and as an ally of Iran . It has had longstanding animosity toward the tribunal , based on the expectation that some of its members would be indicted as conspirators in Hariri 's assassination , and Nasrallah has accused the group 's arch-enemy Israel of the assassination . The tribunal submitted to Lebanese authorities a sealed indictment and arrest warrants for an unknown number of suspects . A highly-placed source in the Lebanese Army told CNN the four include Mustafa Badreddine , Hasan Oneisa , Salim Ayyah and Asad Sabra -- all Hezbollah members . Badreddine -- who is the brother-in-law of Imad Mughniyeh , a former Hezbollah commander who was assassinated in Syria in 2008 -- is reported to be a member of Hezbollah 's advisory council . A U.N. source familiar with the tribunal said the people indicted include alleged perpetrators on the ground . Two additional lists of indictments are expected later this summer and are expected to include the organizers and planners of the attack , the U.N. source said . An indictment had been submitted in January and was then amended three times . Daniel Fransen , a pre-trial judge with the tribunal , "  ruled that the indictment shall remain confidential to help Lebanese authorities in fulfilling their obligations to arrest the accused , " the tribunal said . It wo n't comment on the identity anyone named in the indictment . Authorities in Lebanon will have to report to the tribunal within 30 days on the measures they have taken to try to arrest the accused . Many Lebanese believe the killing revolved around the controversies over Syria 's role in Lebanon , occupied at the time by Syrian troops , and the Damascus government 's strong political influence in Lebanon . People believe Hariri wanted the Syrians to withdraw from Lebanon and lessen Syria 's influence , and many suspect that Syria and its ally Hezbollah went after Hariri because of his stance on this issue . Those suspected connections of Hezbollah and the Syrian government to the killing have raised tensions in the country , stoking fears of sectarian conflict erupting in the ethnically and religiously diverse nation , which endured a civil war from 1975 to 1990 . Syria had thousands of troops in Lebanon and great influence in the country until mass protests after Hariri 's assassination known as the Cedar Revolution forced their withdrawal . Syria has denied any involvement in the assassination . Another was result of the anger toward the attack was the creation of the tribunal . The United Nations and the Lebanese Republic negotiated an agreement on the establishment of the body , based in the Netherlands . CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report	Hassan Nasrallah has blamed the killing on Israel Hariri 's killing sparked outrage toward Syrians Four Hezbollah members were indicted , a source said
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Demonstrators stormed a hotel Saturday where Asian leaders were to meet , forcing the indefinite postponement of the Association of South East Asian Nations summit . Thousands of anti-government protesters block a busy intersection during rush hour in Bangkok . Participating Asian leaders were on their way out of the country , according to Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva . He declared a state of emergency in Chonburi province and the southern coastal city of Pattaya , where the summit was to be held , but rescinded the order hours afterward . Thousands of "  red shirt " protesters , named for the color of their attire , have rallied for days to demand Abhisit 's resignation . The demonstrators flooded into the summit site after smashing through the hotel 's glass doors , but were otherwise nonviolent . Hundreds of them streamed in , without police interference . Protesters hugged the officers and shook their hands . The red shirts have given the prime minister repeated deadlines to resign , but those have come and gone . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon he was disappointed by the summit 's delay . "  I understand the circumstances that led the Thai government to take this difficult decision . While I had hoped to have exchanges with the leaders of ASEAN and its dialogue partners , I continue to look forward to engaging again with them in the near future , " Ban said . "  I strongly value the long-standing relationship between ASEAN and the United Nations , and their cooperation in various fields . I hope for an early restoration of normalcy in Thailand and for the settlement of differences through dialogue and peaceful means , " he added . The protesters are loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a 2006 coup . Thaksin now lives outside of Thailand . The protesters have said Abhisit 's government was not democratically elected and want him to resign and schedule elections . Abhisit , who has held the position for four months , has rejected calls for him to step down . Lawmakers named the 44-year-old , Oxford University-educated Abhisit prime minister in December in the wake of months of demonstrations against Thaksin and his ruling party , People Power Party . On Tuesday , protesters rushed Abhisit 's motorcade while it was struck in traffic . He escaped unharmed . Protesters opposed to Thaksin took to the streets last year wearing yellow shirts , occupied the Government House and blockaded Bangkok 's major international airport , stranding throngs of tourists who provide much of the country 's revenue . The demonstrations ended in early December when a court ruled that the People Power Party was guilty of electoral fraud and threw Thaksin 's brother-in-law out of the prime minister 's seat . The red shirt protesters said this week they would not take over the airports . Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Demonstrators storm a hotel Saturday where Asian leaders were to meet Thousands of "  red shirt " protesters demand resignation of Thai Prime Minister State of emergency declared in Chonburi province and coastal city of Pattaya Protesters are loyal to ex-PM Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in 2006 coup
CNN  -- Was the third time a charm for Jim Carrey as the host of "  Saturday Night Live ? " The stakes were pretty high for the elastic-faced funnyman , whose new movie "  Dumb and Dumber To " comes out next month . Preliminary reviews of his SNL performance were mixed , but there 's no denying that Carrey rose to the occasion , leading to some hilarious scenes . He took a trip down memory lane as the SNL cast impersonated his biggest roles in a family reunion , which included a cameo from "  Dumb and Dumber " co-star Jeff Daniels . Other memorable moments included a parody within a parody with his take on actor Matthew McConaughey 's odd Lincoln car commercials . He also showed off his penchant for physical comedy in a dance-off with "  SNL " cast member Kate McKinnon to Sia 's "  Chandelier " music video , complete with nude body suits and a cameo from musical guest Iggy Azalea . Did you catch the episode ? Tell us what you thought in the comments .	Jim Carrey hosts "  Saturday Night Live " for third time "  Dumb and Dumber " co-star Jeff Daniels makes cameo Carrey plays Matthew McConaughey 's role in Lincoln car commercial
CNN  -- In Cambridge , Massachusetts , FBI agents -- guns drawn -- walked down the street near the home where the Boston Marathon bombing suspects lived . Emergency vehicles lined the street , roads were cordoned off , and a suspicious red vehicle was towed from the scene . Mark Santos , 29 , a doctorate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , said it 's still sinking in that the suspects , whom he did n't personally know , lived directly across Norfolk Street . "  We were that close , " said Santos , who has lived there since September . "  It 's not something you expect . " His roommate , Diana Jorge , 26 , said she 's been confused ever since police ordered her out of her home . "  I 'm a bit worried . I never thought that this could happen here in Boston , " she said . Many residents in the area awoke to federal agents with machine guns banging on their doors and the commands : "  Get out ! Get out ! " Despite the calls for evacuation , some residents sat on sidewalks near a perimeter of crime scene tape . Others defied the commands to stay indoors and gathered to gawk as state and federal officers -- some in camouflage , most in flak vests -- canvassed the neighborhood . Four miles west , in the suburb of Watertown , many residents remained on lockdown , stuck in their homes after a car chase led the Boston Marathon suspects and a cadre of police into their neighborhood . Chaos ensued just hours after authorities released images of the suspects . It was about 10 p.m. -- close to bedtime for many people , if not past it -- when police received a report that a robbery was under way at a convenience store near the MIT campus in Cambridge . The robbery was the first in a series of crimes that unfolded overnight and well into the next morning , putting the city , suburbs and one of the country 's premier universities on lockdown at various points through the night . Residents were told to stay inside , away from windows , as city services came to a halt . About 20 minutes after the robbery , an MIT police officer was fatally shot while responding to a disturbance at Vassar and Main streets , amid several of the school 's research facilities . MIT was quick to warn its students of the mayhem on its Twitter feed and emergency services website . "  Gunshots were reported near Building 32  Stata  which is currently surrounded by responding agencies . The area is cordoned off . Please stay clear of area until further notice , " the university posted , asking students to stay away from one of the university 's busiest buildings . Police arrived on the scene to find the campus police officer in his car with multiple gunshot wounds . They took him to Massachusetts General Hospital , but it was too late . Patrol officer Sean Collier , 26 , of Somerville , who joined the force in January 2012 , was pronounced dead . Police believe the bombing suspects were responsible for the shooting . "  Sean was one of these guys who really looked at police work as a calling , " MIT Police Chief John DiFava said in a statement . "  He was born to be a police officer . " Shortly after the shooting came another report of violence : Two men -- whom police now say were brothers living in Cambridge -- hijacked a vehicle at gunpoint in Cambridge , telling the driver that they were the marathon bombers , a law enforcement source told CNN 's Joe Johns . At some point , at a gas station on Memorial Drive along the Charles River , the driver escaped uninjured , Cambridge police reported . Police , who were tracking the vehicle using its built-in GPS system , picked up the chase in Watertown , a town of 31,000 just west of Boston . The pursuit went into a residential neighborhood , with the suspects throwing explosives at the police , officers said . "  The suspects and police also exchanged gunfire in the area of Dexter and Laurel streets . During this pursuit , an  Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority  Police officer was seriously injured and transported to the hospital , " Boston police said in a release . Richard H. Donohue Jr. , 33 , was shot and wounded in the incident , a transit police spokesman said . CNN affiliate WBZ reported he has been with the department for three years . He was taken to Mount Auburn Hospital , WBZ said . The officer 's condition was not immediately known . Ultimately , one bomber -- later identified as Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 -- got out of the car . Police shot him , and his brother ran over him as he drove away , according to the law enforcement source . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was critically injured . He had bullet wounds and an injury from an explosion . He was wearing explosives and had an explosive trigger , a source told CNN . He later died , while authorities say his brother , Dzhokar Tsarnaev , 19 , escaped . After a hellish week in Boston , residents probably did n't need to be reminded that he was believed armed and dangerous . Warnings to Watertown residents followed . First , Boston police tweeted , "  There is an active incident ongoing in Watertown . Residents in that area are advised to remain in their homes . More details when available . " Then , a warning by state police that the search was intensifying : "  Police will be going door by door , street by street , in and around Watertown . Police will be clearly identified . It is a fluid situation . " Officers locked down the streets of a Watertown neighborhood -- the intersection of Dexter and Laurel streets lies in a heavily residential area -- after isolating the vehicle . SWAT members arrived on the scene , and police in full body armor carrying assault rifles ran down the streets , according to CNN affiliate WCVB . Homeland Security Investigations agents were among those responding , a department spokesman said . Police requested that residents in the area turn off their mobile phones , saying they believe the devices were used to detonate the Boston Marathon explosives . They went door to door , leaving an already-on-edge suburb even more anxious . In Cambridge , police converged on another home , telling residents near Norfolk Street , "  Ongoing investigation . Potentially dangerous . Stay clear . " Chris Howes , who asked local police via Twitter whether they had any advice for residents who lived on Norfolk , also wrote on Twitter , "  This is scary as f *** . " Asked via Twitter whether he could provide more information , he tweeted , "  do n't really have any info . CPD told us to stay indoors so we just hear lots of sirens outside . " As news emerged that the suspects lived with their parents in the Norfolk Street area , nearby resident Amy McConnell tweeted , "  Just so weird to think those guys have been walking around my neighborhood all week . " She also declined to speak to CNN . At the corner of Norfolk and Cambridge streets , police tape lined the road , blocking off Norfolk a few houses down from the white clapboard home where the suspects reportedly lived with their parents . Police and FBI buzzed around the home . Joey Barbaso , 50 , has lived in the neighborhood since he was 5 . He did n't know the suspects , had never seen them . The construction worker 's pants were worn and stained with paint . The neighborhood , nestled between Harvard and MIT , is a mix of working class and college students , he said , standing in the doorway of a shop . "  You never know who you 're living next to , " he said . "  I think it 's nuts . What 's this world coming to ? I tell you , the world 's getting screwed up more and more and more . " Meanwhile , the entire city was shutting down . The transit authority said all modes of transport -- including rail , subway , buses and ferries -- would be suspended until further notice . Taxi service in Boston was suspended . MIT and Harvard canceled classes , as did other local colleges Boston Public Schools . While police requested residents of Boston and all its suburbs remain at home , the Massachusetts State Police specifically singled out Boston , Watertown , Cambridge , Allston-Brighton , Belmont and Newtown . The governor 's office added Waltham to the list of places where people should "  stay indoors with your doors locked . " Later , the Boston Police Department announced that "  all vehicle traffic " in Watertown was suspended and asked that businesses remain closed . The transit authority sent buses to evacuate residents , while bomb squads combed the area . Cambridge police -- already slammed -- announced on Twitter that they had fielded more than a dozen calls about suspicious packages in the city . All were cleared without incident . As dawn came , police announced they were conducting a controlled detonation near Kenmore Square , across the river from MIT . They also released a vehicle description : "  Police seeking MA Plate : 316-ES9 , '99 Honda CRV , Color - Gray . Possible suspect car . Do not approach . " The car was later located in Cambridge , but Dzhokar Tsarnaev was not found . Another controlled detonation was announced later in the day , as well as another lookout , this one for a green 1999 Honda sedan . As the situations in Cambridge and Watertown continued to unfold well into the afternoon , many residents woke to a city in turmoil , though some aspects of life were returning to normal , including taxi service and trash pickup . Still , residents were nervous . Tweeted @BarryGagne of Watertown , "  I 'm seriously scared right now . Way to close to my house .  2blcks  Afraid of explosives . Everything . Be safe people #watertown #bostonstrong " Back in Cambridge , authorities erected a blue tent-like tarp outside the suspects ' home . Much of the home 's contents was placed beneath it , and reporters , who had been kept a block away from the scene , were allowed to have a closer look . Though across-the-street neighbors Santos and Jorge did n't know the suspects , they had succinct sentiments regarding their fate : They hope the remaining suspect meets the same end as his brother . "  I hope he 's found dead , " Santos said . "  I do n't think we should pay U.S. taxpayer dollars to give him a fair trial . Nah . " Jorge concurred : "  I feel the same . For me , it 's better . I can sleep more . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Many residents woke to find a marathon bombing suspect dead , manhunt under way Subway , taxis , MIT , Harvard , local schools shut down as police conducted manhunt An MIT police officer was killed , and a transit police officer was injured during the chase Cambridge and Watertown are hot spots in investigation as police seek second suspect
CNN  -- Disney and Universal will soon have competition on the film-inspired theme park front . Twentieth Century Fox has just unveiled plans to join the thrill ride party . Named "  Twentieth Century Fox World , " the brand 's first theme park is set to open 2016 as part of Malaysia 's Resorts World Genting , a leisure and entertainment complex about an hour outside of Kuala Lumpur . According to the plans , the 25-acre park will feature more than 25 rides and attractions based on Fox films such as "  Ice Age , " "  Rio , " "  Alien vs. Predator , " "  Planet of the Apes " and "  Night at the Museum . " Some will be geared towards kids , others for thrill seekers . We ca n't confirm our suspicions , but it 's likely the "  Alien vs. Predator " ride will not be ideal for three-year-olds . "  The opening of the first Twentieth Century Fox theme park at Resorts World Genting takes our rich history of storytelling to a whole new level and will provide an exceptional entertainment experience , " said Jeffrey Godsick , president of Twentieth Century Fox Consumer Products , in a statement . "  People from around the world will gather here in Malaysia to become part of the story and to experience the magic and adventure of their favorite Fox properties . " Twentieth Century Fox has teamed up with with leisure and hospitality corporation Genting Malaysia to build the park . Genting Malaysia CEO Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay said they 're investing $ 300 million in Twentieth Century Fox World and expect most visitors to come from Malaysia with international arrivals coming mainly from China and Southeast Asia . More : Asia 's first Legoland opens in Malaysia Greg Lombardo , vice president of location-based entertainment for Fox Consumer Products , told CNN that other Twentieth Century Fox World theme parks are in the works as well . "  We are creating a unique and exciting destination brand with a true global appeal , " he said . "  In the coming months you will be hearing much more . " South East Asia 's theme park boom Twentieth Century Fox 's decision to build its first theme park in Malaysia will be a disappointment for U.S. movie fans , though it 's not surprising given the success of other big brand parks in the region , fueled by a growing middle class . "  Malaysia has a booming tourism economy and it is a very important growing market for our films and television properties , " said Lombard . "  The consumer has a growing appetite for new and engaging entertainment experiences . It was a natural place to for Fox to create our first theme park and marks an important milestone in our global location based entertainment strategy . " Asia 's first Legoland opened in Malaysia in 2012 . Just a quick drive from Singapore , the $ 243 million , 30-hectare theme park dedicated to the colorful kids ' bricks is made up of 40 rides , shows and attractions . In October of this year , it added a Legoland Waterpark -- the brand 's largest to date . A Legoland hotel , the final phase of the resort , will open in early 2014 , said officials . South of the border , Singapore has its own theme park behemoth , Universal Studios , which opened in 2010 as part of Resorts World Sentosa . In Thailand , Cartoon Network Amazone water park is expected to open near the resort city of Pattaya in mid 2014 .  This is an Amazon Falls Co. Ltd project , developed under license from Turner Broadcasting System Asia Pacific Ltd. . Both Cartoon Network and CNN International are operated by Turner Broadcasting System International , a Time Warner company . More : Legoland Hotel Malaysia set for 2014 launch CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Twentieth Century Fox World due to open in Malaysia in 2016 Theme park will feature 25 rides and attractions based on Fox films including "  Ice Age , " "  Rio , " "  Alien vs. Predator , " "  Planet of the Apes " and "  Night at the Museum " Southeast Asia already home to theme park brands Legoland and Universal Studios
CNN  -- The leader of a Tunisian militant Islamist group was arrested in Libya on Monday , state media reported , citing a security source . Libyan and American forces captured the militant leader , Tunisie Agence Presse reported . But the United States denied any involvement in the reported arrest of Seifallah Ben Hussein Mokni , who is also known as Abu Iyadh and heads Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia . "  Contrary to media reports , U.S. forces were not involved in any operations involving Ansar al Sharia leader Abu Iyadh today in Libya , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John F. Kirby told CNN . The Tunisian state media report accused Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia of ties to political assassinations in the country . Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia denied through its official Twitter account that its leader had been arrested in Libya . The statement said that the "  lying media " reported the "  false rumors " to "  play a dirty game " and influence its members to respond physically . Ansar al Sharia in Libya , another Islamist militia group , was believed to be involved in the 2012 U.S. Consulate attack that killed four Americans in Benghazi , Libya .	Tunisian state media says Libyan and American forces captured Abu Iyadh A Pentagon spokesman say U.S. forces were not involved Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia denies the Islamist group leader 's arrest
CNN  -- Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel will serve a half-game suspension for an "  inadvertent violation regarding the signing of certain autographs , " the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the university said Wednesday . In a statement , the groups said there is no evidence that Manziel , who made history last year as the first freshman to win the Heisman Trophy , received money in exchange for autographs . In addition to serving his suspension , Manziel will address the team about lessons learned , and Texas A&M will revise its education concerning student-athlete autographs . "  Student-athletes are often asked for autographs from fans , but unfortunately , some individuals ' sole motivation in seeking an autograph is for resale , " NCAA Vice President of Academic and Membership Affairs Kevin Lennon said in the statement . "  It is important that schools are cognizant and educate student-athletes about situations in which there is a strong likelihood that the autograph seeker plans to resell the items . "	Quarterback had "  inadvertent violation " regarding autographs , NCAA says No evidence that he received money for autographs , it says Manziel is first freshman to win the Heisman Trophy
Los Angeles  CNN  -- China is poised to become the world 's largest economy within a decade , according to some economists . Rising giant India already has a middle-class population that is larger than the entire United States population , according to others . Such nuggets fuel an industry of prophetic warnings of decline , exemplified by the phrase "  How America Fell Behind in the World It Invented " in the subtitle of Thomas Friedman and Michael Mandelbaum 's recent best-seller . The rapid growth of China and India and other Asian tigers does not mean that the United States has "  fallen behind , " however . It takes a panicked perspective to even ponder the point . China and India have immense economies , each with state-of-the-art technological centers that put others to shame . But they are also ranked 125th and 162nd , respectively , in GDP per capita  according to the CIA 's World Factbook  , lacking clean water and safe food for too many citizens . Both face massive environmental and infrastructural challenges within the next decade . Neither country is in range of providing an American level of services to its citizenry , much less the comfortable level typical of flourishing Northern European economies . And if we consider the deeper cultural dimensions of globalization and innovation , one could go so far as to argue that the globalization game is and will remain rigged in America 's favor , with other nations not being able or even willing to catch up . In truth , many societies in East and South Asia are confronting ambivalence and resistance to developments that we might see as progress but that their traditionalists see as moral and social decline . Iran and Pakistan are just two examples of nations whose rapid modernization was undercut by underlying reactionary cultural forces . For related reasons , the various proud Asian tigers are not on an unbendable trajectory . Current trends are not destiny ; it is more accurate to say that culture is destiny . Western academics may deride the "  unoriginal " thinking of Chinese or Indian students , but this critique is based on an entirely different  some would say culturally imperialistic  worldview . Lao Tzu 's "  Tao Te Ching , " still proudly full of wisdom today , stands as a reminder that disruption , individualism and innovation are inherently heretical in many traditional societies -- and if they occur in one area of a traditional society , a backlash typically follows in another . Gandhi 's spirit , with its vigorous opposition to consumer capitalism , is hardly extinct . Meanwhile , America is the best at being America , because America is the closest thing to a society that unambivalently enjoys being American . The United States has cultural and demographic traits that remain unique -- for better and worse . American culture is peculiarly tilted toward valuing disruptive new ideas and welcoming the immigrant who brings such ideas into its society . An individualistic , heterogeneous , novelty-seeking American culture , strengthened by a critical mass of interdisciplinary American research universities that draw the world 's best minds , represents a considerable edge in social and economic innovation . For today 's emerging economies to become long-term giants , rather than variations of prerevolution Iran and the Soviet Union , they must become more economically and socially integrated . And to become economically integrated , they must become culturally integrated , which means a host of conflicts are on the horizon regarding varying societal views on change , tradition , materialism , social mobility , openness , patronage and so on . It will not be easy , and success is not inevitable . Many emerging nations are like a young child on the precipice of a tense and unpredictable adolescence . Eastern nations may in time become better than the West at the freewheeling socioeconomics that America and the rest of the West invented , but not without considerable social turmoil . A true taste for innovation and adaptation will result only from a vigorous clash between individualistic impulses and communitarian ones -- clashes that will take decades to play out , with uncertain outcomes . Americans may block their own path and sabotage their own cultural tilt toward innovative growth if political dysfunction continues . But with even some sensible reform of the political system , a resilient , forward-thinking and forward-moving economy should result . America was the key force in popping open the Pandoran box of commercial and cultural globalization , with all the attendant anxieties and unintended consequences . But the globalization game is an inherently American game , and it will take a great deal of luck , strategy and determination for someone else to play the game better than Americans are able to play it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rob Asghar .	The rapid growth of China and India does not mean the U.S. has fallen behind , Rob Asghar says Both face major environmental and infrastructural challenges within the next decade , he says Many East and South Asia societies are facing resistance to progress , Asghar says Asghar : U.S. may sabotage its tilt toward innovative growth if political dysfunction continues
CNN  -- Anyone can shake hands . Nelson Mandela made such a common gesture something transcendent -- a greeting that crossed all societal barriers , a symbol of reconciliation , even a declaration of victory . "  Hello ! How are you ? I 'm so happy to see you , " he would declare in his distinctive tenor , extending a huge right hand befitting the former boxer . Before meeting visiting dignitaries or political adversaries in five-star hotel conference rooms , Mandela made sure to approach the security guards , servers and other workers outside to shake their hands . At countless rallies of his African National Congress , crowds mobbed his path in hopes of a quick clasp from the graying leader . "  I want to put you in my pocket and take you home , " he would tell them . Such was his common touch , a personal warmth and accessibility that delighted adoring supporters and cemented global admiration for the longtime political prisoner who became South Africa 's first black president . ` Our nation has lost its greatest son ' To me , a journalist who covered the "  Mandela years " from a few months after his release from prison in 1990 through most of his presidency , he was the closest thing to a messiah I have witnessed , if you define messiah as one who brings hope to the hopeless . Tall and trim , his face often beaming an incandescent smile , Mandela had his own style expressed in colorful African shirts he wore in lieu of business suits , a teasing rapport with youngsters , and his shoulder-swinging , celebratory dance dubbed the "  Madiba shuffle " in reference to his clan name . Leading a transformation Wherever he went , people seemed to materialize out of the air -- scampering down alleys and around cars , scrambling over and through fences , even climbing any nearby tree or billboard for a better view . The mood was festive , not frenzied , with crowds singing praise songs in deep-voiced harmonies that elongated the second syllable of his name in an African pronunciation -- Mon-DAY-la . A lawyer of tribal royalty heritage , he possessed an unerring sense of his role as the nation 's de facto leader at a time when the ANC struggled to evolve from a liberation movement to a full-fledged political party . Images of him during those years create an indelible timeline of the nation 's transformation from the white rule of apartheid to a multiracial democracy . Nelson Mandela : The miracle years There was the fist-waving , smiling Mandela who walked out of prison in 1990 , his every move and word broadcast around the world as well as on national television that once banned black faces . From that moment , the machinations of South African politics changed , and the new order became obvious when the nation 's first multiparty political talks began in December 1991 . Watershed moments Opening speeches by Mandela and other leaders were generally non-combative policy statements until South African President F. W. de Klerk , exercising his privilege to go last , attacked the ANC for refusing to disband its armed wing and turn over weapons . Visibly furious at de Klerk 's maneuver , Mandela requested an opportunity to respond and the sympathetic moderators agreed . That alone was a shift from the old days . With the meeting hall spellbound , Mandela delivered a face-to-face upbraiding of the white president , telling de Klerk that "  even a discredited , illegitimate , minority regime must observe certain moral standards . " No one had ever witnessed such a thing in South Africa . Less visible were his efforts to control radical elements of his ANC . At the party 's first legal conference in South Africa in December 1990 , he lectured activists calling for a halt in secret talks between ANC leaders and the white government aimed at setting up formal negotiations . " These statements can only be made by those who do not understand the process of negotiation , " Mandela said in a stern voice . " ... Let me take advantage of this opportunity to educate you on the problems that face the leadership . " After the 1993 assassination of Chris Hani , a popular communist firebrand considered a possible future ANC leader , Mandela appeared on state-run national television to urge calm among his black supporters . It was an unprecedented acknowledgement by the white government that the ANC leader was the only one who could head off potentially calamitous unrest . "  This is a watershed moment for all of us , " he said directly to the camera . "  Our decisions and actions will determine whether we use our pain , our grief and our outrage to move forward to what is the only lasting solution for our country - an elected government of the people , by the people and for the people . " Brazile : Nelson Mandela 's legacy will live on Mandela also had a humorous side , even flirtatious at times . At election rallies in 1994 , he repeatedly elicited trilling howls of ululation from women of all ages when he explained how voters should search their ballots for the picture of the "  very handsome young man " -- referring to himself -- to mark their support for the ANC . For the lone debate of the campaign between Mandela and de Klerk , I watched on a communal television at the YWCA in Soweto to write about the reaction of teenagers in the vast black township . One handshake held a nation spellbound As expected , they cheered each time Mandela spoke , but my lasting memory was how these young black South Africans seemed transfixed by the mere image of their leader sharing the screen with equal status to the white president . They went wild when Mandela concluded his final statement by offering his hand to de Klerk as an expression of unity , saying that despite their differences , he was willing to work with his adversary . De Klerk had little choice but to grasp it . Mandela 's handshake could have another meaning . At his divorce trial in 1996 , he testified in withering detail how his spouse , the popular activist Winnie Mandela , never once shared his bed while he was awake after his release from prison . "  The bedroom is where a man and woman discuss the most intimate details , " Mandela told the court . "  There were so many things I wanted to discuss with her , but she is the type of person who fears confrontation . I was the loneliest man during the period I stayed with her . " When he finished , Mandela approached his soon to be ex-wife and shook her hand , having destroyed any chance she had of gaining a favorable settlement . I experienced many Mandela handshakes , mostly before news conferences or interviews in the usual exchange of pleasantries between political figures and journalists . Some are captured in photos that will always be prized possessions . One that was not photographed occurred after a public dressing down from the president at a Foreign Correspondents Association dinner in 1996 . During the question period after Mandela spoke , I asked about his recent criticism of the South African media as biased against the ANC . Was he trying to intimidate newspapers , I wondered , or seeking to shift attention from his government 's struggle to deliver promised development to poor blacks . In an angry voice , he berated the foreign media for failing to report on what he called unfair treatment the ANC received from South African newspapers . "  Why are you defending them ? " he asked of the room stunned to silence . As he left the event shortly afterward , he made his way past my table where he stopped and reached out his hand , looking me in the eye . With no words spoken , we exchanged a single , slightly pronounced shake . Another victory for his ANC secured , he headed to the exit .	Before meeting visiting dignitaries Mandela made sure to shake hands with workers At rallies he would tell supporters , "  I want to put you in my pocket and take you home " Mandela also had a humorous side , even flirtatious at times
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's Christians are losing faith that the government will protect them from attacks by Islamic extremists and will "  respond appropriately " to future killings , the country 's leading church group warned Wednesday . In a public message to President Goodluck Jonathan , the Christian Association of Nigeria called the Christmas Day targeting of churches in several cities "  a declaration of war on Christians and Nigeria as an entity . " The group also criticized its Muslim counterparts for failing to condemn the Islamic militants blamed for Sunday 's attacks , calling their responses "  unacceptable . " "  The Christian community is fast losing confidence in government 's ability to protect our rights to religious liberties and life , " its president , Pentecostal pastor Ayo Oritsejafor , said in the statement . "  The consensus is that the Christian community nationwide would be left with no other option than to respond appropriately if there are any further attacks on our members , churches and properties . " Nigerian official condemns attacks Jonathan responded with a statement of condolences for the attacks , which the church group said killed more than 50 worshippers , and a call for Nigerians to unite behind the government 's efforts to pursue those responsible . Nigerian authorities have blamed Boko Haram , a fundamentalist Islamic movement that mounted similar attacks the previous Christmas . "  The best thing is for all religious leaders , opinion and traditional leaders , youth leaders and women leaders to come together and assist government , " Jonathan said . He pledged that his administration "  will surely do more , " but added , "  The terrorists are human beings . They are not spirits . " "  They live with us . They dine with us , " he said . "  We know them . People know them . As long as Nigerians are committed to expose them , we will get over this ugly situation . " Nigeria 's 150 million people are divided almost evenly between predominantly southern Christians and northern Muslims . Clashes between the two groups have flared periodically for years , but Boko Haram -- which wants to establish a state based on Islamic law in the north -- has stepped up the violence with a series of high-profile attacks in the past two years . The group claimed responsibility for an August car bombing at the building that houses U.N. offices in Abuja , which killed 25 people , and an assault on the town of Damaturu in November that left more than 100 dead . The church group criticized Islamic leaders in the north for what it called their inaction in the face of the attacks , calling it "  unacceptable and an abdication of their responsibilities over their extremist members . " "  It is on record that most religious , traditional and political leaders in the North have not come out openly to condemn the extremist activities of Boko Haram , " the group said . "  We hold them responsible for what is happening , because they have not taken concrete steps to check the excesses of their members . " There was no immediate response to the statement from Muslim groups . But Jonathan called on leaders of both faiths "  to work together , because terrorism is like a cancer to the body -- it starts from somewhere and spread to all the organs of the body . " Jonathan has led Nigeria since 2010 , becoming acting president that May and winning a full term in April . He has deployed government troops across northern Nigeria in an effort to destroy Boko Haram , a step he told the Christian leaders was overdue . "  At the beginning , if the appropriate response was given then over this , they could n't have developed to this level , " he said .	Christian leaders say churches are "  fast losing confidence " in the government They say Muslim leaders ' responses to the Christmas attacks are "  unacceptable " Nigeria 's president calls for unity and pledges to find those responsible His government has blamed the Islamic extremists of Boko Haram for the attacks
EW.com  -- Man , you give the guy a seat on the "  America 's Got Talent " judging panel and suddenly , he thinks he should take over everything . On his radio show this morning on Sirius XM , Stern casually mentioned how he 's going to "  take over The Tonight Show " when addressing the public drubbing that Matt Lauer has received over Ann Curry 's departure last summer . Stern also refers to how Bob Greenblatt  $ " NBC 's Entertainment Chairman  $ " told him how he 's "  got to take over the show . "  To hear the exchange , click here  . An insider told EW that no such talks are happening  $ " which makes sense , considering how Leno continues to dominate at 11:30 p.m. . During the February sweeps , The Tonight Show beat Jimmy Kimmel Live and The Late Show with David Letterman among adults 18-49  1.003 million versus Letterman 's 920,000 and Kimmel 's 898,000  and attracted a bigger audience  3.5 million viewers versus Letterman 's 3.2 million and Kimmel 's 2.5 million  . Still , rumors persist about a possible succession plan in 2014 that would involve Jimmy Fallon assuming the 11:30 p.m. time slot . ` Enlightened ' canceled by HBO Stern likes to talk trash about Leno . Last August , Stern claimed that reports about Leno taking a pay cut to limit staff reductions was not the entire truth . "  Jay wanted to cut staff . He 's embarrassed to do it . He did n't want to come off as a bad guy . NBC took the hit for him , because they 're a corporation ... My bullsh-t meter is going off all over the place , " he said . Stern also said he 's been "  feuding " with Leno for years . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	On his radio show , Howard Stern mentioned how he 's taking over "  The Tonight Show " Stern also said NBC 's Entertainment Chairman told him he 's "  got to take over the show " In August , Stern claimed that Leno taking a pay cut to limit staff reductions was n't entirely true
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea has said it will press on with its nuclear program as a response to what it described as hostility from the United States after an analysis of satellite images indicated increased activity at its nuclear test site . "  We had access to nuclear deterrence for self-defense because of the hostile policy of the U.S. to stifle the DPRK by force and we will expand and bolster it nonstop as long as this hostile policy goes on , " an unidentified spokesman for the North Korean Foreign Ministry said in a report Tuesday by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . DPRK is short for Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , North Korea 's official name . The top U.S. envoy for North Korea , Glyn Davies , warned Pyongyang on Monday that a possible third nuclear test would be "  a serious miscalculation and mistake . " The North Korean official suggested Tuesday that a nuclear test had not originally been part of the regime 's plans . "  We did not envisage such a military measure as a nuclear test as we planned to launch a scientific and technical satellite for peaceful purposes , " he said . But the statement concluded with a vague threat : "  If the U.S. persists in its moves to ratchet up sanctions and pressure upon us despite our peace-loving efforts , we will be left with no option but to take counter-measures for self-defense . " North Korea launched a rocket on April 13 , which failed less than two minutes into the flight . It said the launch was to put a satellite into orbit , but much of the international community saw it as a cover up for testing its ballistic missile technology . The move torpedoed a deal reached in February under which Pyongyang agreed to suspend its nuclear activities in exchange for food aid shipments from the United States . Many analysts assume an atomic test by North Korea is just a matter of time following the failure of the rocket launch last month . Two previous rocket launches in 2006 and 2009 were followed weeks or months later by nuclear tests . And activity is being ramped up at North Korea 's nuclear test site , a sign that the country is preparing for a test , according to an analysis of new satellite images by the defense publication IHS Janes . Mining carts and excavation equipment at Punggye-ri 's tunneling area can be seen in satellite images taken by Digital Globe and GeoEye in the past month . Earth and debris are being removed from the tunnel in the largest quantities seen so far , according to the Janes assessment . An image from mid-April shows a full mining train , including an engine and several carts , outside of the tunnel . And a more recent shot on May 9 reveals new road networks at the site along with carts and a vehicle at the facility . In the statement Tuesday , North Korea denounced as "  absolutely intolerable " a declaration from the Group of 8 leaders over the weekend , which stated that Pyongyang faces more isolation if it continues its pursuit of a nuclear program . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report	An analysis of satellite images shows increased activity at North Korea 's nuclear site Pyongyang says it will "  expand and bolster " its nuclear program It says it is responding in self-defense to "  the hostile policy of the U.S. " G8 leaders have warned North Korea it faces further isolation over its nuclear program
Editor 's note : Gloria Borger is a senior political analyst for CNN , appearing regularly on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull , " "  AC360  , " and "  State of the Union With John King , " as well as special event coverage . Newt Gingrich became the target of his own party 's ire for calling Sotomayor a racist . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Well , well . After initially waiting a few nanoseconds to call Supreme Court nominee Judge Sonia Sotomayor a racist -- not to mention advising that she just ought to withdraw from consideration -- Newt Gingrich has had a sudden change of heart . Or at least vocabulary . In the conservative magazine Human Events , he writes on Wednesday : "  My initial reaction was strong and direct -- perhaps too strong and too direct . ... Since then , some who want to have an open and honest consideration of Judge Sotomayor 's fitness to serve on the nation 's highest court have been critical of my word choice . ... The word ` racist ' should not have been applied to Judge Sotomayor as a person , even if her words themselves are unacceptable . " An apology from Newt ? And one that contains a string of thoughts too long to Twitter ? How can that be ? It seems as if poor Gingrich found himself the target of his own Republican Party . Some of the more serious folks in the Senate had been trying to figure out what kind of a jurist Sotomayor might be , when Newt and Rush Limbaugh decided to morph into Thelma and Louise . Their favorite topic ? Sotomayor 's now infamous statement that , "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " Foolish , yes . Self-serving , sure . But Gingrich and Co. just could n't leave it at that . Personal name-calling is just so much more fun -- and attention-getting . So she became a racist  even a reverse racist  , in their words . Not surprisingly , Republican senators trying to figure out a way to mount real questions about her judicial record were appalled . One Senate Republican told me that the GOP caucus grew increasingly furious at Gingrich 's grandstanding . "  People are really angry , " the senator says . "  Newt and Rush have simply made it far more difficult for Republicans to raise the legitimate issues . They 're so quick to throw the word racist around , they look ugly , and make us look the same way . " And ugly is not a good place to be when you 've just resoundingly lost an election -- with less than one-third of the Hispanic vote . If it stays at that level , Republicans will have a hard time winning elections in key red states with growing Hispanic populations . "  Is calling her names our best talking point ? " asks GOP pollster Tony Fabrizio . "  It 's a symptom of being leaderless ; it 's every man for himself these days . " The point , he says , is not to question whether Sotomayor is qualified to sit on the court . After all , after 17 years on the bench , there 's no doubt she has the right resume . The right question to ask , Fabrizio rightly argues , is this : How is she going to fill that seat ? And then there 's this : Instead of throwing around terms like "  judicial activist , " why not actually examine her record and look for things that might have some real meaning for the American people ? In these economic times , the old culture wars arguments against judges as a group of evil-doers ready to ` legislate from the bench ' holds much less sway . "  It 's got to be about a question of fairness when people are suffering economic anxiety , " says Fabrizio , who looks to the New Haven firefighters case as good fodder for discussion . In that case , the city denied promotions to a largely white group of firefighters after a civil service exam in which none of the black employees who took the test would have been promoted . "  These people studied for a test , passed it and did n't get their promotions , " Fabrizio says . And if the high court overturns Sotomayor 's ruling -- which some say is likely -- the decision would only make the case more incendiary . And that 's a fair discussion to have . But it should also be held in the context of the judge 's voluminous record . Tom Goldstein of the respected Scotusblog has done our work for us in examining the firefighters case plus 96 other race-related cases Sotomayor ruled on while on the Court of Appeals . Goldstein 's findings hardly show the mark of a jurist who is looking for discrimination above all else . The judge and the panel rejected the claim of discrimination 78 times and found it to be accurate in 10 cases . Nine of those cases were decided unanimously . Overall , he calculates , "  Judge Sotomayor rejected discrimination-related claims by a margin of roughly 8 to 1 . " All in all , Goldstein writes , in an 11-year career on the Second Circuit , the judge "  has participated in roughly 100 panel decisions involving questions of race and has disagreed with her colleagues in those cases ... a total of four times . " Four times ? Is that a legal activist ? A reverse racist ? A racist ? Or even an extremist ? Hardly . Note to Newt : Need new adjectives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : Newt Gingrich backed off his charge Sonia Sotomayor is a racist She says Gingrich angered Senate Republicans with his harsh language Borger : Study of judge 's decisions shows she usually rejects discrimination claims She says Sotomayor disagreed with judicial colleagues only four out of 100 times
CNN  -- A California Republican official has apologized for sending an e-mail that depicts President Barack Obama as a young chimpanzee . "  To my fellow Americans and to everyone else who has seen the e-mail I forwarded and was offended by my action , I humbly apologize and ask for your forgiveness of my unwise behavior , " Marilyn Davenport said in a statement obtained by CNN . Davenport , who is a Tea Party activist and an elected member of the central committee of the Republican Party of Orange County , said she felt the e-mail was a joke , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . The e-mail contains a doctored photo of what appears to be a family portrait of two adult chimpanzees posing with a young chimpanzee with Obama 's face pasted on it . The caption that ran with the photo says "  Now you know why no birth certificate , " the affiliate reported . Davenport said she would not repeat her error in the apology that included two Bible passages . "  I am an imperfect Christian lady who tries her best to live a Christ-like honoring life , " the statement said . "  I would never do anything to intentionally harm or berate others regardless of ethnicity . So I ask for your forgiveness , for I am truly sorry . " Despite criticism , Davenport told the affiliate that she does not need to resign her position because of the e-mail . Scott Baugh , chairman of the Republican Party of Orange County , said he was surprised by the e-mail . "  There 's no question the e-mail is racist . The only question is what was in Marilyn 's heart , what was her intent . But I do n't think there 's anybody on her committee or anybody in the world really that does n't see it as a racist , " Baugh said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " Baugh said he feels Davenport should resign . "  The bottom line is being sorry for something and having a sincere apology does n't undo the action , it does n't stop the consequences , " Baugh said . "  There 's still consequences for what she 's done and what she 's done will continue to bring controversy to my party so I 'm inclined to think at this time that she should still resign from the committee . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	New : A Republican chairman says Marilyn Davenport should resign The e-mail contains a doctored photo of a young chimpanzee with Obama 's face on it Davenport says that sending the e-mail was "  unwise behavior " Despite criticism , the official says she does not need to resign
CNN  -- Storms in the lower Mississippi valley Tuesday night unleashed baseball-sized hail , high winds and twisters , including one that lifted a tractor-trailer , the National Weather Service said . Meteorologists from Texas to Kentucky , a day after a similar round of storms , were flooded Tuesday evening with reports of severe storms or tornado touchdowns and resulting damage . According to the agency 's Storm Prediction Center , there were 29 tornado reports -- many in northeast Texas -- by late Tuesday , but the actual number had not been confirmed . Matt Bishop with the weather service 's Fort Worth office said the staff had heard of multiple reports of damage in northeastern Texas , although he was unaware of any injuries . "  We 're in the middle of a severe weather outbreak , " he said at 7:45 p.m. . At least two rounds of storms had struck Kaufman , Texas , about 30 miles east of Dallas , by Tuesday evening and another was on the way . "  It 's a little bit of everything around us , " said Kaufman Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Pat Laney . "  It 's been a chaotic afternoon . " She had heard of some damage , but no reports of injuries . "  We 've been very blessed , " Laney said . Two reported tornadoes touched down in Coahoma County , Mississippi , said emergency management director Johnny Tarzi . Two homes were destroyed in the city of Coahoma and five were heavily damaged in Friars Point , with about 15 sustaining minor damage . Trees and homes also were reportedly damaged at Moon Lake , said Tarzi . There were no immediate reports of injuries . Coahoma County is in western Mississippi , near the Arkansas border . The Little Rock , Arkansas , office received reports of hail , downed tree limbs and the incident involving the tractor-trailer in Coy , on U.S. 165 , said forecaster Brian Smith . About 24,000 people lost power Tuesday night in the Memphis , Tennessee , area . A twister was reported at Marion , Arkansas , west of Memphis . "  It 's going to be a busy night , " said Z.E. Ingram of the weather service 's Memphis office . The Shreveport , Louisiana , office issued about 15 tornado warnings , and had received many reports of funnel clouds and tornado touchdowns , meteorologist intern Matt Hemingway said . Meteorologists at the Tulsa , Oklahoma , office tracked a string of storms and possible tornado activity near Fort Smith , Arkansas , said forecaster Chuck Hodges . There were reports of hail and winds reaching 80 mph near Fort Smith . Forecasters issued a tornado watch for northeastern Texas , southeastern Oklahoma , eastern Arkansas , southeastern Illinois , western Kentucky , southeast Missouri , northwest Mississippi , western Tennessee , eastern Illinois , much of Indiana , northwestern Ohio and much of Michigan until 10 p.m. . This is a "  particularly dangerous situation , " the Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma , said of the outlook for tornadoes . Destructive tornadoes , softball-size hail , wind gusts to 70 mph and dangerous lightning are possible in and near this watch area . The bad weather extended to the east . A tornado warning was issued Tuesday afternoon in Rome , New York . "  Very large hail and damaging winds " can also be expected , forecasters said . Typically , only a handful of days per year reach high-risk criteria , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . On Wednesday , portions of Kentucky and Tennessee will be at moderate risk of severe thunderstorms , along with northeast and east-central Mississippi , the northern half of Alabama and northwest Georgia , the Storm Prediction Center said . An area between the Mississippi River and the Appalachian Mountains is "  likely to see a widespread/potentially dangerous severe weather event , " forecasters said . The stage may be set for a potential record-breaking month for tornadoes nationwide , according to the center . The long-term average for confirmed tornadoes in April is 116 . The previous record for April is 267 confirmed tornadoes in 1974 , which includes the historic "  superoutbreak " of April 3 and 4 that year . According to the center , the likely total of confirmed tornadoes through April 24 is between 200 and 275 . In Arkansas , more than 60,000 people were without power Tuesday after a rash of severe storms tore through the state Monday , leaving 10 dead and destroying more than a dozen homes . According to the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management , four fatalities were storm-related and six resulted from flooding . In Faulkner County , at least four people died in the severe thunderstorms , according to Faulkner County Office of Emergency Management spokesman Stephen Hawk . Two people died in Madison County , one in Washington County , two in Benton County and one in Perry County . Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe toured the Faulkner County town of Vilonia on Tuesday , telling CNN affiliate KATV , "  These folks have suffered some terrible losses . " House-to-house searches were being conducted in Vilonia , Hawk said . About 15 houses are destroyed , he said , and "  within the three-mile path of the storm , everything was affected . There are untold numbers of affected houses ... The only grocery store in town , the roof was pretty much torn off . " On Monday night , Madison County Sheriff Phillip Morgan said the bodies of an elderly man and woman were found after floodwaters swept away the couple 's car on Highway 23 south of Huntsville , in northwest Arkansas . The deaths are attributed to rising flood waters along War Eagle Creek . Also in northwest Arkansas , the Washington County Sheriff 's Office confirmed the death of 38-year-old Consuelo Santillano , who authorities say was swept away by rapidly moving water across Highway 265 South . And a possible tornado struck Little Rock Air Force Base in central Arkansas , damaging at least 100 housing units and knocking out power to some parts of the base , military officials said . Bob Oldham , a spokesman for the base , reported two minor injuries and some damage to aircraft at the base . Beebe told CNN later in the day that three C-130s were damaged to the point that , according to preliminary reports , they are inoperable "  without significant repairs . " The state also saw seven deaths in an earlier round of severe weather this month . Other parts of the state were flooded after several days of unceasing rain . Steve Wilkes of Fayetteville said his house was spared damage from a nearby flooded creek , but some of his friends are dealing with flooded basements . "  I 've lived here for more than 20 years . I 've never seen anything like this in my life , " Wilkes said . "  I saw water 2 to 3 feet deep across roadways that have never flooded . " In various parts of the state , the storms flipped over cars , damaged homes and knocked out power to tens of thousands , emergency management officials said . Some areas reported gusts of up to 70 mph . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Scott Thompson , Phil Gast , Sean Morris , Anna Rhett Miller , John Branch and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Storms damage homes in Mississippi Tornado touchdowns reported near Shreveport , Louisiana Storms reported in Arkansas , Oklahoma , Tennessee , Louisiana Tornado warning in Rome , New York
CNN  -- A two-star U.S. Army general will begin investigating this week how and why Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl left his base in Afghanistan , resulting in his capture , a senior defense official said . Bergdahl spent five years in captivity until his release May 31 , in exchange for five Taliban figures being held at a U.S. military detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Bergdahl , 28 , returned to the United States -- specifically to an Army medical facility in San Antonio , Texas -- early Friday . Though the investigation begins this week , it 's not known when the sergeant will undergo formal questioning . The senior defense official declined to name the general who will investigate until there is a formal announcement . Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official recently told CNN . Bergdahl arrived in San Antonio from a military hospital in Landstuhl , Germany , where he 'd been recuperating since his release May 31 in exchange for five Taliban figures held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Officials have described Bergdahl 's condition as stable . With Qatar as the broker , the United States struck a deal with the Taliban to free Bergdahl . The Obama administration did n't tell Congress of the releases . Under law , the White House has to give a 30-day notice to Capitol Hill before any terrorists are transferred from Guantanamo . Believing that his health was deteriorating , the administration said it acted quickly to save his life . U.S. special operations forces recovered Bergdahl without incident on May 31 at a helicopter pickup point in eastern Afghanistan , near the border with Pakistan .	Source : A two-star general has been appointed to investigate Bowe Bergdahl 's disappearance The general is expected to begin work on the case this week , the source said The source declined to identify the general
CNN  -- Nazi war crimes suspect John Demjanjuk was deported to Germany on Monday evening after he was removed from his Cleveland , Ohio-area home in the presence of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers earlier in the day . German officials claim John Demjanjuk was an accessory to 29,000 murders in a Nazi death camp . An ambulance transported him to an airstrip at the Cleveland airport . The plane carrying Demjanjuk departed at 7:13 p.m. Demjanjuk , 89 , is wanted by German authorities for his alleged involvement during World War II in killings at Sobibor , a Nazi death camp in Poland . His deportation closed a chapter in one of the longest-running pursuits of an alleged Holocaust perpetrator in history . It also sets the stage for what likely will prove to be an extraordinary German war crimes trial . The Supreme Court last Thursday denied a stay of deportation for Demjanjuk . Justice John Paul Stevens without comment refused to intervene in the planned transfer from the United States . Federal courts have all rejected his appeals , and the order from Stevens cleared the way for the Justice Department to move ahead with the deportation . Demjanjuk 's lawyers had asked the high court to consider their claims that he is too ill and frail to be sent overseas . They also raised human rights and other legal issues in their last-minute appeal . A German court last Wednesday had also ruled against a request for a stay . Officials in Berlin have issued an arrest warrant charging Demjanjuk with being an accessory to the murder of about 29,000 civilians at Sobibor in 1943 . The native Ukrainian has long claimed he was a prisoner of war , not a death camp guard . Immigration officers previously entered Demjanjuk 's Cleveland-area home April 14 , and carried him out in his wheelchair to a waiting van . He was held for a few hours and then returned to his residence after a federal appeals court ruled temporarily in his favor . Demjanjuk had appealed unsuccessfully to the Supreme Court last year . He was once accused by the United States and Israel of being a notoriously brutal S.S. guard at the Treblinka camp known as "  Ivan the Terrible . " After appeals , that allegation was eventually dropped by both countries , but later other allegations were made against him . CNN 's Terry Frieden and Bill Mears contributed to this report	Ambulance takes war crimes suspect from his home to Cleveland , Ohio , airport John Demjanjuk , 89 , wanted for alleged involvement in war crimes U.S. Supreme Court denied stay of deportation Lawyers argued he is too ill and frail to be sent overseas
CNN  -- The Bank of England 's pessimistic forecasts on unemployment will lure households and businesses into amassing more debt , say economists , as interest rates remain at a record low . Last week , newly-minted Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said rates would remain on hold at 0.5 % -- subject to "  knockout " conditions on inflation -- until unemployment fell below 7 % , a target the bank says wo n't be met for three years . Data released today showed that the UK jobless level remained unchanged at 7.8 % in the three months to June , falling by just 4,000 jobs . George Buckley , chief UK economist at Deutsche Bank , told CNN that the central bank 's measures were too complicated and could "  backfire . " Read more : British housing boom -- or bubble ? Buckley argues that "  people may be acting right now under a false sense of security . " If Britain 's economy improves and unemployment falls , the Bank of England may increase rates sooner than expected , he said . In March , UK finance minister George Osborne gave the Bank of England new powers to focus on growth , including unemployment , as well as its inflation target . Read more : Bank of England signals low rates for years Buckley said : "  This is exactly the reason that Osborne decided to hire Carney in the first place . He wanted to find somebody who did n't need that much pressure to consider more stimulus . " The Bank of England has already rolled out a  # 375 billion bond-buying program and an  # 80 billion scheme to get the banks lending in an effort to kickstart economic growth . Read more : Central banks in Europe keep rates on hold Buckley added : "  It would be politically expedient if they did manage to bring forward growth and achieve a strong economy in advance of the next election -LSB- in 2015 -RSB- . " Asked whether the Bank of England was becoming too political by interfering in unemployment , Stephen Pope , managing director of Spotlight Ideas , a global markets consultancy , told CNN : "  I think in the more sophisticated economies the edges between what is the responsibility of the treasury and the central bank can become somewhat fuzzy . " He added : "  I think it 's appropriate that a sophisticated central bank has as many levels or gears in the gear box to utilize and work with as possible ... and the fact that -LSB- Carney -RSB- has put these three knockout criteria in there means that he 's not allowing them to be manoeuvred into a corner . " The Bank of England outlined two "  knock out " exceptions that could mean a rate rise regardless of unemployment . First , if inflation , 18-24 months ahead , were to rise 0.5 % above the current target and the second if medium-term inflation expectations remain "  well anchored . " Inflation is currently at 2.8 % , well above the bank 's 2 % target . In an interview with ITV on August 7 , Carney said that the bank is "  not making any promise " on a time frame for raising interest rates . He said : "  We 'd all be pleased if we could lower the rate of unemployment by creating more -LSB- jobs -RSB- sooner rather than later , and if that happens then ... the Bank of England will have to take a judgement at that point in time . " Economic recovery The UK economy is beginning to see signs of recovery as output increased by 0.6 % in the second quarter of 2013 , double the rate of expansion seen in the first three months of the year . Despite a more positive economic outlook , Nick Beecroft , senior analyst at Saxo Capital Markets , told CNN that the Bank of England 's jobs forecast was still too pessimistic , echoing Buckley 's comments that borrowing could spiral under inaccurate guidance . Beecroft said : "  They 're pretty much used to embarrassing forecasts by now at the Bank of England ... I think we will reach 7 % -LSB- unemployment -RSB- probably toward the end of next year . " He added : "  The nightmare scenario is that we reach one of the knockout inflation triggers whilst unemployment has n't fallen . " Carney should have waited to see if the UK economy could continue its positive growth streak , according to Beecroft . He said : "  He 's been a little precipitate in that and runs the risk of damaging his credibility as well . " Carney 's style Canadian Carney -- the Bank of England 's first overseas governor in its 319-year history -- took a similar policy stance in his stint as governor of the Bank of Canada . The 48-year-old kept rates on ice for a large part of his tenure , leaving the benchmark rate at 1 % from September 2010 through to his departure in the spring of 2013 . Last week was Carney 's first press conference as Bank of England governor and Pope said the man known as the "  rock star banker " was right to take decisive action at his first outing . "  This was his first real chance to be his own man ... I think had he said nothing that would have been more damaging , " he added .	UK unemployment rate remains at 7.8 % , fell by just 4,000 jobs in the three months to June Newly-minted Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said rates will remain on hold at 0.5 % In March , UK finance minister George Osborne gave the Bank of England new powers to focus on UK growth The Bank of England has already rolled out a  # 375 billion bond-buying program , known as quantitative easing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- For years , retired Air Force Col. John Leech has had no desire to return to the Pentagon . Retired Col. John Leech narrowly escaped death at the Pentagon on September 11 , 2001 . Leech narrowly escaped death September 11 , 2001 , when a hijacked American Airlines jetliner hit the building . He will attend Thursday 's dedication of the Pentagon memorial honoring the 184 people killed in the terror attack . In an earlier visit to the memorial , Leech left a note for his friend Navy Capt. Jack Punches : "  Thanks Jack for serving and dying for our nation . " Leech could barely contain his sadness recently as he watched a Department of Defense videotape showing the burned interior of the area in the building where he was that fateful morning . "  Wow . My God . ... It makes you weak in the knees to see these pictures , " Leech said . Leech , 54 , recently took CNN into an office not far from the conference room where he was that morning . He has avoided touring the building since the attack but finally decided he was ready to "  re-engage " with the past . In 2001 , Leech was working as a Defense Department liaison officer to the White House Drug Policy office . He worked primarily out of the White House but attended meetings at the Pentagon every Tuesday and Thursday morning . Watch as he returns to the crash site " As he walked the now-renovated halls where he spent the morning of September 11 , he recalled the horror of the day . The shock , he said , was indescribable . "  It hit with such force . I had never experienced anything like it in my life . It rattled you right down to the bone , " Leech said . Flight 77 slammed into the west wall of the Pentagon at 9:37 a.m. ET . Among the 184 people killed in the building and on the plane were a 3-year-old girl and a 71-year-old retired Navy captain , the youngest and oldest victims , who were both passengers on Flight 77 . A closer look at the new Pentagon memorial " Several people were killed or severely burned not far from where Leech took cover . He remembers people screaming , "  bloodcurdling screams . " "  I was so lucky . ... It was almost like we were in a protective cocoon , " Leech recalled . "  I mean , I inhaled a lot of jet fuel vapors , and I got dusted up , but that was the extent of my injuries . " The married father of a 26-year-old woman remembers snaking his way outside the burning building , where in a stupor he noticed a comb that appeared to belong to a small child . "  A little girl 's comb that was untouched . It was not scorched ; it did n't have smut on it , " Leech remembered . "  It was a pristine red comb sitting off the side , and next to it was a tattered suitcase , and I can remember looking at that and thinking , who did that belong to ? What little girl did that belong to ? " Leech served 28 years in the military and now works for the Department of Homeland Security but hopes to return one day to the Defense Department . Seven years after that horrible day , Leech visited the chapel at the new Pentagon Memorial , a two-acre park , which opens to the public Thursday . It was built at the spot where Flight 77 plowed into the Pentagon and will be open 24 hours a day , seven days a week . Thumbing through a condolence book in the chapel , he found the friend whom he was with that day , Navy Capt. Jack Punches . He wrote , "  Thanks Jack for serving and dying for our nation -- John Leech . " "  I 've avoided ... anything to do with 9/11 , so it feels good to be here , " he said . "  I mean , a lot happened that day . A lot of good people died . A lot of very good people . " CNN senior Pentagon correspondent Jamie McIntyre contributed to this story	Retired Col. John Leech narrowly escaped death on September 11 , 2001 Pentagon survivor recalls shock , terror of that terrible morning Fleeing for safety , he saw a little girl 's red comb untouched near a tattered suitcase Watch 9/11 memorials in New York and Washington on CNN.com Live
Japan has long been the world leader in robotics research , but in recent years it 's also been leading the way when it comes to cutting-edge medical technology . A prototype "  Finger Rehabilitation Glove , " designed to aid recovery from paralysis . From robot nurses that can lift hospital patients in and out of their beds , to intelligent toilets that can dispense medical advice , Japanese researchers are developing radical new approaches to health care . While many of these technologies are still at the prototype stage , it may not be long before they turn up in a hospital near you .	Japan is leading the way with advances in cutting-edge medical technology Researchers have developed nurse robots that can assist in hospitals The "  Intelligent Toilet " can test blood pressure and give health advice
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Embattled President Hosni Mubarak said early Saturday that he asked the country 's government to resign after thousands of angry Egyptians defied a government curfew and faced stinging police tear gas as they marched for change . "  I asked the government to resign today and I will commission a new government to take over tomorrow , " Mubarak said in a national address on Saturday shortly after midnight . As Mubarak spoke , Egyptian tanks rolled into the country 's major cities after the nation 's police force had been largely faced down by protesters on Friday . Demonstrators burned many police stations in Cairo and Alexandria and overturned and torched police vehicles . Mubarak faces toughest challenge U.S. President Barack Obama spoke with the Egyptian president after Mubarak 's address . "  When President Mubarak addressed the Egyptian people tonight , he pledged a better democracy and greater economic opportunity , " Obama said from the White House . "  I just spoke to him after his speech , and told him he has a responsibility to give meaning to those words , to take concrete steps and actions that deliver on that promise , " Obama said in a televised appearance . "  Violence will not address the grievances of the Egyptian people . Suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away . " ElBaradei : The man to lead a free Egypt ? Mubarak gave no indication that he would step down or leave the country . "  I assure you that I 'm working for the people and giving freedoms of opinion as long as you 're respecting the law , " he said . "  There is very little line between freedom and chaos . " Are you there ? Send images , videos At the same time , Mubarak said that "  these protests arose to express a legitimate demand for more democracy , need for a greater social safety net , and the improvement of living standards , fighting poverty and rampant corruption . " "  I understand these legitimate demands of the people and I truly understand the depth of their worries and burdens and I will not part from them ever and I will work for them everyday , " he said . "  But regardless of what problems we face , this does not justify violence or lawlessness . " CNN Arabic A senior Obama administration official , meanwhile , said Friday evening that Mubarak 's speech was "  hardly conciliatory and highly disappointing , but what did you expect ? " It 's clear , the official said -- speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter -- that Mubarak believes he can ride this out , "  and this time , we 're not so sure that is the right assumption . " Administration officials had hoped Mubarak would promise an immediate and open dialogue , the official said . The streets of downtown Cairo appeared to calm somewhat overnight Friday as the army -- a much more respected force than police among Egyptian civilians -- took control of the country . The army was much less aggressive with protesters than the police had been , and many Egyptians applauded the arrival of its tanks in Cairo , Alexandria and elsewhere . One of the key questions ahead of sunrise in Egypt on Saturday is whether people will continue to welcome the army as a protective force or reject it as a tool of Mubarak . Celebratory crowds that had gathered overnight Friday ahead of Mubarak 's speech , expecting him to announce his resignation , quickly transformed into street demonstrations when the president announced he was staying put . The government cracked down throughout Friday with thousands of riot and plainclothes police , later joined by army troops in tanks and armored personnel carriers equipped with gun turrets . Undeterred , people ran , screamed , hurled rocks and accosted walls of security as they tried to make their way to central Cairo . Anti-government demonstrators have taken to the streets in Egypt since Tuesday to demand an end to Mubarak 's rule . The protests come weeks after similar disturbances sparked a revolution in Tunisia , forcing then-president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali to flee the country . Both Egypt and Tunisia have seen dramatic rises in the cost of living in recent years and accusations of corruption among the ruling elite . In downtown Cairo , a calm seemed to be settling in overnight Friday amid little sign of authority . "  There is no authority ... there 's nobody to protest against , " CNN 's Ben Wedeman said , speaking of the capital 's downtown area . "  State authority in much of downtown Cairo has disappeared . " Mubarak imposed a nationwide curfew from 6 p.m. Friday to 7 a.m. Saturday . State-run Nile TV said the curfew was in response to the "  hooliganism and lawlessness " of the protesters . Vans packed with riot police circled Cairo neighborhoods before the start of weekly prayers in the afternoon . Later in the day , Egyptian soldiers moved onto the streets , the first time the army has been deployed to quell unrest since 1985 . But protesters defied all warnings to demand an end to Mubarak 's authoritarian 30-year-rule . They chanted "  God is Great " and that the dictator must go . "  Down , Down , Mubarak , " they shouted . Plumes of rancid , thick smoke billowed over the Nile River as , by nightfall , chaos reigned in the bustling metropolis . The headquarters of the ruling National Democratic Party was ablaze Friday night . Nile TV said protesters ransacked the building and set it afire . Police fired water cannons , rubber bullets and tear gas with force and impunity . A tourist on the balcony of his 18th floor hotel room told CNN he had to run in and wash his eyes and face from the stinging gas . Police confiscated cameras from people , including guests at the Hilton Hotel . At least six people have died in the demonstrations this week , according to Egypt 's Interior Ministry . But Nile TV reported Friday that 13 have died and 75 were injured in Suez , south of Cairo , citing medical sources As the government cracked down on protesters across Egypt , opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei , who returned home to Cairo to join the demonstrations , was placed under house arrest , a high-level security source told CNN . ElBaradei , a Nobel Peace Prize winner and former head of the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency , was warned earlier not to leave a mosque near downtown Cairo where he was attending Friday prayers . White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said that the U.S. is reviewing its aid to Egypt "  based on events now and in the coming days . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressed the Egyptian crisis Friday , urging all parties to be peaceful and engage in dialogue . "  We are deeply concerned about the use of violence by Egyptian police and security forces against protesters and we call on the Egyptian government to do everything within its power to restrain its security forces , " Clinton said . "  At the same time , protesters should also refrain from violence and express themselves peacefully . " The protests sent ripples around the world , with stocks plunging on news of Egypt unrest . The Dow dropped 166 points on Friday , its largest loss since November . The State Department urged Americans to defer all non-essential travel to Egypt and within the country . Delta Air Lines said its last flight from Cairo will depart Saturday ; all other Cairo service was indefinitely suspended , said spokeswoman Susan Elliott . American Airlines and British Airways will allow customers with tickets between Friday and Monday to or from Cairo to change their flights at no charge , according American Airlines spokesman Edward Martelle . Egypt is the most populous nation in the Arab world and often a barometer for sentiment on the Arab community . "  What happens in Egypt will have an impact throughout the Arab world and the Middle East , " said Edward Djerejian , a former U.S. ambassador to Israel and Syria . In the Mediterranean port city of Alexandria on Friday , at least 1,000 protesters gathered and youths hurled rocks through black clouds of gas . Crowds ran through the streets toward the city 's central square . There was no indication of a curfew in that city either , as people remained out well after the time it was to begin . In Suez , 15,000 riot police were out , using tear gas to disperse crowds , Nile TV said . Riot police also confronted protesters in the cities and towns of Ismailia , Fayoum and Shbin Elkoum , according to the anti-government group Egyptian Liberation . A CNN crew covering the clashes in Cairo felt the wrath of the police . CNN 's Wedeman and Mary Rogers were under an overpass and behind a column as police tried to hold back protesters . Plainclothes police wielding clubs surrounded the CNN team and wanted "  to haul us off , " Wedeman said . In a struggle , police grabbed Rogers 's camera , cracked its viewfinder , and confiscated it . Wedeman said the police threatened to beat them . Egypt 's Interior Ministry forbade protests Friday , but some Egyptians went door to door in Cairo , urging their neighbors to participate . The main opposition bloc , the Muslim Brotherhood , urged its supporters for the first time to take to the streets . Hours ahead of the protests , the internet went dark in many parts of the country . Some text messaging and cell phone services appeared to be blocked . Even though it was difficult to use Twitter and Facebook within Egypt , thousands of others outside the country ran with the powerful social media tool to provide a real-time chronology of events . "  Mubarak " was a trending topic . Authorities arrested a prominent Muslim Brotherhood leader early Friday , detaining the party 's main speaker , Issam al-Aryan , according to a relative . Other government critics voiced their opinions -- amazingly -- on state-run television . A popular morning show on state-run Nile TV included comments from guests calling for the resignation of government officials and increased dialogue between authorities and arrested protesters . The network carried coverage of the protests , even at times calling them large and peaceful . They followed days of unrest that have roiled several Arab countries . Demonstrations in Tunisia were followed by protests in Algeria , Egypt , Yemen and Jordan . "  They all want the same , " said Emile Hokayem of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in the Middle East , speaking of protesters in different Arab countries . "  They 're all protesting about growing inequalities , they 're all protesting against growing nepotism . The top of the pyramid was getting richer and richer . " People are also fed up with authoritarian regimes that do not afford the people proper representation . Mubarak has not been seen in public for some time . He is 82 and there has been speculation of failing health . Many Egyptians believe Mubarak is grooming his son , Gamal , as his successor , a plan that could be complicated by demands for democracy . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Frederik Pleitgen , Salma Abdelaziz , Housam Ahmed and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Tanks roll into Egyptian cities as army takes control President Obama speaks to the Egyptian president after Mubarak gives an address Mubarak says he has asked government to resign Protesters defy a curfew that went into effect at 6 p.m. Friday
CNN  -- Park Ji-sung headed a second half winner as Manchester United beat bitter rivals Liverpool 2-1 to reclaim top spot in the English Premier League on Sunday . Spanish international striker Fernando Torres gave Liverpool a shock fifth-minute lead at Old Trafford , but Wayne Rooney quickly equalized from the penalty spot . The goal came in controversial circumstances with Javier Mascherano 's foul on Antonio Valencia appearing to start outside the area . Rooney 's initial spotkick was saved by Pepe Reina , but the England striker continued his rich scoring vein by hitting home the rebound in the 12th minute . In a second half of few openings , South Korean star Park dived to power home the winner on the hour mark from man of the match Darren Fletcher 's superb cross . Torres , who had started and finished the move to put Liverpool ahead , fluffed a great chance to equalize in the the last minute , but his shot ballooned high and Yossi Benayoun could only head it straight at Edwin van der Sar . The win takes United two points clear of Arsenal on 69 points after 31 games . Third-placed Chelsea were later held to a 1-1 draw at Blackburn to be four points adrift , but with a game in hand . It was another setback for Chelsea , who were knocked out of the Champions League by Inter Milan in midweek . Didier Drogba gave Carlo Ancelotti 's men an early lead at Ewood Park as he neatly converted Nicolas Anelka 's cross , but they were unable to press home their advantage . El-Hadji Diouf equalized for the home side in the 70th minute when he rose above Paulo Ferreira to cleverly direct Michel Salgado 's cross past Petr Cech . Fletcher claimed their earlier victory over Liverpool , who are battling with Tottenham , Manchester City and Aston Villa for the final Champions League spot , had put the pressure on Chelsea . "  The team that puts the most consistent run to the end of the season will probably be the champions , " Fletcher told Sky Sports . United 's city rivals Manchester City also enjoyed a crucial 2-1 win on Sunday as they beat Fulham at Craven Cotage . Fulham were feeling the effects of their famous win over Juventus in midweek and fell behind to first half goals from Roque Santa Cruz and Carlos Tevez , who starred for the visitors . Fulham captain Danny Murphy pulled one back from the spot in the 75th minute but they could not force an equalizer . City move above Liverpool into fifth place , two points adrift of fourth-placed Tottenham , but with a game in hand .	Park Ji-sung heads a second half winner to give Manchester United 2-1 win Fernando Torres puts Liverpool ahead with Wayne Rooney leveling from spot Victory sees United reclaim top spot in the English Premier League NEW : Chelsea held 1-1 at Blackburn and are four points adrift with a game in hand
CANNES , France  CNN  -- Dark glasses are de rigueur on the sun-kissed French Riviera , but this year glamorous cineastes attending the opening night of Cannes were matching another kind of face wear with their tuxedoes and designer dresses . The crew of "  Up " pose for photographers ahead of the animated movie 's premiere at Cannes . The audience donned 3D glasses as they attended the premiere of Pixar 's "  Up , " an animation in 3D , which marked the start of world 's most prestigious film festival . It is the first time in the festival 's 62-year history that Cannes has opened with an animation . "  Up " will show out of competition . John Lasseter , chief creative officer of acclaimed filmmaker-led animation studio Pixar described the moment as "  one of the greatest things that has happened to us in our careers . " He said : "  To have your movie actually open it is really , really exciting -- and to be the first 3D film too . " The festival 's surprise choice , in the wake of the recent success of 3D pictures "  Coraline " and DreamWorks ' "  Monsters vs. Aliens " earlier this year , is perhaps the boldest message yet that 3D is being embraced by the mainstream as the format of the future . According to Lasseter , who is also chief creative officer at Walt Disney Animation Studios , Pixar 's tenth film also marks a major shift for both studios . "  All of our films from now on will be made in 3D both at Pixar and at the Disney Animation Studios as well , " he said . "  Up , " co-directed by Pete Docter and Bob Petersen , tells the story of a grouchy 78-year-old widower who ties thousands of helium balloons to his ramshackle house and floats away to realize his dream of visiting South America . The heart-warming tale , which took four years to complete , is visually stunning , using 3D to make the screen like a window into the world of the film . "  We really tried to use depth in the same we use color and cinematography , and that is to further the emotion of the scene , " said Docter of the philosophy behind the team 's use of 3D in "  Up . " The computer animated drama showcases the strength of the format to immerse viewers in the narrative -- especially when it is in the hands of talented storytellers . Docter and Petersen steer clear of using 3D to create wow factor with the visual gags the format can provide . Lasseter agrees that 3D should be used as an aid to storytelling and not just for cheap visual thrills . "  3D has a tendency , especially when you do all that ` comin ' - at-you ' stuff , everybody laughs , but now they 're out of the story , so we try to restrict that . " Lasseter who co-founded the legendary animation studio behind animations "  Toy Story '  1995  , and "  Monsters Inc. "  2001  , is one of many high profile 3D advocates . DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg has said that 3D is a film revolution akin to the inception of sound , which ushered in the era of the "  talkies " in the early 20th Century . Pixar made its first 3D film , "  Knick Knack " in 1989 . "  The problem was that there was no theater in the world that you could see it in , " said "  Up " producer , Jonas Rivera . "  We were waiting 16 or 17 years to see it in 3D . " The problem of 3D screens has been solved by digital cinema , and although the roll out of 3D-enabled cinemas has been dealt a blow by the economic downturn , exhibitors are continuing to install screens all over the world . Hollywood is also squarely behind 3D , green-lighting features from directors like Tim Burton and George Lucas . The studios hope it will be the format global audiences will be watching films in the future -- in the cinemas and not in their living rooms . In April , DreamWorks Animation 's latest feature , "  Monsters vs. Aliens , " opened on 2,000 3D screens in the U.S and there are high hopes that James Cameron 's 3D title "  Avatar " will be a 2010 Christmas blockbuster . This year at Cannes , there are even some 3D films screening in the market including , "  Station 21 , " a sci-fi thriller from French director , Olivier Parthonnaud . Pixar 's innovation in filmmaking will be honored later this year at the Venice Film Festival , when the studio will be presented with a Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement -- the first time in the festival 's history that a studio has been awarded this prize .	Pixar 's "  Up " is first animation to open world 's most prestigious film festival Follows success of 3D pictures such as "  Coraline " and "  Monsters vs. Aliens " DreamWorks CEO : 3D is a film revolution akin to the inception of sound Problem of 3D screens has been solved by digital cinema
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Philadelphia Judge M. Teresa Sarmina ruled Friday to stay the execution of Terrance Williams and grant a new penalty phase in the case , after finding that authorities had suppressed evidence of alleged sexual abuse . Williams , 46 , had been scheduled to be executed on October 3 for a 1984 slaying in which he beat Amos Norwood to death with a tire iron . Sarmina found "  reasonable probability " that the verdict might have been different had allegations of abuse surfaced during the initial case , noting that the relationship between the two men had been established but not disclosed . Williams attorney Shawn Nolan said the defense team is "  very gratified " by the decision , having maintained that information about the alleged abuse was withheld from the trial and that Williams ' life should instead be spent in a cell . The sexual abuse began when Williams was 6 years old , his attorneys have said . They argued that the jurors who convicted Williams more than 25 years ago were told that it was a robbery-homicide case and never learned of the abuse allegations . Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said Friday that he would appeal the decision . He has said the abuse allegations are hearsay and "  a last-ditch effort to escape punishment . " "  In the 28 years since the murder of Amos Norwood , these new allegations only came to light just a few months ago , and  Williams  is not the one making the allegations . " Announcing the scheduled execution , Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett 's office described the brutal Philadelphia killing . Williams and accomplice Marc Draper led Norwood , 56 , to an area near a cemetery , forced him to lie on the ground , tied him up , gagged him and stole his valuables , the governor 's office said in a statement . "  Williams and Draper repeatedly beat the man with a tire iron and a socket wrench and then drove away in the victim 's car . Williams later returned and burned Norwood 's body , " the statement said . Draper is serving a life sentence . On September 17 , the state 's Board of Pardons failed to reach the unanimous agreement required to recommend clemency . Three members of the five-person panel voted in favor of asking Corbett to consider granting clemency . But the two other board members voted against the petition . Since the execution date was set , a number of high-profile supporters have called for clemency in the case , including Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly . More than 360,000 people have signed an online petition asking authorities to spare Williams ' life . Norwood 's widow has also asked for the execution to be called off . But Norwood 's daughter wants the execution to go forward , the Philadelphia district attorney 's office said . She said Friday that accusations of sexual abuse were false and asked the court to uphold the death penalty .	NEW : Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams will appeal the decision Terrance Williams was set to be executed October 3 for a 1984 slaying His attorneys said victim Amos Norwood had sexually abused Williams District attorney has said the abuse allegations are hearsay
CNN  -- A woman accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter and dumping her body in Texas ' Galveston Bay went on trial Tuesday on capital murder charges in the child 's death , court officials said . Kimberly Dawn Trenor has pleaded guilty to an evidence-tampering charge , her attorney says . Kimberly Dawn Trenor , 20 , pleaded guilty last week to tampering with evidence in the case , but she pleaded not guilty to the capital murder charge , said her attorney , Tom Stickler . Trenor 's husband , Royce Clyde Zeigler II , 25 , also faces capital murder and evidence-tampering charges , but is being tried separately and has not been arraigned . The body of Trenor 's daughter , Riley Ann Sawyers , was found in October 2007 in a large plastic blue container on an uninhabited island in Galveston Bay . Jurors in Trenor 's trial also will determine her sentence on the evidence-tampering charge , which carries a penalty of two to 20 years in prison , according to The Houston Chronicle . Riley Ann 's case drew national attention after a fisherman found her body . Authorities were unsure of her identity , and police dubbed her "  Baby Grace . " After authorities distributed composite sketches of the girl nationwide , Sheryl Sawyers , the girl 's paternal grandmother , contacted police from her Ohio home to say the drawing resembled her granddaughter . DNA testing confirmed the child 's identity . According to an affidavit , Trenor told police Riley had been beaten and thrown across a room and that her head was held under water before she died on July 24 , 2007 . She said the couple hid the girl 's body in a storage shed for one to two months before they put it in the plastic container and dumped it into the bay . The disposal of the girl 's body led to the evidence-tampering charge . A medical examiner said Riley 's skull was fractured in three places , injuries that would have been fatal . A capital murder charge carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison , the Chronicle reported . A cross has since been erected on the island where the toddler was found , which was named Riley 's Island in her honor , according to the Houston newspaper . Trenor and the girl moved to Texas from Ohio in May 2007 to be with Zeigler , whom Trenor had met on the Internet . While in custody , Trenor gave birth this summer to another child , who is now in the care of relatives , her attorney , Tom Stickler , said .	Kimberly Dawn Trenor accused of killing her 2-year-old known as "  Baby Grace " Child 's body was found in plastic container on island in Texas ' Galveston Bay Trenor could receive sentence of life in prison if convicted
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As a candidate , Barack Obama promoted hybrid cars . Auto enthusiasts have panned the design of the new presidential limo , which will be painted all black . As president , he 'll be handed the keys to one . Sort of . Shortly after taking the oath of office , Obama will climb into the Mother of All Hybrids -- part car , part truck and , from the looks of it , part tank . In keeping with recent tradition , the Secret Service will place a brand-new presidential limousine into service January 20 to drive the new president on the 2-mile jaunt down Pennsylvania Avenue during the inaugural parade . Already , spy photos of the limo -- with patches of gray primer -- have leaked out . And already , the reviews : "  Ugly as sin , " says one car enthusiast on an auto Web site . "  Ca n't we make a hotter ride for our pres ? " "  Sheesh , " says another , "  why do n't they just transport the president around in an Abrams tank . " One news agency , noting its 8-inch-thick doors , says the limo can withstand a "  direct hit from an asteroid . " But GM spokeswoman Joanne K. Krell laughed off the comments . "  And it will fix you a latte if you ask , " she jokes . Watch Obama 's new wheels " In truth , the new presidential limo is a Cadillac , Krell said , although it is "  not a direct extension of any single model . " "  The presidential vehicle is built to precise and special specifications , undergoes extreme testing and development , and also incorporates many of the top aspects of Cadillac 's ` regular ' cars -- such as signature design , hand-cut-and-sewn interiors , etc. , " Krell told CNN . "  Cadillac is honored to serve and renew this great tradition , " she said . "  And it is entirely appropriate that an American president has at his service a great American vehicle . " For much of the country 's history , the Secret Service did n't even drive the president , evidently oblivious to the dangers of asteroids . In the post-Lincoln horse-and-buggy era , it was customary for a security detail to closely trail the president , according to a Secret Service history . With the advent of automobiles , the Secret Service acquired a 1907 H. White Steamer to follow Theodore Roosevelt 's horse-drawn carriage . White House chauffeurs drove later presidents , until the Secret Service assumed many of the driving responsibilities after Franklin Roosevelt 's death in 1945 . In 1965 , Lyndon Johnson was the first president to ride in a bulletproof limo in an inaugural parade , less than two years after his predecessor , John F. Kennedy , was shot and killed while riding in an open car . Take a look at a few presidential limos " Cut off from the world Obama should expect two seemingly contradictory feelings when riding in the presidential limousine , said Joe Funk , a retired Secret Service agent who was President Bill Clinton 's driver during part of his career . Watch Funk talk about his time as the president 's driver " "  I think he will be surprised about how when he 's in the limo , it 's a cocoon , " Funk said . "  The everyday noises will be gone , and he will be totally isolated in this protective envelope . " "  At the same time , I think he will be surprised at the communication capabilities , how the phones , the satellites , the Internet -- everything is at his fingertips , " he said . "  So at one end , you are totally removed from society . The other side of the coin is that he can have any communications worldwide at a moment 's touch . " Funk says presidents sometimes chat with the agents , and sometimes do n't . "  Every day is different , just like every person , " he said . "  Sometimes they get in the car and they have a lot on their mind . They 're involved in reading material , they 're involved in the newspaper , they 're talking to local dignitaries or they are talking to Cabinet-level . "  Other times , they are interested in sporting events , in doing the crossword puzzle , interested in the feedback they get from talking to the agents -- primarily the supervisor that sits in the front seat , " Funk said . While the government spares no expense for the presidential limo , the weight of the car makes it less maneuverable and more sluggish than comparable sport utility vehicles , Funk said . And the door and window frames , which accommodate thick ballistic glass , create large blind spots , he said . Funk 's own experience driving Clinton was uneventful , he says , which is a good thing , considering his line of business . "  I was very lucky . We did n't have any close calls , " he says . "  Everything was very smooth . " But he still considers the experience a career highlight . "  At the end of the day , if you had a good driving day , you do kind of sit back with a certain amount of pride and say , ' I had the president of the United States in the car with me for an hour , two hours , and I got him from point A to point B safely in conjunction with all the other team members , ' " he said . "  When it 's done , you can sit back and take some pride in knowing that you pulled it off . " Available in any color , as long as it 's black One Internet wag , adding to the rampant speculation about the new car , made this prediction : It will be painted black . But environmentalists may ask , will it be green ? Not likely . Car enthusiasts believe the overweight vehicle burns diesel and will have low mileage . And with diesel costing about $ 2.40 a gallon Monday , versus $ 1.67 for gasoline , this new limo ca n't be called an economy vehicle . "  The limousines of yesteryear were designed just well enough to provide protection to get the president out of the situation , " says Ken Lucci , CEO of Ambassador Limousine Inc. and owner of two Reagan-era limos . "  In today 's case , they -LSB- the Secret Service -RSB- expect a prolonged attack , and they expect an attack that is a lot more violent than -LSB- with -RSB- a weapon you can hold in you hand . " "  It literally is a rolling bunker , " he says . "  It just happens to have wheels on it . " And it 's not a bad vehicle for someone whose job is to fix the economy , even if it wo n't brew coffee on command .	New presidential limo will transport Obama on Inauguration Day Custom-built Cadillac will be bulletproof , have hand-sewn interior Limo can withstand a "  direct hit from an asteroid , " news agency jokes First presidential limo purchased in 1907 for President Theodore Roosevelt
CNN  -- On a recent visit to Barcelona , Spain , my local translator , who told me he was becoming increasingly interested in physics as he listened to my responses to reporters ' questions , commented that he could n't believe the biggest advances in my field will come not from America but from Europe -- for him , an unexpected turn . The Large Hadron Collider , the enormous machine that collides protons to study matter at higher energies and shorter distances than ever is in Europe  near Geneva , Switzerland  and not in America , where most important particle physics discoveries have taken place in the past . The European community has remained steadfastly supportive of this international enterprise and , unlike America of late , recognizes the importance of maintaining its scientific commitments . If current political discussions are any indication , America is in danger not only of losing scientific leadership but also of losing respect for the scientific method itself . This is at a time when the type of clear and rational thinking that science teaches us is more relevant than ever . Given the challenging problems we face today , our country needs to embrace the scientific values that have served us so well . Much of our economy , from the ever-tinier and more powerful products of our electronics industry to the most cost-effective manufacturing processes to the latest marketing and advertising tactics , has emerged from scientific advances and reasoning . So have many sensible government policies and programs , even if they are often also politically compromised . Science features prominently in many current debates , including those over climate change , searches for alternative energy sources and progress in medical care . But other issues that are n't strictly scientific also involve the big numbers and complicated interwoven decisions for which scientific thinking can help . Yes science is difficult and some people feel disempowered by how much we need to understand . But so are such challenges as establishing stability in the Middle East , fixing the economy , restoring job growth and ensuring financial stability . The scientific method lets us see how various policies have fared elsewhere  through observation and experiment  and in other cases we can anticipate the expected results of various policies . Of course political factors enter , too , in policy debates in which actual scientific facts do n't necessarily dominate the decision-making process . But in all cases , having a logical framework with which to move forward makes sense . Science gives us a systematic way of incorporating what we know and do n't know into a consistent logical framework . It does n't say we know all the answers , but it does tell us the likelihood of particular outcomes and how well we can trust our predictions . At particle colliders , we know that if certain theories are correct , certain particles should appear a given fraction of the time and we can determine how many collisions we would need for a signal of new phenomena to emerge . When we decide on regulations , we have to estimate the likely cost of damages and the likely benefits of providing new rules . Scientists carefully consider the questions we ask , the uncertainties in our assumptions and the precision of our results . Even though science can be good for all of us , scientific issues in America have taken on political overtones . As Jon Stewart asked me on the Daily Show , why do people resist science and why are scientists accused of working for the Democrats , or either party for that matter ? The answer I gave then is probably indeed one way to understand the problem . Science is difficult in many cases . The shortcut to presenting reasoned arguments is to present the conclusions of scientists rather than the detailed logic and reasoning that went into their decisions . Debates become "  he said , she said "  actually more often "  he said , he said "  . Not only does this distort the balance of what people really think -- rarely do both opinions carry equal weight -- but even worse , personalizing the arguments becomes a shortcut for describing the issues themselves . That leaves science and facts open to politicization that presenting actual facts can potentially avert . Part of being a good scientist is the ability to find answerable questions , hopefully ones that shed light on larger , more difficult problems . I recently heard a leading economist compare financial crises to avalanches , the idea being that avalanches are the result of small pressures building up to massive instabilities that are difficult to predict . A scientist who worries about avalanches  or any mountain guide worth their fee  would know the indicators of avalanches , the slope and type of snow , and would furthermore know how to check for danger before heading down a slope . They would also recognize a slope that is likely to fail , even if they ca n't say exactly when . In the case of markets , a scientific way of thinking would also involve trying to find indicators of problems and tests that predict  based on experimental data  when situations are likely to get out of hand . Scientists do n't just throw up their hands and say a problem is too difficult . They look for inroads , while at the same time acknowledging the potential limitations of their results . Though scientists rely on expert opinions , the opinion of any scientist , no matter how important , ultimately has to be verified through facts . Everyone who is interested is free to examine data or evaluate ideas . A promising direction or an objection to existing suggestions will ultimately be heard . The key currency in science is reputation . Scientists know they have to pay attention to both good ideas and to objections , because science is unforgiving . Golden parachutes do n't exist . Presented with mounting debt and budget shortfalls , we now hear proposals to cut America 's investment in education , infrastructure , science and technology . But that is like dealing with a water shortage by cutting the roots out of trees . Yes the water is more obviously needed for the dry brittle branches , but nothing will survive if we cut off the source . I 'm encouraged in an odd sort of way by the e-mails I get and the interviews I 've had with people whose political affiliations are at opposite poles from mine . Despite what we might hear and what politicians might say , science is not just the domain of a liberal elite . It 's encouraging to get mail from someone who is hopeful his daughters learn science , even if he subsequently put me on his tea party mailing list . Science and the scientific method are part of progress . With science we do n't always know where results will take us . No one knew electricity would change the face of the planet when it was discovered or that quantum mechanics would lead to the electronics revolution . But a scientifically advanced society values progress and education , and is prepared to think rationally about the issues we face . The arguments might be more subtle and some people might be resistant at first . But if policymakers show they believe what scientific results say , even those who are skeptical or afraid might come around . They should n't be ashamed of employing science , they should be proud of it . And the electorate , if they are concerned about our future , should start demanding they do so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Randall .	Lisa Randall says U.S. has lost leadership in some parts of science The top research tool in her field of physics , the Large Hadron Collider , is in Europe She says many have lost faith in the value of scientific thinking Randall : Science provides a rigorous and open way for people to find the truth
A top European Union official said Saturday that new sanctions will be proposed within a week against Russia over its actions in Ukraine , but Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko sounded like he ca n't wait that long . "  I think we are very close to the point of no return , " Poroshenko said Saturday following an EU summit in Brussels . "  The point of no return is full-scale war , which already happened in the territory controlled by separatists and where -- instead of separatists -- there are regular Russian troops . " Poroshenko said the situation had worsened in the last few days and that thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on Ukrainian territory . Russia has repeatedly denied either supporting the rebels or sending its own troops over the border . But those assertions have been roundly rejected by the West . European Council President Herman Van Rompuy , speaking at the summit , said new sanctions will be proposed . "  The European Council says that it stands ready to take further significant steps in the light of the evolution of the situation on the ground and it requests the commission to urgently undertake preparatory work ... and present proposals for consideration within a week , " Rompuy said . Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared defiant in the face of a chorus of Western condemnation over what NATO says is clear evidence of Russian military aggression in Ukraine . Moscow does n't want or intend to wade into any "  large-scale conflicts , " Putin said Friday at a youth forum , state-run Itar-Tass reported . A few breaths later , he made the point that Russia is "  strengthening our nuclear deterrence forces and our armed forces , " making them more efficient and modernized . "  I want to remind you that Russia is one of the most powerful nuclear nations , " the President said . "  This is a reality , not just words . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel and U.S. President Barack Obama agreed in a phone call Thursday that they would have to consider tougher action against Russia . The European Union and the United States have already slapped economic sanctions on targeted Russian individuals and businesses . The union also has sanctioned certain sectors of the Russian economy , prompting Russia to retaliate with its own measures . Port city fortifies The Ukrainian military worked to fortify the port city of Mariupol after Russian intelligence groups were observed there , Col. Andriy Lysenko , spokesman for the Ukrainian National Defense and Security Council , said Saturday . A CNN team saw Ukrainian forces strengthening defensive positions on the eastern outskirts of the city , reinforcing checkpoints and digging trenches along roads leading toward the Russian border . Beyond these checkpoints , the team found a small advance detachment of Ukrainian troops on the main road about halfway between Mariupol and Novoazovsk . The soldiers said it had been quiet Saturday . The CNN team encountered the first pro-Russian rebel roadblock a short distance outside Novoazovsk , about 12 miles  20 kilometers  from the Russian border , with concrete blocks across the road and a heavy machine gun among the weaponry . A 12.7 mm heavy machine gun was among the weapons at the roadblock . The fighters would not allow the CNN team to pass through but said they should "  come back tomorrow . " There is a large stretch of territory east of Mariupol , some 15-30 kilometers wide depending on location , that is occupied by neither Ukrainian forces nor pro-Russian fighters . In the villages between the two "  front lines " there are no signs of damage . Some stores are open and there is some civilian traffic on the roads . Long queues have formed at one checkpoint out of Mariupol as people from rural areas try to get in and out of the city . Denials ` without credibility ' Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula in March , following the ouster of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych the previous month . Violence broke out in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions in April , as separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev . Since mid-April , the conflict between the pro-Russia rebels and the Ukrainian military has cost more than 2,500 lives , according to the United Nations . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Friday that -- whatever the Kremlin says -- the reality is Russian troops are inside Ukraine and have fired on Ukrainian military positions . See the NATO satellite images In response , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said NATO had previously used "  images from computer games " to -- in his view -- falsely make the case that Russian troops are in Ukraine , and said the "  latest accusations are pretty similar . "	European Union leader : More sanctions against Russia to be considered Ukraine 's President says thousands of foreign troops are on Ukrainian soil President of Ukraine : ` Point of no return ' may come if escalation continues Ukrainian forces bolster defenses around southern port of Mariupol
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Lebanese authorities Friday raised the death toll from a car bombing the day earlier , saying at least 22 people were killed and hundreds injured in a southern suburb of Beirut . Thursday 's bomb rocked an area known as a stronghold of the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah , the Lebanese army said . At least 228 others were injured in the terrorist attack , the Lebanese Internal Security Forces said . There was a heightened security presence Friday in Beirut and other areas of Lebanon , but tensions appeared lower than on Thursday evening . Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah is due to address a large rally Friday in the southern Lebanon town of Aita al Shaab , close to the border with Israel . It 's unclear if Nasrallah will respond to the bombing , which appeared to target Hezbollah , and whether , if so , his words will provoke more anger against the movement and its involvement in Syria 's civil war . The previously planned rally is being held to mark the seventh anniversary of Hezbollah 's July 2006 war with Israel . Along with Shiite-dominated Iran , Hezbollah is helping Syria 's government fight rebels , whose ranks are dominated by Sunnis . After Thursday 's blast , a YouTube video surfaced in which three masked men holding weapons claimed they are part of a group responsible for the attack . They stood before a large Arabic sign containing the Islamic creed , "  There is no God but Allah , and Mohammed is the messenger of Allah . " The group , which calls itself the Brigade of Aisha , Mother of Believers , accused Hezbollah of being aggressors . Aisha , the last wife of the Prophet Mohammed , is especially revered by Sunni Muslims . In its YouTube post , the group called Nasrallah a "  pig " and said he works on behalf of Iran and Israel . "  A message : To our brothers and sisters in Lebanon : Stay away from anything to do with Iran -- whether in Beirut or outside Beirut , " it said . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the video or the men 's claims . The U.S. Embassy in Beirut tweeted condemnations of the attack . Hezbollah 's involvement in the Syrian conflict has angered some in Lebanon , and many Lebanese fear that the group could be the target of more attacks in future . People living near the scene of Thursday 's blast told CNN they worried that if a car bomb could be brought into this neighborhood , which Hezbollah tightly controls , then others might follow . Many Lebanese see the attack as another indication that Syria 's civil war is spilling over its borders . Lebanon is divided along the same sectarian lines as its neighbor . Lebanon 's army said its units responded immediately to the bombing Thursday evening , setting up a security zone and beginning investigations . Civil defense units were trying to rescue some citizens stuck inside their homes due to the fire resulting from the blast , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported . The explosion came about a month after a car bomb injured dozens of people in the pro-Hezbollah neighborhood of Bir El Abed in a southern Beirut suburb . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut , Lebanon . CNN 's Yasmin Amer reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah is scheduled to address a large rally The Lebanese army says a car bomb caused the blast An unknown group claims responsibility in a YouTube video The area is a Hezbollah stronghold
CNN  -- Seeking to stem what it calls media "  misinformation , " Florida State University has broken what it calls its "  deliberate silence " about the way it has dealt with sexual assault allegations that were raised against star football player Jameis Winston nearly two years ago -- allegations that he denies . In an open letter sent Friday "  to members of the Florida State University community " and the media , the university said it decided to share a time line of the case and the university 's responses . The reason for providing more detail , the letter stated , was "  the continual drumbeat of misinformation about the University 's actions  that  causes harm to our students , faculty , alumni , supporters and the FSU community as a whole . " The letter does not mention Winston by name , nor does it specify which facts of the case have been misrepresented in news reports . Previously , the university would not comment on the investigation , citing state and federal student privacy laws . FSU is conducting a Title IX investigation concerning an allegation that Winston , sexually assaulted a woman in a Tallahassee bar in December 2012 . The accuser reported the alleged assault to campus police that night , and a month later accused Winston of the alleged rape . Police said the woman "  broke off contact " with investigators in February 2013 and did n't want to go forward with the case . However , the Title IX investigation is required by law even if criminal charges were not filed . Winston could be charged by his university for a code-of-conduct violation for sexual misconduct , depending upon the results of the school 's investigation . Meanwhile , Winston , aside from a one-game suspension earlier this season for yelling a sexually explicit remark near the school 's student union , continues to play for the Seminoles , who are undefeated and ranked No. 1 in the polls . Winston won the Heisman Trophy , the award for college football 's most outstanding player , while guiding the Seminoles to the national championship last season . FSU shares details of Winston case Among the main points in FSU 's time line : -- The university said the FSU athletics department learned of the allegation against Winston in January 2013 . Winston came forward to the department after a Tallahassee police detective contacted him about the allegations . -- The athletics department heard accounts from Winston and two other players who were present during the alleged encounter , and all three players said the event was consensual , the university said . -- The university says the athletics department did not initially file a report with the school 's Title IX administrator because police filed no charges , and because of the players ' accounts , in which they said no sexual assault had taken place . -- The university says it took several steps to protect the woman 's identity and privacy . -- A Title IX investigation was eventually opened after media inquiries were made into the incident , and local law enforcement had referred the case to the state attorney 's office . "  The University takes sexual assault very seriously , " the letter states . "  The University is also cooperating fully with the U.S. Dept. of Education investigation into this matter . Indeed , it was the University that informed the DOE nearly six months ago about the Athletics Department knowledge of the case . " John Clune , an attorney for the accuser , said in a email to CNN that the "  obvious news in this statement is that senior athletic department officials met with Winston and his lawyer one month after " the alleged incident , "  then decided to hide it from the Title IX office . " Clune said the university 's "  PR team is trying to do a little preventative damage control " in anticipation of more negative media reports . "  What else can the school do wrong in this mess ? " Clune said . " The whole country is moving toward improving the response to campus rape while Florida State still backpedals the other way . " FSU not alone in troubles FSU is one of several universities under federal review for their handling of sexual violence and harassment complaints . Roughly 150 miles away in Gainesville , University of Florida quarterback Treon Harris was briefly suspended after being accused of sexually assaulting a female student early Sunday morning in a campus residence hall . The student who accused Treon Harris of sexual battery has withdrawn her criminal complaint , the school said . That means she is not pursuing criminal charges against him now , though she may in the future . "  We have been notified that the university and legal process is complete , " head coach Will Muschamp said in a statement . "  Treon has been reinstated to the team , but he will not play Saturday . This has been a learning experience for everyone involved . Treon has been honest with me throughout the process and is looking forward to rejoining his teammates . " Harris ' attorney , Huntley Johnson , said his client is not guilty of a crime , according to multiple news reports . The University of Kentucky has indefinitely suspended freshman defensive end Lloyd Tubman after he was charged with rape . The school 's athletic department announced the suspension Tuesday . Tubman pleaded not guilty Wednesday and was released on a $ 10,000 bond , according to The Courier-Journal newspaper in Louisville . He is due back in court later this month . "  Obviously , I 'm very concerned about the allegations and all parties involved , " Kentucky head football coach Mark Stoops said Tuesday . "  We 're working extremely hard to develop quality young men on and off the field . We will continue to cooperate with the local and campus authorities while the process takes its course . " Winston accuser did not press charges According to police documents in the Winston case , the accuser said the athlete raped her in December 2012 after she had been drinking with friends at a bar in Tallahassee . She said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar . The accuser also said she did not remember much of what happened next but that she remembered being in a ground-floor apartment , where a man took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections , according to police documents . The accuser reported the alleged assault to campus police that night . A month later , in January 2013 , she accused Winston of the alleged rape . Tallahassee 's interim police chief at the time , Tom Coe , said the woman "  broke off contact " with investigators in February 2013 and did n't want to go forward with the case . The woman 's family said a detective warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and that life could be miserable if she pursued the case . Tim Jansen , an attorney for Winston , said his client had consensual sex with the woman . After Winston won the Heisman Trophy , the Seminoles went on to win the BCS National Championship against Auburn in January . Winston spent this spring playing for the Florida State baseball team , until April when he made headlines again for allegedly shoplifting crab legs from a supermarket in Tallahassee . According to police , Winston said he forgot to pay . Winston was suspended from the baseball team for four days . As part of a civil citation for alleged shoplifting -- an alternative to criminal prosecution for first-time , nonviolent offenses in Leon County -- Winston was not arrested but was ordered to serve at least 20 hours of community service , authorities said . Florida State initially announced Winston would be suspended for the first half of the game against Clemson after the sexual remark . However , Athletics Director Stan Wilcox increased the punishment the day before the game after hearing eyewitness accounts that differed from Winston 's initial version , a source close to the situation told CNN 's Rachel Nichols .	FSU issues an open letter detailing its investigation of the case The school says it 's trying to clear up "  continual " misinformation Winston is accused of sexually assaulting a woman in December 2012 He denies the allegation and has not been charged
This week , as the Senate decides whether to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act and Valentine 's Day approaches , it 's worth noting that most domestic violence victims do n't ask for roses , chocolate or federal funding . Instead , we have one simple wish : We want the abuse to end . We do n't want the relationship to end . This fact about "  crazy love " surprises many people . How could you still love someone who has hurt you ? The answer is as complicated as love itself . We victims tend to be hope junkies , open-hearted and optimistic . We believe that our loved ones are capable of change . Some would say we are nave . Others say we are too kind or too forgiving . Often we can not find the courage to leave an abusive relationship until our life  or our children 's safety  has been threatened . When victims end an abusive relationship , the first thing we need is shelter . This is the No. 1 request made by victims who call the National Domestic Violence Hotline , the federally funded national helpline  1.800.799 . SAFE  . It is a practical request -- a roof over our heads . But it is also an emotional one -- the deep need to seek safety and to protect our children from danger . Watch Leslie Steiner 's TEDx Talk Many victims know instinctively what friends and family usually do n't : The most lethal time in an abusive relationship is after you leave . More than 70 % of domestic violence murders happen after the victim has gotten out . Like 20-year-old Selina Brown , who was shot in the face last year as she and her toddler daughter tried to board a bus . So safe shelter is , naturally , our biggest priority . The second most common request also surprises people -- even in a town like Washington , D.C. , with nearly 100,000 lawyers . Victims say that after immediate shelter , what we need most is legal advice and representation . Any woman who is going to turn herself from domestic violence victim to a domestic violence survivor needs this service . TED.com : Unlock the intelligence , passion , greatness of girls I should know . I come from a family of Harvard-educated lawyers . Yet , when I left my abusive ex-husband -- an Ivy League Wall Street trader who kept three loaded guns in our house -- I had no one to accompany me to family court to get my temporary restraining order made permanent , and no one to help me begin divorce proceedings . So I went to court alone . Fortunately , a young legal aid attorney from a local women 's shelter showed up . She spoke to my husband and the judge . She pointed me in the direction of the bullet-proof glass window where my new restraining order awaited . She recommended a divorce lawyer I could hire immediately . Thanks to her , and dozens of other strangers who helped me , I left my ex-husband . Today I 'm happily remarried and the mother of three wonderful children . I have a black lab and drive a Honda Odyssey minivan . I could n't have left and rebuilt such an ordinary , happy life without the kindness of others . TED.com : Poems of war , peace , women , power Here in Washington , 700 registered pro bono lawyers have joined forces with a new nonprofit , the D.C. Volunteer Lawyers Project . It now has more attorneys than Washington 's largest law firm . The lawyers are typically stay-at-home moms craving volunteer work that puts their legal training to good use . TED.com : Tales of passion The volunteer lawyers ' group provides mentoring , training , court appearance scheduling and malpractice insurance , all within a $ 350,000 annual budget , which is tiny considering it serves a city of more than 600,000 people . Since its founding , it has helped more than 2,000 family violence survivors . In 2012 , its lawyers donated more than 14,000 pro bono legal hours . I call that true love . This Valentine 's Day , I 'd like to call on all lawyers in Washington and elsewhere to consider helping stop domestic violence for good . The D.C. Volunteer Lawyers Project model can be replicated in any small town or big city . By giving victims a little pro bono assistance , lawyers can help make our nation 's dinner tables , homes and families the safe and peaceful oases they should be . By giving a small amount of time , like the advocate who helped me so many years ago , we can all help victims of domestic violence . Now that 's a Valentine 's Day present we can all get mushy about .	Leslie Steiner : Victims of domestic violence just want the abuse to end for good Steiner : When victims leave an abusive relationship , the first thing they need is shelter She says the second most common request is legal advice and representation Steiner : All lawyers should consider giving pro bono assistance to help victims
A truck pulling a flatbed trailer rolled on Interstate 10 in Mississippi , leading to a accident involving several vehicles that left four people dead and four with moderate injuries , a police spokesman said . The accident occurred around midnight Friday as the 2011 Toyota Tundra was traveling eastbound in Hancock County , west of Biloxi and 12 miles from the Louisiana state line , Mississippi Highway Patrol spokesman Benjamin Seibert said . Four 18-wheeler trucks and six cars crashed after the Toyota truck lost its load on the highway as it rolled over , according to Seibert . The police spokesman said weather was not a factor . Eastbound traffic on I-10 shut down for several hours after the accident , though everything had reopened by 7 a.m. , said Johnny Poulos , another highway patrol spokesman .	Interstate 10 reopens eastbound after being closed for several hours Police : A truck pulling a flatbed trailer rolls overs on Interstate 10 in Mississippi Four 18-wheeler trucks , six cars crash , shutting down traffic near the Louisiana line A police spokesman says weather was not a factor in the accident
CNN  -- Three New Jersey judges surprised phone owners everywhere Tuesday with a new message : You do n't have to be texting and driving to get in trouble . You might be legally liable for a crash if you 're on the other end of the phone , too . Jersey 's state Appeals Court sided with the argument made by a couple who were badly injured in a 2009 crash with an 18-year-old whose truck drifted across the center line and hit them riding on their motorcycle . They had already settled with the driver . But they 'd also sued his 17-year-old girlfriend , who had texted him shortly before the crash . On appeal , the court did n't find the girlfriend liable in this particular case because she did n't appear to know her boyfriend was driving at the time . But the jurists accepted the general argument that a texter may bear some legal responsibility if they know the other party is behind the wheel . That ruling opened up a whole new front in the war on texting and driving , which has seen lawmakers across the country getting tough on phones in the hands of motorists . The ruling sparked a lot of questions . We 'll try to address some of them here . Is it now illegal to text someone who is driving ? No , not yet . The criminal laws on this issue have n't changed in New Jersey or elsewhere . But the New Jersey judges appear to be saying that texting someone who is driving could make you liable to a civil lawsuit , based on existing laws against distracting a driver . "  We conclude that a person sending text messages has a duty not to text someone who is driving if the texter knows , or has special reason to know , the recipient will view the text while driving , " they said in their ruling . "  One of the great arguments my colleague made ... was that when you text -- you 're the texter -- you are electronically in that car , " New Jersey attorney Marc Saperstein told CNN affiliate WPIX . Could a new law result from this ? It 's possible . States everywhere are cracking down , but New Jersey lawmakers have been pretty aggressive in recent years about going after texting while driving . They 've already beefed up penalties to the point where causing an injury while texting is treated like doing so while driving drunk . A distracted driver could be fined up to $ 150,000 and could go to jail for as many as 10 years if they hurt someone , according to a law they passed last year . And they 're currently considering a bill that would let police officers look at a driver 's phone after an accident to see if they were texting at the time . Gov. Chris Christie , though , seems to think blaming the sender might be going too far . The driver , he said , is ultimately the one responsible . "  You have the obligation to keep your eyes on the road , your hands on the wheel and pay attention to what you 're doing , " he told radio station New Jersey 101.5 . How am I supposed to know when someone is driving ? That 's question many folks have been asking . Michael Noonan , a lawyer in Red Bank , New Jersey , who handles many driving-related and personal injury cases , says that 's probably going to be at the heart of any lawsuit that tries to leapfrog off of this ruling . "  That will be a hotly contested factual issue , " he said . "  I could envision a situation where an exchange goes back and forth and the driver explicitly says ` I 'm driving ' and you have someone who says , ` This needs to be answered right now . This is an emergency . It ca n't wait . ' " Saperstein said the argument would hinge on "  if the texter knows , or has a special reason to know , that the driver will look at that text and respond to it . " Examples , he said , are employer and employee or parent and child . How can I stay in the clear ? This one might be a no-brainer . But Noonan says there 's an easy way to avoid potential liability if you have a message for someone you know is probably on the road . "  Do n't , " he said , when asked what he would tell a client . "  I think that 's the advice to everyone . Simply do n't do it . "	New Jersey court says texting a driver may make you responsible for a crash Judges suggest a text is similar to causing an in-car distraction Attorneys : It will hard to prove sender knew the recipient was driving N.J. Gov. Chris Christie : In the end , the driver is responsible
Singapore  CNN  -- In a case that brought to light issues of unfair pay and poor living conditions among foreign workers in Singapore , a court sentenced four Chinese nationals to several weeks in prison for instigating an "  illegal " strike in late November . The four , who had pleaded guilty , were led from court in handcuffs to begin their terms in Changi prison immediately . Debts and dreams : Singapore 's migrant workers In announcing their sentence , Judge See Kee Oon said it was necessary so as "  not to embolden others . " Regardless of their grievances , See said , the drivers "  could not justify taking the law into their hands . " The strike could have had the potential to "  severely affect the lives of daily commuters , " the judge said . See said the cases were "  not the forum " to address the workers ' grievances . Worker rights advocates in Singapore say issues of unfair pay and living conditions across many of Singapore 's industries , including construction , need to be addressed . In late December the head of Singapore 's public bus company , SMRT , asserted that pay for Chinese bus drivers is "  fair " but admitted the dormitory conditions need improvement . Singapore requires 14-day notice for any strike in an industry considered an "  essential service . " In an unlikely moment in court , there was a reference to the Academy awards ceremony and actress Anne Hathaway 's speech after winning the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her role as the prostitute Fantine in "  Les Miserables . " Deputy Prosecutor Francis Ng said , "  Just as Anne Hathaway " hoped the misfortunes of Fantine would someday be found only in stories , "  similarly we hope there will be no repeat of a strike among bus drivers . " CNN 's Outlook : Singapore One of the accused , He Jun Ling , was sentenced to seven weeks in prison as the instigator who had made online postings in Mandarin urging fellow drivers to strike and telling them how to do so . A translation of one of his postings issued by Singapore 's prosecutor is titled , "  The insults and humiliations suffered by Singapore drivers -- where is the dignity of the People 's Republic of China bus drivers ? " The other three drivers , Liu Xiang Ying , Gao Yue Xiang and Wang Xian Jie , were sentenced to six weeks for their role in a "  conspiracy " to instigate a strike . One other accused bus driver -- Bao Fengshan -- was deported after his guilty plea and sentencing in December . The remaining four had planned to fight the charges in a trial , but two weeks before their trial date decided to plead guilty . One of the attorneys representing the four said his clients were just happy to see the end of a difficult chapter . Defense attorney Mark Goh argued in court for a reduced sentence , saying that they had not been aware of the 14-day law , and noting that SMRT had not addressed the drivers ' grievances . On November 26 , 171 Chinese bus drivers went on strike alleging that Chinese nationals received lower pay than Singaporean and Malaysian drivers in Singapore , and objecting to the poor living conditions in the workers ' dormitories . Twenty-nine of those drivers were immediately deported . Singapore 's economy is heavily dependent on foreign labor , particularly in blue collar jobs , including construction and service work .	Four Chinese nationals are sentenced in Singapore to several weeks in prison They were protesting low wages and poor living conditions They did not follow Singapore 's law requiring a 14-day notice before a strike
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown 's legal troubles got more serious Tuesday when a Los Angeles prosecutor charged him in a minor traffic crash . Brown already faces a charge that he violated his probation in connection with his felony assault conviction in the beating of his girlfriend Rihanna . Brown , 24 , allegedly was driving a car that rear-ended another car in Los Angeles in May . The Los Angeles city attorney filed charges of hit-and-run driving and driving without a license , according to spokesman Frank Mateljan . Brown 's Twitter defense While Brown 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment , the singer used his Twitter account to protest the charges : "  It 's not a hit and run if u get out the car , exchange information  who has NO DAMAGE to either cars  . This is really ridiculous " "  I have a valid drivers license and I gave the woman the right info . She saw cameras and wanted to make a scene . " "  She contacted the cops thinking of a payday from Chris Brown when I followed the proper procedures . " "  My lawyers will be contacting you . I will not stand for this bullying and yellow journalism ! " "  My profile pic is the pic I took of the persons car after "  the hit and run " . NO damage . Just a dirty car . once again , I got ta clear my name " "  I work my ass off to provide for my entire family . I 've made mistakes in the past and have worked hard to be a better person . " "  19-24 years of age . I do n't have all the answers and you ca n't show me a person that age who has it figured out . We live and grow . Let me live " Freedom on the line ? While the misdemeanor charges -- which carry a maximum of a year in jail -- would not ordinarily threaten a defendant 's freedom , Brown 's felony probation could be revoked if a judge decides the new arrest is a violation . A spokesman for the Los Angeles County district attorney said prosecutors will review the charge once they are officially notified by the city attorney . An arraignment for the new charges has been set for the morning of July 15 at the Van Nuys courthouse . Brown is also scheduled to be in a downtown Los Angeles courtroom that afternoon for another hearing to set a date for his trial in his probation violation case . Brown punched Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street , leaving her face bruised and bloody on the eve of the Grammy Awards in February 2009 . He entered a guilty plea seven months later and was sentenced to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " for the assault conviction . The judge allowed him to serve the sentence in Richmond , Virginia , under the direct supervision of the police chief . In a court filing in February 2013 , prosecutors accused Brown of not completing the community labor . The paperwork Brown submitted to show he had completed community labor is "  at best sloppy documentation and at worst fraudulent reporting , " District Attorney Jackie Lacey said . Brown was n't in town on some of the dates reported , the motion said . Mark Geragos , Brown 's attorney , said the prosecutor 's filing was so fraudulent that he would ask the judge to punish the deputy district attorneys involved and call for a contempt of court hearing for filing false documents with the court . "  And I do n't mean just false , it is fraudulent , " Geragos said . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office has "  tortured " Brown during his probation more than any client he 's ever had , Geragos said . Despite the serious allegations outlined in the court filing , the prosecutor is not asking for Brown 's probation to be revoked and the singer sent to jail . She is asking the judge to order him to restart his 1,400 hours of community service under the supervision of a Los Angeles probation officer . Nightclub incident denied Brown 's representative denied allegations Monday that the singer assaulted a woman while inside of an Anaheim , California , nightclub on Saturday . The accuser told TMZ that Brown shoved her while they were in the VIP area of Heat Ultra Lounge that night , causing her to take a hard fall and injuring her knee . The owner of the venue has called the claims false , and Brown 's rep has made a similar denial . "  Reports that Chris Brown had physical contact with a female patron at the nightclub Heat are totally false and unfounded , " Brown 's rep told CNN . "  Upon speaking with witnesses , security and the owner of the club , it has been proven that said patron caused the physical harm to herself in her belligerent state . " According to the Anaheim Police Department , an assault and battery report was filed by phone on Sunday evening . The case is considered an open and ongoing investigation . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Brown allegedly was driving a car that rear-ended another car in Los Angeles in May He faces charges of hit-and-run driving and driving without a license "  I have a valid drivers license and I gave the woman the right info , " Brown tweets Brown already faces a probation violation hearing related to his assault on Rihanna
More than two months of pro-democracy protests that transformed the heart of Hong Kong 's financial district could be coming to an abrupt end this week . Police have announced that they plan Thursday to clear the main protest camp , which sprawls along a multi-lane highway next to the city 's government headquarters . Protest leaders say they do n't intend to put up a fight , but it remains unclear if other factions in the decentralized movement will resist the police action . Public support for the student-led protests swelled in late September after police used tear gas and other tough tactics in a botched attempt to disperse demonstrators . The Umbrella Movement , as the demonstrations became known , made headlines around the world , prompting speculation about how the Chinese government , which has ultimate control over Hong Kong , would react . Losing public support The protesters have held onto a big stretch of highway in the city 's Admiralty district since then , populating it with rows of colorful tents , outdoor classrooms and art installations . But while support remains for the demonstrators ' cause -- a call for Hong Kong to be able to choose its next leader from an open field of candidates -- enthusiasm for their methods has faded . In a poll in November , just 13 % of Hong Kongers surveyed said the street occupations should continue . Divisions deepened between different groups of demonstrators last week after a failed attempt to surround the government headquarters led to clashes with police . The Chinese government has steadfastly rejected the protesters ' demands , calling the movement illegal and letting Hong Kong authorities deal with the situation on the ground . Police and bailiffs to move in Police are now taking advantage of a court injunction requested by a bus company that orders the clearing of some of the highways blocked by the protest camp . "  The illegal road occupations have lasted for more than two months , and the daily lives and livelihoods of the general public have been seriously affected , " Assistant Police Commissioner Cheung Tak-keung said Tuesday . He said police would on Thursday assist bailiffs in clearing the areas covered by the court order and would then move to reopen the other blocked roads . They will also remove the much smaller protest camp in the shopping district of Causeway Bay "  at an appropriate time , " he said . The police plan appears to spell the end of the street protests . Authorities dismantled the other key encampment , in the working-class district of Mong Kok , last month . ` The end of this phase ' Leaders of the student groups that have spearheaded the demonstrations said they would remain at the Admiralty protest site but would n't physically resist the police . "  We will sit outside the injunction area . We will stay true to the spirit of civil disobedience -- remain peaceful and bear the legal consequences of our action , " said Alex Chow , secretary general of the Hong Kong Federation of Students . Their final sit-in would "  mark the end of this phase of the occupation , " Chow said Tuesday , according to the South China Morning Post , a local newspaper . Joshua Wong , the student figure who has become the face of the protest movement , has also urged protesters to remain peaceful . Wong , a leader of the student group Scholarism , abandoned a hunger strike at the weekend that was aimed at getting the Hong Kong government to hold talks with protesters . ` I 'll let them arrest me ' One protester at the site , Jerry Lam , said Wednesday that he planned to stay there until the police came . "  I 'll let them arrest me if it comes to that , and I think everyone here in this camp feels the same , " Lam , 24 , told CNN as he folded up his tent . But another demonstrator , Gypsy Wong , 22 , said she was packing up and would n't be there when the police came . "  Even if we resist , there 's no use , " she told CNN , remembering a night of clashes she witnessed earlier in the movement . "  I felt so helpless when the police were charging down upon us , " she said . "  That night I cried , and I do n't want to see that again . " Lam said that whatever happened , the clearance of the protest camp would n't erase "  the people 's spirit . " "  Before the Umbrella Movement , Hong Kong people did n't really pay attention to politics . But now , everyone cares , " he said . "  Our generation will pass this story onto the next generation , and they 'll know what we did . "	Police say they plan to clear the main pro-democracy protest camp Thursday "  I 'll let them arrest me if it comes to that , " one demonstrator tells CNN Student leaders urge protesters to remain peaceful The encampment has blocked a multilane highway for more than two months
Baltimore  CNN  -- Erika Brannock , a survivor of the Boston Marathon bombing , anxiously purses her lips . Her eyes jump and she is quick to smile and laugh . This is what someone looks like waiting to meet the person , a stranger , who she believes saved her life . "  I told my cousin last night that it 's kind of like the night before Christmas , where you 're so excited , but nervous at the same time and you ca n't sleep , " Brannock told CNN 's AC360 on Wednesday . ` Ready to go home ' : Last victim , Brannock , leaves the hospital Brannock is about to meet Amanda North , a woman who took her hand and did not let go . The day of the marathon , the two women were standing near the finish line when the bombs went off . North was there to watch her daughter run , while Brannock was supporting her mom . Brannock was seriously injured . She suffered bone and tissue damage , eventually requiring the amputation of her lower left leg . North was also injured . Like Brannock , her eardrums were busted . She had cuts and lacerations on her leg . But in the immediate aftermath of the blast , North was unaware of her own injuries . She just saw Brannock , who was clearly hurt more than she , and jumped in to help , offering her belt as a tourniquet for Brannock 's leg . Boston bombings destroy dancer 's foot , but not her spirit "  She had heard me screaming for help and she said , ` My name is Joan from California , and I 'm not going to let you go . ' And she stayed with me the whole time , " Brannock recalled . In the chaos of that moment , she heard Joan , rather than Amanda . North thought Brannock 's name was Irene . They 'd laugh about the mix-up later . On Monday , Brannock left a Boston hospital after 11 surgeries and 50 days -- the last of the more than 250 victims to be released . She spoke to AC360 , saying that she desperately wanted to find and thank the woman she knew then as Joan . CNN put out the alert , creating an e-mail address for tips . Just hours after the show aired , one rolled in . After disasters , hospitals pay it forward ` That 's me ' The subject line of the note was as simple as it was clear : "  That 's me . " North 's friends had seen the AC360 segment and told her about the search . Family members also reached out . CNN arranged to fly North , who lives in Woodside , California , to Baltimore , where Brannock is undergoing physical therapy at Kernan Hospital . Like Brannock , North was a little anxious . "  In a way , she 's a stranger to me , but when you share things like this you feel like you 've known someone your entire life , " she said . "  So I 'm looking forward to meeting her , but I 'm a little nervous . " Moments later , raw emotion flowed . North walked into a room where Brannock was waiting . Neither women said a word as they cried and embraced . "  I have thought about you every moment since the marathon , " North said . "  I did n't know how to get a hold of you . I did n't know what had happened to you . " Like old friends , they exchanged gifts . Brannock gave North a necklace -- a dragonfly -- to match one she wears . The dragonfly has become a bit of a mascot for Brannock , who sees it as a symbol of strength and courage . North gave Brannock her favorite scarf . "  I want you to just think of me whenever you wear this , know that I 'm always there for you . It never goes away . We 're friends for life , " she said . "  I 'm never going to stop holding your hand . " Randi Kaye and David Puente reported from Baltimore ; Dana Ford wrote this report from Atlanta . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Erika Brannock and Amanda North first met the day of the Boston Marathon bombing North helped Brannock , providing support , offering her belt as a tourniquet Brannock credits North with saving her life "  I 'm never going to stop holding your hand , " says North
As delegates ended the three-day Rio +20 summit with a 53-page statement called "  The Future We Want , " activists slammed the U.N. conference on sustainable development as a "  failure of epic proportions . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described the document as a "  firm foundation for social , economic and environmental well-being . " "  Rio +20 has affirmed fundamental principles -- renewed essential commitments -- and given us new direction , " Ban said in a statement . Five cities fighting for climate survival But the conservation group Greenpeace said the summit , formally known as the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development , was "  over before it started . " "  One by one , the few proposed commitments and targets were deleted , " Greenpeace International Executive Director Kumi Naidoo said in a statement . "  Rio +20 has been a failure of epic proportions , " Naidoo added . "  The only outcome of this summit is justifiable anger , an anger that we must turn into action . " Aid group Oxfam also slammed the once-in-a-decade event as a failure . "  Rio will go down as the hoax summit , " Oxfam chief executive Barbara Stocking said . "  We elect governments to tackle the issues that we ca n't tackle alone . But they are not providing the leadership the world desperately needs . " "  Paralysed by inertia and in hock to vested interests , too many are unable to join up the dots and solve the connected crises of environment , equity and economy , " her statement added . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard defended the summit Saturday , saying she understood why many people were dissatisfied with the outcome , but stressed there had been progress . "  I do understand that there are people who will look at aspects of what has been resolved here and feel some sense that it 's not enough , but we should n't forget where progress has been made , " she said . "  I think agreeing to sustainable development goals is progress , " Gillard added . About 100 heads of state and government were among roughly 40,000 delegates who attended the meeting , which the U.N. called an "  historic opportunity to define pathways to a safer , more equitable , cleaner , greener and more prosperous world for all . " It came 20 years after the Earth Summit in Rio which adopted Agenda 21 , an action plan for sustainable development in the 21st century . During the meeting , the U.N. said some $ 513 billion had been committed to a number of issues including energy , food security , access to drinking water and ocean management . Pledges made during the summit include a 100-million tree planting program , plans to lift African women out of poverty through green economy businesses , and a commitment to recycle 800,000 tons of PVC each year , the United Nations said . On Thursday , Ban launched a "  Zero Hunger Challenge , " an initiative backed by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization , the International Fund for Agricultural Development  IFAD  , the World Food Programme  WFP  , the U.N. Children 's Fund  UNICEF  , the World Bank and Bioversity International . The U.N. described it as a "  personal challenge " to everyone worldwide to work together to end hunger . The "  challenge " has five main goals , including "  100 % " access to adequate food all year around , ending malnutrition in pregnancy and early childhood , making all food systems sustainable , increasing productivity and income on family farms and eradicating all food waste . The initiative earned praise from the head of Oxfam , which called it a "  welcome ray of hope . "	Campaigners call Rio +20 summit a "  hoax " and a "  failure of epic proportions " The three-day meeting ended with an agreement on the document "  The Future We Want " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Rio +20 "  affirmed fundamental principles " $ 513 billion has been committed to a number of causes , the United Nations says
CNN  -- College football 's top-ranked LSU Tigers defeated the No. 2 Alabama Crimson Tide 9-6 in overtime Saturday night . LSU won the coin toss in overtime , electing to start on defense . The Crimson Tide 's offense sputtered in the extra session with two incomplete passes , a penalty for having 12 men in the huddle and a sack for a 5-yard loss . Cade Foster , Alabama 's placekicker , who had already missed three field goals earlier , missed another from 52 yards out . After that , LSU marched down the field , nearly scoring a touchdown but running back Michael Ford stepped out of bounds . Big game a work of heart LSU elected to attempt a field goal and Drew Alleman -- who kicked two field goals earlier -- hit the 25-yard game-winner . The game , before a Bryant-Denny Stadium crowd in Tuscaloosa , mainly witnessed field goals and punts . Neither team scored a single touchdown . The low score might be surprising , given that the teams totaled 45 points in 2010 , 39 in 2009 and 48 in 2008 . The game was the first-ever SEC regular season game matching the country 's two top teams , which were undefeated going into play . Both teams were among the nation 's best when it came to defense and Saturday 's game was no exception with LSU notching a field goal in the last seconds for a 3-3 tie going into halftime . Alabama missed two field goals in the first half . ` Game of the century ' decided by kickers The defensive standoff continued in the second half . Alabama went up 6-3 midway through the third quarter with a 46-yard field goal . LSU tied the game early in the fourth quarter with a 30-yard field goal . Recap : No. 1 LSU vs. No. 2 Alabama Going into the game , LSU had outscored its opponent by 222 points this year , according to the school 's athletics website . The game , broadcast by CBS , was played under clear but cool skies . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Drew Alleman , who kicked two field goals earlier , hits the 25-yard game-winner Neither team scores a touchdown It is the first-ever SEC regular season game matching the country 's two top teams
CNN  -- The oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico was the most searched term on Yahoo in 2010 , the search engine said Wednesday . "  People turned to the Web to watch the live feed of the oil leak , search for answers to the spill 's impact , and get details , " Yahoo said in announcing its annual look back at the top trends of the year . The search engine compiles its Year in Review by looking at user search terms . The fascination with this year 's World Cup soccer tournament , the iPhone and the TV show "  American Idol " also ranked among the most searched items . Celebrities dominated the rest of the top 10 with pop singer Miley Cyrus , Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber among them . The oil disaster began on April 20 when an explosion aboard an oil rig sent crude spewing from a BP-owned well deep below the Gulf of Mexico . More than 4.9 million barrels  206 million gallons  of crude spilled into the Gulf of Mexico before the well was finally sealed on September 19 . "  In 2010 consumers watched the BP disaster unfold like a slow-motion horror film and discovered a love for the ` other ' football , " said Vera Chan , senior editor and Web trend analyst for Yahoo . The World Cup soccer tournament -- the most watched sporting event in the world -- is held every four years . "  Search trends showed excitement around the players and teams throughout the World Cup tournament , " Yahoo said in a statement . "  Many consumers asked questions about the rules of soccer , and some even logged on to identify the annoying sounds coming through their televisions  think vuvuzela horns  . " The top Yahoo searches of 2010 are : 1 . The Gulf of Mexico oil disaster 2 . The World Cup soccer tournament 3 . Pop singer Miley Cyrus 4 . Reality TV star Kim Kardashian 5 . Singer Lady Gaga 6 . Apple 's iPhone 7 . Actress Megan Fox 8 . Singer Justin Bieber 9 . "  American Idol " 10 . Singer Britney Spears	The search engine compiles its list from user search terms Celebrities dominate the top 10 The World Cup is held every four years
CNN  -- A Dutch Court will decide the fate Friday of 13-year-old Laura Dekker , either making her a potential world-record-breaking sailor , or returning her to school . Laura Dekker will find out on Friday whether the Dutch Court will back her record attempt . Welfare services in the Netherlands have taken legal action to try to stop the teen from attempting to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world because they believe the voyage will be too dangerous . The Dutch Council for Child Protection has applied to the District Court in the city of Utrecht for Dekker to be made a ward of court so that her parents , who support her plans , temporarily lose the right to make decisions about her . Laura 's father , Dick Dekker , has already had a request for her to miss two years of school turned down . However , CNN affiliate TVNZ reported that Laura , who was born off the coast of New Zealand and began sailing solo when she was 10 , may attempt to obtain a Kiwi passport which would allow her to start her round the world trip from New Zealand shores instead . Laura 's court battle comes as a 17-year-old English teen sailed into the record books Thursday as the youngest person to circumnavigate the globe to date . Mike Perham sailed into Lizard Point in Cornwall , the southernmost point in Britain , at 9:47 a.m.  4:47 a.m. ET  to mark the end of his 48,280-kilometer  30,000-mile  , 282-day ocean journey . Perham set off on his round-the-world trip on November 18 . He has been sailing his yacht , TotallyMoney.com , single-handedly , though a support team has been sailing next to him along the way . Perham told CNN how he battled 50-foot waves and 57 mph winds in the Southern Ocean between Australia and Antarctica . He said at one point , a "  freak wave " picked up the boat and turned it on its side .	Laura Dekker , 13 , wants to become youngest person to sail solo around globe Dutch social workers say it is too dangerous and want to prevent her Dekker may apply for New Zealand passport to start bid there instead Comes as 17-year-old English teen breaks current record
CNN  -- The girlfriend of former NFL quarterback Steve McNair had grown frustrated with their relationship and was struggling with financial difficulties in the days before she killed him and herself in July . Steve McNair , former NFL quarterback , was a married father of four when he was killed last summer . Details of their relationship were revealed in a case summary released by Nashville police Monday . McNair , 36 , and Sahel Kazemi , 20 , were found fatally shot in a condominium in downtown Nashville on July 4 . Police have since ruled their deaths a murder-suicide . "  My life is just s -- and I should end it , " Kazemi said the night before the couple were found dead , according to Sonya New , her shift manager at a Dave & Busters restaurant . New also said Kazemi was not her usual self and seemed down . Though McNair was a married father of four , he was seeing Kazemi and at least one other woman , Leah Ignagni , according to Nashville police . McNair had spent the night at Ignagni 's apartment on July 2 , two nights before he was killed , Ignagni told police . On the morning of July 4 , Kazemi texted McNair , saying she was stressed and needed money to pay bills . "  Baby I might have a break down im so stressed , " Kazemi said in one text message . "  baby i might need to go to the hospital . baby whats wrong w  ith  me i can hardly breath  e  . " Chris Wall , who provided security for McNair and his family , told police he knew about McNair 's relationship with Kazemi . McNair was tired of her calling when he was with his family , Wall said . Kazemi continued to text McNair throughout the day , asking for money and when she could see him next . "  baby what are u doing , " Kazemi asked . "  At the pool with the kids . I got the guy transferring the money , " McNair replied . At 4:04 p.m. on July 3 , Kazemi said , "  baby I have to be w  ith  u 2nite . I dnt care where . " The messages continued for more than eight hours before McNair said he was on his way to the condo . He had told Kazemi earlier that he would n't leave the house "  til the kids fall asleep . " McNair and Kazemi exchanged a final series of messages early July 4 , when he asked her to leave the front door to the condo open for him . A final message , sent at 1:14 a.m. , simply said , "  its open . " About 12 hours later , a friend of McNair 's found their bodies .	McNair and Sahel Kazemi were found fatally shot in a Nashville condo on July 4 Text messages show Kazemi 's financial stress , desperation Last message said door was open ; hours later , the pair 's bodies were found
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The international group Human Rights Watch is accusing Israel of firing weapons containing white phosphorus into Gaza . The group demands that the alleged practice cease . Israel is declining to say whether bursts like this over Gaza involve white phosphorus . The group 's researchers in Israel "  observed multiple air-bursts of artillery-fired white phosphorus over what appeared to be the Gaza City/Jabaliya area " on Friday and Saturday , the organization said on its Web site . "  Israel appeared to be using white phosphorus as an ` obscurant ' -LSB- a chemical used to hide military operations -RSB- , a permissible use in principle " under the laws of war , the HRW posting said . "  However , white phosphorus has a significant , incidental , incendiary effect that can severely burn people and set structures , fields , and other civilian objects in the vicinity on fire , " the posting said . "  The potential for harm to civilians is magnified by Gaza 's high population density , among the highest in the world . " HRW said the use of white phosphorus in Gaza would violate "  the requirement under international humanitarian law to take all feasible precautions to avoid civilian injury and loss of life . " Last week , an Israel Defense Forces spokesman told CNN : "  I can tell you with certainty that white phosphorus is absolutely not being used . " Now , however , Israeli officials have a different response to questions about the possible use of phosphorus : "  Any munitions that Israel is using are in accordance with international law . Israel does not specify the types of munitions or the types of operations it is conducting . " Still , a doctor familiar with the material said it is not possible to tell , based on pictures of burns , whether white phosphorus was responsible . "  Dead tissue pretty much looks the same , " said Dr. Peter Grossman , president of the Grossman Burn Center in Sherman Oaks , California . The chemical "  can burn down houses and cause horrific burns when it touches the skin , " said Marc Garlasco , senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch . Since January 3 , when Israel began its ground offensive in Gaza , news reports have circulated about the possible use of white phosphorus by the IDF . HRW 's assertion was supported by munitions experts and some Palestinian doctors , including Nafiz Abu Sha'aban , who said the burns it caused were unlike anything he has seen in 27 years of practice . Watch footage of burn patients in Gaza Though most severely burned patients have been sent to Egypt , the ongoing fighting has made it impossible to evacuate all of them , including one man with deep burns over 47 percent of his body , the doctor said . White phosphorus is known to burn flesh down to the bone . It 's intended to provide illumination or to create a smokescreen in battle . Under an international protocol ratified by Israel in 1995 , the use of such incendiary weapons is allowed when "  not specifically designed to cause burn injury to persons . " There is no prohibition per se against white phosphorus in conflict . But the timing and location of its use are restricted . For example , it is illegal under the protocol to use white phosphorus against any personnel , civilian or military . It can be directed only against military targets . International law says incendiary weapons can not be used where civilians are concentrated . A house north of Gaza City was hit Sunday by something that observers contend may have been white phosphorus . "  It 's been burning since one o'clock in the morning , " Munir Hammada told CNN 11 hours later . "  If you move it with your feet , it reignites . You ca n't put it out with water , only sand . " Those characteristics match the properties of white phosphorus , which ignites on contact with air .	Researchers in Israel saw bursts of white phosphorus over Gaza , group says White phosphorus can burn people , set structures on fire Protocol allows use when "  not specifically designed to cause burn injury to persons " Group : Use in densely populated Gaza would violate international humanitarian law
CNN  -- If he looked gobstruck when he walked onstage at the Oscars , he had good reason . Edgar Martirosyan , who might now be the world 's most famous pizza deliveryman , had no clue he 'd be serving Hollywood 's biggest stars Sunday night . He thought the pies were for a group of writers at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood . When he got there , he was told to wait . Then Ellen DeGeneres , who hosted the Academy Awards , came backstage and asked him to follow her . "  I did n't know , " he told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on Monday . "  I was just shocked . It was a really great moment . " And there he was , in front of millions of TV viewers , delivering pizzas from his store 's red and yellow boxes to the likes of Brad Pitt and Jared Leto . Martirosyan said he was most excited to see actress Julia Roberts . Since then , friends from all over the world have called to congratulate him . "  I 'm thinking that 's when you say American dream , this is really the American dream , " Martirosyan said . Business has increased at all 20 locations , according to one owner . "  All of our locations are crazy busy right now , " Big Mama 's and Papa 's Pizzeria owner Ararat Agakhanyan told the Los Angeles Times . "  We had no idea that our pizzas were going to be on TV . We 're ordering supplies like mad , stocking up on cheese , pepperoni , sausage and boxes and shipping them out to the different stores . " Martirosyan is also a franchise owner , the newspaper reported . Earlier Monday , he appeared on "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show . " She 'd passed around a hat at the Oscars to take up a collection for his tip and gave Martirosyan a whopping $ 1,000 on her show . "  It was really crazy for me , " Martirosyan said about the whole experience .	Edgar Martirosyan had no clue he 'd be serving Hollywood 's biggest stars Ellen DeGeneres gives him a $ 1,000 tip "  I was just shocked . It was a really great moment , " Martirosyan tells CNN
CNN  -- Chris Brown pleaded guilty to simple assault Tuesday to settle a case stemming from a sidewalk fight at a Washington hotel last October . "  I 'm sorry , I am very sorry , " Brown told the judge in the brief hearing in a District of Columbia court . The judge sentenced Brown , 25 , to time served -- the one day he was locked up after his arrest -- and no probation for the simple assault conviction . He must also pay a $ 150 fine . The singer has already paid a heavy price for the incident -- it resulted in the revocation of his probation for the 2009 beating of ex-girlfriend Rihanna in Los Angeles . He spent five months in court-ordered rehab and another three months in jail because of it . His jail time also included two grueling cross-country trips on the federal government 's "  Con Air " inmate transport system . A doctor 's letter included in a probation report said that Brown was diagnosed as bipolar , which is blamed for violent outbursts . Doctor : Chris Brown makes ` strides ' to sobriety , ` personal growth ' "  Mr. Brown has made significant strides in maintaining his sobriety , as well as developing skills that promote personal growth , " a psychiatrist wrote in the most recent report in August . Read Brown 's probation report  PDF He is taking his twice-a-week court-ordered psychological therapy sessions seriously , the doctor said . "  He continues to show great perseverance in implementing recommendations made by his treatment team , utilizing his learned skills and seeking guidance in his recovery process , " his doctor reported . Brown 's probation officer said he has been "  working on personal growth " and has been "  taking responsibility for his behaviors " in the two months since he was freed from jail . His probation for the 2009 felony battery conviction is expected to end on January 23 , 2015 , as long as he stays out of legal trouble and completes another 600 hours of community labor , the probation officer said last month . The singer will spend three days each week until then working on a community labor crew . Brown was a teenager when his remarkable dancing and singing talents made him a pop star . He was 19 when he smashed Rihanna 's face with his fist during an argument inside a rented Lamborghini on the evening of the 2009 Grammy Awards . With his legal troubles and probation requirements apparently nearing an end , Brown should have more time to concentrate on his career . He has a new album set to release this month , and he has teased fans with a Twitter post that suggested he would soon start a concert tour . Rihanna gives painful details of Chris Brown assault CNN 's Lindy Royce contributed to this report .	Chris Brown entered his guilty plea in a D.C. court Tuesday The plea deal includes no jail time or probation for Brown The singer has already paid a heavy price for the incident Brown 's probation for beating singer Rihanna is set to end in January
CNN  -- Pirates Thursday hijacked a German-owned tanker in the Gulf of Aden , the waterway between Africa and the Middle East which has become one of the world 's most dangerous shipping lanes . The U.S. Navy has been joined by other countries to police the Gulf of Aden . The MV Longchamp was seized by seven pirates early in the morning , said a spokesman for the ship 's owner , Bernhard Schulte Ship Management Company , of Hamburg , Germany . The company received a phone call from the ship 's captain which was "  literally around three seconds.He said they 'd been seized by pirates , that no one was injured , no dead ... and then clac , the phone went dead , ' " said the spokesman , who did not give his name . He said the company has heard nothing from the pirates themselves and had no information on how the vessel had been seized . The coalition of countries patrolling the sea lanes in response to the outbreak of piracy there was not involved in the incident , said Lt. Nathan Christensen , a public affairs officer for the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet , which is based in the region . He said he did not know if the coalition had received a distress call . The Longchamp carries a a crew of 12 Filipinos and one Indonesian , Christensen said . The tanker is carrying the chemical vinyl chloride monomer  VCM  , the owner 's spokesman said .	Pirates hijack German-owned tanker in Gulf of Aden The vessel Longchamp carries a a crew of 13 , according to owners Naval ships patrolling the area did not have contact with pirates
CNN  -- A Chicago woman said Monday that Herman Cain sexually groped her in 1997 when Cain was head of the National Restaurant Association . Sharon Bialek made the claims during a press conference with famed defense attorney Gloria Allred . Bialek is the fourth accuser to come forward with allegations of inappropriate behavior by Cain . Three other women have alleged Cain harassed them when they worked for the National Restaurant Association while he headed the group in the 1990s . Allred said that the woman at the news conference is n't one of those three . Cain has vehemently denied committing sexual harassment . Allred says the alleged harassment took place when her client sought Cain 's help with an employment issue while she was working at the association . Cain 's campaign on Monday denied new accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior against the Republican presidential hopeful . "  All allegations of harassment against Mr. Cain are completely false , " said a statement from Cain 's campaign after Bialek 's accusation . "  Mr. Cain has never harassed anyone . " Politico first published a report last week claiming that two female employees at the restaurant association accused Cain of inappropriate behavior during his tenure there . The women , according to Politico , each received separation packages in the five-figure range . The package for one of the women totaled between $ 32,000 to $ 37,000 -- about equivalent to her annual salary at the time , according to a former National Restaurant Association employee who knows one of the accusers .	The woman is identified as Sharon Bialek She is the fourth accuser to come forward Cain has denied the accusations
Iran , South Korea and Australia all booked a place in next year 's FIFA World Cup following a dramatic final round of group matches in the Asian qualifying competition . A second-half goal from Reza Ghoochannejhad was enough for Iran to beat South Korea 1-0 in Ulsan , meaning Carlos Queiroz 's team finished top of Group A. Victory saw Iran reach football 's premier competition for the fourth time in its history , having previously played in the first round of the 1978 , 1998 and 2006 tournaments . CNN correspondent Shirzad Bozorgmehr said Iranians took to the streets across their country to celebrate . He said that cars in the capital Tehran were draped in the Iranian flag and blowing their horns as their passengers shouted "  Iran , Iran . " "  This is the second national celebration in Iran in the last five days , " said Bozorgmehr . "  Following the landslide victory of Dr. Hassan Rohani last Friday in the presidential elections , huge crowds poured into the streets of Tehran and other cities to publicly celebrate Dr Rohani 's election victory . " In his first press conference on Monday , Rohani told reporters he planned to overhaul sports in a country where soccer is the most popular game . Despite defeat , South Korea still clinched the second automatic qualification spot as Uzbekistan fell agonizingly short against Qatar , winning 5-1 but finishing third in Group A on goal difference alone . After the match , South Korea coach Choi Kang-Hee revealed that he would be stepping down from his post - a surprise move at first glance , although Choi did say he would only take charge for the qualifiers when appointed in December 2011 . Choi had been involved in an acrimonious war of words with Iran coach Carlos Quieroz ahead of the game and home fans hurled plastic water bottles and other items onto the pitch after taking offense at a gesture directed towards Choi by the Portuguese after the match . South Korea 's loss meant Uzbekistan would qualify for the finals for the first time if it beat Qatar by six goals . But Uzbekistan fell behind in Tashkent when Abdulqadir Ilyas gave the 2022 World Cup hosts a shock first-half lead . World Sport Presents : Racism in Football The home side bounced back in the second half , firing in five goals without reply , but the 5-1 final score was not enough to see Uzbekistan leapfrog South Korea . Uzbekistan will now play the third-place team in Group B - Jordan - over two legs . In Wednesday 's final Asian qualifier , the Jordanians took third place in the group when beating Oman 1-0 in Amman - with Ahmad Ibrahim scoring a vital goal just before the hour . The result enabled the hosts to leapfrog their opponents in the group , with Jordan - seeking a maiden World Cup qualification - having trailed the Omanis by two points ahead of kickoff . The winner of the Uzbekistan-Jordan playoff will advance to a tie with the fifth-place team from the South American competition , with the winner qualifying for next year 's finals in Brazil . A late header from substitute Joshua Kennedy gave Australia a 1-0 win over Iraq and sent the Socceroos to Brazil . Australia knew a win would be enough to qualify for a third consecutive World Cup , but anything less than three points would give Oman the chance to clinch an automatic qualification spot . With the score 0-0 at a rain-soaked ANZ Stadium , coach Holger Osiek drew the ire of the crowd by replacing star player Tim Cahill with Kennedy after 78 minutes . But Kennedy justified Osiek 's bold decision by rising to meet Marc Bresciano 's right-wing cross , beating Iraq goalkeeper Noor Sabri with a well-placed finish . Australia finished the Asian qualifying campaign second in Group B behind Japan .	Iran reach the 2014 World Cup with 1-0 win over South Korea South Korea also qualify for Brazil as runners-up in Group A but coach Choi steps down Australia qualifies for a third consecutive World Cup Jordan will play Uzbekistan in a playoff
A debilitating , mosquito-borne virus called chikungunya has made its way to North Carolina , health officials say . It 's the state 's first reported case of the virus . The patient was likely infected in the Caribbean , according to the Forsyth County Department of Public Health . Chikungunya is primarily found in Africa , East Asia and the Caribbean islands , but the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been watching the virus , + for fear that it could take hold in the United States -- much like West Nile did more than a decade ago . The virus , which can cause joint pain and arthritis-like symptoms , has been on the U.S. public health radar for some time . About 25 to 28 infected travelers bring it to the United States each year , said Roger Nasci , chief of the CDC 's Arboviral Disease Branch in the Division of Vector-Borne Diseases . "  We have n't had any locally transmitted cases in the U.S. thus far , " Nasci said . But a major outbreak in the Caribbean this year -- with more than 100,000 cases reported -- has health officials concerned . Experts say American tourists are bringing chikungunya back home , and it 's just a matter of time before it starts to spread within the United States . After all , the Caribbean is a popular one with American tourists , and summer is fast approaching . "  So far this year we 've recorded eight travel-associated cases , and seven of them have come from countries in the Caribbean where we know the virus is being transmitted , " Nasci said . Other states have also reported cases of chikungunya . The Tennessee Department of Health said the state has had multiple cases of the virus in people who have traveled to the Caribbean . The virus is not deadly , but it can be painful , with symptoms lasting for weeks . Those with weak immune systems , such as the elderly , are more likely to suffer from the virus ' side effects than those who are healthier . The good news , said Dr. William Shaffner , an infectious disease expert with Vanderbilt University in Nashville , is that the United States is more sophisticated when it comes to controlling mosquitoes than many other nations . "  We live in a largely air-conditioned environment , and we have a lot of screening  window screens , porch screens  , " Shaffner said . "  So we can separate the humans from the mosquito population , but we can not be completely be isolated . " Chikungunya was originally identified in East Africa in the 1950s . The ecological makeup of the United States supports the spread of an illness such as this , especially in the tropical areas of Florida and other Southern states , according to the CDC . The other concern is the type of mosquito that carries the illness . Unlike most mosquitoes that breed and prosper outside from dusk to dawn , the chikungunya virus is most often spread to people by Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes . These are the same mosquitoes that transmit the virus that causes dengue fever . They bite mostly during the daytime . The disease is transmitted from mosquito to human , human to mosquito and so forth . A female mosquito of this type lives three to four weeks and can bite someone every three to four days . Shaffner and other health experts recommend people remember the mosquito-control basics :  Use bug spray if you are going out , especially in tropical , or wooded areas near water .  Get rid of standing water , empty plastic pools , flower pots and pet dishes , so mosquitoes do n't breed .  Dress appropriately , with long sleeves and pants . Will dengue fever threaten the World Cup ?	North Carolina reports first case of mosquito-borne virus called chikungunya Chikungunya is primarily found in Africa , East Asia and the Caribbean islands Virus is not deadly , but it can be painful , with symptoms lasting for weeks
The devastating attack on the Grand Mosque in Kano , Nigeria , on Friday was almost certainly the work of Boko Haram , which has stepped up its bombing campaign across northern Nigeria in recent weeks . It may seem counterintuitive that Islamist militants should attack a mosque , but since its early days , Boko Haram has targeted the Muslim "  establishment " in Nigeria , accusing it of not defending the interests of Nigeria 's 80 million Muslims , of corruption and of "  perverting " Islam . One eminent member of that establishment is the emir of Kano , Sanusi Lamido Sanusi , a former governor of Nigeria 's Central Bank who frequently preaches at the Kano mosque on Fridays . The emir of Kano is the second-most influential Muslim figure in Nigeria . Sanusi was reportedly out of the country at the time of Friday 's attack -- but two weeks ago , he used Friday prayers to urge Nigerians to defend themselves against Boko Haram . "  People must stand resolute " against a group that enslaves girls and "  must not assume that the crisis will not reach their area , " Sanusi said . The Kano attack , which killed dozens of worshipers and injured scores more , is not the first aimed at a mosque or at an emir . Last year , at least 40 worshippers were shot dead at a mosque in Borno state , where Boko Haram is strongest . The group has also assassinated senior Muslim political and religious figures in northern Nigeria . And it has specifically targeted anyone calling for or organizing self-defense units , known as the Civilian Joint Task Force . Sanusi 's predecessor , Emir Al Haji Ado Bayero , was the target of an assassination attempt in February 2013 . His driver and bodyguards were killed . Bayero died this year , at the age of 83 . Boko Haram has stepped up suicide bombings , causing mass casualties in several northern states . Just this week , two female suicide bombers attacked a busy market in the city of Maiduguri , killing 21 people . And the bombing of a bus station near Mubi in Ademawa state killed 40 people . Boko Haram claimed to have taken control of Mubi , a town of 200,000 people , at the end of October -- a sign of its commitment to build an area in northern Nigeria ruled by Islamic law -- in addition to carrying out terror attacks . The Nigerian army , supported by civilian vigilantes , was able to expel Boko Haram from Mubi two weeks later , but the group still controls several towns across northeastern Nigeria , including Gwoza , a town of nearly 300,000 in Borno state . According to Boko Haram 's mysterious leader , Abubakar Shekau , Gwoza was evidence of the group 's growing ambitions in northern Nigeria . "  Thanks be to Allah , who gave victory to our brethren in Gwoza and made it a state among Islamic states , " he said in August . Virginia Comolli , research fellow for security and development at the International Institute for Strategic Studies , said the Nigerian military faces multiple problems . It has been plagued by indiscipline , desertion and mutinies , with some commanders attacked by their own men . It has developed a well-documented reputation for human rights abuses , alienating many of the people it is meant to protect . Additionally , a lack of support has left many units exposed in the vast rural hinterland of the north , where Boko Haram has shown it can operate simultaneously on several fronts . Last week , for example , its fighters ambushed and killed nearly 50 fish-sellers close to Lake Chad , nearly 400 miles from Kano , despite the nearby presence of a multinational border force . A state of emergency in parts of northern Nigeria has had little impact on Boko Haram , and despite intense international attention , the Nigerian military has been unable to rescue any of more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped this year . The group 's resumption of a campaign of suicide bombings is probably aimed at humiliating the government of President Goodluck Jonathan , who recently declared he would run for re-election in February . Besides its ideological aversion to democracy , which it sees as inimical to Islam , Boko Haram despises Jonathan as a southern Christian and wants to make the north ungovernable . Comolli says one of its aims is to ensure that February 's election can not be held in the three northern states where emergencies have been declared . Attacking Kano , the biggest city in the north and a trade hub , is part of that strategy .  The state of Kano is one of the two most populous in Nigeria . In an effort to win more international support , Nigerian officials have likened Boko Haram to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Nigeria 's ambassador in Washington , Adebowale Ibidapo Adefuye , said this month , "  There is no use giving us the type of support that enables us to deliver light jabs to the terrorists when what we need to give them is the killer punch . " Dismissing claims that the army was responsible for human rights abuses as rumor and hearsay , Adeyufe said the United States needed to do more to help a partner in the battle against terrorism . "  We find it difficult to understand how and why , in spite of the U.S. presence in Nigeria with their sophisticated military technology , Boko Haram should be expanding and becoming more deadly , " he told an audience at the Council on Foreign Relations . Despite providing technical assistance in the hunt for the missing schoolgirls , the Obama administration appears wary of engagement with a military that has such a flawed reputation . There is evidence that Boko Haram has links with other jihadist groups . Some of its fighters spent time in Mali alongside a faction of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in early 2012 , when much of that country fell under that group 's sway for several months . Its rapid assimilation of bomb-making expertise and the use of kidnapping for ransom also suggests contacts with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , says Comolli . But she believes that as AQIM has come under pressure following the French intervention in Mali , it has become less able to provide training or other help to Boko Haram . For now , Boko Haram remains a very much Nigerian phenomenon focused on causing mayhem at home . And it is the civilians -- in their many thousands -- who bear the brunt of its attacks .	Since its early days Boko Haram has targeted the Muslim "  establishment " in Nigeria The group accuses the "  establishment " of corruption and "  perverting " Islam Boko Haram has stepped up suicide bombings , causing mass casualties Friday 's attack at a mosque in Kano killed dozens , injured scores more
CNN  -- The death of a beloved sister is at the heart of best-selling author and screenwriter Delia Ephron 's new book , "  Sister Mother Husband Dog  etc.  . " Her sister , famed writer and director Nora Ephron , with whom she worked on projects like the film "  You 've Got Mail , " passed away last year . CNN 's Jack Gray asked Delia Ephron about writing through her grief , sibling rivalry , and working with Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks . An edited transcript of the conversation is below . CNN : Congratulations , it 's a wonderful book . Understandably , the passing of your sister and occasional collaborator , Nora Ephron , has a place of honor : You begin with an essay about her death . I recall hearing her mentioning in interviews that your mother , also a writer , liked to say "  everything is copy , " meaning everything is material for writing . Even though Nora did n't publicize her illness , do you think she 'd be on some level pleased with you writing about it ? Perhaps she 'd be disappointed if you had n't ? Delia Ephron : Thank you . My mother did n't say everything is copy , although for writers everything is copy . She said "  take notes , " when she was in the hospital and she was dying . But she did n't say it to me . She said it to Nora . To me she said , "  I hope you never tell anyone what happens here . " So , mixed messages . I write about that . Nora always said we shared half a brain , and we loved one another 's work . I know she would appreciate this book . But she also said to me , about herself , "  What is there left to say ? I 've said everything . " Nora was rarely wrong , but she was wrong about that . It was a joy to write about her and it helped me a lot to do it . CNN : You make the point in your book that there 's no right way or wrong way to deal with terminal illness , even if you 're a celebrity . Nora chose to keep her diagnosis private , while writer Christopher Hitchens went public with his . Why do you think it 's difficult for some to accept that different people have different ways of approaching the end of their lives ? Ephron : Death is scary . It makes people frightened , upset , angry , and sad . How could it not ? In Nora 's case , I understood ... if you do n't tell a friend that you are seriously ill , how shocking and upsetting that discovery must be .  Friends might ask themselves  , "  How close were we , should I have noticed ? "  There is  a sense of betrayal and a desire to have been of help . And when people read you and love you through your work as they did with Nora , in their hearts they have a relationship . Or maybe some people are just judgmental . I have noticed that people are a tad judgmental , myself included . CNN : It 's a very poignant and emotional book in places , yet there is also plenty of humor and fun nostalgia . You and Nora wrote the film "  You 've Got Mail . " Who would you rather be stuck in an elevator with , Tom Hanks or Meg Ryan ? Ephron : Meg , because she 's more likely to be carrying a bottle of water and we might get dehydrated . CNN : I 'm a huge Diane Keaton fan and I got kind of nervous while reading the essay in which you describe a film adaptation of one of your novels , "  Hanging Up , " that she directed . Was that a bad experience ? Please do n't ruin Diane Keaton for me . Ephron : I am so sorry that I made you nervous . In my book I am writing about the complicated nature of collaboration , and about how movies belong to directors , not to screenwriters . "  Hanging Up " the movie belongs to Diane Keaton . "  Hanging Up " the novel belongs to me . CNN : You write lovingly about your dog , Honey . Is she really on a kangaroo diet ? What does that entail ? Because it sounds kind of sketchy . Ephron : Sketchy ? I buy dog food made of kangaroo and feed it to her . Honey loves it . Do you mean , how could kangaroo food cure her tendency to chew her paw ? Well the truth is , it did for several months but then , just recently , she started chewing her paw again , just in time for publication . Maybe she 's having anxiety about being written about . She 's a very private dog . CNN : Obviously , "  Sister Mother Husband Dog  etc.  " is a book that 's very much about family . In addition to you and Nora , your sisters Amy and Hallie are also writers . Was there/is there much competition ? And how tired are you of people asking you what it 's like being from a family of celebrated writers ? Ephron : Since much of "  Sister Mother Husband Dog " is about what it 's like to come from my family , I ca n't really get upset if someone asks me about my family . In fact I 'm thrilled . As for competition , siblings are basically uncivilized . My first memory of Nora was of her biting into a tomato in such a perfect way as to squirt juice in my eye . But , coming from a family of writers , we all take pains to respect one another 's work and feel that we all have a right to write what we want . That 's what we strive for . And mostly we succeed . "  Sister Mother Husband Dog  etc.  " is available now .	Delia Ephron is a best-selling author and co-screenwriter of "  You 've Got Mail " Ephron 's sister Nora , a famously prolific writer as well , died recently Delia 's book "  Sister Mother Husband Dog  etc.  " delves into creativity , connection and loss
CNN  -- It 's the super yacht with a super model and her billionaire tycoon husband as its joint owners and the 100ft supermaxi Comanche lived up to expectations with a blazing start to the Rolex Sydney-Hobart race Friday . The ` Bluewater Classic ' in its 70th staging is the first real competitive test for Comanche , which has been specially built for distance racing and speed record attempts , the brainchild of Netscape co-founder Jim Clark and his wife , Kristy Hinze-Clark , who was born in Australia . Comanche , skippered by American Ken Read and with a strong international crew , is expected to battle it out for line honors with seven-time winner Wild Oats XI in the 628-nautical miles race , one of the highlights of the international yachting calendar . The traditional Boxing Day start from Sydney Harbor saw an early glimpse of Comanche 's speed with the skipper of Wild Oats XI , Mark Richards , moved to exclaim : "  She 's smoking -- look at that thing go ! " Out to sea and past the first mark in an unofficial record time , Comanche led from Wild Oats XI with the other supermaxis Ragamuffin and Perpetual Loyal giving chase . The race , which runs down the east coast of Australia and across the Bass Strait to the Tasmanian capital Hobart , has drawn a 117-strong entry , the biggest since 1994 . But pre-race attention has centered on Comanche -- with its wide-bodied and cutting edge design , and two years in the building in Maine in the United States . Clark watched from a supporting boat as his wife was part of the crew when Comanche took part in the Big Boat Challenge in Sydney Harbor on December 9 , won by Wild Oats XI . But the short race was just a small taster for the bigger test and Hinze-Clark opted out of competing , two days before the start , due to fears her inexperience might hamper the race favorite in predicted difficult conditions . She also has three-year-old and four-month-old children to look after so both joint owners are safely shore side to track the progress of their costly boat . "  We 're ready , " Read told the official race website before the start , unperturbed by reports of the rougher conditions ahead . "  To me it looks like a nice sailboat racing day . A little breezy , a little lumpy , but if our boat ca n't handle 25 knots and a little bit of bump then something 's wrong . " The weather forecast would appear to rule out the chance of a new race record , the current mark set by Wild Oats XI in 2012 , of one day 18 hours 23 minutes and 12 seconds , and there were several early withdrawals in the testing conditions . Latest positions : Official Rolex Sydney-Hobart website	70th staging of Sydney-Hobart yacht race 117-strong fleet starts from Sydney Harbor on Boxing Day Supermaxi Comanche expected to battle it out with seven-time winner Wild Oats XI Comanche owned by billionaire Jim Clark and his Australian model wife Kristy Hinze
WIRED  -- Apple 's decision to not include a camera in the new iPod Touch is somewhat surprising . After all , there is already a perfect camera for the job , and it sits inside the iPhone . By not adding a camera to its iPod Touch , Apple may boost sales of its iPod Nano . That Apple included a video camera inside the iPod Nano makes this more inexplicable still -- the Apple of today is clearly happy to put cameras into its media players  unlike the first iPhone , whose camera was so poor we thought it was just a petulant capitulation to cellphone norms  . Leaving the camera out is also a clear signal not to upgrade the Touch , as -- apart from a larger 64GB model -- the only hardware change is the juiced-up processor , making the iPod Touch run faster like its older brother the iPhone 3GS . Perhaps Apple is putting the Touch on a two-year update plan like the iPhone , letting people keep their pocket computers for a little longer than usual . Had the Touch included a camera , I would be knocking on the store doors right now to buy one , along with 64GB ready to be filled with photos and video . So the excitement falls to the Nano , which , sports a new shiny coating , a 640 x 480 video camera  no stills  and a larger screen on the outside , and an FM radio on the inside with a Tivo-esque live-pause feature . The radio itself is odd enough , and the first to be included in any iPod . More on that in a moment . The Nano 's video camera was introduced with reference to Flip 's own tiny , no-zoom camcorder . There are two Flip camcorders at the 8GB Nano 's $ 150 price : the 2GB Mino and the 4GB Ultra . To get 4GB and 8GB you jump to $ 200 . The 16GB Nano costs $ 180 . Why would somebody buy a Flip ? The easy , one button recording , perhaps  with the Nano , you need to go to a menu item to open the video camera application  , but that 's it . Take a look at the sample videos at the Apple store and you 'll see that the Nano 's quality is easily "  good enough . " There is another surprise in there , too . The tiny Nano frame has a chip big enough to add real-time effects to video . Gimmicky , but as we guess this is aimed at the teenage market , a nice feature . The Nano is the fitness iPod , too , and in this guise it makes another piece of hardware obsolete : The shoe-mounted Nike + dongle . The Nano comes with the Nike + software , with workout history , power songs and the like , but the accelerometer now works as a pedometer , counting your steps to flab-loss . You can also connect it to a Nike + iPod compatible cardio-machine via the dock connector . One mystery remains , though . Why would Apple put an FM tuner into an iPod , something it has refused for almost ten years ? The answer comes with iTunes-Tagging . In addition to live pausing of the radio stream  and rewinding up to 15 minutes through the buffer  you can tag tracks by hitting the center button . If a radio station supports it , the song info is saved and later you can see a list in iTunes alongside , you guessed it , the option to buy the song . Of course , the fact that the new Zune HD has an HD radio inside may also have influenced Apple 's decision . So now I 'm torn . Do I buy a new Touch to replace my current model which has a loose headphone connection , or should I get the Nano , with its video camera and sport-friendly features ? If Apple had piled the features onto the Touch , the decision would be made , and Apple would have $ 400 of my money . As it is , I think I 'll wait . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Apple upgraded its iPod Nano with a video camera , not its iPod Touch Nano 's video camera is a direct challenge to Flip 's tiny , no-zoom camcorder Nano has an FM radio with live pausing , rewinding and ability to tag tracks in iTunes Perhaps Apple is putting the Touch on a two-year update plan like the iPhone
