Washington  CNN  -- The seasoned Democratic operative President Barack Obama tapped last week to head his administration 's Ebola fight got to work on Wednesday , though Ron Klain 's new job is expected to unfold out of public sight . The so-called "  Ebola czar " -- termed an "  Ebola Response Coordinator " by the White House -- will meet with Obama and other top advisers Wednesday afternoon in the Oval Office to discuss the global crisis , which has Americans worried about their own safety and skeptical of the government 's ability to respond . Klain 's appointment last week was meant partly to quell public anxiety about the virus . The announcement came after calls from lawmakers to name a central organizing "  czar " that could ensure the various health arms of the administration were working in concert . Obama initially resisted , saying his top homeland security aide Lisa Monaco was doing a sufficient job in managing the response alongside her other tasks , which include a major role advising the mission against ISIS . But on Thursday -- the same day lawmakers slammed the administration 's Ebola response during a Capitol Hill hearing -- the president conceded he may need someone to manage the effort fulltime . He named Klain to the role Friday , though the White House said it took until this week to complete the required paperwork to get him started . He was spotted at the White House on Saturday evening , though he did n't attend a high-level Oval Office meeting on Ebola that took place around the same time . Klain 's appointment was met with suspicion from Republicans , who pointed out the former lobbyist and vice presidential chief of staff lacked any medical experience . But White House officials say Klain was picked because of his knowledge of the vast federal bureaucracy and his ability to pull the strings of government . "  What we were looking for is not an Ebola expert , but rather an implementation expert , " Press Secretary Josh Earnest said last week . The White House says Klain wo n't be his own boss ; he 'll report both to Monaco and National Security Adviser Susan Rice . And the White House made clear last week Obama himself bears ultimate oversight for his administration 's actions . As such , aides say Klain 's new job coordinating various federal agencies wo n't be public-facing , though they have n't ruled out putting him in front of cameras to address the government efforts . Complete coverage on Ebola	Ron Klain , Obama 's Ebola czar , started his new job Wednesday He 'll attend an Oval Office meeting in the afternoon The pick was criticized since Klain has no medical experience
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's ailing President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who gave amnesty to armed militants in the troubled oil-rich Niger Delta region , died Wednesday , the country 's information minister said . He was 58 . Yar ` Adua had not been seen in public since November , when he went to Saudi Arabia for treatment of an inflammation of tissue around his heart . He was diagnosed with that condition , acute pericarditis , last fall after he complained of chest pain . He returned to Nigeria in February but had remained out of sight . Vice President Goodluck Jonathan has served as the country 's acting leader since Yar ` Adua fell ill . Yar ` Adua took office in 2007 in an election mired in controversy and accusations of vote-rigging . "  There was ballot snatching , voters were molested , voters were beaten ... and also payment inducement to vote for certain candidates , " said Eneruvie Enakoko of the Civil Liberties Organization , a human rights group in Lagos . The president , a soft-spoken and unassuming figure who did not bask in the media spotlight like past leaders of the West African nation , pledged to fight to improve the country of 150 million people despite the accusations . "  Our collective goal is to deliver for our children a Nigeria better , stronger , more peaceful , more secure and more prosperous than we met it , " Yar ` Adua said . President Barack Obama issued a statement late Wednesday expressing his condolences to Yar ` Adua 's family and the Nigerian people . "  President Yar ` Adua worked to promote peace and stability in Africa through his support of Nigerian peacekeeping efforts as well as his strong criticism of undemocratic actions in the region , " Obama said in the statement . "  He was committed to creating lasting peace and prosperity within Nigeria 's own borders , and continuing that work will be an important part of honoring his legacy . " His election followed wide support from his predecessor , leading critics to label him a puppet of the former president , Olusegun Obasanjo . After he was elected , Yar ` Adua replaced some of Obasanjo 's top officials , including the head of the army , a move analysts said was aimed at shedding off his predecessor 's influence . One of Yar ` Adua 's biggest successes was offering amnesty to militants in the troubled oil-rich Niger Delta region , a move that brought fragile peace to the area after years of conflict . The well-armed Niger Delta rebels have been battling Nigeria 's armed forces over oil profits , which they say are unequally distributed . While he has hospitalized in Saudi Arabia , the militants called off the truce , dealing a blow to plans to end violence that has crippled oil production in the nation . Analysts say he did little to institutionalize reform in a country where two-thirds of the population lives on less than a dollar a day . "  Because many people feel disillusioned economically and as long as they have those sentiments -- I think the risk of radical uprisings in places like northern Nigeria and certainly southern Nigeria in the Delta will continue regardless of who is in power , " said Rolake Akinola , an analyst at Control Risks West Africa . Yar ` Adua , a former chemistry teacher , was married twice and has nine children . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigeria 's information minister says President Umaru Yar ` Adua has died Yar ` Adua had given amnesty to armed militants in troubled oil-rich Niger Delta region He went to Saudi Arabia in November for heart treatment Yar ` Adua took office in 2007 in election mired in controversy , accusations of vote-rigging
CNN  -- The Somali pirates who hijacked an Egyptian ship nearly 10 months ago have released it and the crew of 23 after receiving an air-dropped ransom of $ 2.3 million , officials said Tuesday . The MV Suez , laden with a cargo of cement , was sailing toward Eritrea under a Panamanian flag when it was hijacked August 2 by dozens of Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden . Its crew of 11 Egyptians , six Pakistanis , four Indians and two Sri Lankans were taken hostage . "  The hijackers fed the sailors small amounts of rice , " said Mohamed Sobhi , deputy chairman of the Red Sea Navigation Co. "  They need medical attention , and it was tough on their families . The ship should be protected by NATO forces to avoid another disaster on the way back . " The pirates had threatened to kill the the hostages on several occasions if the ransom was not paid , and their deadlines were extended when they were told the payment was being arranged , Sobhi said . Abdel Magid Mattar , chairman of Red Sea Navigation , which owns the ship , said the company paid $ 1.45 million and Pakistani donors paid another $ 850,000 , and the crew was released over the weekend . "  The Foreign Ministries of Pakistan and Egypt assisted in the negotiations during the 10 months to ensure the release and safety of the sailors kidnapped while delivering the cement on board the merchant ship , " Mattar said . A helicopter dispatched from South Africa dropped the money to the pirates . The 17,300-ton merchant vessel was expected to arrive at the Suez Canal within a week , Mattar said . Ansar Burney , a Pakistani-based human rights activist , conducted the negotiations with the pirates and raised the ransom money from Karachi , Mattar said . The Gulf of Aden , between Somalia and Yemen , has been the site of numerous pirate attacks on merchant vessels .	The MV Suez was hijacked August 2 in the Gulf of Aden A $ 2.3 million ransom was paid , officials say A helicopter dropped the money to the pirates Crew members are said to need medical attention
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear an appeal from a female death row inmate who said fetal alcohol syndrome should have been considered by the state court that reviewed her sentence . The U.S. Supreme Court has closely monitored Louisiana 's capital punishment system in recent years . The justices gave no reason for rejecting the appeal , which challenged the constitutionality of Louisiana 's capital sentencing procedures and argued that Brandy Holmes ' alleged developmental disabilities should disqualify her from execution . Holmes , 29 , is one of two women scheduled to be executed in Louisiana . She and a male co-defendant were convicted of murder in the New Year 's Day 2003 death of Julian Brandon , a retired minister near Shreveport . Holmes is being held at the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women at St. Gabriel . Experts on fetal alcohol syndrome call it the nation 's leading preventable cause of mental retardation . As many as 40,000 newborns in the United States are affected each year by their mother 's alcohol use , according to an advocacy group . The syndrome can lead to brain damage , behavioral problems and intellectual disabilities . Holmes ' attorneys said she functions like a 10 - to 12-year-old . "  Brandy has a hallmark case of FAS , " said Tom Donaldson , president of the National Organization on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome , which supported the defendant in her high court appeal . "  Her mother testified that she drank throughout her pregnancy , and in fact named her daughter after her favorite drink . Brandy 's capacity to appreciate the criminality of her actions or to conform to the law is very seriously impaired . " Donaldson and others argue the medical and legal system is unprepared to recognize , intervene and educate when presented with the majority of FAS-related cases , especially those involving younger defendants . In a petition to the justices , Holmes ' attorney , Charles Ogletree , argued the Louisiana Supreme Court did not "  review the extensive mitigating circumstances that limited Ms. Holmes 's moral culpability and compare them to the mitigating circumstances presented in similar cases . The -LSB- state -RSB- court also failed to consider that petitioner 's co-defendant received a death sentence and that the prosecutor stated at the co-defendant 's trial that he  and not the petitioner  was the more culpable party . " That co-defendant , Robert Coleman , remains on death row at the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola . Ogletree is a noted Harvard Law School professor who taught President Obama when he was a law student . The state in its reply brief noted the violent nature of the robbery-murder . The victim 's wife also suffered gunshot wounds in the attack . She lived in a severely impaired state for years and passed away in October 2008 . Investigators said Holmes tried to use the victims ' ATM card and destroyed evidence of the crime . Detectives said she even stole a videotape of her confession that was left unattended at the police station . "  Holmes destroyed this tape by sneaking it into the ladies ' room and flushing the magnetic tape down the toilet , after substituting a blank tape in the stack of taped statements that had been left unsecured on a detective 's desk , " according the the state 's brief . Police also suspect she flushed jewelry she had been wearing , which they suggested may have been stolen from the Brandons . The Supreme Court previously had banned execution of the mentally retarded , though the justices established no clear benchmark on IQ test results to guide criminal courts . The justices also have closely monitored Louisiana 's capital punishment system in recent years , criticizing in some cases the role of some prosecutors and the procedural guarantees required in such cases . The justices last year ordered a new trial for an African-American capital defendant after finding problems with how prosecutors excluded blacks from an all-white jury . That same year , the high court blocked use of the death penalty for a New Orleans-area man convicted of child rape . Louisiana was one of the few states that had actively pushed execution for nonhomicide crimes . Fifty-three women remain on death row around the country . Forty women have been executed in the past century -- 11 since 1976 when the Supreme Court restored capital punishment , according the Death Penalty Information Center . The other woman on death row in Louisiana is Antoinette Frank , a former New Orleans policewoman convicted of three murders , including that of her former partner on the police force . Her scheduled execution last year was delayed indefinitely by appeal . The high court also announced Monday that it will not hear appeals in the following cases :	Defense argued alleged disabilities should disqualify Brandy Holmes from execution Justices cite no reason in rejecting appeal of Louisiana death row inmate Holmes and a co-defendant were convicted in the 2003 killing of a retired minister Holmes ' attorneys says she functions like a 10 - to 12-year-old
CNN  -- The death of a Georgian luge athlete Friday ahead of the opening of the 2010 Winter Olympics occurred amid concerns about the speed of the record-setting track at the Whistler Sliding Center , according to a Georgian official . "  There were some questions asked by other athletes even before this tragic accident , " said Nikolas Rurua , Georgia 's deputy minister for culture and sports , adding that there had been several crashes in the same area . "  But at this moment it would be premature for me to jump to any conclusions . " Nodar Kumaritashvili , 21 , was on his final official training run when he had a "  serious crash " near the end of the 4,500-foot-long course and was propelled off the track , according to the International Olympic Committee . Video of the crash shows Kumaritashvili lying motionless after being thrown from his sled and striking a steel pole as he was coming out of the course 's last turn . He was given CPR by medical staff on site before being transported to a hospital where doctors were unable to revive him , the IOC said . Luge death shows danger of fast tracks Kumaritashvili was scheduled to compete in the men 's singles luge event , which begins Saturday . The official training session was being held just hours before the opening ceremony for the Winter Games . An investigation into the cause of the crash is under way , the IOC said , and the track was closed after the accident , Rurua said . He urged a thorough examination "  to prevent devastating events in the future . " The luge is often called the "  fastest sport on ice . " Sliders use their legs and shoulders to steer small fiberglass sleds down an icy track , at times approaching or surpassing speeds of 90 mph , according to the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics Web site . They are positioned on their backs with their feet straight out in front of them and their heads back to be as aerodynamic as possible . Sports Illustrated 's David Epstein , who is covering the Olympics for the magazine , told CNN 's "  Situation Room " that the Whistler course is the fastest in the world "  and not by a little . " He noted that while most luge courses "  flatten out " around the 11th turn , the Whistler track "  just keeps on dropping , so there 's really kind of no break from gathering speed toward the end . " Epstein said some athletes had been complaining about the speed of the course and speculating that this Winter Games could be the first time the sport sees a competitor hit 100 mph . "  That 's 15 to 20 mph faster than any course in the rest of the world , " Epstein said . A track speed record -- and world speed record -- was recorded at Whistler on February 21 , 2009 , when a single men 's luge athlete topped 95 mph during competition . American luger Tony Benshoof held the previous world speed record of 86.8 mph set in 2001 . Kumaritashvili was traveling at 88 mph at the time of his crash , Epstein said . Benshoof said Friday that he had had problems in the lower portion of the track during one of his training runs . "  Because of the physics of the curves , and going at 95 mph , there 's a really small margin for error , " Benshoof said . "  You really need to get it right from curve nine to get as far as curve 13 , because once you get to curve 11 and 12 , you 're going too fast to correct yourself . " Kumaritashvili crashed on the 16th and final turn of the course . IOC President Jacques Rogge declined to comment Friday on what safety precautions may be put into place pending the outcome of the investigation . "  This is a time of sorrow , not a time to look for reasons , " he said during an emotional news conference confirming Kumaritashvili 's death . "  That will come in due time . " Full statement from IOC Rurua said members of the Georgian team will dedicate their event performances to their fallen teammate . The somber seven-member delegation wore black armbands to Friday night 's opening ceremonies and a black ribbon was tied atop the Georgian flag in tribute to Kumaritashvili . The team received a standing ovation from the 60,000 spectators in attendance . "  It is difficult to remain composed , " Rogge said . "  This is a very sad day . The IOC is in deep mourning . " Rurua described Kumaritashvili as a "  well-qualified " and hard-working athlete from an area of Georgia with a long tradition in snow sports . He said members of the Georgian team will dedicate their event performances to their fallen teammate . " -LSB- Kumaritashvili -RSB- came to Canada with hopes and dreams that this would be a magnificent occasion in his life , " said John Furlong of the Vancouver Organizing Committee . "  We are heartbroken beyond words to be sitting here . " Rogge said the IOC has been in contact with the Georgian Olympic Committee , Kumaritashvili 's family and the president of the Georgian republic to express their condolences . Rurua said Kumaritashvili 's cousin , who is a coach for the team , was the only relative present in Vancouver . The last time a luge athlete was killed during an Olympics was in 1964 when the sport was first introduced , Epstein said . Friday 's death was the first time an athlete had been killed during the games since 1992 , when a Swiss skier crashed into a snow-clearing machine on a public trail while training in the closing days of the games , according to NBC News , the official broadcaster of the Vancouver Games . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Luge slider from Georgia killed hours before the opening ceremony Other athletes had been worried about speed of track , Georgian official says Nodar Kumaritashvili was to compete in the men 's singles luge event
CNN  -- Argentina midfielder Javier Mascherano wants to leave Liverpool , according to the English club 's new manager Roy Hodgson , but Spain striker Fernando Torres wants to stay . Mascherano has been linked with a move to European champions Inter Milan , where his former Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez is now coach , and informed Hodgson of his desire to leave on his first day back at Anfield following a post-World Cup break . The 26-year-old joined Liverpool in 2007 on loan from English rivals West Ham , and signed a permanent four-year contract in 2008 . "  Yes , he wants to leave the club . He has made that perfectly clear , " Hodgson told reporters at a press conference ahead of Thursday 's Europa League qualifier against Macedonia 's Rabotnicki . "  I think he wanted to leave a year ago and he wants to leave now . But he 's contracted to Liverpool Football Club , so whether he leaves or not is our decision . "  The mere fact that the player is a little bit unhappy with his situation and would prefer to leave does n't necessarily mean he will leave . It disappoints me , but it 's not unusual . "  He has a two-year contract and I expect him to honor that until the day comes when the club decides to accept an offer for his services . " However , Hodgson had better news about the future of top scorer Torres , who has been linked with English double winners Chelsea after admitting to the former Fulham manager that he was unhappy with aspects of life at Liverpool . "  As far as I know , he is looking forward to coming back here on Monday , " the 62-year-old said on Tuesday . "  He is enjoying a holiday , which is a well-deserved break as I do n't think he 's had one for three years . "  He is spending a lot of time with his family and , as far as I know , is keeping a very low profile and not really speaking to anybody . "  But he has told us he is looking forward to Monday , looking forward to getting back to work and looking forward to playing for Liverpool next season . That 's what I know , and I would suggest all other reports are erroneous . " Meanwhile , Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva has been recalled by Brazil for the friendly international with the United States on August 10 in New Jersey . The 23-year-old was not selected for the 2010 World Cup , but has been named by new national coach Mano Menezes -- who he worked with at previous club Gremio in Brazil . Menezes has called up 11 debutants in a 24-man squad , which features just Dani Alves , Ramires , Thiago Motta and Robinho from predecessor Dunga 's line-up in South Africa . Dunga was sacked after the five-time world champions were beaten in the quarterfinals by eventual runners-up the Netherlands .	Liverpool manager has mixed news over futures of Javier Mascherano and Fernando Torres Roy Hodgson says midfielder Mascherano wants to go but striker Torres is staying Mascherano has been linked with a move to European champions Inter Milan Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva recalled into Brazil squad after missing World Cup
CNN  -- He left it late but Sergio Garcia finally won his first tournament of the year . The Spaniard beat the world 's hottest golfer , Henrik Stenson , to claim the Thailand Golf Championship on Sunday . Struggling in the past to close out events , this time Garcia protected his overnight advantage and downed the Swede by four shots at the Amata Spring Country Club in Chonburi . The secret to his success ? Maybe it was his girlfriend , Katharina , acting as his caddy . "  It was great , an amazing week ... obviously being the last week of the year and for having Katharina caddie for me , " Garcia told the Asian Tour 's website . "  I knew Henrik was going to make it difficult for me . He 's been playing so amazingly great , and he did . He kept hitting good shot after good shot . " But Garcia would n't be caught . He carded a four-under-par 68 in the final round and ended at 22-under overall . Stenson , the Race to Dubai and FedExCup champion , admitted he was running on "  fumes " after a tiring season . "  I 've had a great year but coming here really on the fumes left in the tank , not too much going for me to perform in that sense , " Stenson said . "  But I played really nicely yesterday and I was hanging in there today . I was just coming up a couple short . " France 's Alexander Levy completed the top three , with U.S. Open champion Justin Rose tying for fourth .	Spaniard Sergio Garcia wins the Thailand Golf Championship by four shots A tired Henrik Stenson finishes second , ahead of France 's Alexander Levy Garcia had n't won a tournament since his visit to Malaysia last December Garcia 's girlfriend Katharina caddied for him this week in Thailand
Health.com  -- Have you ever reached into your medicine cabinet and pulled out a bottle with a faded label , only to discover that the aspirin or prescription drugs inside were past their date ? Did you play it safe and toss the bottle into the trash ? If so , you might have been overly cautious . A new laboratory analysis of eight prescription drugs that expired between 28 and 40 years ago has found that most have remained just as potent as they were on the day they were made . Overall , the eight drugs included 14 different active ingredients , including aspirin , codeine and hydrocodone . In 86 % of cases , the study found , the amount of active ingredient present in the drugs was at least 90 % of the amount indicated on the label . That falls within the range deemed acceptable by the Food and Drug Administration . The agency allows "  reasonable variation " in the strength of any given batch of prescription drugs , generally requiring that drugs contain between 90 % and 110 % of the stated active ingredient . Health.com : Tips for saving money on prescription drugs It 's impossible to say from the study results alone whether the eight drugs would be effective if used today , but "  there 's no reason to think that they 're not , " says Lee Cantrell , the lead author of the study and a professor of clinical pharmacy at the University of California , San Francisco . Two of the tested ingredients , aspirin and amphetamine , consistently fell below the 90 % threshold , as did one sample of the painkiller phenacetin . On the other hand , three ingredients were found in amounts greater than 110 % of label strength -- perhaps because those drugs predate quality-control regulations introduced by the FDA in 1963 , the researchers say . Most drugs are dated to expire after one to five years , but as the results show , that time frame does n't necessarily correlate to a drug 's potency , Cantrell says . "  All -LSB- the expiration date -RSB- means from the manufacturers ' standpoint is that they 're willing to guarantee the potency and efficacy for the drug for that long , " he says . "  It has nothing to do with the actual shelf life . " Health.com : What belongs in your medicine cabinet ? The fact that expiration dates appear to be somewhat arbitrary may mean that consumers and pharmacies alike are throwing away perfectly good medicine . And this has important implications for drug shortages and especially health care costs , the researchers say . "  We 're spending billions and billions on medications and medication turnover , " Cantrell says . "  If a drug has expired , you 've got to throw it away , it goes into a landfill , and you have to get a new prescription . This could potentially have a significant impact on cost . " Although consistently taking depleted prescription drugs could certainly cause complications , expired drugs are generally safe . In the medical literature there is only one example of an expired drug that became toxic , and that was an isolated incident , says Cantrell , the director of the San Diego division of the California Poison Control System . Health.com : 13 drugs that can make you gain weight The new findings , which were published today in a research letter in the Archives of Internal Medicine , do n't mean you should go digging through the trash for your expired meds just yet , however . For starters , some of the drugs tested are no longer widely used , and it 's not clear that the results would be the same for different drugs , or for similar drugs stored in different conditions , says Mohammad Nutan , an associate professor of pharmaceutical sciences at the Texas A&M Health Science Center , in Kingsville . The drugs in this study were unopened and still in their original containers , Nutan points out . Medications that are already opened or those stored in less than optimal conditions might be a different story altogether , since humidity , temperature , and even exposure to light can all affect how well a drug stands the test of time , Nutan says . Still , Cantrell and his colleagues say , the findings suggest that the expiration dates of some drugs could be safely extended . The FDA , in fact , has already done so for certain medications in short supply , including anti-venoms for the Eastern Coral snake and the Black Widow spider , Cantrell notes . "  Perhaps expiration dating of medications needs to be revisited , " he says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Study finds many "  expired " drugs are just as potent as they were originally made FDA generally requires drugs to contain between 90 % and 110 % of the active ingredient Expired aspirin and amphetamine consistently fell below the 90 % threshold
CNN  -- Mary Kay Letourneau , the teacher who served more than seven years in prison for raping one of her sixth-grade students , finds herself in trouble with the law again . She was arrested and accused of driving with a suspended license and failure to appear , according to Julie Murphy , a spokeswoman for King County Adult and Juvenile Detention & Community Corrections in Washington state . She was booked early Monday morning and released the same day on $ 5,000 bond , the spokeswoman said . According to CNN affiliate KIRO , Letourneau will appear in court Tuesday . Letourneau married her former student , Vili Fualaau , in 2005 . They have two children . CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	The teacher served more than seven years in prison for raping one of her students She was arrested and accused of driving with a suspended license , failure to appear Letourneau was released on $ 5,000 bond and is set to be in court Tuesday
Denver  CNN  -- How did an unlicensed professional , who led people to believe he was a medical doctor , run a facility for adolescents with mental illness and drug abuse problems for decades , despite complaint after complaint to state regulators alleging abuse ? That 's the question that haunts some of the alleged victims of an inpatient treatment center that operated in Wheat Ridge , Colorado , for about 30 years . A CNN investigation uncovered at least 15 civil suits and some two dozen complaints to state regulators against Adolescent and Family Institute of Colorado , also known as AFIC . The allegations include verbal and sexual abuse , unauthorized discontinuance of psychotropic medication and fraud . The man in charge , AFIC 's president and founder , Alexander Panio Jr. , was not a licensed psychiatrist or psychologist in the state of Colorado , yet he was allegedly treating patients , and participating in and enabling the abuse at his facility . "  It did the most incredible damage to our family , " said Rick Palmer , who 's filed a civil suit against AFIC , Panio and other staff members . Rick and Sylvia Palmer turned to AFIC in 2011 to help their then-16-year-old daughter , Jessica , a star soccer player who was struggling with mental illness and drug addiction . But instead of getting help , the Palmers say , Jessica was harmed . In their civil suit , the Palmers claim Jessica "  was repeatedly told by AFIC staff that she was a ` bitch , ' ` dumb , ' and a -LSB- expletive -RSB- . She was told that her parents did n't love her and that she was the source of all their problems . " The Palmers also allege Jessica was cut off from her family , was abruptly taken off her bipolar medication without authorization , and was brainwashed into believing she was faking her mental illness . "  As a result of her experience at AFIC , Jessica Palmer became more depressed , suicidal and filled with self-loathing , " according to the civil suit . Jessica Palmer took her own life in 2012 , less than a year after leaving AFIC . In court documents , AFIC and staff deny all claims . The Palmers ' suit is pending , but both sides tell CNN they have agreed on settlement terms . Complaint after complaint The Palmers are not alone . Colorado public records obtained by CNN detail similar complaints and other alleged abuses that date back to the mid-1980s . The allegations of abuse include sexual misconduct during physical exams , such as fondling and measuring genitalia . Another civil suit involving a 14-year-old patient of AFIC , who is referred to only as "  Baby Doe " because she is a minor , alleges : "  Baby Doe was required to bend over and touch her toes while -LSB- staff members -RSB- stood behind her , evaluating her exposed buttocks and genitalia . Baby Doe was then told to squat and ` walk like a duck ' across the floor . " The civil suit alleges the patient began to cry and was threatened with humiliation -- "  she would be labeled as having -LSB- sexually transmitted diseases -RSB- ... and disallowed from participating in certain activities " -- if she did not allow the exam . AFIC and staff members deny these allegations . Court documents show a settlement is pending . Public records also show repeated complaints of verbal abuse made to the Colorado Department of Human Services as early as 1990 through 2012 that allege degrading , derogatory , humiliating , and at times racially charged rants directed at patients and family members . A county social worker who attended a patient evaluation wrote to state regulators in 1998 : "  I am concerned that the treatment my client recently received in a pre-placement interview ... was demeaning and humiliating to him and basically stripped away his dignity as a human being . ... In my opinion , they tore him to shreds . ... In the 20 years I 've worked in the field of Human Services , I have never seen a professional treat a youngster in a way that totally disregards him as a human being with worth . ... Incarceration is more humane . " "  We were just belittled and degraded and made to feel so small we could barely get up off the mat , " said Aimee Donabedian , the plaintiff in another civil suit . Donabedian said her son Chris , 16 years old at the time , was neglected and abused at AFIC in 2010 . His family checked him into AFIC after a psychiatrist had diagnosed Chris with major depression with psychotic features , a precursor to schizophrenia , and had started him on medication . "  We were told that the next step would be to have him in residential care for a few weeks to get him acclimated to his medication , " Donabedian told CNN . The Donabedian lawsuit alleges AFIC discontinued Chris ' medications abruptly and without tapering . "  My illness just progressively got worse when I was there , " Chris Donabedian told CNN . He said he started hallucinating , hearing voices and begged for his medication but was denied . "  I was way worse when I left . Just the voices were really bad , " he said . Chris Donabedian has been diagnosed with schizophrenia since leaving AFIC . Aimee Donabedian described her son 's treatment as abuse . "  The abuse of not being allowed to have his medications . The abuse of being told that he 's basically , no good , just the scum of the earth , that he 's just a liar and a manipulator and he 's really not sick . " AFIC and staff members , named as defendants in the Donabedian civil suit , deny all of these allegations . Donabedian said the civil suit was a result of months of research "  because no normal person could wrap their head around what was going on at AFIC . " She discovered that Panio was n't licensed to practice medicine or psychotherapy but was allegedly diagnosing and treating patients . "  What we experienced there was bait and switch , " Donabedian said . ` Dr. Panio ' Panio got his doctorate in psychology in 1979 from a distance-learning school . Its accreditation at the time was not government-approved and it no longer offers PhDs in psychology , the school confirmed to CNN . But he went by "  Dr. Panio " even before 1979 . In fact , officials at Northwestern University , where he was a faculty member from 1972 to 1978 , told CNN they believed he was a medical doctor . University records show him listed as "  Alexander Panio Jr. , M.D. " Chicago Tribune articles dating as far back as 1970 even refer to him as "  Dr. Alexander Panio Jr. " "  I think he experienced great joy in pulling strings and controlling people 's lives and affecting them and playing doctor , " said Donabedian . CNN tried repeatedly to contact Panio , both directly and through his lawyers , to ask about the allegations of abuse at AFIC and about his credentials , but he avoided our cameras and never returned phone calls . In court documents , Panio denies all allegations of abuse and stands by his credentials . Panio 's attorney Katherine Fritz told CNN Panio can not talk due to settlement terms in a number of civil suits , including the Palmers ' and Donabedians ' . The state 's response During the approximately 30 years Panio ran his facility , state records show he was only registered to practice psychotherapy between 1992 and 1998 . Then his registration expired . The state confirms he was never licensed as a psychiatrist or psychologist in Colorado . Hundreds of pages of public records obtained by CNN show state regulators were alerted to problems at AFIC and they did investigate . Yet , time and again , the authorities said the allegations "  could not be confirmed . " The Colorado Board of Registered Psychotherapists did issue Panio a cease-and-desist order in March of 2013 for his alleged diagnosis and treatment of patients at AFIC , which Panio appealed . The state Department of Regulatory Agencies told CNN the parties are still waiting for a ruling by the administrative law judge regarding this case . Even so , the cease-and-desist order only addresses Panio 's licensing issues , not the alleged abuse . The Department of Human Services , the Department of Regulatory Agencies and even the governor 's office refused multiple requests for an interview by CNN . Instead , the Departments of Human Services and Regulatory Agencies issued a joint statement that reads : "  Any additional information regarding this former facility , Mr. Panio and the respective licenses and credentials is part of an ongoing case in which final disposition has not been reached and therefore can not be discussed in an interview . " The state never shut down AFIC . The facility closed voluntarily on July 1 , 2013 , after several of the civil suits were filed leading to at least one key member of the staff leaving . Many of the employees , who allegedly participated in the abuse , are licensed to continue working . No criminal charges have been filed involving AFIC . However , Wheat Ridge police are investigating . "  We 've had to involve a lot of other agencies on this particular investigation . Unfortunately , there 's not a whole lot I can discuss at this time because the case is still under investigation , " said John Romero , public information officer for the Wheat Ridge Police Department . Demanding justice For the Palmer family , it 's not enough . "  I think  AFIC  shoved us over a bridge , burned it , and then took away any tools we had to rebuild it , " said Sylvia Palmer . "  The mess they made in her mind was permanent and final . " Her parents allege AFIC staff convinced their daughter that she was faking her mental illness . "  Jess believed it when she got out . She truly believed she was a fraud , that she was a cheat , she was a liar , that she was all of the things she was prompted and worse , " Sylvia Palmer said . A note from Jessica 's journal , written at AFIC , reads : "  I 'm a fraud . I 'm just a waste of space ... . I want to be gone from here . Whether that looks like jail , an institution , or death . " Jessica Palmer was just 17 years old when she killed herself . "  They sucked the life out of our daughter , " Rick Palmer told CNN . "  Somebody needs to do something . "	Adolescent and Family Institute of Colorado operated for nearly 30 years A CNN investigation uncovered at least 15 civil suits and nearly two dozen complaints Founder was not a licensed psychiatrist or psychologist in the state of Colorado Lawsuits and complaints allege fraud , abuse , humiliation of patients
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi parliament members adjourned on Saturday without reaching an accord on a controversial new elections law , and the lawmakers could make another try to forge and pass legislation tomorrow . Abdul Bari al-Zebari and Mahmoud Othman , Kurdish members of the Council of Representatives , told CNN that the session is adjourned until Sunday because lawmakers did n't forge an agreement . Passage of the law on Sunday is expected to ensure that national elections would be held on January 16 . Al-Zebari said several Sunni Arab parliament members boycotted the Saturday session and doubts there will be a Sunday vote . Othman told CNN that lawmakers could n't reach an accord over the issue of Kirkuk and said some Sunni Arab and Turkmen members left the session . But the biggest roadblock to a new election law is the question of how balloting should unfold in the ethnically diverse , oil-rich province of Kirkuk , where Kurds displaced during Saddam Hussein 's rule have returned to claim their land . The power struggle among Kurds , Arabs and Turkmen has been a political hot potato . Kurds have long regarded Kirkuk -- the province and the city of the same name -- as an integral part of Kurdistan , and many want it to be part of Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish region . Arabs and Turkmen also lay claim to the city and province , and all the groups want their voices and votes to be adequately represented in the political system . Disgruntled Arab and Turkmen residents say many more Kurds have moved into Kirkuk than were displaced , and that allowing them to vote would create an unfair advantage . Arabs and Turkmen want special measures to adjust for the increased numbers because they believe many of the Kurdish immigrants are there illegally . The Kurds insist there should be no special voting procedures and reject a United Nations ' proposal that singles out Kirkuk for special treatment . The disagreements among the groups spurred the postponement of provincial elections in Kirkuk last January because officials there could not agree on how to apportion seats among the ethnic groups .	New election law will ensure that national elections take place January 16 Biggest roadblock is how balloting should unfold in Kirkuk , where Kurds stake claim to land Kurds regard Kirkuk as part of Kurdistan ; Arabs and Turkmen also lay claim to it
CNN  -- Chelsea Handler , the foul-mouthed , alcohol-swilling , cutting , irreverent and occasionally naked host of E! 's hit talk show "  Chelsea Lately , " is taking her act and moving it to Netflix . Later this year and in 2015 , she 'll create some comedy and documentary specials and then in 2016 premiere another talk show . Chelsea Handler to host Netflix talk show The last episode of "  Chelsea Lately " will air on Tuesday night . In her seven-year run , Handler has made "  Lately " the go-to place for fans wanting something a little tarter with their talk-show entertainment . Let Jimmy Fallon have the "  nice " aura ; Handler is just as soon exasperated with her show , her staff and even her guests as she is tickled . At this point , who knows what she 'll bring to her Netflix program , which -- given the on-demand nature of the service -- will almost certainly have a different format . Nevertheless , there 's plenty about "  Chelsea Lately " we hope carries over to Handler 's next talk-show chapter . Here are seven things we 'll miss in the meantime : 1 . She regularly bit the hand that presented her . Handler laughed and made fun of the same things the rest of us joke about , even when those things -- the Kardashians , Ryan Seacrest -- happened to share a network with her . She did n't care , which was classic Chelsea . Of course , E! probably did n't mind either , because any publicity is good publicity -- even mockery of Seacrest 's stature . 2 . She was willing to make fun of herself , too . Handler has been notably open about her louche , if exaggerated , private life . And she encourages needles from guests as well as the comedians who join her for the roundtable to discuss the news . 3 . Those strange shower sketches . It 's hard to imagine David Letterman -- or even Stephen Colbert -- being willing to engage in argumentative sketches with the likes of Sandra Bullock and Conan O'Brien while standing naked in a shower .  Judging from the fuzzed-out naughty bits , there 's a minimum of special effects involved . Incidentally , nice abs , Conan .  Seems like Handler would be a natural to mount a revival of "  Steambath . " 4 . Honestly , Jennifer Aniston . On other talk shows , the former "  Friends " star is like most other celebrities : sticking to the script  or the blue cards  and answering only what was discussed backstage with some assistant producer . But on "  Chelsea Lately , " she lets down her hair  so to speak  , probably because Handler is a friend outside of the studio . She 's even gotten choked up ! 5 . Well , hello there , guest . One of Handler 's long-running jokes is that she sleeps with almost all her guests , which in the case of 50 Cent probably actually happened . But she was happy to flirt with almost everybody , men and women alike . 6 . International incidents ! It was n't enough that Handler insulted Lupita N'yongo during the Oscars this year . That was on her Twitter account , which  presumably  wo n't be going anywhere . But how many other talk show hosts would offend a whole country ? Chances are that Serbia is n't going to mind Handler 's departure from E! . 7 . What about Chuy ? Jesus Melgoza , aka Chuy Bravo , has been Handler 's diminutive right hand for the run of the show . No word on whether he 'll be joining her at Netflix -- TMZ says he is n't -- but in the meantime , fans will have to be satisfied with his recommendations on serving tacos , using Tinder and healthy living . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Breeanna Hare contributed to this story .	"  Chelsea Lately 's " last show is set for Tuesday night Host Chelsea Handler is moving to Netflix "  Chelsea Lately 's " distinctive bits included shower sketches and Chuy Bravo
CNN  -- The primary cause for hundreds of recent dolphin deaths along the East Coast is likely a virus , and there 's no way to stop its spread right now , federal officials say . The virus , the cetacean morbillivirus , is similar to measles in humans or canine distemper in dogs , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . After consulting with disease experts and conducting tests from five affected states , NOAA found that 32 dolphins were either "  suspect or confirmed positive for mobillivirus . " The five affected states are New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland and Virginia . North Carolina has also seen an increase in dolphin strandings , according to NOAA . As of Sunday , there have been 488 dolphin strandings from New York to North Carolina , more than 300 dolphins above the annual average . The strandings , where dolphins have gotten stuck in shallow water or have washed up on shores , are over nine times the historical average for July and August in the mid-Atlantic region . Some stranded are found alive , but most are found dead , with many in a state of advanced decomposition , according to data published on NOAA 's website . In Virginia , at least 164 dead dolphins have been found this year , said Joan M. Barns , public relations manager for the Virginia Aquarium in Virginia Beach . Seventy-eight have washed ashore so far in August , she said . There is no vaccination for the mobillivirus , but additional testing on other animals is underway . Scientists at the NOAA hope that learning more about the virus will help them address factors that may facilitate its spread . While the virus is generally spread through the air or through contact with other animals , it is not infectious to humans . On August 8 , NOAA issued an Unusual Mortality Event in response to the high number of deaths . The declaration brought special federal attention to the deaths as something that serves as an indicator of ocean health and may give "  insight into larger environmental issues which may also have implications for human health and welfare , " according to NOAA 's website . The UME declaration for the mid-Atlantic bottlenose dolphins is one of 60 that the agency has issued since it was established under the Marine Mammal Protection Act in 1991 . Causes , including infections , biotoxins , human intervention and malnutrition , have been determined for the 29 of those cases . CNN 's Brad Lendon , Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Hundreds of dolphins have died along the East Coast NOAA says that disease experts think the cetacean morbillivirus is at work As of Sunday , there have been 488 dolphin strandings from New York to North Carolina
CNN  -- For those who 've resolved to only spend their tourist cash in up-and-coming destinations with strong environmental and human rights records in 2014 , nonprofit Ethical Traveler has taken care of the research for you . Every year , the California-based team reviews policies and practices in the developing world , then selects the 10 countries that are doing the most to promote human rights , preserve their environments and support social welfare -- all while creating a lively , community-based tourism industry . "  By visiting these countries , we use our economic leverage as travelers to support best practices , " says Ethical Traveler . In alphabetical order , the 2014 top 10 are : 1 . The Bahamas 2 . Barbados 3 . Cape Verde 4 . Chile 5 . Dominica 6 . Latvia 7 . Lithuania 8 . Mauritius 9 . Palau 10 . Uruguay "  Once again , no Asian country qualified for our list , " says Ethical Traveler . "  The human rights and environmental records of these nations continued to be found wanting . Equally unfortunate is that no continental African country made it onto our 2014 list ; Ghana was removed because of its declining human rights record this year . " Choosing the top 10 Ethical Traveler 's research focuses on three categories : environmental protection , social welfare and human rights . "  For each of these categories we look at information past and present so that we understand not only the current state of a country , but how it has changed over time , " says Ethical Traveler . "  This helps us select nations that are actively improving the state of their people , government and environment . " Information sources include Freedom House , the Millennium Challenge Corporation , Reporters Without Borders , UNICEF , GLBT resources and the World Bank . "  After identifying about two dozen ` short list ' performers , we turn to detailed case research , focusing on actions these governments have taken over the year to improve  or in some cases , weaken  practices and circumstances in the countries , " says the report . The list has to have something to offer tourists . Each "  best ethical destination " offers opportunities to check out incredible natural beauty and interactions with local people and cultures in a meaningful , mutually enriching way , says Ethical Traveler . Researchers stressed that just because these destinations made the list , none scored perfect marks . "  This year , the most prevalent bottleneck issues were the treatment of indigenous populations and of gay citizens , " says the report . "  In particular , Chile and Dominica need to increase their efforts to respect the rights of their indigenous citizens . " Criticisms include outdated laws criminalizing homosexuality , which are on the books in some of this year 's countries , including Barbados , Dominica and Mauritius . "  However , anti-homosexual laws are laxly enforced in these countries , " says Ethical Traveler . "  In Dominica , rights groups feel encouraged that the country has started a dialogue on this issue and , while homosexuality is still illegal in Mauritius , recent steps point to positive change . When considering these countries for inclusion in the 2015 list , progress on this issue will receive our attention . " The full report , in PDF form , can be found on the Ethical Traveler website .	Nonprofit group Ethical Traveler highlights developing nations with promising human rights records No Asian or continental African countries made the 2014 list "  By visiting these countries , we use our economic leverage as travelers to support best practices , " says Ethical Traveler .
CNN  -- Australia 's navy Monday opened two weeks of hearings into the World War II sinking of the cruiser Sydney II , an effort to formally close the book on the country 's worst naval disaster . The gun turret of Sydney II was discovered with the rest of the vessel in March 2008 . The ship 's entire crew of 645 died when it was sunk by the German commerce raider Kormoran . About 15 relatives of the lost men attended Monday 's opening session , said Cmdr. Jack Rush , the lawyer presenting the evidence gathered by investigators to a commission of inquiry led by a retired judge . "  I do n't think until today -- until you actually get to hear the evidence of the impact of a bombardment of the ship and the nature of the injuries -- I think there are some pretty mixed emotions as a consequence of it , " Rush said . The inquiry could produce its report on the sinking by April , he said . In March , researchers discovered the Sydney 's wreckage in the Indian Ocean , about 207 km  128 miles  off Australia 's west coast . At the time it sank , searchers found only two floatation belts and an empty life raft -- and the only accounts of its November 1941 destruction came from survivors of the Kormoran , an armed cargo ship flying a false flag . The German ship inflicted "  enormous damage " on the Sydney during a battle that is believed to have lasted about 35 minutes and left 70 percent of its crew dead or incapacitated , Rush said . "  It is likely that the captain , the navigator , all the senior officers were taken out on the first salvo , " he said . A torpedo tore into the Sydney 's bow , flooding the forward end of the ship , while the Kormoran fired an estimated 87 rounds from its 15-cm  5.9-inch  guns into the Australian cruiser . The Sydney limped away and sank sometime between two to four and a half hours later , Rush said . During the battle , however , the Kormoran was hit by an Australian shell that damaged its engines and set the vessel ablaze . With hundreds of mines aboard , its captain ordered the crew to abandon ship , fearing the fire would set those off . A search began only five days after the battle , when the Sydney had failed to return to port in Fremantle . And an 11-day delay by Australia 's government in announcing the ship 's loss fueled what a 1999 parliamentary report called "  a proliferation of theories " about the fate of the crew -- that the ship was actually sunk by a Japanese submarine , that survivors were machine-gunned in the water or that the government hid bodies after they washed up on the beach . Rush said some of the proponents of those theories will be allowed to present their cases to the inquiry as well . "  We 're not hearing from everyone , but we are giving an opportunity to people to make those arguments , " he said .	The wreckage of Sydney II was found in March 2008 off Australia 's western coast Delay in announcing the boat 's loss in 1941 fueled various theories over the years Inquiry lawyer : Some proponents of theories will be allowed to present their case
CNN  -- A federal program designed to uncover potential terrorists before they board airplanes is under internal investigation after employees claimed some of their colleagues at Boston 's international airport are engaged in racial profiling . Transportation Security Administration officers at Logan International Airport say that fellow employees in the agency 's Behavior Detection Program have been targeting minorities for questioning based on their race or ethnicity . The claims , first reported in The New York Times , prompted the TSA to open an internal investigation . "  If any of these claims prove accurate , we will take immediate and decisive action to ensure there are consequences to such activity , " the TSA said in a statement . Airport screeners closer to having collective bargaining agreement "  Racial profiling is not tolerated within the ranks of TSA , including within the Behavior Detection Program . Profiling is not only discriminatory , but it is also an ineffective way to identify someone intent on doing harm , " the statement said . Behavior detection is employed at airports across the country . Boston Logan launched a pilot expansion of the behavior detection program last year , adding casual conversation with passengers as a means to detect behaviors that may indicate security threats . The TSA says officers should flag passengers for additional screening based only on observed behaviors . Some Boston officers have complained to the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts . ACLU attorney Sarah Wunsch , who has spoken with 10 officers accusing their colleagues of racial profiling , told CNN that officers are targeting racial and ethnic groups including Mexicans , African-Americans and Brazilians for secondary screening . On Tuesday , Rep. Bennie G. Thompson of Mississippi called for the TSA to suspend the behavioral screening program and requested a congressional hearing . Thompson is the ranking Democrat on the House committee on homeland security Rep. Bill Keating of Massachusetts , a top Democrat on the House oversight and investigation subcommittee for homeland security , has also called for a probe into the allegations . "  These allegations have more weight because they come from people who are knowledgeable about the requirements and training and see something going wrong in the screening process , " Keating said . TSA says officers rescued kidnapped woman TSA to speed flight crews through security CNN 's Jon Noah and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	TSA behavior analysis officers have accused some colleagues of inappropriate screening Officers say some agency employees target travelers based on race or ethnicity The agency says it will investigate the claims TSA says profiling is discriminatory and ineffective in detecting threats
CNN  Authorities in South Carolina have released dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of Walter Scott , but the footage does not show the actual shooting . Video from the patrol car of North Charleston 's Michael Slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott . Slager approaches Scott 's vehicle . The two men speak . Scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle . Slager then returns to his patrol car . Scott exits his vehicle , briefly , and Slager tells him to stay in the car . Scott then gets out of the car , again , and runs away , out of the range of the dash cam . The video , which was released Thursday , also shows a passenger in Scott 's car . The passenger 's identity was not given in a police report obtained by CNN , but another officer responding to the incident said in the report that the passenger was detained and placed in the back seat of a police vehicle . Scott family attorney Chris Stewart told CNN the man with Scott was a co-worker and friend . He did not identify the friend by name . When asked what might have motivated Scott to run , Justin Bamberg , another attorney for the family , speculated that Scott might have been concerned about child support issues . Scott owed back payments on child support totaling $ 18,104.43 , according to Charleston County family court documents obtained by CNN . He had a bench warrant issued against him for failure to pay at the time he was stopped by Slager . But Bamberg was adamant the dash cam video does not alter what happened . "  This dash cam footage does not change the fact that at the moment the officer shot and killed Mr. Scott -- that shooting was completely unjustified . And that is the key point of both the criminal investigation and the civil lawsuit , " the lawyer said . The North Charleston Police Department is not providing more information , citing an ongoing investigation of Scott 's killing that 's being conducted by the independent South Carolina Law Enforcement Division  SLED  . Many questions remain about what happened on Saturday when Officer Slager pulled Scott over for what police have said was a broken taillight . In the police report that CNN obtained , a responding officer said that Slager said that at one point he started to chase Scott down a street . "  Shots fired and the subject is down , " the officer writes that Slager said . "  He took my Taser . " But a witness who shot cell phone video of the incident says he never saw Scott try to get Slager 's Taser . Feidin Santana was walking to work when he saw Slager and Scott struggle on the ground , he told NBC 's Lester Holt on Wednesday . Santana then took out his phone and started recording video . "  I remember the police  officer  had control of the situation . He had control of Scott , " Santana said . Then , Santana said , he heard the sound of a Taser . It seemed to Santana that Scott was trying to get away and avoid being zapped with the Tasered again . On Thursday , a second witness spoke to CNN about what she saw . Gwen Nichols said she was in the neighborhood when she heard police cars speeding by and , curious , she followed them . She saw Scott and Slager at the entrance to a vacant lot . "  It was like a tussle type of thing , like , you know , like , ` What do you want ? ' or ` What did I do ? ' type of thing , " said Nichols , who said she has not yet talked to police about what she saw . "  I did n't hear Mr. Slager saying : ` Stop ! ' " she said . Feidin showed the video to the Scott family . But Santana has said fear for his own life almost kept him from revealing the tape . In interviews with MSNBC and NBC , Santana recalled the moments when he recorded the video . "  I ... thought about erasing the video , " Santana told MSNBC 's "  All in With Chris Hayes " in an interview that aired Wednesday evening . "  I felt that my life , with this information , might be in danger . " The video shows Slager shooting eight times at Scott as Scott runs away . Witness : I nearly erased shooting video out of fear An autopsy showed that Scott suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body . Before the officer starts firing his gun in the video , a dark object falls behind him and hits the ground . It 's not clear whether that is the Taser . Later in the video , when the officer approaches Scott 's body , he drops a dark object next to the man . It 's also not clear whether that is the Taser . It 's unknown whether Scott took the officer 's Taser or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body . Slager has been fired and charged with murder . He is white . Scott , who was unarmed , was black . Timeline of events Scott 's shooting stirred memories of the Michael Brown case in Ferguson , Missouri , where an unarmed black teenager was killed by a white police officer . A grand jury declined to indict the officer in that case . But not everyone agreed that Scott 's case is like Brown 's or that race was a factor . Asked how he felt about Slager being charged with murder , Santana answered that "  no one can feel happy . " "  He has his family , and Mr. Scott also has his family , " he told Holt . "  But I think , you know , he made a bad decision . ... Mr. Scott did n't deserve this . And there were other ways that can be used to get him arrested . And that was n't the proper way to do that . " Lessons learned from Ferguson to North Charleston The FBI is investigating , as is SLED . "  I have watched the video , and I was sickened by what I saw , " North Charleston police Chief Eddie Driggers told reporters Wednesday . Mayor Keith Summey spoke at the same news conference , which was repeatedly interrupted by protesters who chanted : "  No justice ! No peace ! " They called for the mayor to step down . Summey said that the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras "  so every officer on the street " in the city will have one . That is in addition to 101 body cameras already ordered , he said . Just before the conference was set to begin , demonstrators walked in . They were led by a man wearing a "  Black Lives Matter " T-shirt who shouted , "  This is what democracy looks like ! " 2010 census data show that North Charleston is 47 % black and 42 % white . The makeup of the city 's Police Department is unclear , though it 's been widely reported that 2007 federal figures indicated it was about 80 % black . Three of 10 City Council members are black . It 's unclear what Slager 's motivation was , or if race played a part in Scott 's slaying . "  We ca n't get into the brain of another individual , so we ca n't state that , " Scott family attorney Stewart said . "  I think it would be irresponsible to say that and try and inflame a community or anything of that nature . " If convicted , Slager could face life in prison or the death penalty . Who is Officer Slager ? An autopsy of Scott showed that he "  sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body , " and his death was the result of a homicide , the Charleston County Coroner 's Office said . Asked whether CPR was performed on Scott after Slager shot him , Driggers said : "  In the end of it  the video  , what I saw was  what I  believed to be a police officer removing the shirt of the individual and performing some type of life-saving  procedure  , but I 'm not sure what took place there . " When Scott 's brother Anthony saw the video , he was convinced Slager 's account of what happened was not true , he told CNN . "  There was not a struggle for the Taser , " Anthony Scott said . "  I did n't believe my brother would have done that anyway . " To Anthony Scott , the videotape shows his brother was "  running for his life " away from the officer . "  I think my brother was thinking he was not going to be shot , no one would have thought that , " Scott said . Family members have adamantly repeated that they do n't want protests over Scott 's slaying to become violent . And , so far , the demonstrations have been passionate but peaceful . Scott 's mother , Judy Scott , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that she feels "  forgiveness in my heart , even for the guy that shot and killed my son . " "  He was a loving son , a loving father , " she said . "  He cared about his family and ... no matter what happens , it will not replace my son . " Who was Walter Scott ? CNN 's Tony Marco , Ryan Scallan , Christine Bear , Tristan Smith , Martin Savidge , Brian Todd , Dana Ford , Sam Stringer and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Footage shows a traffic stop and early interactions between Officer Michael Slager and Walter Scott The two men speak , and then Scott gets out of the car , running Slager , charged with murder , was fired from the North Charleston Police Department
Producer 's note : To put it bluntly , there are not enough proper toilets in the world to keep up with spiraling population growth . Here , we met up with some bright minds on the campus of CalTech to see their "  toilet of the future . "	Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has launched "  Reinvent the Toilet Challenge " A group of Caltech student 's won the challenge in 2012
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Marxist guerrillas admit they recently killed eight Indians whom the rebels accused of collaborating with the Colombian government , media outlets reported Tuesday . In Bogota , Colombia , last week , Luis Evelis Andrade denounces the killings of Indians by FARC rebels . Human rights organizations and a state governor last week had accused the the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , better known as FARC , of killing at least 27 Awa Indians in southwest Colombia in the past two weeks . The FARC issued a statement dated February 11 saying the guerrillas detained and "  executed " eight people on February 6 in the town of Rio Bravo because the Indians were gathering information about the rebels to give to the Colombian military . The FARC statement was posted Tuesday by the New Colombia News Agency and Caracol Radio 's Web site . The statement said the guerrillas were not targeting indigenous populations but took the action "  against people who independent of their race , religion , ethnicity , social condition etc. accepted money and put themselves at the service of the army in an area that is the object of military operations . " The FARC communication also urged the Indians not to be manipulated by government officials who say the guerrillas are out to harm indigenous populations . "  They know of our respect for the civil community , " the statement said , adding that a government that "  never has looked out for these indigenous communities and has plunged them into war ca n't be their defenders . They are their executioners ! " Last week , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe called the FARC "  executioners " for killing Indians . "  Let the world know : The Democratic Security -LSB- forces -RSB- protect the indigenous because it is for all Colombians , " Uribe said . "  And the FARC deceive the country , they assassinate the indigenous . " The governor of Narino state , Navarro Wolff , said last week the FARC had killed 10 Awa in one incident a few days earlier and 17 others the previous week . Luis Evelis Andrade of the National Indigenous Organization of Colombia , known by its Spanish acronym ONIC , said the FARC had targeted the Awa because the Indians do n't want to get involved in the armed struggle and refuse to reveal information on government troop actions . Speaking on Caracol TV , ONIC said the FARC has abducted 120 Awa since February 4 and 44 Awa have been killed this year . Others also shared their concern . "  We are very worried about the Awa community , " said Monsignor Gustavo Giron Higuita , the bishop of the city of Tumaco . "  It is a community that is pretty unprotected and that in the past five years has received a type of persecution by armed groups . " The Awa , he said , "  are pacifist , want respect of their organization and want to regain their traditions . We have been accompanying them in this process , and that 's why this hurts so much . " Colombian Attorney General Alejandro Ordonez Maldonado ordered the nation 's human rights commissioner to launch an investigation and take steps to help the Awa . The Human Rights Watch organization said Wednesday that the guerrillas tortured some of the Awa before killing them with knives . "  These cruel killings violate the most basic principles of human decency and dignity , " said Jose Miguel Vivanco , the Americas director at Human Rights Watch . "  There is no possible excuse or justification for these horrific actions . " Monsignor Ruben Salazar Gomez , the president of the Episcopal Conference of Colombia , joined last week 's chorus of criticism , calling the killings a "  very grave ... crime the whole country should condemn . " New York-based Human Rights Watch said in a release that group members have made numerous visits to Narino , which is one of Colombia 's 32 departments , or states . Narino is in southwest Colombia , on the Pacific Ocean and the border with Ecuador . The area has a heavy presence of various armed groups and Colombian military forces and has among the worst human rights conditions in Colombia , the human rights group said . The Awa territories have been particularly affected . The Colombian government has issued a "  risk report " warning that civilians in the region are in danger . The FARC is said to have "  confined " some villages , cutting them off from the outside world and not allowing anyone to enter or leave . The FARC , the largest and oldest guerrilla group in Colombia , has been waging war against the government since the 1960s . Security analysts say the FARC has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters , mostly in rural areas . The guerrilla group operates mostly in Colombia but has carried out extortion , kidnappings , bombings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador .	Statement from rebel group FARC takes responsibility for slayings of 8 Indians FARC says the victims were "  executed " for helping Colombian government Indians say FARC targets them because they want to stay out of armed struggle Human Rights Watch says rebels tortured some Indians before killing them
CNN  -- A New York judge on Thursday postponed a ruling on whether a former judge 's self-professed racial bias led him to wrongly convict a man of murder nearly 15 years ago . The case is being revisited because former New York Supreme Court Judge Frank Barbaro , a longtime champion of civil rights , has since said he believes he denied a fair trial to a white man who claimed he killed a black man in self-defense . Barbaro now says that in the years after he convicted and sentenced Donald Kagan , his decision began "  haunting " him . Testifying during a hearing in December on a motion to set aside the conviction , the former judge said he was convinced at the time that the defendant who stood before him was a racist who wanted to kill a black person . As a result , Barbaro now says , he ignored evidence that Kagan had acted out of fear and not hatred . New York City Criminal Court Judge ShawnDya L. Simpson on Thursday continued the case until September 22 . Simpson , who presided at the December hearing , already had postponed making a ruling in the case twice this year . Defendant said he was armed out of fear In a bench trial in October 1999 , Kagan said he was acting in self-defense when he shot Wavell Wint , 23 , during a confrontation at a Brooklyn movie theater 11 months before . Barbaro , who is white , did n't believe Kagan . The judge found him guilty of second-degree murder and criminal possession of a weapon . Kagan was sentenced to 15 years to life in prison , where he remains today . Barbaro , now 86 , said in an exclusive interview with CNN earlier this year , "  I could n't get out of my mind the look on the lawyer 's face when I said I found him guilty . And the defendant on the stand , like he was pleading to me , ` It just happened , it just happened , ' and that was sort of haunting me . " Kagan testified during the two-day trial in 1999 that he had been afraid of Wint , who was black . He said he came to the theater armed because the neighborhood had a reputation of being unsafe . Wint , according to the trial record , had been confrontational with a number of people that night before the encounter with Kagan . Wint was not armed . When their paths eventually crossed , words were exchanged and they scuffled . Wint was shot and killed , and Kagan was charged with murder . Barbaro landed the bench trial . Barbaro said it may have been his own reputation for fairness that persuaded Kagan to put his fate in the judge 's hands and not a jury 's . Barbaro : ' I think I made a mistake ' In his opinion , Barbaro wrote , "  The circumstantial evidence convinces the court that when -LSB- Kagan -RSB- , in response to -LSB- Wint 's -RSB- verbal taunts , pulled out his gun for the second and last time , he fully intended to kill -LSB- Wint -RSB- . " He said later that he did not give much weight to the self-defense argument presented by Kagan 's attorney . Barbaro always had his pulse on the cause of civil rights . He stuck up for the underdog in his personal life and professionally , as a lawyer and former state legislator , before becoming a judge . Was he so influenced by his civil rights passions that he had assumed the only reason Kagan shot Wint was because Wint was black ? Had he given Kagan a fair trial ? Patti Barbaro , the judge 's wife , told CNN earlier this year , "  He said , ' I really feel I need to revisit this case . I need to get the transcripts . I do n't feel comfortable with this . It 's been haunting me . ' " Finally , in 2011 , Barbaro called Kagan 's defense attorney Jeff Adler and made an amazing admission : "  I think I made a mistake , " he told him . He asked the attorney to send him the transcript of the trial . Very unusual motion for reversal After reading his own trial record , Barbaro came to the conclusion that in his quest for equality between the races , he completely ignored the trial evidence that had to do with Kagan 's claim of self-defense . He realized he really had n't considered whether Kagan felt an imminent fear for his life during the confrontation . That began the process of a lengthy new legal battle , with the defense filing a motion to set aside Barbaro 's murder verdict based on one of the most unusual claims the courts would ever hear : The trial judge was admitting he had not given the defendant a fair trial . The judge -- who by then had retired and no longer had jurisdiction in the case -- became , in effect , a witness for the defense of the man he had convicted years earlier . Texas ex-prosecutor denies wrongdoing in Willingham death penalty case Wint 's family : ` It 's not fair ' Barbaro testified at the December 2013 hearing and was cross-examined by the prosecution , who questioned the judge 's memory of events in an effort to discount his admission of racial bias . The family of Wavell Wint , including his now-grown son , attended that hearing , too . They were angry that the justice they felt they received with the verdict so many years ago could possibly be taken away . One month later , Wint 's family returned to court to hear arguments on the issue by both sides . In an impassioned plea , the prosecution told the court the conviction should stand , that 14 years ago Judge Frank Barbaro thoughtfully issued a very well-reasoned opinion . They said even if his personal beliefs colored his perception of the case , that was not grounds to overturn the verdict . "  It 's not fair , " said Carmen De Jesus , who was Wint 's girlfriend and the mother of his child . "  My son grew up without a father , it 's not fair . -LSB- Kagan -RSB- pulled out the gun and he murdered that man . " Wint 's family told CNN . After testifying last year , Barbaro said , "  It was n't difficult to come forward . It is painful to know I sent an innocent man to jail . " Kagan , now 39 , becomes eligible for parole in November . How much is a wrongful conviction worth ? NYC to pay man $ 6.4 million for wrongful conviction Astronaut 's mom helps overturn murder conviction Priest , nurse , lawyer : How he saved a man from death row	Decision on the verdict against Donald Kagan put off until September 22 Judge in 1999 case has shed doubt on the murder conviction he handed down He now says he was racially biased against the defendant , prompting review "  It 's not fair , " says girlfriend of Wavell Wint , who was shot by Kagan during a fight
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A dispute between federal immigration agents that left one of them dead and another injured in southern California prompted the head of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency to travel to the scene on Friday . Federal officials said the incident occurred during a counseling session regarding performance . Director John Morton traveled to Long Beach , where the confrontation occurred Thursday evening , "  The situation began ... as an incidence of workplace violence involving two federal agents in their office space , " said Steven Martinez , assistant director of the FBI office in Los Angeles . "  When the incident escalated , one agent fired several rounds at the other agent , wounding him . " A third colleague intervened and fired at the shooter , killing him , Martinez said . Kevin Kozak , 51 , a deputy special agent in the Los Angeles area , suffered multiple injuries and is undergoing treatment at a hospital . He is in stable condition . Federal agent Ezequiel Garcia , 45 , was killed during the incident . "  At this time , we believe this is an isolated incident and we believe the shooter was acting alone , " Martinez said . The investigation includes officers from the ICE , the Long Beach Police Department and the FBI . By Friday morning , the federal building had reopened to the public , said FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Lindy Hall contributed to this report	ICE Director John Morton is headed to Long Beach , California The federal building has reopened to the public FBI official says it looks like an isolated incident "  The situation began ... as an incidence of workplace violence , " FBI official says
New York  CNN  -- A long time ago , by technology standards , in this very galaxy , the founders of video game developer BioWare received a phone call . It was from Simon Jeffery , then the president of George Lucas ' LucasArts . In the early 2000s , BioWare happened to be looking for its next big adventure when Jeffery proposed they work on the first-ever "  Star Wars " role-playing game . BioWare jumped at the opportunity , and it led to a pair of the most celebrated "  Star Wars " console games , called "  Knights of the Old Republic . " On Tuesday , the studio released "  Star Wars : The Old Republic , " the latest and most ambitious product of this so-far decade-long partnership . In this sprawling , much-anticipated computer game , millions of Jedi Knights , bounty hunters and other familiar warriors from the movies can roam and battle on their home planets , and then hop in spaceships to travel the galaxy . The "  Old Republic " games are set thousands of years before the events in the movies , when Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader battled for galactic dominion . At the partnership 's inception , LucasArts gave BioWare the option to create games with characters from the films or set during another time , said Ray Muzyka , a BioWare founder who is now the general manager of its various studios . Executives chose the latter so that the BioWare team could exercise its own creativity . The creative juices flooded for "  The Old Republic , " which has planets full of monsters and gems , and about 1,000 actors reading 260,000 lines of dialogue for characters in the game . To build this massively multiplayer online game , BioWare has been hiring industry veterans to work at its Austin , Texas , studio over the past few years . "  It 's kind of like building a whole bunch of -LSB- console games -RSB- and then building an Xbox Live service , " Muzyka said . "  This is definitely the biggest game that BioWare has ever built . " It is also the biggest that Electronic Arts , the U.S. game publishing giant , has ever funded , analysts have said . EA has spent between $ 100 million and $ 300 million , according to analysts ' estimates reported in Reuters . EA acquired BioWare in 2007 , when work on "  The Old Republic " was already under way . The project , and the trust BioWare had earned from LucasArts , played a role , Muzyka said in an interview here after ringing the Nasdaq opening bell on Tuesday , flanked by people dressed in Stormtrooper and Wookie costumes . Still , LucasArts reviews all of BioWare 's concepts and designs , and occasionally overrules them , Muzyka said . Around the time of the EA acquisition , Activision Blizzard 's massively multiplayer online game , "  World of Warcraft , " was skyrocketing in popularity , while Sony 's "  Star Wars Galaxies " faltered , leaving an opening for its replacement .  EA published "  Galaxies " in Japan , but the game 's worldwide servers were shut down for good a week ago . In addition to the initial $ 60 price tag , "  The Old Republic " costs $ 15 per month , same as "  World of Warcraft . "  The price goes down a dollar or two when committing to longer subscriptions .  The game companies justify these fees by citing the expenses of Internet server upkeep , and of delivering new missions and items on a regular basis . This idea of constantly updating a game , even years after its debut , is new for BioWare because it has never made a game of this type before . The team has implemented a suite of data-analytics services so that it can review how people play and then tailor updates , Muzyka said . BioWare will need to stay attentive to players ' demands over time . A few people who started playing weeks ago during the beta period have already reached the maximum level of 50 . BioWare is not concerned that its gargantuan product has already been defeated . There are always some sleepless diehards , and developers can not pay attention only to them , BioWare co-founder Greg Zeschuk said in an interview . Already , BioWare execs have begun discussing new features they plan to add for teams and player battles , which may be released in quarterly updates , according to Muzyka . Execs are eager because BioWare has been preparing for this type of game for more than a decade . "  We thought about doing this back in the early years of BioWare , " said Muzyka , who started the studio with Zeschuk in 1995 . "  We wanted to have all of the best-of-breed features of any MMO out there . " "  The Old Republic " passed the first test at launch . The servers remained steady under the initial surge . But will the Force stay with them ?	BioWare says "  The Old Republic " is the biggest game it 's ever built The "  Star Wars " game has 260,000 lines of dialogue Studio heads are already mulling over which new items they 'll add
CNN  -- Police say they are searching for 16-year-old Kara Alongi , a missing New Jersey girl who generated big buzz on social media with a post about a possible intruder . "  There is somone in my hour ecall 911 , " she posted on Twitter at 6:20 p.m. Sunday before she went missing . It is believed she meant "  someone in my house , call 911 . " The comment spawned a flurry of activity on the social networking site , with thousands using the hashtag , #helpfindkara . The girl 's Twitter account had also netted nearly 100,000 followers by mid Monday . No foul play is believed to be involved , said Clark , New Jersey , Police Chief Alan Scherb , who added that there were no signs of forced entry and nothing missing from the home . But the teen 's post drew national attention , with several people posting her photo in hope of locating her , as well as broader speculation about what may have transpired "  A girl named kara got kidnapped tonight in my town . if you ALL could RT this , that 'd be amazing , " said Twitter user "  Joshua , " whose user name is @chommikk . "  RT " means "  retweet , " or forward the message . Police say there is no indication of a kidnapping . The series of posts also prompted indignation from social media users like Jill Brown , whose username is  $	Police say someone called a taxi company asking for a car at Alongi 's address The driver identified Alongi as the girl he picked up and took to a train station , police said The teen 's post drew national attention and big buzz on social media No foul play is thought to have occurred
CNN  -- Radical Islamists are compiling a list of unmarried mothers in northern Mali , raising fears of cruel punishments such as stoning , amputations and executions , a senior United Nations official said . Islamists controlling most of the north have vowed to impose a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Local radical groups have said the law condemns relationships outside marriage . The U.N. assistant secretary-general for human rights , who just returned from a visit to Mali , said there are reports Islamist groups are compiling lists of women who have had children out of wedlock , or who were unmarried and pregnant . "  The threat is there , it 's real and people live with it and they are afraid of those lists , " Ivan Simonovic said this week . "  This could indicate that these women are at imminent risk of being subjected to cruel and inhumane punishment . " In July , Islamists forced a man and a woman into two holes and stoned them to death for committing adultery as terrified residents quietly watched in remote Aguelhok town . Extremists have conducted public executions , amputations , floggings and other inhuman and degrading punishments , Simonovic said . European official : Al Qaeda threat in northern Africa ` spreading ' Women and children face greater risk , he said . More women in the region are ending up in forced marriages . And with wives costing less than $ 1,000 , husbands are also reselling the women , according to Simonovic . He said the process is "  a smokescreen for enforced prostitution and rapes " occurring in the region . "  Civil and political rights are being severely restricted as a result of the imposition of a strict interpretation of sharia law , and systemic cruel and inhumane punishments are being implemented , " Simonovic said . The militants are also buying children and enlisting them as soldiers , paying their families $ 600 -- a major incentive in a country where more than half the population lives on $ 1.25 a day , he said . In addition , the Islamists have also banned smoking , drinking , watching sports on television and listening to music . "  We do n't have to answer to anyone over the application of sharia , " Islamist commissioner Aliou Toure said in August . "  This is the form of Islam practiced for thousands of years . " Mali plunged into chaos in March after a military ruler overthrew the president , shaking one of West Africa 's most stable democracies . The coup leader stepped down in May and transferred power to a civilian transitional government , but uncertainty looms . Ethnic Tuareg rebels and Islamist militants took advantage of the chaos to seize the northern portion of the country . Months later , two groups with ties to al Qaeda toppled the Tuareg movement . The two groups now control two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . West African states and the nation 's transitional government have asked the U.N. Security Council to authorize the military intervention to oust the radical groups . The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution Friday that gives regional leaders 45 days to provide specific plans for an international military intervention to oust the rebels . In its resolution , the U.N. Security Council condemned human rights abuses by extremist groups , including "  hostage-taking , pillaging , theft , destruction of cultural and religious sites , and recruitment of child soldiers . " The primary responsibility to curtail abuses rests with the transitional government , but those outside the West African nation have a role to play as well , the Security Council said . A day before the resolution was approved , thousands marched in the capital of Bamako to back efforts to send international troops to the north . Jihadists are using the north for drugs and arms trade , to train recruits and plan new attacks , according to Alpha Moulaye Haidara , a leader of a group of northern Malians advocating action . "  It 's unacceptable what the Islamists have done , " said Papa Maiga , who attended the march . "  I 'm here to say Mali needs help , and I hope the international community listens . " Journalist Katarina H  ije contributed to this report .	Women are living in fear of cruel punishments such as stoning and executions In July , Islamists stoned a man and a woman to death for committing adultery Extremists control two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France Women are living in fear of cruel punishments such as stoning and executions
Washington  CNN  -- Another massive snowstorm barreled into the mid-Atlantic region Tuesday , as residents still reeling from a paralyzing weekend blizzard faced more of the same . Hundreds of flights were canceled , and airlines were waiting to see whether they would have to cancel more . No flights were expected to be operating Wednesday at Reagan National Airport or at Washington Dulles International , the Washington Airports Authority said . Federal workers and schoolchildren in the nation 's capital were told to stay home for a second consecutive day . The National Weather Service predicted another 10 to 20 inches of snow for northern Virginia , eastern Maryland and Washington beginning Tuesday afternoon and continuing through Wednesday . In last weekend 's blizzard , a record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Washington 's Dulles International Airport over two days , breaking the January 7-8 , 1996 , record of 23.2 inches . Are you there ? Share your winter weather photos , video If as severe as predicted , the new storm will be the third major snowfall to hit the nation 's capital and surrounding region in slightly more than seven weeks . In Washington on Tuesday , out-of-towners Susan Martin and Robert Travers told CNN affiliate WJLA they had just flown to the city for a conference , but learned when they arrived that the conference had been canceled . Flights that would take them home from Reagan National Airport had been canceled , too . "  We probably wo n't get a flight back out of here until Thursday . That 's what they 're telling us , " Martin told WJLA . WJLA.com : People stranded at Washington airports , train stations It was not expected to begin snowing in some areas until Tuesday night or Wednesday . Forecasters said Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , could be slammed with 3 to 7 inches Tuesday and an additional 8 to 12 inches on Wednesday ; Washington , 4 to 8 inches on Tuesday night and another 3 to 7 inches Wednesday ; 5 to 8 inches Tuesday and 3 to 5 on Wednesday in Boston , Massachusetts ; and 2 to 4 inches Tuesday and 6 to 10 inches Wednesday in New York . Snow coverage from CNN affiliate WBAL Delays of 30 minutes were reported for some flights at Chicago , Illinois ' , O'Hare International Airport , where more than 600 flights were canceled . Most of the flights at Midway Airport also were canceled , according to Gregg Cunningham , spokesman for the Chicago Department of Aviation . Southwest Airlines was expecting to resume its normal schedule Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. , he said . Travelers should confirm the status of their flights by checking their airline 's Web site before departing for the airport , he advised . Delta Air Lines canceled 375 flights , including regional flights , in various locations Tuesday , spokesman Anthony Black said . He said a decision would be made Tuesday evening on any Wednesday cancellations . American Airlines canceled 80 flights into and out of Washington and Philadelphia , spokesman Tim Wagner said . American and Delta said they had pre-emptively canceled 120 flights for Wednesday for both cities . US Airways canceled 135 mainline flights and 307 US Airways Express flights systemwide , spokesman Andrew Christie said . He said the airline has canceled 380 mainline flights and 1,042 US Airways Express flights . Snow causes more headaches for travelers The storms were taking a financial toll on local governments . Alexandria , Virginia , spent more than $ 1 million for the massive snowstorm that hit the region in December , budget analyst Morgan Routt said , and the city was still cleaning up after last weekend 's storm . "  So , you can imagine , that 's costing even more , " he said . "  We 've had people working around the clock . " The city , whose fiscal year runs from July 1 to June 30 , generally budgets $ 790,000 annually for snow removal . That covers the costs of equipment , personnel , contractors , materials and supplies . For the 2009 year ending in July , Routt said , the city spent only $ 485,000 . Part of this year 's costs are reimbursable by the federal government because the governor declared a snow emergency , he added . All Washington National Guard full-time personnel were asked to report for duty Tuesday morning and expect to stay for two or three nights , helping with emergency response operations . Elsewhere , crews worked 24-hour shifts to clear roads and repair power lines , warning that it might take days to restore electricity to some customers from Pennsylvania to Virginia . In Mount Penn , Pennsylvania , about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia , many people were using the space between last week 's storm and the approaching one to fix snowblowers , CNN affiliate WFMZ reported . Dave Swope , who has worked at Leinbach 's Hardware in Mount Penn for 25 years , said Tuesday he has never seen so many people wanting to fix their snowblowers at the same time . "  We got people yesterday asking us how to start them , how to turn them on , " Swope told WFMZ . "  They just have n't used them in years , and then the knowledge goes away . " WFMZ.com : Snow blowers piled up for fixing before storm CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Airlines cancel hundreds of flights in Chicago , Northeast Another 10 to 20 inches of snow forecast for northern Virginia , eastern Maryland Federal workers , students in Washington told to stay home Tuesday Record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport over weekend
Dorchester , Massachusetts  CNN  -- President Barack Obama insisted Tuesday that education spending needs to be spared from the growing drive for fiscal austerity , telling an audience of students and teachers in Massachusetts that cutbacks would ultimately prove self-defeating . "  We need to come up with a budget that forces government to live within its means , " Obama said . But we "  can not cut back on job-creating investments like education . " The president stressed the need for blending public education reform -- including greater accountability -- and higher spending . "  We have a moral and economic imperative to give every child a chance to succeed , " he declared . "  A budget that sacrifices our commitment to education is a budget that sacrifices our country 's future . " Obama delivered his remarks at TechBoston Academy in Dorchester , a largely minority urban Boston neighborhood with traditionally higher unemployment and other economic woes . The academy , which opened in 2002 as a partnership between the public schools , private business and philanthropists , boasts a graduation rate roughly 20 percentage points higher than schools in the Boston area as a whole . Ninety-four percent of students from TechBoston 's most recent graduating class went on to college . The president praised the school -- which has a longer academic year and strict academic requirements -- as a model for the rest of the country . Obama 's proposed budget for fiscal year 2012 includes an 11 % hike in federal education spending , to more than $ 77 billion . A number of GOP congressional leaders are seeking to reduce federal spending on education , with many arguing it should be primarily a state and local concern . Among other things , the administration has made a pledge to prepare an additional 100,000 science , technology , math and engineering teachers by the end of the decade . The White House also is pushing to make permanent the American Opportunity Tax Credit , which is worth up to $ 10,000 for four years of college . Obama has also asked Congress for $ 900 million for a new round in the Race to the Top competition , which rewards states and localities that meet the administration 's standards for educational innovation and outcomes . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Obama warns that education cuts will undermine America 's economic future The president praises a Boston-area school for successfully implementing reforms Obama has proposed a double-digit increase for education spending in fiscal year 2012
CNN  -- You most likely know Pierce Brosnan from his work as 007 , but he 's actually been quite busy since his Bond days . Rom-com roles , quirky indie flicks here and there and spending time developing his own projects through his company Irish DreamTime gives you the sense that this is a guy who 's dedicated to not only the craft of acting , but also to working instead of coasting on any prior associations . For his latest project , a TV mini-series adaptation of Stephen King 's 1998 novel , "  Bag of Bones , " he portrays Mike Noonan , a writer who seems to be going slowly insane at a remote lake town after his wife 's death . It 's a typical King thriller , with a host of supernatural and psychological twists . As "  Remington Steel , " Brosnan got his start on the small screen so there 's no mystery as to whether he could pull it off -- but with the creativity found on television these days , the medium is ripe for a versatile workaholic like Brosnan . The actor recently spoke with CNN about his return to TV , how he brought King 's character to life and what he thinks of the Bond franchise now . CNN : "  Bag of Bones " is one of the first big returns for you to television since "  Remington Steele . " Brosnan : I have n't done TV in a good number of years . But I 've been saying to my agent , "  Look , please do not rule out TV . I enjoy it , I started my career there , it 's such fertile ground . " So , I got "  Bag of Bones . " The timing was great , I love Stephen King ... I 'd done one of his short stories a long time ago , called "  The Lawnmower Man . " CNN : What 's exciting about this medium to you these days ? Brosnan : It 's a corporate world out there in the world of movie making . It 's really hard to raise the finances , as a filmmaker myself . It 's just really hard going . I have two pieces with my own company , Irish DreamTime that are in development , that we just got the writers on and just got the heads-up from the studio . Two shows that I would be in from time to time . It 's just interesting work out there . We 've started writing the scripts ... I do n't really want to talk about them right now , it 's a little bit premature . The one that 's going to be a half-hour show , it 's very cool . Comes from the world of "  Dexter , " it has a sick attitude about it . TV is very exciting ; it 's get in , get out . This particular piece , "  Bag of Bones , " happened so quickly . I had two weeks off before the last job I had , before moving into this . You can come away from a day 's work absolutely exhausted , but exhilarated , because it 's so fast . CNN : What 's critical to bringing a King story to screen ? His world 's are so rich as you 're reading it , but for a visual medium , it 's different . Brosnan :  Director  Mick Garris is the one you have to tip your hat to . He 's extremely prepared and passionate and knows the King world so well . King trusts Nick implicitly . Garris and I did n't talk too much about it . It was fairly self-evident what had to be done with the story . At first I thought it was overly written with stage directions and it kind of irked me where it was telling me how to act here . As the piece wore on , the weeks went by , I realized more and more of the stage direction . CNN : There 's not a lot of dialogue between you and other characters . It was more the inner-conflicts that we see play out . How does one approach a role like that ? Brosnan : The first three weeks it was just me in a house . It was like "  Diary of a Madman . " There was only one person on the call sheet and that was me . That was a unique way to work and I actually found it extremely pleasant ; I did n't have to deal with any other actors  laughs  . I could just have my own timing and my own emotional world , all to myself . That only goes so far . It 's hard to articulate how I got there , but it 's somewhat like "  Diary of a Madman . " CNN : Portraying fear is a critical aspect of a King story . How difficult is that ? Brosnan : I did n't really have time to worry about that . How many ways can portray fear , things that go bump in the night , or how many expressions do you have up your sleeve ? That 's when you have to rely on the director , that he 's going to be in the right place to get that look . CNN : How did the book translate to screen ? Brosnan : It 's pretty much there ; I think it 's better than the book . I found the book , at times , kind of slow and I thought the script had such a snap to it . You enjoy the sharp left turns that come at you . CNN : Does Stephen King consult on something like this ? Brosnan : I think there was a great rapport between Garris and him . He did n't come down . I called him up before I went off to shoot it , just to say hello and get his blessing , so to speak . Stephen King is Stephen King . There 's only one of him . He always has a point of view . CNN : Have you been following the "  Bond " franchise ? Brosnan :  Daniel Craig  is one great Bond . Certainly does a magnificent job . CNN : He 's a tough one . A tough dude . Brosnan : He 's a tough dude . They have to . Big competition with "  Bourne Identity " and one thing or another . He 'll be right as rain . "  Bag of Bones " is a two-part mini-series that airs Sunday December 11 and Monday December 12 on A&E .	Pierce Brosnan stars in a TV mini-series adaptation of Stephen King 's 1998 novel , "  Bag of Bones " He portrays a writer who seems to be going slowly insane at a remote lake town Brosnan has words of praise for the actor currently playing James Bond
Ann Arbor , Michigan  CNN  -- There have n't been many times when I have been at a loss for words when conducting an interview as a medical reporter . This was one of those moments . The man cleared his throat , after ignoring the question I just asked him . "  You want to know what I think ? " he said loudly . "  I do , " I replied . "  Is that what this is about -- you want to know how I really feel , what makes me tick ? " he said even louder . I nodded as calmly as I could . "  Let me tell you something , " his voice trailed off . He paused and looked momentarily distracted . He gave a long , hard look at his lawyer , who was standing right behind me . He shivered a little bit and bunched up his powder blue sweater . "  I have no regrets , none whatsoever , " he said . It was windy outside , but it was also over 90 degrees in sunny Ann Arbor , Michigan . I was now sweating , and he was ... well , cold . He shifted his gaze from his lawyer back to me . "  Sanjay , you want to know the single worst moment of my life ? " That was n't the question I asked , but in fact I was curious to know the answer . "  OK , " I replied -- a little uneasily . He smiled now and said in a very deliberate , almost staccato voice : "  The single worst moment of my life ... was the moment I was born . " And , we had officially begun my sit-down interview with Dr Jack Kevorkian . We were in Ann Arbor because we both attended the University of Michigan Medical School . I graduated in 1993 and the 82-year-old Kevorkian in 1952 . We found his class picture in a long hallway connecting the medical school to the University Hospital . As he shuffled toward the picture , he leaned in to me and said , "  I am not a sentimental person . " Still , he had a glimmer in his eye when he identified the younger and more handsome version of himself . I was about to ask him about the other members of his class , when he started pointing at various student pictures . "  Dead ... dead , dead , " he repeated over and over . He was bringing me up to date on the status of his classmates . "  Dead , dead , " he paused and cracked a smile . "  This guy here ... he wanted me in jail . " I looked over , pointed , and asked , "  This guy ? " "  No ... but , he probably did as well , " Kevorkian replied . He then laughed and shuffled off again down the hallway . I did n't know what to expect when I was planning this interview . I had read everything I could find about him , including two books he had written while in prison . I had watched the documentary that will premiere June 28 on HBO and the recent docudrama with Al Pacino , for which , he told me , he received "  not a penny . " He lives in a small apartment in Royal Oak and has recently adopted a caloric-restriction diet , eating around 500 calories a day , he says . Kevorkian had sprung onto the national scene right about the time I was starting medical school . He fascinated my parents , and during the rare occasions I attended a cocktail party with them , the conversation among their friends seemed to always turn to him . He invoked strong emotions in so many people he had never met . "  During your interview for medical school , right there in that building , when they asked you , ` Why do you want to be a doctor ? ' what did you answer ? " I asked . "  What did you answer ? " he replied somewhat harshly . Throughout the two-and-a-half hour interview , he fluctuated wildly between being downright combative and hostile to being sweet and fatherly . It was almost as if he desperately wanted me to understand all the decisions he had made in his life . By this point , I knew he was just asking me rhetorically , so I waited patiently for him to collect himself . "  I told them all the stuff they wanted to hear . Oh , I want to heal people and I want to join medicine , because it is the noblest of all professions ... noble , yeah right . " "  Is medicine a noble profession ? " I continued . "  What do you think ? " he once again fired back . I waited . "  No , it is not , " he finally answered . Dr. Jack Kevorkian is as opaque a person as I have ever met . But despite his crazed rants -- often about the Ninth Amendment to the Constitution , complete with a defense of James Madison and trashing of Thomas Jefferson  that guy ... he just took all the credit !  -- Kevorkian still knows how to make a point . Not surprisingly , he strongly advocates assisted suicide , or euthanasia , or what he calls "  patholysis . " Terms matter to Kevorkian , and this is the term he prefers when describing the "  medical procedure " he performed on at least 130 people , by his own count . "  Path means disease or suffering , " he said to me . "  And lysis , means destruction , " I said . "  Exactly , " he answered . Patholysis , he repeated . The destruction of suffering . As we walked around campus , Kevorkian drew a lot of attention . Many stopped to say hello , ask for an autograph or take a picture . He spent time with every person , asking about them and their role at the university . It was about an hour into the interview when I realized Kevorkian was trying to make a broader point . It started when I cited a study about the people he had "  patholysed . " "  It says here that in at least five of the people , there was no evidence of any disease on autopsy . " I let that hang in the air for a second . He seemed a little stunned that I had found this study . He shook his head slightly , and looked again at his lawyer , with no intention of addressing the point I had just made . "  Recently , I had three former CEOs of companies -- perfectly healthy -- who called me up and told me they wish to die . " He let that sink in . It was my turn to be stunned . "  So ... what did you do ? What did you tell them ? " I asked gently . "  No , nothing , " he said with a dismissive wave of his hand . "  I did n't do anything , but people have their rights . " I realized this was what he had building up to for some time . This was n't just about assisted suicide ; this was about upholding the ability for people to do whatever they wanted to do , without interference from doctors , the states or the federal government . That the rights of the masses should not impede on the rights of a few . Someone once told me that was the "  gist " of the Ninth Amendment , and it is something that has helped inform Dr. Jack Kevorkian 's thinking and his life . Turns out he did have some regrets , which he told me about . He wishes he 'd treated his parents better , and his sister , he said quietly . He also is deeply resentful that the Supreme Court never heard his case , which he felt was a constitutional one . "  That is what they are for ! " For a moment , I had finally penetrated inside the head of Kevorkian , and it was a lucid , well thought-out , and somewhat frightening place to be . And , perhaps he was right about Madison as well -- he really did n't get enough credit for contributing to the Constitution . "  In times of desperation , people may make decisions they regret , " I started up again . "  This is n't about deciding whether you want frozen yogurt or ice cream . These decisions about patholysis are ... forever . " He agreed with that point , but quickly pointed out that he obtained mental health exams on all of his patients before agreeing to proceed . He also thoroughly reviewed medical records -- about what he was looking for exactly , he was less forthcoming . Fact is , he says he turned down "  many " patients who had requested his services . And , for what it is worth , he never charged . A family member had once sent repeated checks to him after Kevorkian assisted in his wife 's suicide , and he kept sending the money back , he told me . I did ask Kevorkian about his reflections on his own mortality . "  I am not ready to die , " he answered . "  I have purpose in my life and three missions , " he added . He wants to tell mankind about "  impending doom . " He worries that our culture of overabundance will soon lead to the extinction of the human race . "  I am not going to be too popular for that one . " His second mission is to educate people about patholysis . "  They just do n't get it in Oregon , " he said . "  Or in Washington state or Montana , the other states , " where assisted suicide has been legalized . In those states , a person has to be considered terminal in order to qualify for assisted suicide . "  What difference does it make if someone is terminal ? " he said . "  We are all terminal . " His third mission is to convince the American public that their rights are infringed upon each and every day -- and that the Ninth Amendment is not being upheld . Everything from banning smoking in public places , to assisted suicide , euthanasia and patholysis . By the end of the interview , Dr Jack Kevorkian was smiling a lot and thanking me for spending a day with him . He was back to the paternal , friendly Jack . We shook hands , and he hung on for a few extra seconds , looked me in the eyes and said , "  Thank you Sanjay . " I told him it was an honor to meet him , and hoped to see him again soon . As he shuffled away , I could n't help but think Kevorkian still invoked strong emotions in people -- but I also hoped that if the moment of his birth was the worst of his life that he had some good moments since then . Watch Sanjay Gupta MD Saturday at 4:30 pm and Sunday at 7:30 am ET . For the latest from Sanjay Gupta MD click here .	Dr. Jack Kevorkian says he has assisted in the suicide of at least 130 people Kevorkian prefers the term "  patholysis , " destruction of disease or suffering Says his case was a constitutional issue ; Supreme Court should have heard it Tells Dr. Sanjay Gupta , "  I am not ready to die . "
If you 're planning to donate sperm in Kansas , you may want to do it through a doctor . That 's one message from the case of William Marotta of Topeka . In 2009 , he noticed a Craig 's List advertisement from a lesbian couple , also in Topeka , seeking donated sperm . "  Intrigued " by the ad , he agreed to donate and says he delivered three cupfuls of his sperm -- gratis -- to the women , one of whom gave birth to a daughter . "  I donated genetic material , and that was it for me , " he told CNN affiliate WIBW . Or so he thought . That changed when the parents separated and one of the women stopped working because of illness and applied to the state for help , he said . The state contacted Marotta for child support . Kansas officials were not persuaded by what Marotta says were agreements he signed before making his donations that he would assume no financial responsibility for the child , who is now 3 years old . The Kansas Department for Children and Families said any agreement would not apply because a physician did not perform the insemination , which Marotta said was news to him . "  I did n't know that there was no doctor involved , " Marotta said Friday . His lawyer , Ben Swinnen , accused the state , where same-sex marriage is not legal , of being politically motivated in its pursuit of $ 6,000 from his client . "  The cost to the state to bring this case far outweighs any benefit the state would get , " he said . Marotta said he met the child once -- a few months ago -- when he and his wife by chance crossed paths with one of the girl 's parents at an area carnival . He said he had no intention of assuming a paternal role if he loses the case . "  I 'm not her parent , " he said . But under Kansas law , he is her father . Had a physician carried out the insemination , that would not be the case , because Marotta would be able to document that he was a sperm donor and not the lover of the girl 's mother , said CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen . "  For all they know , they were lovers , " she said . "  They need that documentation . He 's the dad ; he ought to be paying up . " Though a physician would have tested the sperm for sexually transmitted diseases and certain genetic disorders , there are disincentives associated with going through a physician . A single attempt at artificial insemination costs about $ 3,000 , and sometimes several tries are needed . "  It 's a lot cheaper to get someone to come on over with their donation , and then do it yourself at home , " Cohen said . Meanwhile , Marotta owes legal fees and has taken his story to the news media . "  If enough noise gets made about it , at this point , maybe things will change for the better , " he said . Asked whether , knowing what he now knows , he would answer the advertisement again , Marotta said , "  Probably not . " A different kind of fatherhood	"  I donated genetic material and that was it for me , " Marotta says Kansas says he should have gone through a doctor The case started with an ad on Craig 's List
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Throngs of people banged pots and pans Thursday , as they protested government policies in Argentina . The massive march was the latest in a series of "  cacerolazos , " protests named for the cooking pots participants hit to draw attention to problems they say are growing in the South American nation , including crime rates , inflation and political corruption . Many demonstrators said a key issue drove them to the streets : the possibility that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner could push through changes to the country 's constitution and run for re-election . "  The people got tired , they really got tired of the government 's lies , " said Arturo Feldman , a 23-year-old student who joined the protest near Buenos Aires ' iconic obelisk . Demonstrators there packed a 14-block stretch on the city 's central avenue , waving Argentinian flags and signs that said , "  Enough Insecurity , " "  No to Re-election " and "  Liberty . " It 's a scene that 's played out on the streets of Argentina 's capital for months . And on Thursday , it went global . The sound of clanking pans rang out in a Miami-area neighborhood known as Little Buenos Aires . Other marches were scheduled in international locations including New York , London , Madrid , Paris and Rome . Argentina 's La Nacion newspaper reported Thursday that protesters demonstrated in Sydney , Australia . Are you there ? Share your stories , images and videos In Miami , protesters waved signs that said , "  We are not afraid " and "  We do n't want a communist Argentina . " "  We are here simply to support all Argentinians , " organizer Christian Ferreyra told CNN en Espa  ol . Protester Romina Daviani said a variety of reasons , including high crime and inflation in Argentina , had brought them to the streets . "  But above all , the need for dialogue , " she said . "  We can not express ourselves . If you express a different opinion , they pursue you . " Police estimated about 300 people turned out in Miami . The protests , which started in Buenos Aires in June , have drawn sharp criticism from supporters of the Argentinian president . Many took to social media on Thursday to denounce the demonstrations . Some decry what they call a right-wing push to defame the president or overthrow the government . Others say protesters have no clear message . Argentina 's government has avoided directly acknowledging the protests . But on Thursday morning , Fernandez 's official Facebook page noted that her country is a democracy where people are free to express their opinions . "  So the only thing I ask is that to each Argentinian , and mainly their leaders , let everyone really say what they think and what they want for the country , with sincerity . Nobody is going to be offended or be bothered , " Fernandez wrote . "  Well , if there is a group that demands certain things , you have to take the lead and speak clearly . Now please , let no one pretend that I have become contradictory with my own policies , which I have defended since I was 16 years old , the policies and the country that I believe in . " Past demonstrations have been nonpartisan , but this time some opposition leaders have made their opinions known . Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri tweeted Monday that he planned to participate . Fernandez 's popularity has been in decline since her re-election last year , due in part to economic problems . Officially , Argentina 's annual inflation rate is 12 % , but most analysts and consumers suspect it is much higher . In September , the International Monetary Fund gave Argentina three months to provide more reliable estimates . Thursday 's protests come about a week after Argentinian lawmakers passed a new measure lowering the nation 's voting age from 18 to 16 . Some critics have said the voting-age change , a year before a key mid-term election in Argentina , is an attempt by Fernandez 's party to garner more votes and increase the odds that lawmakers will change the constitution to allow her re-election bid . Many demonstrators Thursday said they would oppose such a move . "  The constitution should be respected , not be reformed , " said Francisco Bugallo , who helped organize the Buenos Aires protest . Rosendo Fraga , a political analyst based in Buenos Aires , said that the cacerolazo protests will affect the country 's political future . "  They will without a doubt influence the mid-term elections . ... There 's a lot of time before those elections , " he said , "  but this gives the opposition an opportunity . " CNN 's Adriana Hauser , Jose Manuel Rodriguez , Gustavo Valdes and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Demonstrators pack a 14-block stretch in Buenos Aires The protests are known as "  cacerolazos , " named for the pots participants bang Protesters criticize President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's government "  The constitution should be respected , not reformed , " one organizer says
CNN  -- Ukraine and Dynamo Kiev striker Andriy Shevchenko is hanging up his football boots to begin a career in politics . Ahead of the October parliamentary election , the 35-year-old Shevchenko , who scored 48 goals in 111 caps for his country , is to join "  Ukraine -- Forward ! " , a pro-business party , which was formed by politicians who were expelled by the main opposition coalition that used to be led by former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko . "  It is certain , Dynamo Kiev is now my former club . This club , which I love with all my heart and I will always support , " the former AC Milan and Chelsea forward told the Dynamo website . "  I want to fulfill myself in politics and share the experience I gained in Europe , to do something for my country , " said Shevchenko , while visiting a children 's summer school with Ukraine -- Forward ! leader Nataliya Korolevska . "  I decided to join the team of Nataliya Korolevska because Ukraine -- Forward ! is a party of the future , it is a party of young leaders . "  In politics , I plan to support the social sector and sport . After all , my main slogan is a healthy mind in a healthy body . " Shevchenko , who began and started his career with Dynamo Kiev , made his final appearance for the national team at Euro 2012 , which Ukraine co-hosted with neighbours Poland . He is not the first Ukrainian sportsman to enter national politics . Heavyweight boxer Vitali Klitschko has his own political party -- the "  Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform " -- and is expected to be a serious contender in October 's elections .	Former AC Milan and Chelsea striker Andriy Shevchenko retires from football The forward has joined the political party "  Ukraine - Forward ! " Shevchenko hopes to "  share the experience I gained in Europe " World boxing champion Vitali Klitschko has already founded a political party
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Some 700 people have been killed in clashes with Islamic militants in Nigeria , a military commander told CNN . Bodies of hard-line Islamic rebels killed in battle lie in a Nigerian city . Civilians and troops also have died . The fighting in the northeast Nigerian town of Maiduguri began with attacks by the Muslim militants on police and government targets , starting a week ago . Col. Ben Ahonotu , commander of the operation to combat Islamic militants , gave the new total . Previous reports said at least 400 rebels , troops and civilians had died in the region , including Borno , Yobe , Kano and Katsina states . Maiduguri is in Borno state . Ahonotu did not elaborate or provide further information , and it was unclear whether the 700 was in addition to the previous death toll . Attacks on police and government targets have been reported throughout the region . Boko Haram , an Islamist sect , wants the government to impose Islamic law , known as sharia , in the entire Muslim-dominated northern half of Nigeria . Sharia is already practiced in some northern states , but the sect wants even tougher religious laws and also opposes Western education . The southern half of Nigeria is predominantly Christian . A Boko Haram leader , Mohammed Yusuf , was reported captured Thursday by the military , but was found dead after he was turned over to police . Human rights groups are seeking more information on his death , and have also expressed concern about civilian casualties .	Hard-line Muslim militants fighting government troops in northern Nigeria Militants want strict Islamic law , or sharia , in entire north of country Unclear if 700 includes 400 deaths of rebels , troops and civilians reported before North of Nigeria predominantly Muslim ; south is Christian
CNN  -- If you 're looking to unload your current iPhone or other smartphone , now 's the time . Beating the potentially millions of folks who will be buying a new iPhone and selling their old one could put more money in your pocket . With Apple virtually certain to announce a release date for the next-generation iPhone next week , lots of current iPhone owners  always an excitable bunch  are no doubt counting down the minutes -- and wondering what to do with their current phones . While some retailers offer discounts for a trade-in  Radio Shack was offering $ 100 for some previous models when the iPhone 4 was released  , Apple stores and their designated carriers generally do n't give back as much cash , or credit , as an owner might earn outside the store . But a growing online resell market has emerged to give folks another option . Between now and Monday , the day before Apple has scheduled an iPhone-related event , one of those sites , Nextworth , is offering $ 250 for 16GB and 32GB iPhone 4s that are in good shape . The company , which also has trade-in programs at some retail stores , bills itself as a way to get value out of your aging electronics while keeping the products out of landfills , where they can cause environmental problems . The services wipe all data from your phone as soon as they get it , they say . Nextworth , and others like them , refurbish used electronics and resell them . In the case of items like the iPhone , they sell them in countries where the items are typically unavailable , presumably bringing a healthier price . Gazelle.com is offering $ 250 for a 32GB iPhone 4 in "  flawless " condition and $ 169 for one in good condition . Got a busted model ? It 'll give you $ 85 for one even if it wo n't turn on or is physically damaged . Of course , there are always the direct-sale sites like eBay and Craigslist . You might earn more in exchange for the hassle of posting , selling and delivering the phone yourself . Folks were selling 32GB iPhone 4s on eBay on Friday for prices ranging from $ 245 to $ 634 . In Atlanta , people had listed 32GB iPhone 4s for prices ranging from $ 290 to $ 450 . We 're using prices on that model because it 's the top of the line . Older phones , like the 3GS , and 16GB and 8GB models obviously have a market as well , generally at lower prices  . Of course , the low-effort way to deal with a phone upgrade is to buy the new one at full price and just hold on to your current model . Even retired , your current phone can be a music player or Internet-surfing device when you have a Wi-Fi connection .	As iPhone 5 nears , resell market for current models emerges Sites like Gazelle , Nextworth offer up to $ 250 for used iPhone 4s There 's always eBay , Craigslist , etc. -- price might be better , but it takes more work Worst case , you can always make your current phone an iPod and Wi-Fi Web device
CNN  -- Bahrain 's Prince Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa has decided to decline an invitation to the royal wedding in London , citing the unrest in his country . Al-Khalifa wrote to Britain 's Prince William to let him know that with "  deep regret " he was declining his invitation . The decision was "  left for as long as possible in the sincere hope that ongoing events -- resulting from recent unrest in the Kingdom of Bahrain -- might have improved , leaving me able to join the celebrations of the House of Windsor and the family of Miss Middleton , without being overshadowed by issues in Bahrain , " Al-Khalifa wrote . Prince William is set to marry Kate Middleton on Friday . Protests swept the strategically important island kingdom earlier this year as populations across the Arab world rose up against their rulers . Bahrain , where the United States Navy 's Fifth Fleet anchors , is a small , predominantly Shiite country governed by a Sunni royal family . The Bahraini government has been criticized for its response , and some human rights groups have reported that authorities have raided hospitals and tortured doctors and patients in an effort to quell protests . The government denies the claims . The Bahraini prince has defended the government 's actions response to the protests . "  We were immensely concerned that some of our youth were pushed towards a destructive path and that the nation was drawn along with them , " Al-Khalifa said , according to an official transcript of a recent speech . "  We took necessary action to preserve lives and the livelihood and interests of all the people , based on our commitment to Islamic and Arab values , " he said . On Sunday , the crown prince said in a statement that he was "  saddened and troubled " by British media reports concerning his attendance at the royal wedding . Those reports "  fundamentally misrepresented " his views and outlook on the current crisis , he said . Al-Khalifa ended his note to the British royals by wishing "  Prince William and Miss Middleton all good wishes for Friday and every possible happiness for the future ahead . "	Prince Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa was invited to Prince William 's wedding He declined the invitation "  with deep regret " because of unrest in his country Prince says British media reports misrepresent his views on crisis in his country
CNN  -- Paris Hilton was released from a Las Vegas , Nevada , jail Saturday morning after being arrested late the night before on suspicion of cocaine possession , police said Saturday . The hotel heiress was riding in a black Cadillac Escalade which was pulled over in front of the Wynn Hotel on the Vegas strip at about 11:30 p.m. after police detected the smell of marijuana coming from the SUV , Lt. Wayne Holman told CNN . The driver , whom police identified as Cy Waits , was arrested for driving under the influence , he said . Waits is a Las Vegas nightclub mogul and the rumored boyfriend of Hilton . Hilton was taken to the Clark County jail . She was released after authorities determined she was not a flight risk , Holman said . "  This matter will be dealt with in the courts , not in the media , and I encourage people not to rush to judgment until all of the facts have been dealt with in a court of law , " Hilton 's attorney , David Chesnoff , said in a statement . Last month , Hilton was briefly detained in South Africa for allegedly smoking marijuana at the World Cup . Her publicist called the July 2 incident "  a complete misunderstanding , " and the case was dropped .	NEW : Her attorney urges people "  not to rush to judgment " NEW : Her rumored boyfriend was arrested for DUI , police say Paris Hilton faces drug possession charge
Dennis Eckersley is one of the greatest relief pitchers in baseball history , and he spent nine years of his career closing games for the Oakland A 's . So surely , if there is somebody out there who believed this current team could have a remarkable season like this , it 's him . Right ? "  Not a chance , " Eckersley said over the phone . Okay , fair enough . The A 's did lose 88 games last season , finishing a full 22 games behind Texas in the American League West standings . It would be hard to project that they 'd win that division before the season . But surely , if somebody could have believed that this ridiculously young team would take off at midseason and stun the Rangers in the final game , it would be a legend from the team 's glory days like Eckersley . Right ? "  Nope , " Eckersley , now an analyst for TBS , said over the phone . "  I mean , I did n't really buy into  this team  until a couple months ago . I think I got a call from somebody at the trade deadline who said , ` Do you still think they 're pretenders ? ' And I still thought they were ! " Eckersley is forgiven . The A 's magical season is so confounded , so unexpected , that you really do n't even know where to begin . It 's hard to even pick out the most mind-bending number related to their success . Is it 13 , the number of games back they were in the standings on June 30 , making their comeback to win the division one of the five biggest in baseball history ? Is it five , the number of games back they were just nine days ago , when their chances to make the playoffs at all , much less win the AL West , seemed borderline at best . Is it four , the number of runs they were down in the final game against the Rangers , before they scored the next 11 to storm back for a 12-5 win and a champagne-drenched celebration ? Is it .238 , the overall team batting average , which is the third lowest in all of baseball ? Or 15 , the number of rookies on the current roster ? Or 94 , the number of victories this team won ? For most , it 'll be this number : $ 55 million . That 's the entire A 's payroll , the second lowest in the major leagues . They are proving that , in an era when sports are big business and the biggest spenders are usually the biggest winners , that it 's possible to win without breaking the bank . That 's why , in the estimation of MLB Network analyst Sean Casey , "  They 're the best story in baseball . " Maybe this is a good spot for a quick history lesson : The A 's are hardly some plucky newcomer . They are one of the eight founding members of the American League , a franchise with roots in Philadelphia that adopted an elephant as its mascot because old New York Giants manager John McGraw called the team "  a white elephant . " It moved from Philadelphia to Kansas City to Oakland , in 1968 , and were known mostly for its eccentric owner Charlie Finley -- he changed the elephant mascot into a mule that paraded around the stadium -- until it emerged as a dynasty in the 1970s . Reggie Jackson . Catfish Hunter . Vida Blue . Those A 's won the World Series from 1972-74 , and after Finley sold the team , again in 1989 with the "  Bash Brothers , " Jose Canseco and Mark McGwire . That remains the franchise 's last championship , but it was n't the end of its relevance . Savvy general manager Billy Beane , knowing he had less money to pay players than other franchises , created a radical system for building his teams that relied less on traditional scouting and more on statistical analysis . That formula led to five postseason appearances in the early 2000s and was documented by the bestselling book "  Moneyball " and later a movie by the same name . Beane is still the GM , making the A 's perhaps the first franchise in sports history where the GM is more well known that any of the players -- Brad Pitt , after all , did play him in the movie . But Hollywood might soon wish it had waited , because this team might end up a better story . "  It 's the perfect storm with so many things coming together , " Eckersley said . "  I 'd like to see this thing go all the way to the World Series , you know , to do more than just get into the playoffs . " SI : Hottest hitters heading into playoffs Eckersley is most amazed by the young pitching staff . This is a staff entirely of rookie starters and none of them household names . Jarrod Parker and Tommy Milone won 13 games . Even the team leader in saves -- Grant Balfour -- has a name that suggests something other than pitching acumen . You wo n't find stars in the lineup , either . Josh Reddick led the team with 32 home runs and 85 RBI . Yoenis Cespedes led the way with a .292 batting average . Coco Crisp stole 39 bases . Jonny Gomes is the designated hitter and one of the few veterans in the clubhouse . "  It 's surreal , " first baseman Brandon Moss said on the A 's broadcast after they won the division . "  We 've enjoyed every step of the way . There was never any pressure on us . We were supposed to lose 100 games . " Maybe that 's part of it . Eckersley thinks so . "  It 's totally different when you 're a position when nobody expects you to win , " he said . "  I 've never been on a team like that in my life . " He might not have picked them before the season or during it , but Eckersley has had a change of heart . Pitching , he believes , is the key to any team winning the World Series and the Hall of Fame closer thinks the A 's have the arms to compete with anybody in the postseason . They 'll open in Detroit on Saturday in the division series , where once again they 'll face a team with twice its payroll and star power . But for once , at least , everyone will see them coming . TBS will have exclusive coverage of the first-ever Wild Card games on Friday , October 5 . The network will also be the exclusive home of up to 18 Division Series games and the entire American League Championship Series	Oakland A 's beat Texas Rangers 12-5 to nab the American League West title Wednesday marked the A 's first division crown in six years Entire team 's payroll is $ 55 million , second lowest in Major League Baseball Oakland A 's general manager Billy Beane was played by Brad Pitt in the film "  Moneyball "
Paris  CNN  -- It can sometimes take a lot to stir passions in France , but a shocking Facebook page and the stream of insults that followed have roused the French to a heated public debate about racism . The Facebook page belonged to a local candidate from the far-right National Front political party , and compared justice minister Christiane Taubira , who is black , to a monkey . The candidate was suspended but there were more , similar insults that followed -- including on the front page of a right-wing newspaper which featured the headline "  Clever as a monkey " alongside a photo of Taubira . The attacks on such a high-profile figure eventually led lawmakers across the political divide to rise up in support of Taubira -- but they have also led to a great deal of soul-searching over the extent of racism in France . Those who study the question , like historian Pap N'Diaye , whose father was from Senegal , says there is no question racism is growing . "  Racist attacks are on the rise in France , " says N'Diaye . "  And racist slurs that used to be absolutely uncommon are becoming more and more common , if not more accepted , in growing parts of French society . So there is a lot to worry about when looking at the situation . " In a country that takes pride and expends considerable energy to ensure that the principle of "  egalite "  equality  is strictly adhered to , there are some racial references practically embedded in the language and culture here . "  Negre " is the N-word in France , and it is used in ways that would raise eyebrows elsewhere . A "  negre , " for example , is a ghostwriter in French , "  tete de negre " is the name for a chocolate pastry , and "  petit negre " is the way one refers to poor or pidgin French . Opinion : Is France racist ? Abuse shocks nation But the recent rise of intolerance goes far beyond throwbacks to France 's colonial past . At Netino , a private company that moderates and deletes racial and other objectionable postings on internet forums , websites and social pages , CEO Jeremie Mani has watched a steadily growing hardening of language . Part of it , he believes , relates to the increasing license people feel to express on the web sentiments they might hold privately but would never bring up in direct conversation . But he also thinks part of it is due to growing racism among his countrymen : When the Taubira affair came along , Mani says he saw a 10 % spike in the number of racial slurs his company had to delete . Many here link more hostile attitudes toward immigration with the racism issue . But the far right National Front party is trying to separate the two . National Front Vice President Florian Philippot , who denies that his party is racist , says : "  Racism is not growing in France . " But in nearly the same breath he states flatly what analysts believe is the party 's major selling point : "  We need to end immigration . " The National Front 's anti-immigration platform has at least partly contributed to its growing popularity . The party was practically banished from political discourse at one point , but according to one recent poll , 42 % of those questioned said they would consider voting for a National Front candidate in the coming municipal elections . That news comes at the same time as the attacks on the justice minister -- and other recent incidents where racial slurs were hurled in public  on France 's football field , for example  -- have been enough to mobilize mainstream leaders and cultural figures here . There have been several rallies against racism and more are planned . Whether anti-racism demonstrations will be enough to change attitudes in France in the short term is another matter . Many like Pap N'Diaye believe a significant factor in the growing racism is the poor economy , as people try to find scapegoats responsible for the hard times . Until the economy improves , it seems doubtful that even widespread public chest-beating over the issue will have much effect . Opinion : Is France racist ? Abuse shocks nation	Spate of high-profile incidents raise racism fears in France Black justice minister Christiane Taubira subjected to monkey taunts online and in person France proud of notion of "  egalite "  equality  but experts say racism is on the rise
Kabul  CNN  -- A suicide bomber dressed as a security guard blew himself up Wednesday in a street near the U.S. Embassy in the Afghan capital , killing himself and two other people , authorities said . The attacker set off the explosives attached to his body around 8 a.m. after he was noticed by security guards in the neighborhood , said Sediq Seddiqi , a spokesman for the Afghan interior ministry . The blast took place in a district that houses international organizations , diplomats and senior government officials . Afghan authorities do n't know what the bomber 's intended target was , Seddiqi said . One of the people killed was a security guard and another was a civilian , Seddiqi said . One person was wounded in the attack , he said . Violent attacks are frequent across the country , where Afghan and NATO troops are battling an insurgency led by the Taliban . Kabul , where the Afghan government is based and many foreign organizations have heavily guarded headquarters , has n't been spared from the unrest . In September , a suicide bomber killed six people and wounded four others near the headquarters of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . And in April , Afghan security forces said they repulsed a wave of insurgent attacks in the capital and three other provinces . Buildings that came under attack included the Afghan Parliament and the American , German and Russian embassies .	The explosion happens in a district housing international organizations One security guard and one civilian are killed by the suicide bomber , who also died Violent attacks are frequent across Afghanistan , including Kabul
CNN  -- More than 1 million cancer deaths could be prevented around the world if more nations , particularly low - and middle-income countries , implemented known strategies targeting such deaths , two international groups say . It 's doable , according to the Union for International Cancer Control and International Agency for Research on Cancer , if countries adopt measures to meet the "  25 by 25 " targets the World Health Organization set last year . The targets aim to reduce premature deaths due to noncommunicable diseases by 25 % by 2025 . Cancer deaths total about 7.6 million worldwide each year . Of those , 4 million are in people ages 30 to 69 -- defined as "  premature " by the two cancer organizations . "  With the right strategies , at least 30 % of  all  cancer cases can be prevented based on current knowledge , " according to the Union for International Cancer Control . The groups made the announcement Monday , the eighth World Cancer Day . The Union for International Cancer Control -- the largest nongovernmental cancer-fighting organization with more than 760 partners in 155 countries -- organized the day to raise awareness among individuals and governments about cancer and cancer prevention . More than 450 events were held to raise awareness Monday , the group said . This year 's theme : to highlight and dispel myths and misconceptions about cancer , including that it is a "  disease of the wealthy , elderly and developed countries , " according to the organization . In reality , cancer affects those of all ages and income levels worldwide . More lives being saved : Cancer death rates drop 20 % In fact , "  more  cancer  deaths occur in lower and middle-income countries , than in high-income high cancer countries , even though there are twice as many cases in high-income countries , " said Peter Boyle , president of the International Prevention Research Institute in Lyon , France . Boyle is the main author of World Breast Cancer Report 2012 , which was published by the institute and funded by Susan G. Komen for the Cure . It was released Monday . According to his report , more than 1.6 million women worldwide will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year , compared with about 641,000 in 1980 . More than 425,000 will die from the disease each year . "  I was shocked by some of the things we found , " Boyle said , adding he believes there are various reasons why women in poorer countries are diagnosed late . Lack of treatment is one . He cites an example : In Bangladesh , there is one trained oncologist for 150 million people . There 's also a lot of stigma preventing women from seeking treatment . "  It 's a very , very sad thing , " Boyle said . For example , in Kenya and Uganda , 100 % of women seek help with advanced or metastatic breast cancer , said Boyle . Metastatic breast cancer means the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ; advanced breast cancer means it 's the most advanced stage of breast cancer that has not spread outside the breast . In both cases , a late diagnosis can impede efforts toward a cure . By comparison , the report said , "  It is calculated that less than 10 % of the breast cancer patients in the U.S. are diagnosed with LABC  locally advanced breast cancer  . Women in the United States are not immune from late diagnoses . " After cancer , my real fight began Julie Gerberding , a former director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , on Monday addressed the Global Women 's Cancer Summit in Washington , a gathering the Komen Foundation hosted . She described three women who died from cancer , either because they did n't know they had the disease or did n't take advantage of screening . They were her aunts , she said , and lived in the United States . Two had breast cancer , and one had cervical cancer . Gerberding said it 's a problem "  from Arkansas all the way to Zimbabwe . " "  We must get better at implementing what we already know , " said Gerberding , who is now president of Merck Vaccines . The summit launched its own "  25 " goal : to improve breast cancer survival and quality of life in 2.5 million women living in low - and middle-income countries by 2025 . So much could be done , Boyle said , if existing prevention screening techniques such as mammography and breast self-exams were used and existing treatments were available . He quoted the popular Nike slogan "  just do it . " "  If every woman in the world had adequate knowledge of breast cancer , had access to early diagnostic programs , had access to high-quality diagnostic services and  was  treated according to the most appropriate protocol for their particular disease , then breast cancer mortality would drop rapidly and significantly and have a profound effect on global women 's health , " according to the breast cancer report . Why I donated my bone marrow	Using what we already know can help prevent cancer deaths , experts say Monday was the eighth World Cancer Day Organizers aimed to dispel myths about cancer It 's a problem "  from Arkansas to Zimbabwe , " one expert says
CNN  -- World War I slaughtered and mutilated soldiers on a scale the world had never seen . It 's little wonder that its vast numbers of returning crippled veterans led to major gains in the technology of prosthetic limbs . Virtually every device produced today to replace lost body function of soldiers returning from our modern wars -- as well as accident victims , or victims of criminal acts , such as the Boston Marathon bombings -- has its roots in the technological advances that emerged from World War I . The war , which began nearly 100 years ago , produced its own crop of bionic men . In previous wars , severely injured soldiers often succumbed to gangrene and infection . Thanks to better surgery , many now survived . On the German side alone , there were 2 million casualties , 64 percent of them with injured limbs . Some 67,000 were amputees . Over 4,000 amputations were performed on U.S. service personnel according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs . How a century-old war affects you In all nations involved in the war an emerging generation of so-called "  war cripples , " as they were referred to in Germany , loomed ominously over the pension and welfare system , and many government bureaucrats , military leaders and civilians worried about their long-term fate . One solution was returning mutilated soldiers to the workforce . Various prostheses were designed to make that possible , pushing prosthesis manufacturing in many countries from a cottage industry towards modern mass production . In the United States the Artificial Limb Laboratory was established in 1917 at the Walter Reed General Hospital , in conjunction with the Army Medical School , with the goal to give every amputee soldier a "  modern limb , " enabling them to pass as able-bodied citizens in the workplace . While the United States remained the largest producer of artificial limbs worldwide , Germany 's prosthetic developments incorporated a particular quest for efficiency . German orthopedists , engineers and scientists invented more than 300 new kinds of arms and legs and other prosthetic devices to help . Artificial legs made of wood or metal , sometimes relatively rudimentary , and often recreating the knee-joint in some way , enabled leg-amputees to stand and move around unaided . Glass eyes and a variety of facial prostheses allowed those with defacing injuries to appear in public . For example , a galvanized and painted copper plate could fill in the missing eye socket and neighboring maxillary bone . A lost arm or hand was particularly difficult to replace . In the United States engineers had designed a mechanical arm for that purpose that came into wide use after the war . The so-called Carnes arm was not optimal for mechanical work , but it imitated the natural limb and was relatively easy to mass produce cheaply . It became a huge business success . How World War I gave us ` cooties ' In Berlin , the Test Center for Replacement Limbs evaluated prosthetic technologies , such as the Carnes arm . Positioned at the confluence of medicine , engineering and the new science of ergonomics , the test center offers a particularly striking example of the setting that made modern prosthetics possible . The center 's head , the engineer and professor Georg Schlesinger , was an adherent of Frederick Taylor 's "  scientific management " -- an approach that applied scientific methods to optimize work flows and labor productivity . His idea of a proper prosthesis was something functional and efficient , an exchangeable and mass producible replacement device that would fit with the human body . While earlier prostheses often tried to replicate body appearance , or to follow the inner structural plan of the original appendage -- its shape , muscles , sinews -- Schlesinger saw no need to do that . He reasoned that airplanes could fly without imitating birds ' wings , so why did prosthetics have to mimic arms and legs ? The Siemens-Schuckert-Works Universal Arm , invented in 1916 , was a remarkable example of functional efficiency . It was basically a tool-holder with interchangeable parts . Its "  hands " ranged from a simple hammer to cutlery with elongated handles to inserts whose ends could be attached to machines . It could serve the carpenter , farmer , draughtsman , locksmith , lathe-turner , cabinet-maker or tinsmith . Many of these prostheses literally merged man and machine , leaving the disabled man firmly attached to his work station . An amputee veteran would arrive at his work place in the factory , hook up the remaining part of his limb to the prosthesis , which in turn would be linked to one of the industrial machines in the factory . He would work for hours like this as a link in a functional kinetic chain . The image of men tied to their work resonates unsettlingly with Karl Marx 's prediction that the urban proletariat would one day become a mere "  appendage of the machine . " It 's an example of how military and industrial conceptions of the body were extended to dehumanize the body itself . Some visionaries , of course , embraced prosthetics as a means for human transformation , as if the body were a malleable object that could be dignified and enhanced by technology . And some thinkers go even further and interpret technological enhancement as a next step in human evolution . Reality might not be so far behind : In 2008 runner Oscar Pistorius , a double-leg amputee , sought to compete in the Bejing Olympics , but his running blades , made of carbon fiber and modeled after a cheetah 's leg , were seen by some as an unfair advantage . Four years later in London , he did compete in the Olympics , embodying a development that had its origins 100 years earlier , in World War I.	Thomas Schlich : The mutilation of soldiers in WWI led to revolution in prosthetic limbs He says engineers create limbs that would let vast crop of amputees into labor force Germany was at fore , creating prostheses that literally linked the man to his work station Schlich : Some see it as a kind of ` human evolution ; ' it set stage for advanced bionics
It was late in the day with the House oversight hearing on Benghazi winding down . On social media and elsewhere , there was conservative grumbling that Hillary Clinton was getting off relatively unscathed . Then came conservative Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina 's second round of questions . "  If anyone wants to ask ` What difference does it make ? ' it always matters whether or not you can trust your government , " Gowdy said , borrowing some words from the former secretary of state . "  And to the families , we 're going to find out what happened in Benghazi , and I do n't give a damn whose career is impacted , " Gowdy continued . "  We 're going to find out what happened . " Tough legitimate congressional oversight or partisan politics ? Leading Republicans say the former ; most Democrats the latter . Truth is , it is both . And as the Benghazi investigations continue , that presents both parties with challenges . For Republicans , if they want public support for continued hearings and questions beyond the GOP 's conservative base , the challenge is to stress the legitimate questions about the Obama administration 's response to the deadly attack on the U.S. consulate -- and its conflicting explanations of why it believes the attacks happened . House Speaker John Boehner served notice on Thursday that GOP pressure would not subside . The speaker said the administration should make public a series of e-mails and other records he said would provide key details about the attacks and the response . Boehner calls for White House to release Benghazi emails Among the records , he said , should be an e-mail from a top State Department official from the day after the attack . The e-mail , Boehner said , refers to "  Islamic terrorists " as carrying out the attack . "  A senior State Department official e-mailed her superiors that the Libyan ambassador , she had told the Libyan ambassador , the attack was conducted by Islamic terrorists . The State Department would not allow our committees to keep copies of this e-mail when it was reviewed , " Boehner said . The White House and its allies in Congress make the case that any confusion and conflicting information in the early hours and days after the attacks stemmed from the "  fog of war " -- not any deliberate effort to mislead the American people about the source of the attacks . Doomed Libya ambassador : ` We 're under attack ' Traveling in Rome , the man who replaced Clinton , Secretary of State John Kerry , said he was as determined as the Republican House leadership to answer any legitimate questions . "  I have already made it crystal clear to the chairmen of the relevant committees that I have assigned my chief of staff , David Wade , to be responsible for liaising with them to answer any questions that they have , " Kerry said . "  I am absolutely determined that this issue will be answered , will be put to bed . " "  And if there is any culpability in any area that is appropriate to be handled in some way with some discipline it will be appropriately handled . But that judgment awaits me in a report that will be forthcoming and I am confident that any recent evidence will be a component of that consideration , " Kerry said . Gregory Hicks , who became the top diplomat in Libya after Ambassador Christopher Stevens was killed , suggested at Wednesday 's House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing that he was demoted and otherwise punished or making it clear he believed the Obama administration was withholding or ignoring key facts about the Benghazi attacks and response . After hearing , Republicans say there 's more to story The committee chairman , California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa , said Democrats on the panel had shown little interest in finding the truth . In turn , committee Democrats , including ranking member Elijah Cummings of Maryland , said Issa and other GOP members were to blame for a reckless campaign designed to "  smear public officials . " Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , took the most direct heat because of her assertions in a Sunday television interview days after the attack that linked the attacks to a demonstration outside the Benghazi consulate . Hicks said there was no demonstration and that top State Department officials had been told that , and he told the committee he was "  stunned " and "  embarrassed " by Rice 's televised account . What the Obama administration has said about the Libya attack The administration concedes Rice spoke from flawed talking points , but insists the mistakes were born of understandable confusion . Many Republicans see it differently -- alleging the Obama White House , in the closing days of the presidential campaign , wanted to play down the idea of a successful , coordinated terrorist attack on a U.S. diplomatic post . "  I do think that was the political motivation behind it , " Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio said Thursday on Fox News . "  What I think is sad is how many people around the administration , including the former secretary of state , Secretary Clinton , knew this to be the case , and allowed this to move forward anyway . Mother of Benghazi victim : I blame Hillary "  You would 've hoped that people would have stepped up and said this was wrong and the American people deserve the truth . That did n't happen . " Democrats are quick to suggest it is Rubio playing politics , noting his own interest in a possible 2016 presidential campaign . Democrats make the same argument when asked about the harsh criticisms of Kentucky GOP Sen. Rand Paul , another potential 2016 Republican contender . Paul calls Clinton 's handling of Benghazi a "  dereliction of duty " that , in his view , disqualifies her from higher office . Boehner tried to take a less confrontational tone on Thursday , but nonetheless said the White House was refusing to make public e-mails and other documents he says show the political calculation behind the Rice TV appearance and other elements of the administration 's Benghazi response . "  The White House continues to claim it only made stylistic changes to talking points used by Susan Rice , ignoring the fact that senior White House officials directed the changes being made " to those talking points , Boehner said . Conservative media outlets also clearly see an opportunity to raise questions about Clinton that could be a factor in her 2016 calculations . Respected conservative writer and commentator Terence Jeffrey reminded his readers this week of the initial Clinton Benghazi statement suggesting , "  Some have sought to justify this vicious behavior as a response to inflammatory material posted on the internet . " Jeffrey said the State Department refuses to provide information about who told Clinton an Internet posting might be a possible cause . Hicks told the hearing on Wednesday that U.S. diplomats in Libya reported back from the very beginning that they believed it was a terrorist attack . Among the conservatives urging House Republicans to demand answers from Clinton directly is former Vice President Dick Cheney . On Thursday , Cheney spoke to the weekly "  Theme Team " meeting organized by House conservatives and two people present at the breakfast said the former vice president said if Clinton declined to voluntarily answer questions , then she should be subpoenaed to testify . Another veteran of the George W. Bush administration also weighed in Thursday , in a way that highlights the intersection of Benghazi oversight and Benghazi politics . In an e-mail sent to conservatives , former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton said , "  What happened with Benghazi is not how it 's supposed to be handled and I think it could be a hinge point for the Obama administration . " The Bolton note was distributed by the House GOP 's campaign arm -- the National Republican Congressional Committee -- and asks for political contributions to the GOP . In fact , if you click on the links in that Bolton e-mail , it takes you to an NRCC fund-raising website that declares "  Benghazi was a cover-up " over a photograph of Clinton and President Barack Obama . That definitive assertion on a House GOP official fund-raising site is par for the course in Washington these days . But it gives Democrats fodder for their argument that Republicans have already made up their minds and are n't conducting oversight hearings with an open mind . Clinton is now a private citizen . But close allies on the committee , including New York Democratic Rep. Carolyn Maloney , came to Clinton 's defense during the proceedings . And other longtime Clinton political loyalists were privately nudging reporters and media outlets about the tone of the Benghazi coverage . One veteran Democratic strategist , who spoke only on condition of anonymity because Clinton chafes at those who publicly speculate about her 2016 interest , noted her overwhelming popularity among Democrats . "  She will have to deal with this , " the strategist said , "  but it will not be central to the campaign . " Longtime Clinton ally and Democratic strategist Paul Begala takes a similar view . "  Once more , the GOP runs the risk of appearing to be blinded by their partisanship , " Begala said . "  I have no idea if Hillary will run . But I know this : If she does this issue will not be a major stumbling block . " Begala drew historical comparison -- between Clinton now and then-Vice President George H.W. Bush heading into the 1988 presidential campaign . "  Remember Iran-Contra ? " Begala asked . "  Infinitely more damaging than Benghazi . The Reagan administration sold weapons to the ayatollah 's regime in Tehran , then diverted some of the proceeds to the  Nicaraguan  Contras , then lied about it . The scandal paralyzed the Reagan administration for 18 months . " There were high-level resignations and criminal convictions , Begala recalled . "  There was a major joint congressional investigation , with highly publicized , televised hearings . There was a special prosecutor . It was one of the biggest scandals of the 20th century . And two years later , it had no impact on Vice President Bush 's campaign . "	Republicans say Benghazi investigation legitimate congressional oversight Democrats say GOP is playing partisan politics with the attack on U.S. consulate Cheney tells House conservatives that if Clinton wo n't answer questions , she should be subpoenaed Analyst points to similarities between Hillary Clinton now and George H.W. Bush in 1988
CNN  -- And now the saga of the Chilean miners -- at least a part of it -- may be about to make a detour to Graceland . Which may not be as bizarre a notion as it sounds . One of the 33 miners who endured more than two months trapped underground , and who was pulled to safety last week , is a devoted fan of the late Elvis Presley . Edison Pena , 34 , speaks little English , according to his father . But there is an exception ; he knows all the words to most of Presley 's biggest hits . It was reported that Pena led Presley singalongs down below , to lift the miners ' spirits and to help pass the long and lonely hours . His dad , waiting for all those weeks near the San Jose mine in Chile , fashioned a placard promising his son that , when he emerged from the ground , he would be "  bigger than Elvis . " So it is that Pena , when he feels up to it , may be embarking on a journey to Memphis , Tennessee , to set foot in the house where Presley lived . The people who run Presley 's Graceland mansion have invited the miner to Presley 's home . If he goes , he 's likely to love it -- take the word of someone who has been a serial visitor to Graceland over the years . I can tell Mr. Pena that if he thought he needed sunglasses to protect his eyes from the light near the mine opening after those months in the dimness , he might do well to bring them along to Graceland with him , too . The place is a little garish . But it 's pretty great . I highly recommend that he spend time standing at the entrance to the Jungle Room , the part of Graceland that best portrays Presley 's playfulness . As the story goes , he purchased all of the room 's eccentric furniture during one 30-minute shopping spree at a Memphis store called Donald 's . He outfitted the room with chairs bearing the carved likenesses of animal faces ; he had green shag carpeting nailed to the ceiling ; he ordered a constantly dripping waterfall to be constructed on one wall -- in many ways the Jungle Room is the soul of Graceland . If Edison Pena pays close attention , there are all kinds of memories to take from that house . On visits over the years , I 've jotted notations about Elvis ' record collection  even Elvis had to listen to someone other than Elvis -- he had Dean Martin albums , a Peter , Paul and Mary LP , a copy of the once wildly popular "  First Family " comedy album , featuring satires of the Kennedy family by impressionist Vaughn Meader  ; about his gas station credit card  from the Shell Oil Co. , issued to "  Mr. Elvis Presley , " his name typed onto stiff white paper in those pre-plastic credit card days  ; about the only portrait Presley ever commissioned of himself  by artist Ralph Wolfe Cowan , showing Elvis dressed all in white , standing in clouds against a gold sky background . The framed portrait is an almost exact copy of an old Johnny Mathis album cover . Elvis reportedly saw that album cover , which was also painted by Cowan , and liked it so much that he ordered the same thing for himself  . But , after all those awful days and nights trapped in the mine , the main thing that Pena might be justified in taking away from a trip to Graceland is a sense of the grand possibilities that life can offer , and the unexpected joy that may be waiting around the next corner . Elvis Presley was n't always the man in the mansion ; a poor kid from Tupelo , Mississippi , he had no inkling that he would ever end up in the lavish home in Memphis ' Whitehaven neighborhood . If Pena should scarcely be able to comprehend that he has made it to Graceland ... well , that is a feeling that the owner of the house understood very well . Presley 's friend George Klein  they went to Humes High School in Memphis together  once told me that in the years before Elvis ' life turned dark and unhappy , the two of them would arrive giddily back at the mansion after a Saturday night on the town : "  Often Elvis and I would be driving through the gates of Graceland , and he would say , ` God , George , do you believe this is real ? Do you believe this has happened to me ? ' " It 's a universal feeling , for those who are lucky . And right now , Edison Pena and his 32 fellow miners have a right to consider themselves among the luckiest people alive . See more opinion articles on topics in the news Which brings us to a message from another singer , who found himself in Memphis one night just as his own young career was on the ascendancy . This was Bruce Springsteen . There is a story that he told from the stage , letting his audiences know about what had happened that night in the 1970s . Springsteen said he had gone to the gates of Graceland , just to look . He had seen a light in a window , and , on an impulse , had climbed over the wall and tried to approach the house . A security guard had stopped him . The guard had said that Presley was out of town , and had escorted Springsteen back to the street . This is a transcript of what Springsteen told a concert audience one night : "  Later on , I used to wonder what I would have said if I 'd knocked on the door and if Elvis had come to the door , because it really was n't Elvis I was goin ' to see . But , it was like he came along , and whispered some dream in everybody 's ear , and we all dreamed it . And maybe that 's why we 're here tonight , I do n't know . "  I remember later , when a friend of mine called to tell me that he 'd died . It was so hard to understand how somebody whose music came in and took away so many people 's loneliness , and gave so many people a reason and a sense of the possibilities of living , could have , in the end , died so tragically . "  And I guess when you 're alone , you ai n't nothin ' but alone . " Yet just when a person feels most alone , comfort can somehow come to him . Edison Pena , who speaks little English , is said to have found sustenance in that Chilean mine , for him and for his colleagues , through the music of a man from Memphis he had never met . And if Pena does make it to Graceland , I hope there will be echoes , not just for him but for all 33 , of something else that Bruce Springsteen said on that long-ago stage . He was about to sing his own slowed-down rendition of Presley 's "  Follow That Dream . " He said to the audience : "  So , anyway , I 'd like to do this song for you tonight , wishing you all the longest life , with the best of absolutely everything . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Edison Pena kept his fellow trapped miners going with Elvis singalongs He 's been invited to visit Elvis Presley 's Graceland mansion Bob Greene says he wo n't be disappointed if he visits the over-the-top house He says Presley , who fought loneliness , left us music that helps people cope
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Were nine attractive young Turkish women duped and imprisoned in a villa by Internet soft-core porn peddlers ? Or did they simply call in the police to help them break their contract with an Internet contest similar to the reality TV show "  Big Brother " ? A lawyer for the production company , Istanbul Group Electronic Trade Communications and Advertising A.S. , is arguing the latter . In a written statement on the company 's Web site , Hilmi Tufan Cakir denied reports published in the Turkish and international media , that nine women were trapped against their will in an Istanbul villa , while cameras sold their images on the Internet . "  My client organized a contest with reward money , contracts were signed with the contestant girls , " the lawyer 's statement said . "  In accordance with the contracts signed by the nine girls , this contest was to be broadcast on the Internet live . " But on Friday , an officer with a Turkish gendarme unit , told CNN that security forces raided the reality show 's villa earlier this week , after they received a complaint . "  We detained one person , " said the gendarme officer , who asked not to be identified . "  There were eight or nine young girls , some younger then 18 , who were returned to their families . " Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa and detaining a suspect earlier this week . The disputed Web-site is a page of hot pink graphics and photos of scantily clad young women , accompanied by throbbing dance music and the title , "  We Are at Home . " It shows video of the villa and its pool , and flashes photos of the nine female "  contestants " as well as a list of ratings for viewers , who can vote for their favorite lady via cell phone text message . Audience members were also encouraged to send "  virtual gifts " to the contestants , like pink panties , beer , chocolate and a pearl necklace . Each resident of the house had their own introductory video . The women , dressed in mini-skirts and bikinis , pose by the villa 's pool , dance around in revealing outfits , and introduce themselves to the camera . In one segment , a hostess named Zeynep Karacan , who wears a long dress with a plunging neck line , reads from cue cards , introduces viewers to the house and its residents , who enter one-by-one waving to the camera and carrying luggage . According to the Web site 's rating system , the second most popular contestant was woman from the town of Kocaeli who went by the name "  Tugce . " Text on the web-page said she was 18-years old , born on September 14th , 1990 . But in her on-camera appearance , Tugce tells the audience "  I am 16 . " She wears a purple bikini by the pool and goes on to say "  I came here to be discovered . My biggest dream is to be a model . " In Turkish press reports , the women said they signed contracts requiring them to pay fines of more then $ 30,000 if they left the show before it completed filming . This is not the first time scandal has rocked the booming reality TV industry in Turkey . In 2005 , a male contestant from the hit show "  Would You Be My Bride ? " died of an apparent drug overdose after the season wrapped up production . On that show , mothers helped their sons choose a bride . The mother of the young man who killed himself , has since gone on to host another reality match-making TV show .	Police : 8 or 9 young girls , some under 18 , were returned to their families Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa Women were to take part in a Big Brother-style show on the Internet Report : Women signed contracts requiring them to pay fines if they left show
Fevered efforts by ISIS to capture the embattled Syrian city of Kobani have handed U.S. and allied forces a prime opportunity to deal the extremist group a bloody nose , the U.S. Central Command 's top general told reporters Friday . By pouring what Gen. Lloyd Austin described as "  legions " of fighters into the city , ISIS commanders have given allied warplanes numerous targets to attack . "  The more I attrit him there , " Austin said of ISIS , using a common military term for grinding down an enemy 's power , "  the less I 'll have to fight him on some other part of the battlefield . " The U.S. military carried out seven airstrikes in northern Syria and coalition aircraft carried out two more near Baiji , north of Tikrit in Iraq , the U.S. Central Command  Centcom  said on Friday . Six of the airstrikes occurred near Kobani , hitting and destroying ISIS buildings , positions , and vehicles , Centcom said . The seventh strike in Syria successfully struck an ISIS-controlled oil installation near Shadadi , a city between the provinces of Deir Ezzor and al-Hasaka in northeastern Syria , according to Centcom . U.S. fighter jets also flew at least 14 missions against ISIS targets near Kobani on Wednesday and Thursday , striking buildings , command posts , sniper positions and a staging location , according to Centcom . CNN has learned that the U.S. military for the first time is getting intelligence from Syrian Kurds about ISIS positions in and around Kobani , according to an administration official who confirmed the details , but declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information . This flow of intelligence for the last several days has led to increased and more precise airstrikes , according to the official . The strikes brought the number of missions flown against targets in the city to 129 , by CNN 's calculation , the most of any town in the three-week-old Syrian portion of the fight against ISIS . Austin said Friday that the increased number of airstrikes near Kobani are n't due to a change in attitudes , but rather the presence of so many ISIS targets as the group fights Syrian Kurdish fighters for control of the city . Despite apparent advances in recent days by Syrian Kurdish fighters defending Kobani , Austin warned that the city may yet fall . But he said recent successes against ISIS in Syria and Iraq are encouraging signs that the broad coalition effort to ultimately destroy the extremist group is beginning to bear fruit . "  The campaign is on the right track . We 're doing the right things , and we 're having the -- creating the right effects , " he said . U.S. officials have said in recent weeks that it is not essential to keep Kobani from falling into ISIS hands . But retired U.S. Army Gen. Mark Kimmitt told CNN on Friday that with the eyes of the world on the fight , Kobani holds psychological and public relations value that "  far outweighs the military victory to whichever side that wins . " Intelligence sharing The intelligence sharing between U.S. and Syrian Kurds in Kobani signifies an unprecedented level of U.S. military cooperation with operatives on the ground inside Syria . The intelligence operation is extremely sensitive and involves only a small number of Kurds , according to the administration official . Those involved are passing intelligence through their own contacts in Syria and Iraq , and then the information is handed over to U.S. military personnel in Irbil , Iraq , who are working on selecting targets for airstrikes , the administration official said . A number of recent airstrikes in and around Kobani have been highly precise . The Kurds are now able to pass information about the locations of ISIS fighters in the town , the administration official said . The Pentagon has declined to openly discuss the intelligence operation with the Syrian Kurds , and Austin did not address the issue at his briefing Friday .	U.S. Central Command : Seven more airstrikes hit ISIS targets in Syria Syrian Kurds giving U.S. forces intelligence on ISIS positions , official says ISIS ' focus on Kobani is helping U.S. , allies destroy the militant group , a general says Gen. Lloyd Austin says Kobani still could fall , despite U.S. and allied efforts
CNN  -- The last time most New Yorkers focused on pillaged antiquities from Cambodia was likely after the release of the Angelina Jolie film "  Lara Croft : Tomb Raider , " which featured the heroine 's adventures through the country 's famous archaeological wonder , Angkor Wat . Now , real "  tomb raiding " is making the news as the Cambodian government seeks to recover antiquities allegedly plundered from the kingdom 's ancient sites during its civil war , ethnic cleansing and foreign occupation . At Cambodia 's request , the United States recently filed suit in U.S. District Court against Sotheby 's in New York , demanding that the auction house forfeit a sandstone warrior that was "  illicitly removed , " according to the complaint , from a remote jungle temple . But according to a recent New York Times story , Cambodia has now set its sights on another Manhattan institution : the Metropolitan Museum of Art . It has specifically targeted the highlight of its Southeast Asian collection : two kneeling figures that archaeologists declare are companions to the contested Sotheby 's piece . If these stones could speak , what a story they would tell . Carved in the 10th century by some of the most skilled artisans known to history , they originally adorned the sanctuary of Prasat Chen , at the temple complex of Koh Ker . Experts believe that with other characters , they formed a three dimensional tableau from the Hindu epic the Mahabharata for a millennium . They say that came to an end when paramilitary groups trafficked them , sculpture by sculpture , overseas . What a strange twist of fate : Having traveled halfway around the world , quite possibly through the illicit and licit markets , the three disputed objects are now just miles apart in New York City . Phnom Penh 's forceful request for their return has alarmed the less scrupulous in the art world , and with good reason : They have a lot to lose if the art is repatriated . American and European galleries , auction houses and museums are allegedly full of Cambodian plunder . Many of these artifacts were allegedely stolen during the country 's long conflict , making them "  blood antiquities , " little different than "  blood diamonds " from Sierra Leone and other war-torn African states . The years before , during , and after the Killing Fields decimated the Cambodian population and led to the looting of most of the nation 's archaeological sites . Yet sadly , now that Cambodia is at peace and in a position to recover its rightful property , some collectors are portraying themselves as the victims . In the wake of the Sotheby 's case , one Asian specialist lamented the "  crisis " now facing collectors . She warned that such legal actions "  threaten the very future of collecting and collecting museums " and the "  next generation of collectors , donors and patrons . " Such histrionics aside , it will always be difficult and expensive for countries such as Cambodia to recover their pillaged heritage through the courts , even when in the right . Especially when its acquisition may have been made possible by tragedies such as the Holocaust , Cambodia 's killing fields or even the more recent looting of the Baghdad Museum during the Iraq war , the real issue is why any collector or museum would want to possess stolen art ? Thankfully , individuals and institutions who would argue to keep looted art are a minority and do as much disservice to their fellows as they do to victims of the illicit art trade . Indeed , many have voluntarily repatriated antiquities to Cambodia , once learning they were wartime plunder . The Met is no exception , having itself returned a valuable piece to the country in 1997 at its own initiative . There is much common ground between archaeologists , collectors and curators , as all share a love of the past , if not an outright obsession with it . Archaeologists recognize that there will always be , and should be , a legal market for antiquities , just as most collectors and curators agree that the looting of archaeological sites and trafficking of antiquities must be stopped . Indeed , if there is to be any real progress , both sides of the issue will likley have to make concessions . But as campaigns like Cambodia 's demonstrate , the art world must reconsider what is ethically acceptable . And today , the sale , purchase and exhibition of "  blood antiquities " is not only deplorable , it may actually be criminal .  The sale , possession , and transport of stolen property is illegal under the National Stolen Property Act . Sotheby 's and the Met have a choice : They can treat Cambodia 's requests as obstacles , or recognize them as the opportunities they are to right past wrongs and set the moral standard for the entire field . For Cambodia 's sake , as well as their own -- and for all of humanity that finds these treasures important -- let us hope that they choose wisely . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Vlasic and Tess Davis .	Writers : Met and Sotheby 's have ancient figures thought to have been looted in Cambodia U.S. authorities have attempted to seize Sotheby 's figures ; now Cambodia seeking those at Met Vlasic , Davis say some in art world act the victim because Cambodia wants its art back Writers : Why would anyone want stolen art ? Both sides must make reasonable concessions
Freetown , Sierra Leone  CNN  -- Guinea has closed its border with Sierra Leone to suppress the spread of the deadly Ebola virus , a Sierra Leone border police official told CNN . The virulent virus continues to advance from its epicenter in Sierra Leone to neighboring Guinea , Liberia and Nigeria . Other West African governments are attempting to contain the outbreak , which has been declared a "  public health emergency of international concern " by the World Health Organization . The United States and the United Kingdom welcomed the efforts of the World Health Organization to halt the spread of Ebola and on Saturday vowed to increase assistance to help combat the disease in West Africa . Treating Ebola in Sierra Leone : ` We are two steps behind ' Meanwhile , the Zambian government banned arrivals of people from countries where there has been an Ebola outbreak , as a preventative measure to stop the virus from entering the country . "  All delegates from any of the countries affected by Ebola Virus disease are restricted from entering Zambia until further notice , " said Dr. Joseph Kasonde , Zambia 's Minister of Health in a statement on Saturday . Ebola virus : 9 things to know about the killer disease Since the onset earlier this year , the virus is believed to have infected 1,779 people , killing 961 according to the latest figures released by WHO . Nigeria and Liberia have both declared a state of national emergency this week , in an effort to control the unprecedented epidemic . Canadian health officials announced Saturday that a patient who recently traveled to Nigeria is being tested for Ebola . The patient is being treated in isolation at Brampton Hospital in the Toronto area after complaining of fever , headache and malaise . Those test results are expected by the end of the weekend , according to hospital spokesman David Jensen . The U.N. health agency described the global Ebola situation as the worst outbreak in the four-decade history of tracking the disease . WHO : Ebola outbreak in West Africa an international health emergency Initial Ebola response called a ` failure ' Opinion : Make more Ebola drug and give it to Africans CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	U.S. and UK commit to increase aid to West Africa Zambia bans travelers from Ebola countries Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone and Nigeria are battling Ebola
CNN  -- Lleyton Hewitt hopes his first experience of playing at the Australian Open 's former venue in Kooyong will stand him in good stead for his 15th consecutive appearance at the season 's first grand slam next week . The 29-year-old Australian won the Kooyong Classic exhibition event , beating France 's Gael Monfils 7-5 6-3 in the final on Saturday for his third win of the week . His home major tournament moved from the suburbs to central-city Melbourne Park in 1988 , and his career began as precocious teenager almost a decade later . Former world No. 1 Hewitt , a two-time grand slam champion and a losing Australian Open finalist in 2005 , will be unseeded after slipping to 54th in the rankings following an injury-hit 2010 . Should the Australian Open be moved to February ? He decided against entering the official ATP season-opening events in Brisbane and Sydney , instead playing at the mixed teams Hopman Cup event in Perth and then Kooyong . Hewitt beat top Russian duo Mikhail Youzhny and Nikolay Davydenko before meeting Monfils , and feels ready for his opening match in Melbourne against former No. 3 David Nalbandian -- who lost to Spanish top seed David Ferrer in the final of New Zealand 's Auckland Open on Saturday . It will be the feature match of the opening round , a rematch of the duo 's 2002 Wimbledon final and 2005 Australian Open quarterfinal , both won by Hewitt . "  I felt pretty comfortable this week and only time will tell over the next couple of weeks if it was the perfect preparation , " he told the ATP website . "  But at the moment I 'm extremely excited about winning three tough matches . ` I 've done everything possible and feel like my game is where I wanted it to be 10 weeks ago , and physically I feel good . "  Ten weeks ago when I sat down with Rochey  his coach Tony Roche , a former French Open winner who has also worked with tennis greats Ivan Lendl , Pete Sampras and Roger Federer  and talked about what we wanted to work on and get out of that training block . I think we 've been able to do that , so we 've done the best preparation possible . " Australian Open : From nomad to nouveau riche World No. 7 Ferrer regained the hardcourt title he first won back in 2007 as he defeated Nalbandian 6-3 6-2 . He ended a three-match losing run against Nalbandian , who is seeded 27th in Melbourne , ahead of his opening match against Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen . At the Sydney Invitational , Gilles Simon became the first Frenchman to win the men 's title in 20 years as he beat Serbian fourth seed Viktor Troicki 7-5 7-6  7-4  in just under two hours . Troicki , seeded 29th in Melbourne , will take on Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov in his opening match while Simon plays Taiwan 's 35th-ranked Yen-Hsun Lu . Defending champion Roger Federer faces Slovakia 's No. 99 Lukas Lacko first up , while No. 1 Rafael Nadal begins his bid to hold all four grand slams against Brazil 's No. 96 Marcos Daniel . Third seed Novak Djokovic plays Spain 's world No. 42 Marcel Granollers , fourth seed Robin Soderling is up against Italy 's 47th-ranked Potito Starace and fifth seed Andy Murray faces Slovakian No. 104 Karol Beck . Federer : My friend Nadal Meanwhile , Jarmila Groth won the women 's event in Hobart , with the Australian sixth seed beating American Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-4 6-3 in Saturday 's final . Groth , who knocked out Australian No. 1 Sam Stosur in Brisbane , won her second WTA Tour title ahead of her opening match against Belgian 21st seed Yanina Wickmayer in Melbourne . Mattek-Sands has an easier task as she faces one of the qualifiers , as does last year 's runner-up Justine Henin . World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki faces Argentina 's Gisela Dulko as she seeks her first grand slam title , while second-seeded Russian Vera Zvonareva plays Austria 's Sybille Bammer . Third seed and 2004 runner-up Kim Clijsters faces Russia 's former No. 1 Dinara Safina in perhaps the highlight of the first round , and fourth seed Venus Williams -- the 2003 losing finalist -- takes on Italy 's Sara Errani .	Lleyton Hewitt defeats Frenchman Gael Monfils in his final Australian Open warm-up Australian will be making his 15th successive appearance at the grand slam He starts against old rival David Nalbandian , who loses final of Auckland Open Australia 's rising star Jarmila Groth wins women 's event in Hobart on Saturday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- All retired Gurkha soldiers who served in the British Army will be allowed to settle in Britain , the British government announced Thursday , marking a victory for campaigners and a major shift in official policy . Former Gurkha solider Tulbahadur Pun was awarded Britain 's highest honor for bravery , the Victoria Cross . The new rules announced by Home Secretary Jacqui Smith apply to about 36,000 retired Gurkhas who have served more than four years in the U.K. armed forces . Gurkhas will also be allowed to settle in Britain with their spouses and any children younger than 18 , she said . Smith said she would instruct the U.K. Border Agency to speed up the processing of their applications . "  I 'm delighted that we have now been able to agree across government , across the house and with the Gurkhas ' representatives new settlement rights that all those who have served us so well so highly deserve , " Smith told the Commons . Campaigners listening to Smith 's announcement from outside Parliament cheered the news , which comes after years of pushing for greater rights for the Nepalese brigade . "  Today , a great injustice has been righted , " said actress Joanna Lumley , who has been a fierce campaigner for Gurkhas ' rights . Watch Gurkhas salute the victory " Gurkhas are Nepalese soldiers who have been part of the British Army for nearly 200 years . They have fought alongside the British Armed Forces in every conflict in that period , including both world wars , and are known for their ferocity and pride . Despite their centuries of service , Gurkhas were not given the right to settle in the United Kingdom until 2004 . And even then the order applied only to those discharged after the British handover of Hong Kong to China in 1997 , when the Gurkhas Brigade moved from Hong Kong to Britain . Last month , Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced new rules under which those who retired before 1997 would be allowed to live in the United Kingdom , but Lumley and others complained the rules were too restrictive and would only allow about 4,000 of the soldiers to make the move . Lumley , whose father served in the Gurkhas while she was a girl , said the new criteria could not be met by the average Gurkha . Less than a week after announcing the new rules , however , Brown suffered a stinging defeat in Parliament over the new rules . Even some members of his own Labor Party broke with Brown and voted to give all Gurkhas the equal right to live in Britain . "  What could be greater than for us to be able to open our arms and say , ` The Gurkhas are coming ! ' " Lumley said . "  I am a daughter of the regiment and this is a proud day , " she said . Lumley , who met with Brown in the morning , before the announcement , said the prime minister assured her there were "  no sneaky paragraphs " or fine print in the legislation . The Gurkha brigade originated in the 19th century with Nepalese soldiers , who impressed the British imperial troops with their ferocity and military ability . The first Gurkha units were formed in 1815 . They saw action in both world wars and were fundamental to the British military maintaining control of India in the 1800s . Today there are 3,400 troops in the Gurkha brigade , operating from bases in Britain . Most recently , Gurkha troops were used in the Persian Gulf War and the Balkan conflicts .	British government to allow Gurkha troops to settle in the UK Gurkhas are Nepalese fighters who are part of the British Army First Gurkha units formed in 1815 and they have fought in every campaign since
A beloved model is dead , those who knew her are in mourning , and one of the world 's most admired Olympians is charged with her murder after a Valentine 's Day shooting in South Africa . Oscar Pistorius , a Paralympic runner who blazed new terrain by competing in last summer 's Olympics , is accused of killing his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . A shooting took place inside his upscale home in Pretoria , South Africa , early Thursday , and only the two of them were there at the time , police said . Shock waves from the incident quickly reverberated across the world , casting a shadow over the man known as the "  Blade Runner " for his achievements on prosthetic limbs . Pistorius will be named officially as the suspect when he appears in court Friday , in keeping with South African law . Authorities have already announced that the suspect is Pistorius ' age . Investigators gave no motive for the alleged killing . Read more : ` Blade runner ' Pistorius : Track hero at center of shooting probe "  Previous incidents " at the home , police say Police were alerted to the shooting by neighbors , and residents had "  heard things earlier , " spokeswoman Denise Beukes said . A police spokeswoman said there had been "  previous incidents " at the home , including "  allegations of a domestic nature . " They did not detail what those may be . Pistorius was arrested and accused of common assault in 2009 , but the case was thrown out because of a lack of evidence , police told CNN on Thursday . That incident involved Pistorius allegedly slamming a door during a party , and a piece of the door fell off and hit someone , said Capt. Marissa Van der Merwe of South African police . Police are not aware of any prior incidents between Pistorius and Steenkamp , Van der Merwe said . Some South African media outlets suggested Pistorius may have mistaken Steenkamp for an intruder . South Africa has a high crime rate , and many homeowners keep weapons to ward off intruders . Beukes said those reports did not come from police . There did not appear to be signs of forced entry at the home , she added . "  This is a very quiet area , and this is a secure estate , " Beukes said . A pistol was recovered at the scene , police said . In November 2011 , Pistorius tweeted a photo of himself at a gun range , and wrote that he had "  a 96 % headshot over 300m from 50 shots ! Bam ! " Pistorius cooperating with police Pistorius has made no public statement . His spokeswoman Kate Silvers said the athlete is "  assisting the police with their investigation but there will be no further comment until matters become clearer later today . " Police also said Pistorius is cooperating . He arrived Thursday at a police station in Pretoria . Beukes said the state will oppose bail . That means the 26-year-old , who was among the men featured in People magazine 's "  Sexiest Man Alive " issue , could be behind bars , at least temporarily . Pistorius is not being brought to court Thursday because the public prosecutor needs more time to prepare the case , police spokeswoman Katlego Mogale told CNN . A model 's life violently cut short Steenkamp , 29 , had been looking forward to Valentine 's Day , encouraging her Twitter followers to "  get excited " for the holiday . On Wednesday , she tweeted , "  It 's a beautiful day ! Make things happen . Starting my day off with a yummy healthy shake from my boo , " followed by a smiley face . "  Boo " is a term for boyfriend . "  She was the kindest , sweetest human being ; an angel on earth and will be sorely missed , " Capacity Relations , the agency that represented her , wrote on Twitter . She was "  just a great , fun presence of a person , " said Hagen Engler , former editor of the magazine FHM . He described her as "  a bikini model , beautiful , gorgeous girl " with a "  wicked " sense of humor . She understood the industry and was intelligent and fun to work with , he said . Pistorius ' father , Henke , told the South African Broadcasting Corp. his son was "  sad at the moment . " "  I do n't know nothing . It will be extremely obnoxious and rude to speculate , " the father said . "  I do n't know the facts . " Nike pulls ad Nike pulled an ad featuring Pistorius from its website Thursday . The ad showed Pistorius taking off for a run , and contained the words " I am the bullet in the chamber . " The company issued a statement expressing "  sympathy and condolences to the families concerned following this tragic incident . " The company added that it will not comment further , noting that the situation is a police matter . Other Pistorius sponsors -- including prosthetics manufacturer Ossur , British Telecom , and Oakley , which makes sunglasses and other products -- expressed condolences and said they had no further comment at this time . Fashion company Thierry Mugler had no comment . As Olympian , Pistorius faced controversy Pistorius , a double amputee , competed against able-bodied runners during the London Olympics , triggering controversy as some said the prosthetic limbs gave him an advantage . His legs were amputated below the knee when he was a toddler because of a bone defect . He runs on special carbon fiber blades . Pistorius was initially refused permission to enter the Olympics , but he hired a legal team to prove that his artificial limbs did not give him an unfair advantage -- and was allowed to compete . While he did not win a medal , his presence on the track was lauded by many people around the world as an example of victory over adversity and dedication to a goal . He smashed a Paralympic record to win the men 's 400m T44 in the final athletics event of the 2012 Games . In an October interview with CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " Pistorius discussed the "  massive blessing " of inspiring people around the world . "  Being an international sportsman , there 's a lot of responsibility that comes with that , so having to toggle that and remembering , you know , that there are kids out there , especially , that look up to you -- it 's definitely something that you need to keep at the back of your mind . " In December : Pistorius speaks to Piers Morgan about being a role model	Oscar Pistorius once tweeted a photo of himself at a gun range Nike pulls an ad featuring Pistorius and the word "  bullet " Reeva Steenkamp tweeted Wednesday about her "  boo " making her a shake Pistorius was arrested for assault in 2009 but the case was dropped , police say
Maroua , Cameroon  CNN  -- Nigeria 's Boko Haram is responsible for kidnapping a French priest in neighboring Cameroon -- the same day the U.S. government labeled the group a terrorist organization -- said the governor of Cameroon 's Far North region . Though Gov. Fonka Awa Augustine ordered his region 's border with Nigeria closed , it may be too late , as eyewitnesses reported seeing the armed militants cross into Nigeria on motorcycles after Wednesday 's kidnapping . "  This is shocking , " the governor said Friday . "  All expatriates should restrict their movement in this region . They should stay within much secured areas and avoid visiting touristic sites . " The priest , Georges Vandenbeusch , was snatched from his parish church in Nguetchewe , about 11 kilometers  7 miles  from the Nigerian border , security officials said . "  Our Father Georges was kidnapped just a few minutes after celebrating holy Mass that night , " Mbah Anatole Asah , a Christian in the parish , said Wednesday night . Witnesses said they believed Vandenbeusch was targeted because he is French and Christian . Boko Haram has declared a "  war on Christians " as it strives to spread a strict brand of Sharia law across northeastern Nigeria . Boko Haram has not claimed responsibility for Vandenbeusch 's abduction . The abduction comes the same week that the Nigerian army killed seven Boko Haram militants and injured others during a firefight in the Damboa area of Borno state , about 115 kilometers  72 miles  from the Cameroon border . Soldiers also seized a pickup truck , two motorcycles , "  large arms " and ammunition , according to a statement . The army said it has recently intensified its patrols in the forested areas of Damboa and Gwoza , destroying Boko Haram camps , hideouts and vehicles . Earlier this year , Boko Haram kidnapped a French family of seven , including four children , in Dabanga near the Nigerian border . They were released unharmed days later . Security analysts in Cameroon blame the kidnappings on the lawlessness in north Cameroon and poor security along its porous border with Nigeria . Witnesses said the unarmed Cameroonian border patrol fled when the heavily armed militants approached the border Wednesday night . "  The security is weak . It is very weak , " legal expert Ngalim Bernard Yongabi said . The kidnappers left bullets in the priest 's home , state radio reported . Security officials said they believe the bullets are a sign of Boko Haram 's willingness to fight as Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan seeks this month to extend a state of emergency in the northeast . The state of emergency was declared in May . Boko Haram militants do not have the financial capacity to conduct large-scale military operations , Yongabi said . "  Their activities in northern Nigeria have been stoked by the Nigerian military . They are now exploiting the weak security in Cameroon to hibernate in Cameroon and take foreigners hostage , " he said . Fonkam Azu , governor of Cameroon 's northern region of Maroua , said specialized military forces have been sent to secure the border with Nigeria . Dozens of foreigners , including U.S. , French and British citizens , have been pulled back from dangerous areas in northern Cameroon into more secure cities . In freezing the group 's assets and placing travel bans on Boko Haram 's members this week , the U.S. State Department said the organization is responsible for thousands of killings since 2009 . Human rights groups put the number at 3,000 . Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , has a $ 7 million bounty on his head . U.S. designates Boko Haram as a terrorist organization The terror outfit , whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege " in the Hausa-Fulani language , has attacked numerous targets since forming in the late 1990s , killing and kidnapping Westerners and bombing schools , churches and mosques , according to the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center . Recently , Boko Haram was blamed in an August mosque attack in Nigeria 's Borno state that killed 44 worshippers , September attacks in Benisheikh that left 160 civilians dead , many of them Muslim women and children , and a September assault on an agriculture school in which 50 students were killed in their dorms while they slept . The United Nations has said it wants to try members on war crimes after an attack on a wedding party that killed 30 people . An estimated 8,000 Nigerians have fled to Cameroon to escape the violence , while another 5,000 people have been internally displaced , the United Nations says . Opinion : Should U.S. fear Boko Haram ? CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Governor orders border with Nigeria closed after witnesses say militants crossed over French priest was snatched by Boko Haram , a group waging a "  war on Christians " State Department calls Boko Haram a terror outfit , accusing it of thousands of killings Bullets left in priest 's home may be warning sign that group is willing to fight , officials say
CNN  -- Authorities have wrapped up their search at the home that once belonged to New York gangster James "  Jimmy the Gent " Burke after finding material that "  may be human remains " under the floor , a law enforcement source with knowledge of an investigation at the home said Thursday . Investigators at Ozone Park in Queens finished the search Wednesday night for human remains possibly connected to a case that happened before 1996 , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity . It will be a few days before the FBI learns from forensic testing by the medical examiner 's office if the remains are human , the source said . According to public records , the house is now owned by Burke 's daughter , Catherine Burke , who declined Tuesday to comment to CNN . James Burke died in 1996 . According to his obituary in the New York Times , he was serving a 20-years-to-life sentence in a New York prison when he fell ill with cancer . Robert De Niro played Burke as Jimmy Conway in the 1990 Martin Scorsese classic mafia film "  Goodfellas , " and Burke is likely best known as the alleged mastermind of the 1978 Lufthansa heist , an $ 8 million robbery at John F. Kennedy International Airport , which was the largest robbery in history at the time . But the source said that Burke and his cohorts , closely associated with top members of the Lucchese crime family , also were allegedly involved in a number of other activities -- so the search in Queens may not be related to the Lufthansa heist . Jim Margolin , a spokesman for the FBI 's New York office , told CNN on Tuesday , without elaborating , that investigators were "  conducting a search at a home in Queens in connection to an investigation . "	Source : The FBI is awaiting forensic test results to determine if the remains are human Authorities searched the home of former mobster James " Jimmy the Gent " Burke The search was connected to a case the occurred before 1996 , the source says
Reggie Hilaire was a rookie cop on September 11 , 2001 . He worked at ground zero for 11 days beside his colleagues -- many of them , including Hilaire , not wearing a mask . He was later assigned to a landfill in Staten Island , where debris from the World Trade Center was dumped . For about 60 days between 2001 and 2002 , the New York police officer was surrounded by dust . In 2005 , Hilaire was diagnosed with thyroid cancer . He underwent surgery and radiation . Just months later his doctor told him he also had multiple myeloma , a blood cancer that multiplies the body 's plasma cells to dangerous levels . It 's a cancer that usually strikes much later in life . Hilaire was 34 . More than 1,100 people who worked or lived near the World Trade Center on 9/11 have been diagnosed with cancer , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A few months ago Hilaire received a letter from the CDC 's National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , officially offering him medical insurance under the World Trade Center Health Program . About 1,140 people have been certified to receive cancer treatment under the WTC Health Program , a representative told CNN . These are the first numbers released since the program was expanded a year ago . In September 2012 , federal health authorities added 58 types of cancer to the list of covered illnesses for people who were exposed to toxins at the site of the World Trade Center in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks . Dr. John Howard , administrator of the WTC Health Program , had said the year before that cancer treatments would not be covered by the compensation fund . At the time , he said there was inadequate "  published scientific and medical findings " to link 9/11 exposures to cancer . 9/11 responders wait for compensation for illnesses Others argued that hundreds of chemical compounds , among them known carcinogens , were present in the dust surrounding ground zero . Potential cancer-causing agents such as asbestos that coated the World Trade Center buildings ' lower columns , and benzene , a component of jet fuel that caused uncontrollable fires when planes barreled into the twin towers , have long been a cancer concern for researchers . Scientists were also worried about the high volume of particulates and gases inhaled by responders , survivors and people who lived in the area . Yet some officials were worried about making the connection between 9/11 and cancer too soon . When the proposal to add cancer coverage was made , experts estimated the cost would total between $ 14.5 million and $ 33 million . And while someone 's cancer may have been caused by his or her work at ground zero , it might also have been a coincidence -- they may have gotten cancer anyway . A long lag time makes it particularly difficult to study the link . Cancer does n't develop quickly after breathing in something toxic , the way asthma might . Instead , leukemia can take five to six years to develop , and solid tumors can take 10 to 20 years . Compensation comes too late for one man In the end , it was a study of firefighters that helped persuade the government to include cancer in the WTC Health Program . Researchers found firefighters who worked at ground zero were 19 % more likely to develop cancer than firefighters who did not . According to the 2011 study , published in The Lancet medical journal , the increase occurred during the first seven years after 9/11 . There were subtle increases seen in a few cancers in particular , including gastro-esophageal cancers and blood cancers such as multiple myeloma and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma . One theory about how the cancers may have developed so soon among responders is that the unique characteristics of ground zero dust , and the sheer number of chemicals contained in it , may have accelerated disease . The WTC Health Program will act as a backup insurance for Hilaire , whose primary insurance through the city has been taking care of his medical expenses . Doctors are n't treating his multiple myeloma now ; it 's asymptomatic , so they 're simply watching it . But when it does start to cause problems -- and it will , his doctors say -- they 'll begin a treatment program . For Hilaire , receiving the WTC Health Program welcome letter was more about recognition than assistance . "  They looked over my medical records ... determined cause and effect , " he said . "  After years saying , ` We do n't know , we 're not sure , ' they finally said , ` Yeah , you got it from there . ' " And Hilaire knows the program will be a big help to those who do n't have good health insurance -- folks who lived or worked in the area who have since been diagnosed . He said he thinks the number of people who have , or who will get , cancer related to 9/11 is a lot higher than 1,140 , something only time will tell . The WTC Health Program was created as a result of the passage of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act . The Zadroga Act , passed by Congress in December 2010 , is designed to provide medical services and compensation for responders who were exposed to toxins while working at ground zero . President Barack Obama signed the $ 4.2 billion legislation in January 2011 . The law is named after a New York police officer who died of a respiratory disease attributed to working amid the toxic chemicals at the attack site . First responders , volunteers , survivors of the attacks and residents near the 9/11 site who meet specific qualifications are eligible for coverage , according to the CDC . The program has also been recently expanded to include responders from the Pentagon attack and Shanksville , Pennsylvania , where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed . People are still enrolling from those locations so the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health does not have an accurate count of how many people were affected , a representative told CNN . To determine eligibility for the WTC Health Program , visit www.cdc.gov/wtc . My son died as a first responder	Under World Trade Center Health Program , about 1,140 people will receive cancer treatment Others from the Pentagon and Shanksville , Pennsylvania , are applying now Federal health authorities added 58 types of cancer to the list of covered illnesses in 2012 Study showed firefighters at ground zero were 19 % more likely to develop cancer
CNN  -- Inspirational music has long served to focus the mind of some of the world 's greatest sporting stars . Retired swimming champion Michael Phelps swore by the grizzly bark of rapper DMX , while former England footballer Stuart Pearce was known to crank out the snarling punk of the Sex Pistols . For giant judo champion Teddy Riner , however , the motivational music of choice is something altogether more sensitive . "  The moments before the fight , I put my headphones on to enter into the zone , " Riner told CNN 's Human to Hero series . And on his iPod , alongside a dollop of rap and dance music , the Frenchman confesses to getting pumped up on the power ballads of Celine Dion . See also : Skiing 's winning machine The Canadian diva may seem like an unorthodox motivator for a sport where brute strength and controlled aggression are key . But the tuneful preparation has already helped the man nicknamed the "  Teddy Bear " shape up for spectacular success -- a long way from his early days , when he admits to being "  a bit useless . " The 23-year-old -- who measures in at an imposing 6 feet , 8 inches tall and weighs 282 pounds  128 kg  -- is already a five-time world champion and the Olympic gold medal winner at London 2012 . He also picked up a bronze at the Beijing Games of 2008 and has twice been crowned Europe 's best . Caribbean roots Born in the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe , Riner was raised by his parents in Paris . A self-confessed bundle of energy as a child , he was encouraged to hit the tatami  judo mats  at a small club in the city . Given his sheer size and athleticism , he was a natural and soon fell in love with the sport . The goal of achieving "  ippon " -- the fight-ending maximum score a judoka receives when a move that flips or throws an opponent onto their back is executed -- was a source of particular pleasure for the young Riner "  Before judo I did many other sports , " he explains . "  I did tennis , basketball , swimming , golf ... squash , football . I stuck with judo because of the call to score ippon . "  To win a fight there are rules , a technique . The two shoulders of the opponent must touch the tatami . If the two shoulders touch with speed and impact on the floor , it 's ippon  and  it 's won . " Disciplined approach Like any athlete operating at the elite level of their chosen sport , Riner adheres to a strict training program that requires unwavering discipline and a robust frame of mind . In judo , more so than other sports , these qualities are especially valuable . The philosophy of self-control and respect for one 's opponent outside the arena is just as critical to master as the physical conditioning for when the fight begins . See also : Blind runner beats bullies "  It is a sport which demands an irreproachable lifestyle , a sport which demands a rigor , " Riner says . "  There is  a moral code which is similar to that which you learn from your parents . "  You need to be strong up here , " Riner adds , tapping his head . "  The opponent in front of you may be strong , tall , thin -- you have to work hard to get ippon . "  It 's this that makes the difference , you ca n't let anything go . " While an array of medals and championship-winning performances suggest Riner has mastered both the mental and muscular side of his sport , he is quick to point out that his path to the top was far from smooth . "  I do n't think I have a gift . You should have seen me when I first started , I was n't the great judoka I have become , " he says . "  I was a bit useless . " "  Today it is true that with a lot of work and a lot of assiduousness I have succeeded in forging a good judo , a good character and an intelligence for the fight , " he adds . "  My secret to winning , I think , is the fact that I am so determined in my training , to put myself in the red , always pushing the limits . " Judo calling This desire to constantly improve is undoubtedly made easier with a genuine enjoyment and appreciation of the intricacies of his sport . Riner 's daily training schedule consists of five hours ' intense cardio and meticulous judo work . But while some athletes look for distractions once away from competitive arena or training field , Riner remains firmly attuned to his sport . See also : Ice Hockey 's David faces Goliathan challenge "  Judo is a calling , a vocation for me , " he enthuses . "  Sometimes we finish a training session and I 'm tired , but a few hours later I already feel like playing again . "  For me it 's not a work or a sacrifice , it 's a game and it 's a pleasure . The day I no longer feel like playing on the tatami ... I 'll stop . " For now , the day that Riner hangs up his kimono seems a long way off . Still very much in his youth and operating at a level few of his peers can match , there seems little capable of subduing this Goliath of the mats or his hunger for success . "  What motivates me is winning medals , reaching the top of my sport , " he says . "  I have my mentality , I have my way of being , I have my personality which makes me a fighter . I am a real fighter , and I love that . "	Teddy Riner is the reigning heavyweight Olympic judo champion Frenchman measures in at a giant 6 foot , 8 inches tall and 282 pounds The 23-year-old says judo is as much a way of life as it is a sport He says he is dedicated to "  the search for ippon "
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Lebanese voters were heading to the polls on Sunday with their main choices to lead the next government a Hezbollah-backed alliance or a U.S.-backed coalition . Hezbollah party workers in the southern town of Nabatiyah hope for an election victory . Analysts say the race will be tight , with the Hezbollah-dominated "  March 8 alliance " possibly winning a majority of seats in parliament . The polls opened at 1200 GMT and will close 12 hours later . Turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters . About 50,000 troops were on the streets , but the run-up to the balloting had been free of violence . The vote comes at a critical time for Lebanon as it sits amid a power struggle between a weakened pro-Western government and a stronger pro-Syrian Hezbollah political bloc that has gained political momentum in recent years . The United States considers Hezbollah -- which is supported by both Syria and Iran -- to be a terrorist organization . The group grew in popularity after its militant wing claimed victory over Israel after a 34-day military conflict in 2006 . Since then , it has been more widely perceived by its supporters to be the "  defenders " of Lebanon . Though U.S. President Barack Obama did n't mention the Lebanese general election in his address on Thursday , he did call for religious tolerance in the Muslim world , noting sectarian clashes between Sunnis and Shiites and the struggles faced by religious minorities . "  The richness of religious diversity must be upheld -- whether it is for Maronites in Lebanon or the Copts in Egypt , " he said , referring to Christian groups in those countries . "  And if we are being honest , fault lines must be closed among Muslims as well , as the divisions between Sunni and Shia have led to tragic violence , particularly in Iraq . " In Lebanon 's unique power-sharing government , the presidency is reserved for Maronite Christians , the speaker of parliament is always a Shia Muslim , and the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim . The law was created to balance power among Lebanon 's three main religious groups . Analysts say the Hezbollah-dominated "  March 8 alliance " may win a parliamentary majority with the support of Christian opposition leader Gen. Michel Aoun -- the only prominent Christian politician to back the bloc . "  They keep trying to scare the Christian voters with their stories about Hezbollah 's weapons , so to all of those who complain about Hezbollah , can they tell us how they will disarm the party , " Aoun told supporters Friday . "  Hezbollah 's weapons will no longer be a problem when the causes behind its existence disappear , including the borders ' issues . " A close look at Lebanon 's political landscape reveals that the country 's Christian voters are split on how they will cast their ballots . Some Christian voters want their representatives to step out of the shadows of Hezbollah and Saad Hariri , who leads the Sunni-dominated "  March 14 coalition . " Christian voters are divided between supporting Aoun and other Christian leaders who want Hezbollah to disarm . "  In these elections , Christians look more divided than ever while others seem more unified than ever , " said Shibley Telhami , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . For the Obama administration , the elections could be indicative of the president 's odds of pushing stability in the region . Former U.S. President and Nobel Peace Prize Winner Jimmy Carter said the United States should work with whichever coalition wins . Carter was in Beirut as part of more than 200 international observers monitoring the election . He also oversaw balloting in Gaza during the elections in the Palestinian territory in January 2006 . The Palestinian militant group Hamas won that race "  fairly and squarely " by a huge margin , Carter said . The United States and Israel later refused to recognize the legitimacy of the Hamas win . "  And it 's resulted in a split in the Palestinians and a very difficult situation there , " Carter added . "  I think they  the United States  learned a hard lesson that they should accept the results of an election . " Two senior Obama administration officials -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden -- have visited Lebanon in recent months , signaling concerns with a possible Hezbollah victory . During his trip to Beirut two weeks ago , Biden warned the country that while the United States supports Lebanon 's democratic process , it will reconsider its assistance to the country if its next government strays from certain "  fundamental principles . " Biden 's visit followed Clinton 's April trip to Beirut in which she called for an "  open and free " election without outside interference -- a veiled reference to Iran and Syria . Such rhetoric has been dismissed by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah as "  meddling . " The Hezbollah leader has been increasingly vocal in the lead-up to the election , blasting the current government as powerless . However , part of the reason Lebanon 's government is crippled is that it made concessions to Hezbollah -- including giving them veto power -- in order to end a political stalemate that boiled over into violence of historic proportions last year . While some analysts are concerned Hezbollah could gain more control over Lebanon 's government after Sunday 's vote , a key Lebanese politician , Dori Chamoun , warned that assessment may be misleading . Chamoun , who opposes the March 8 alliance , said talk of Hezbollah 's possible victory may be based on "  rumors " and propaganda being spread by the Shiite militia and their political allies . "  They  Hezbollah  think they can scare many but no one is scared , " Chamoun told CNN . "  They can spread all kinds of rumors on their four TV stations saying that they will win this upcoming elections . " Chamoun , whose father , Camille Chamoun , was Lebanon 's president in the 1950s , is running for a seat in parliament . Even if a Hezbollah-dominated government does move in , it could have trouble working with Christian and Sunni Muslim politicians who -- under Lebanese law -- must participate in the government . It would also be difficult to find a Sunni political figure willing to serve as prime minister in a Hezbollah-led government since the majority of Lebanon 's prominent Sunni politicians are aligned with Hariri 's March 14 coalition , which has declared it will not participate in any government if Hezbollah wins . Lebanon 's political landscape could be shifting after a similar shift in neighboring Israel . Voters in the Jewish state overwhelmingly supported conservative parties over more moderate groups , bringing into power Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this year . Netanyahu is viewed in the Arab world as more hawkish than his predecessor , Ehud Olmert , who ordered the war against Hezbollah in 2006 . A Hezbollah victory in Lebanon could further inflame tensions with Israel , particularly with an estimated 30,000 rockets pointed at Israel from southern Lebanon -- all under the control of Hezbollah . CNN 's Cal Perry , Octavia Nasr and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Analysts say the race will be tight Some say the Hezbollah-dominated alliance may win a parliamentary majority Turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters About 50,000 troops deploy to the streets
CNN  -- Germany 's build-up to Euro 2012 suffered a setback Saturday with a 5-3 defeat to Switzerland in Basel . It was the first time the Swiss , who did not qualify for this summer 's tournament , had beaten Germany in an international since 1956 . German coach Joachim Loew fielded an understrength team as he rested eight Bayern Munich players who were involved in the Champions League final defeat to Chelsea last weekend . But the performance of their understudies will do little to inspire confidence , with goalkeeper Ter Stegen having a forgettable error-strewn match as the Germans lost for the second time in a row . Having gone through Euro qualifying unbeaten , they were beaten by France 2-1 in their last friendly in February . Swiss striker Eren Derdiyok , who plays in the Bundesliga , scored a hat-trick and put his team 2-0 ahead with two first half goals in three minutes . Both goals were laid on by strike partner Tranquillo Barnettas before defender Mats Hummels pulled one back for Germany just before halftime with a header from a Mesut Ozil cross . But Derdiyok made it 3-1 after 50 minutes , again from a Barnettas assist . Andre Schuerrle cut the lead to give Germany some hope before Andre Lichtsteiner made it 4-2 in the 67th minute . Marco Reus added the third for the Germans five minutes later but Admir Mehmedi sealed victory for the Swiss and made it 5-3 late on . "  We did n't expect a result like this and we can not be satisfied by it , " Loew told AFP . Meanwhile , Spain warmed up for a defense of their European title with a 2-0 friendly win over Serbia in a friendly played in Switzerland . Coach Vicente del Bosque was also forced to field a second string line-up with many of his players involved in Friday 's Copa del Rey final between Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao . Atletico Madrid 's Adrian Lopez , a second half substitute , headed the 2010 World Cup winners in front in the 64th minute . He was then pulled down by Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic to earn a 75th minute penalty , converted by Santi Cazorla . Spain announce their 23-man squad for Poland and the Ukraine Sunday . Portugal , captained by Cristiano Ronaldo , were held to a disappointing 0-0 draw by Macedonia in Leiria . Their group rivals in the Euro finals , Denmark , were beaten 3-1 by a young Brazil side , who are preparing for the London Olympics , in a friendly in Hamburg . Porto striker Hulk scored twice with Denmark 's Niki Zimling turning an Oscar cross into his own net for the other goal . Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the well-beaten Danes . The Netherlands also went down to a friendly defeat , losing 2-1 at home to Bulgaria . Arsenal 's Robin van Persie gave the Dutch a 45th minute lead but Bulgaria , who did not make Euro 2012 , equalized four minutes into the second half with an Ivelin Popov penalty after Rafael van der Vaart had hand balled . Bulgaria striker Ilijan Mizanski grabbed a shock winner in the second minute of injury time as the home side pushed forward and were caught on the break .	Switzerland beat Germany 5-3 in friendly international in Basel Eren Derdiyok scores hat-trick for the rampant Swiss World and European champions Spain beat Serbia 2-0 Netherlands lose 2-1 at home to Bulgaria
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner is again facing strong opposition from a group of conservatives who are trying to derail his strategy as time runs out to avert a shutdown . They are ripping his plan to kick the fight about the President 's executive order on immigration until next year , arguing that voters who supported Republicans in last month 's midterm elections expect Congress to wage the battle now . The resistance was expected , but it 's not expected to be fatal to the bill . Boehner and top House GOP leaders knew that any plan short of barring all funding for federal agencies that issue new visas would be rejected by hardliners . While the group is loud , and is demanding multiple changes in return for their support , multiple House Republican aides and members are skeptical it will cause the bill to fail . But with the House vote likely coming next Wednesday - just a day before the government is slated to run out of money - the continued push and pull between conservatives on both sides of the Capitol and their leaders will keep the drama high right up until the last minute . On Tuesday , House Republican leaders outlined a bill to fund most federal agencies for a full year . But the bill would only approve money for the Department of Homeland Security - which issues new visas - through March . In addition , House Republicans scheduled scheduled a vote for Thursday on a measure authored by Florida GOP Rep. Ted Yoho , a conservative who often breaks with leaders , that explicitly calls the President 's immigration actions unconstitutional . Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz -- who helped coordinate conservatives ahead of last year 's government shutdown -- made the unusual move Wednesday of crossing over to the House side of the Capitol to join a press conference with a handful of House conservatives . Cruz did n't mention Boehner 's name , but his presence with about a half dozen House members was essentially a stick in the eye to the Speaker . The Texas Senator made his opinion clear on the latest House GOP plan telling the crowd he opposed "  having a meaningless show vote . " The move clearly frustrated allies of GOP leadership in the House . When asked about the rally , North Carolina GOP Rep. Rene Ellmers told CNN flatly that "  Sen. Cruz needs to stay in the Senate . " Referring to last year 's shutdown that many credit Cruz with instigating , Ellmers added : "  I think Sen. Cruz wants to fan the flames here but I think everyone here has become more savvy to his ways . " Senate Republican leaders and their aides expressed confidence the House bill would get enough GOP support to pass the bill and send it to the Senate . They adamantly oppose a government shutdown and the political damage they fear it would do just as Republicans are taking control of the chamber . "  There 's not going to be a government shutdown , " incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told XM Sirius radio on Wednesday . "  Obviously , we think the President has been way out of line with his executive amnesty and we certainly do n't approve of that . But , you know , shutting down agencies of the government that have nothing to do with immigration serves no purpose other than to rattle the economy . " Those House Republicans opposed to the bill say along with Cruz , other Senate conservatives like Jeff Sessions of Alabama , Mike Lee of Utah and David Vitter of Louisiana are pressing for the House to take a bolder stance . Some of these conservatives are complaining that this latest plan from Republican leaders does n't match the rhetoric they used after the President laid out the details of his plans on immigration last month . "  It 's hard for me with every major figure in our party -- starting with Reince Priebus coming down to the lowliest of members like myself -- saying we are going to do everything we can to stop this and to do nothing to stop it really hurts , " Republican Rep. Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina told reporters Wednesday . But House Republican aides say that discussions among members are n't turning up opposition from large numbers of members outside the group that typically splits with leaders on annual spending bill votes . Texas Republican Rep. Bill Flores , who was recently elected to head up an influential group of House conservatives , told CNN late Tuesday he thought what Boehner outlined was "  a good strategy . " "  We are where we are , and it 's still a decent way to handle it and still provide some ability to check the President later on , " Flores said . Georgia Republican Rep. Doug Collins was among a group of conservative members who met with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on Wednesday morning . He told CNN he is still reviewing the details , but is open to supporting the leadership 's plan . "  You fight strategically , " Collins stressed , noting he still serves in the Air Force . He said despite GOP Senators like Cruz and other outside groups urging a major effort to strip out money for the executive action , the reality is that until next year , Democrats still control the Senate so it 's important to look "  at the long term battle . " It 's possible some tweaks are made to the plan . There is some discussion about moving the date on the provision in the spending bill that funds the department of Homeland Security to late January , or sometime in February so that the newly sworn in GOP Senate and House can try to work on a strategy earlier to challenge the immigration plans . Ellmers predicted that Republicans will still need some Democrats will back the measure . That 's been the case with every annual and short term spending bill that has come to the floor since Boehner became Speaker . House Democrats are holding back on how they will approach the vote - saying they are still waiting on final details . On Tuesday , House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer called the GOP plan "  a game " and "  bad policy , " but declined to say he would urge his colleagues to oppose it . Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid suggested he could support the plan . For now , Democrats are once again enjoying sitting back and watching the public feud among Republicans .	Congress must pass legislation by Dec. 11 to avoid a government shutdown Conservatives are pushing back on a plan from Speaker Boehner House vote likely coming next week
CNN  -- Gather ` round , students : "  How to Get Away with Murder 's " Viola Davis is teaching a lesson in how to win a TV show . The Oscar nominee stars in ABC 's much-anticipated new drama from the house of Shonda Rhimes , and it debuted Thursday to critical applause and solid ratings . The third show in ABC 's new Thursday night block devoted to Rhimes ' programming -- "  Grey 's Anatomy , " "  Scandal " and "  How to Get Away with Murder " air one after another , beginning at 8 p.m. -- "  Murder " was the strongest of them all in terms of number of viewers . "  Grey 's " was watched by 9.8 million at 8 p.m. and had a 3.0 rating in the adult demographic , while "  Scandal " returned to its 9 p.m. time slot with 11.9 million watching and a strong 3.8 rating in the key demo . "  How to Get Away with Murder , " meanwhile , debuted to an audience of 14 million and had a 3.8 rating in the 18-49 demographic . "  Murder , " which is executive produced by Rhimes and created by "  Grey 's Anatomy " writer/producer Peter Nowalk , sees Davis play Annalise Keating , a smooth criminal defense attorney and professor who 's as alluring as she is mysterious . Keating shares the screen with a crew of eager law students working to win her approval . As their prof , she offers them a chance to intern with her firm if they perform well on an assignment . But the group of students we meet in "  How to Get Away with Murder " wind up facing a much bigger test when there 's a dead body involved . After catching the pilot episode , most critics agree that the students may be an integral part of the story -- which , despite not being created by Rhimes , certainly has her trademarks -- but it 's Davis viewers will come back for . "  While the show has certain Rhimes ' accents -- a strong female lead , a large and diverse ensemble , a willingness to pile on complications -- it is very different from any of the series she has written , " says the Los Angeles Times . "  Annalise wears neither a white hat nor her heart on her sleeve ...  and  seems more than capable of being both Sherlock and Moriarty . Backward , in heels . " For HitFix 's Alan Sepinwall , the pilot runs into trouble when it focuses too much time on the students and their deadly mystery . "  The characters involved are so much less compelling than Annalise that it feels like a magic trick gone awry -- sleight of hand that keeps pulling your attention from the one person who makes the show work , " Sepinwall writes . "  Viola Davis is a star , and it 's long overdue that she got to frontline a show like this . It 'd be a shame if that show winds up underusing her because it did n't trust that she 'd be enough through the sheer brute force of her personality . " The A.V. Club , which was also frustrated by a lack of Davis screen time , believes that the series has promise . " ` How To Get Away With Murder ' faces some of the same issues many Shondaland properties have faced : a weakness for melodramatic plotting that sacrifices emotional complexity for clich  s and mere complication , " the review says . "  But it has excellent bones , grounded in an outstanding pedigree and Rhimes ' demonstrated ability to keep an audience hooked from scandal to scandal . It 's not perfect , but it 's never boring . " After Thursday 's premiere , viewers seemed to agree , with many tweeting that they 've found their new favorite show . Did you watch ? Did you agree that the pilot needed more Davis and less focus on the students ? Let us know what you thought in the comments .	ABC 's "  How to Get Away with Murder " has received mostly positive reviews Critics have noted how well Viola Davis fills her role She plays a mysterious law professor and criminal defense attorney One aspect of the plot involves a murder
CNN  -- Drones are our latest Frankenstein 's monster . But our preoccupation with their novelty -- with the ethical hazards of remote killing and the possible violation , through surveillance , of life and privacy at home -- has obscured their roots in the deadly history of Western aerial control of the Middle East that began in World War I , exactly a century ago . As we recall the myriad ways in which that epochal war remade our world , it is time also to reckon with its unleashing of air power in the Middle East . Air power harks back to Civil War-era hot-air balloons and was used all over the theaters of World War I for reconnaissance , bombardment , and aerial combat . However , its potential was most rigorously tested and developed in the British campaign against the Ottoman Empire during that war . Aerial photography and signaling , the airlift , the aerial trap  bombardment of the head and tail of a column retreating through a canyon  -- all were developed in WWI 's Mesopotamia and Palestine campaigns , fought in the area of present-day Iraq and the Arabian Peninsula , north through Syria . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you The British fought these campaigns to safeguard the all-important land , air , and sea routes to British India and oil assets in the Persian Gulf . Aircraft were used in bombardments that wrecked trains and in irregular warfare , where they , for example , helped Arab guerrillas fighting the British-backed revolt against the Ottomans communicate and conduct reconnaissance . They were also used in deception strategies , such as in providing air cover to conceal troop movements before the surprise British attack at Megiddo . Most significantly , for the history of drones , their uses in colonial policing were discovered there and would echo through the century . When the tribes the British had "  liberated " from Turkish rule in the war "  got out of hand , " aerial bombardment became an instrument of everyday colonial discipline , inspiring "  terror in the Arabs , " official memos noted approvingly . Opinion : When chemical weapons killed 90,000 Aircraft seemed a panacea for what the British categorized as "  tribal " situations . Thus did the postwar British Cabinet declare that it was in the Middle East that "  the war ... proved that the air has capabilities of its own . " We may have forgotten this past , but in the region , memory of it shapes the response to American drones and airstrikes today . All this came about because of World War I-era British notions of the particular suitability of air power to the Middle East . Officials who guided the military effort in the region saw it as a land of mystery impervious to ordinary observation . Surveillance aircraft seemed to promise vision beyond the mirages , sandstorms , and distances that made it unmappable in their estimation . Commanders relied on them for "  obtaining ... accurate information " in a land where " little can be trusted that is seen . " And they provided access to forbidden sites . Conceiving the region as uniformly flat  despite its marshes , mountains and cities  , British Arabists assumed it afforded no cover . In fact , there were real limits to using aircraft even in the desert , but the idea of "  knights of the air " providing panoramic surveillance of an inscrutable antique land proved irresistible . So too did the image of aircraft turning Mesopotamia into a hub of modern transportation and thus restoring its status as the cradle of civilization , in some measure redeeming the material and human losses of the war . Opinion : Should nations pay the price for their leaders ' misdeeds ? British officials made much of the "  natural fellow-feeling between ... nomad arabs and the Air Force ... both ... in conflict with the vast elemental forces of nature . " Arabs could uniquely endure the violence of bombardment , Britons thought : In a biblical land , tragedy was a "  normal way of life " and bombardment understood as an "  act of God . " These wartime experiments with aerial bombardment and surveillance produced the postwar "  aerial control " regime in the region , a discreet and cheap mechanism for colonial rule in an increasingly anti-imperial world . Because the British thought of the Middle East as a region where all information was suspect and deception was everywhere , they saw casualty counts and accountability for errors -- like bombardment of the wrong town or tribe -- as superfluous . Opinion : How World War I gave us ` cooties ' After the war , the British Royal Flying Corps survived as an independent military service , rechristened the Royal Air Force , because of this role in the Middle East . The British used the RAF to police the new British territories in the Middle East with aerial surveillance and bombardment . This technique , known as "  aerial control , " spread to Palestine , Somalia , Yemen , and what we call "  AfPak " -- precisely where drones reign today . It was in Iraq and Afghanistan that British airmen in World War I and the interwar period -- including Arthur Harris , zealous head of Bomber Command in World War II -- acquired the experience they applied in the next world war . Opinion : The mighty women of World War I The British state propagated a myth of successful air control in the Middle East , but the technique never really worked . The British presence provoked insurgency and undermined local governments until the Iraqi revolution of 1958 , when the United States began its interventions in the region . Those who live under drones see them as the latest chapter in a long history of Western efforts to dominate the region with air power . The "  Reaper " dropping "  Hellfire " missiles again styles bombardment as a biblical fate . Today , too , casualties are not published and all the dead in a strike zone are presumed to be militants . Opinion : The ` bionic men ' of World War I We would do well to recall this aerial history of the very region where drones found their initial justification . Remote piloting was always an objective of aerial warfare ; drones follow rocket warfare and cruise missiles . Aerial warfare was always about minimizing casualties on one side and pursuing empire discreetly . Drones may be more precise than earlier aircraft , but the principle of cowing a population with ubiquitous surveillance and exemplary violence , without arousing the ire of a democratic public at home , remains their underlying principle . So , too , do notions of the Middle East 's particular suitability to aerial control . In our shock at the new , we have overlooked these Great War roots . In their recovery lies crucial insight into why an aerial strategy will fail in the Middle East , piloted remotely or on the spot . Photo blog : WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Priya Satia : Unleashing of air power in World War I resonates in drone use today Remote killing , surveillance used throughout war theater , but mostly by British in Middle East Air power gave British access to remote lands ; they 'd later use it for colonial policing Satia : Today 's drones are a new chapter in West 's efforts to dominate Middle East
CNN  -- An explosion that critically injured the chairman of the Arkansas Medical Board on Wednesday was caused by a bomb , police said . Dr. Trent Pierce was injured outside his home Wednesday , authorities and local media say . Dr. Trent Pierce was wounded when the car blew up in front of his West Memphis , Arkansas , home , authorities said . Earlier , police told CNN affiliate WREG that they did not believe foul play was involved . Pierce , a family practitioner who specializes in asthma , was flown to a Memphis , Tennessee , hospital in extremely critical condition , the station reported , citing police . The blast occurred at about 8 a.m. as Pierce got into the car , affiliate WMC-TV reported . Aerial footage from the scene showed the white SUV with its hood blown up and its front end extensively damaged . Medical board spokeswoman Peggy Cryer said the board heard Pierce was flown to the hospital but had no definite information beyond that . "  We do not know enough to give any kind of statement , " she said . Callers to Pierce 's office received an answering machine message saying the office is closed , but the call repeatedly disconnected during the recording , preventing messages from being left . Doris Davis , who works in an eye doctor 's office next door , said Pierce 's office staff is swamped trying to deal with patients who arrived for their appointments . FBI spokesman Jason Pack said agents were en route to the scene , along with personnel from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . The FBI is assisting local authorities in their investigation , he said . West Memphis , Arkansas , and Memphis , Tennessee , are separated by the Mississippi River . Pierce was described as a pillar of the community in West Memphis , a small town of about 30,000 people . Davis said Pierce is well-liked , active in his church and is married with two adult children . She said the FBI was at her office and interviewed her boss , Dr. Eddie Bryant . Bryant is a close friend of Pierce 's and went to medical school with him , Davis said . CNN 's Kathleen Shahriari contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say bomb placed in doctor 's car Dr. Trent Pierce described as pillar of community , well-liked Aerial footage shows Lexus SUV with its front end extensively damaged
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- U.S. and Pakistani troops exchanged fire Thursday along the Pakistani-Afghan border minutes after the Pakistani military fired shots at two American helicopters that were providing cover for the troops , a U.S. military spokesman said . Pakistan says it shot at two U.S. OH-58D helicopters like this one pictured in a U.S. Army photo . The U.S. Army OH-58D Kiowas , part of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force mission in Afghanistan , were patrolling the Pakistani-Afghan border when the Pakistani military fired on them , NATO and U.S. officials said . The Pakistani military said the fire was warning shots , and President Asif Ali Zardari said it was flares . Both Zardari and the Pakistani military said the helicopters had crossed into Pakistani territory -- a charge U.S. officials denied . Rear Adm. Greg Smith of U.S. Central Command said the helicopters were providing cover for a small U.S. military unit accompanying an Afghan border police unit on a routine patrol . After the shots were fired at the helicopters , Smith told CNN , the U.S. troops fired "  suppressing rounds " into a nearby hill to get the Pakistanis to stop . That prompted the Pakistani troops to stop firing at the helicopters and fire instead in the direction of the troops , he said . The U.S. troops then returned fire , Smith said . No injuries were reported in the five-minute incident . Smith and other U.S. officials said the helicopter crews did not fire back . But the Pakistanis disagreed , asserting in a written statement that the helicopters "  returned fire " after the initial shots were fired . "  The helicopters passed over our border post and were well within Pakistan territory " at the time that "  security forces fired anticipatory warning shots , " the Pakistani statement said . After the shots were fired , "  the helicopters returned fire and flew back . " The Pakistani statement did not mention exchanging fire with ground troops and did not identify the shots as flares , as Zardari did in New York in an appearance with U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . "  They are flares , " he said in response to a question asking why the Pakistani military was firing on NATO helicopters . "  Just to make sure that they know they crossed the border line . " Asked if such warnings will continue , he replied , "  Sometimes the border is so mixed that they do n't realize that they crossed the border . " Rice , off camera , agreed that "  the border is very unclear " and "  inhospitable . " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman reiterated the United States ' stance that the two helicopters were over Afghan territory . "  The Pakistanis need to provide the U.S. a reason to why this took place , " he said . The ISAF issued a news release saying that "  ISAF helicopters received small-arms fire from a Pakistan military checkpoint along the border near Tanai district , Khowst . " "  At no time did ISAF helicopters cross into Pakistani airspace . " The ISAF did not mention ground troops or say whether the helicopters returned fire . Both the ISAF and Pakistani military said they are working to resolve the issue . Last week , Zardari said Pakistan would not allow foreign nations to violate its sovereignty to pursue terrorists . "  We will not tolerate the violation of our sovereignty and territorial integrity by any power in the name of combating terrorism , " he said in his first speech to Parliament as president . His remark followed a similar declaration from Pakistan 's military chief , Gen. Parvez Kayani , who said this month that Pakistan 's territorial integrity "  will be defended at all cost , and no external force is allowed to conduct operations . " A senior defense official in the Pentagon said the Pentagon is trying to determine the details of Thursday 's incident . "  What we do n't know if this was just a case of trigger-happy members of the Frontier Corps , " the official said , "  or whether in fact the Pakistani military does have orders to fire on our helicopters . " "  We are confident our helicopters were on the Afghan side of the border , and we have no report they fired back , " the official added . Top U.S. commanders will be talking to the Pakistani military about the incident to determine if there was a misunderstanding and to ensure it does n't happen again , a U.S. official familiar with details of the incident said . The official said this is the first verified incident of U.S. troops being fired upon by Pakistani forces . There were at least two previous reports in recent days out of Pakistan about similar incidents , but the United States has said neither of those reports was true . Reza Sayah in Pakistan , CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and CNN senior Pentagon correspondent Jamie McIntyre contributed to this story .	NEW : U.S. says it returned fire after Pakistanis fired shots at American copters Pakistani president says military fired only flares Attack comes after president , general warned foreign troops to stay out Pakistani , U.S. officials say they are working to resolve the issue
Indonesia said Friday that Schapelle Corby , an Australian woman convicted almost nine years ago of drug smuggling , has been granted parole . Indonesian Justice Minister Amir Syamsuddin announced the decision at a news conference in Jakarta , the Indonesian capital , saying Corby 's parole review was one of more than 1,000 that had been completed . It was unclear when she will be released from the Bali prison where she has been serving her lengthy sentence . Corby , 36 , was convicted in May 2005 for smuggling nine pounds  4.1 kilograms  of marijuana in a bag , while arriving at Bali 's Denpasar International Airport the previous October . She has always maintained her innocence . Her lawyers argued the drugs were planted , possibly by airport employees involved in trafficking . But the court found her guilty and sentenced her to 20 years in prison . The punishment fueled anger in Australia , where many people said they felt Corby had been set up . After exhausting the appeals process , Corby applied for clemency . A medical exam diagnosed her as suffering from acute depression with psychotic symptoms . In 2012 , Indonesia reduced her sentence by five years , laying the foundation for her parole application . Corby appears unlikely to return to Australia anytime soon , though . Australian media have reported that she will have to remain in Bali on parole until 2017 . Some Indonesians have accused the authorities of giving Corby 's case special attention . But the justice ministry says she 's being treated the same way as other convicts in Indonesia .	The Indonesian Justice Minister says Corby 's is one of many parole reviews completed It 's unclear when exactly she 'll be released from a Bali prison Corby was convicted in 2005 of smuggling marijuana into Bali She has maintained her innocence ; her lawyers argued the drugs were planted
CNN  -- Friends of a 22-year-old Kentucky soldier suspected of spying expressed shock Wednesday , describing him instead as a patriotic and simple country boy dedicated to his job . Spc. William Colton Millay of Owensboro , Kentucky , was arrested Friday at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson , Alaska , according to Col. Bill Coppernoll , the public affairs officer at the base . The Army did not disclose the circumstances surrounding Millay 's arrest but his name immediately appeared online in conjunction with Bradley Manning , the Army private suspected of leaking classified information to the website WikiLeaks . But FBI spokesman Eric Gonzalez said Millay 's arrest had no connection to WikiLeaks . Nor did it involve any transfer of information , Coppernoll said . "  While we ca n't go into any specifics , this is completely different than the Manning case in that it does not involve the transfer of data on computer networks , " he said . Coppernoll said any information that might have been transferred was stopped and that "  Millay was being observed well before any damage could have occurred . " Millay was hardly fitting of a spy persona , said longtime friend Drew Bramschreiber of Owensboro . "  He 's just a simple country boy , " he said . "  He was never the kind of guy who would get into trouble . " Millay was not even that computer-savvy , Bramschreiber said . Millay was assigned to the 164th Military Police Company , 793rd Military Police Battalion , 2nd Engineer Brigade , known as the "  Arctic Enforcers . " The unit was sent earlier this year to Afghanistan . But Millay was part of the rear detachment and did not deploy , though his friends said he had done a tour the year before . Millay had been under investigation by the FBI and Army counterintelligence agents , Coppernoll said , and will face military charges sometime this week . CNN tried to contact Millay 's family Wednesday . A man who answered a telephone call placed to his family 's home in Owensboro said , "  No comment , " and hung up . But his friends could not believe the news . "  You 've got the wrong guy , " said Janssen Payne . "  That 's just not who he is . " Payne , who now lives in Phoenix , Arizona , said Millay idolized his brother , who is also in the Army , and that he had been in the ROTC program in high school . He was a supporter of George W. Bush and the U.S. war effort in Iraq and Afghanistan , his friend said . There was n't much to do in Owensboro so Millay and his high school buddies hung out at the mall or at Walmart , Payne said . They were cut-ups , making YouTube videos that spoofed Bruce Willis in the "  Die Hard " movies . But Millay dreamed of joining the Army and in 2007 , he enlisted . One summer day , while on leave from Afghanistan , he showed up at Bramschreiber 's house in Owensboro . They drank a couple of beers and talked . Millay told him that it was hard being on edge all the time . But he was n't different at all , Bramschreiber said . "  I suppose anybody can get messed up with the wrong crowd , " he said . "  Colton could 've done that but he 's a smart guy . " Janssen said the only way Millay would do something illegal would be if he thought he were protecting someone who had been wronged . But without any details yet of why the Army suspected Millay , it was difficult for Janssen to fathom that his friend might be in trouble . Millay was in custody Wednesday at the Anchorage Correctional Complex . His arrest "  was the result of the close working relationship between the FBI and its military partners in Alaska , " said Mary Frances Rook , the special agent in charge of the FBI in Alaska . "  Through this ongoing partnership , we are better able to protect our nation . " CNN 's Sara Pratley and Carol Cratty contributed to this report	NEW : William Colton Millay 's friends were shocked by the news of his arrest The Army specialist is suspected of espionage The case had no connection to WikiLeaks nor was any data transferred , the Army says A friend describes Millay as "  loyal to his country "
For soccer 's world governing body FIFA , it is an unwanted hat-trick . Brazil , who will stage the 2014 installment of FIFA 's showpiece tournament -- the World Cup -- faced a wave of protests about the costs involved in playing host when the forerunner to the tournament , the Confederations Cup , took place in June . Recently FIFA have also appointed a task force to examine the possibility of moving the date of 2022 Qatar World Cup to escape the searing temperatures of the tiny emirate 's Middle East summer . Sandwiched in between those two is Russia 2018 , who are again having to field accusations of racism among supporters of one of their biggest clubs . Manchester City 's Yaya Toure claims he was the subject of monkey chants from CSKA Moscow fans during their Champions League game on Wednesday and even raised the possibility of boycotting the 2018 World Cup . Ivory Coast international Toure declared himself "  furious " and in an interview with City 's TV channel called on UEFA -- European football 's governing body -- to impose tough sanctions on CSKA , and "  ban them for a couple of years . " While UEFA confirmed they 'd opened disciplinary proceedings against CSKA for "  racist behavior of their fans " after reports submitted from their two officials at the match , the club denies any allegations of racist behavior , and claim that UEFA 's delegate did n't hear anything untoward . Toure 's Ivory Coast teammate Seydou Doumbia , who played in the match for CSKA , said he had heard nothing in the way of monkey chants and told the club 's official website Toure "  clearly got worked up . " Doumbia distanced himself from those comments on Friday , saying he had n't spoken to any journalists after the game . Whatever the outcome , the furore has provoked another wave of negative headlines about the World Cup and brought the issue of racial discrimination into sharp focus . Brazil 's World Cup winning defender Roberto Carlos twice had a banana thrown at him from the stands in 2011 when playing for Anzhi Makhachkala in the volatile Dagestan region while Zenit St Petersburg were forced to distance themselves from a fans group who called for non-white and gay players to be excluded from the team . However , it is arguable that racism is way down the 2018 committee 's to do list of priorities . "  There is still this attitude in Russia that the 2018 World Cup is a long way away and they have got all sorts of problems they need to tackle before they even get to the issue of racism , " James Appell , a Moscow-based football journalist told CNN . "  I think the organizing committee for the 2018 World Cup has probably taken the decision that FIFA are much more concerned that the stadiums are n't going to be built , the roads will be bad and the railway links are n't going to be there by the time 2018 comes around . " While FIFA president Sepp Blatter declared himself happy with Russia 's preparations at a recent summit in Argentina , Appell argues infrastructure development remains a huge concern . "  So if a few thousand fans -- and I 'm not trying to diminish the issue -- but if a few thousand fans air these chants in a Champions League game in the year 2013 , they are pretty confident they can sweep that under the carpet , but they 've got to get the transport , logistics and stadiums in order . "  There are 14 or 15 host stadiums , how many of them are ready today ? None , not a single one . Some of them are built but need renovating ; some have n't even been built yet . "  That is where FIFA can say we literally ca n't hold a major tournament here if you do n't have stadiums or roads , so that is where the prime motivation is at the moment . "  To even get to the point where they can say ` Right , we 've solved that problem ' they are years away . " Russia 's organizing committee has insisted all stakeholders in Russian football have made it clear there is no place for racism in the game . It also pointed to a new ` Fans Law ' , ratified by President Vladimir Putin in July , that bolsters the sanctions available to the authorities when dealing with hooliganism by Russian fans , like stadium bans and harsher fines . "  What is clear is that football is uniquely positioned to educate fans in combating this global issue , " said the Russia organizing committee in a statement sent to CNN . "  The 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia , in particular , can act as a catalyst to positively change the mindsets and behavior across all involved in Russian football over the next four years . "  The Fans Law that was recently passed into legislation shows Russia 's determination to eradicate the problem for good . The 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia will be a festival of football where talented athletes from every corner of the globe will be celebrated . " Asked if infrastructure projects were being prioritized ahead of tackling discrimination , the organizing committee declined to comment further . Outside of Russia , condemnation of the alleged monkey chants aimed at Toure was rapid , with the Professional Footballers ' Association in England calling for swift action and the "  strongest possible sanctions . " The worldwide professional players ' union FIFPro said UEFA 's own racism protocol "  failed " Toure . FIFPro argued that after the 30-year-old Ivorian told referee Ovidiu Hategan of the alleged abuse , the official should have informed the safety officer to ensure a stadium announcement was made imploring fans to curtail their chants . If they persisted , the teams should then have been taken off the field . On Friday , UEFA president Michel Platini ordered an investigation into why the protocol was n't followed . The British ` Kick it Out ' campaign against racism called the incident a "  depressing throwback " and said it raised questions around the suitability of Russia as World Cup hosts . However , one seasoned racism campaigner , Piara Powar , executive director of the Football Against Racism in Europe  FARE  organisation , said it was unlikely that FIFA would consider replacing Russia as the host nation unless there was a wide scale boycott by the players involved . "  I 'm very confident that when it comes to the World Cup , the government , the football authorities will make sure that in terms of racism it 's a very clean World Cup -- I do n't think that is in doubt , " he told CNN . CNN investigates : Racism in Football "  Generally when these big tournaments take place the country rises to the occasion and people understand their responsibilities . "  I think the wider issue is the one that Yaya Toure has highlighted , which is that if the government and the football authorities in Russia ca n't come to terms with this , then should the World Cup be played there ? "  I think it 's probably too late for that but he also raises the prospect of players boycotting the tournament , that has never happened before and in the end if the African players were to do that then there would n't be a World Cup . " One of the most high-profile footballers ever to play in Russia was Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o , twice a Champions League winner with Barcelona and a four-time African Player of the Year . He spent two years with Anzhi , playing a season alongside Carlos , and told CNN recently that in his experience of Russia , the ultras there are no more or less racist than in other countries . "  Racism was n't born in Russia , " said Chelsea striker Eto'o . "  The first time I played in St. Petersburg , a lot of people told me , "  Whoa , watch out there , " when I came out onto the pitch to warm up , the fans stood up and applauded me . "  Racism is a question of education -- you get to one place and , in the moment , they do it to you . Or a lot of times , in the stadium , they do it to certain players -- not to offend you -- but to make you lose your concentration . "  And I 'll tell you what , same as they said about the World Cup in South Africa , Russia will be one of the best World Cups we 'll ever have . " Yet Appell insists there wo n't be an appetite to fight racism head on in Russia until the punishments meted out to clubs do them real damage . "  Futile is the word for potential punishments because there is no fear of any serious consequences , " said Appell . "  It has to be something on the horizon that is immediate and would affect all fans . "  There are certain things I think UEFA could do that might make a lot of Russian fans sit up and take note that would involve banning their clubs from playing in Europe or a serious sanction involving next year 's World Cup . "  What is key for the clubs is television revenue and the prize money they get from competing in Europe . As far as they are concerned fan behavior is an inconvenience but it is n't the be all and end all . "  What would affect them is if they were barred from competition and therefore could n't get that revenue . "	The next three FIFA World Cups , in Brazil , Russia and Qatar mired in controversy Accusations of racism again hurt Russia 's preparations for 2018 World Cup Yaya Toure claims he was racially abused by CSKA fans but Russian club deny it Russia denies prioritizing infrastructure projects ahead of efforts to tackle racism
CNN  -- He 's gone from being a backup dancer to the biggest thing in Asian pop culture , an actor and singer who has sold millions of albums . K-pop sensation and actor Rain faced your questions . The 27-year-old South Korean has even faced down U.S. comedian Steven Colbert in a spoof dance-off . The comedy skit came about after Rain placed higher than him in Time Magazine 's 2008 online poll of the 100 Most Influential People . As well as a sense of humor and dance moves that shook Colbert out of his satirical posture to praise , Rain is also known as one of the hardest working men in the entertainment business . Rain , real name Jung Ji-hoon , broke into the notoriously tough world of South Korean show business with JYP Entertainment when he was just 18-years-old . He made his first mark in Hollywood last year with a role in "  Speed Racer " appearing alongside Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox . As a singer with five albums to his name , he 's faced thousands of screaming fans at concerts across the world , and recently he faced your questions . Watch the show and find out what makes Rain tick .	Korean pop culture sensation will be on Talk Asia later this month 27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in Hollywood films Rain will be appearing with answers to your questions
CNN  -- The defense team for George Zimmerman -- charged with murder in 17-year-old Trayvon Martin 's death -- continued their offensive Friday , pressing in court for access to information they hope will shed light on what happened and exonerate the Florida man . In an interview Thursday with "  InSession 's " Jean Casarez , Zimmerman 's lawyer Mark O'Mara previewed the court action and reiterated the position that Martin , and not his client , was the aggressor in the February 26 incident . "  We will have a ... trial , and if that trial is fair , he 's going to be acquitted , " O'Mara said , ruling out a deal in which his client pleads guilty to lesser charges . While driving through his Sanford , Florida , neighborhood that winter night , Zimmerman spotted Trayvon Martin , whom he described on a 911 call as "  suspicious . " A dispatcher told the 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer not to follow Martin , but he did anyway . After an altercation , the unarmed African-American teenager was shot dead . Weeks after the incident , the case drew national media attention , and activists demanded an arrest . On April 11 , Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder . Defense lawyers have steadfastly maintained their client 's innocence , saying Zimmerman was badly beaten and acted in self-defense . They have challenged key pieces of the prosecution 's case . One of the most potentially pivotal pieces deals with a 911 call from that night in which someone can be heard screaming for help . The thinking is that the person pleading for assistance -- whether it was Martin or Zimmerman -- was on the defensive , and the other was the aggressor . A defense motion filed Monday in Seminole County court , which the prosecution replied to Friday , asks that Zimmerman 's lawyers be allowed to question for a second time Sanford police investigator William Erwin . Zimmerman 's lawyers claim that Erwin overheard the late teen 's father say the screaming voice was not that of his son . The father , Tracy Martin , has said he is "  positive " the pleading voice is that of Trayvon . In a response Friday , Assistant State 's Attorney Bernardo de la Rionda criticized the defense 's arguments and said Erwin "  never mentioned anything about overhearing Tracy Martin talk about the voice . " But the lead prosecutor did n't object to O'Mara and other lawyers deposing Erwin . Additionally , Zimmerman 's defense team filed several new documents Friday . One asks that the prosecution "  disclose all witnesses known to the state who claim to be familiar with Trayvon Martin 's or George Zimmerman 's voice that have heard " the 911 call . Zimmerman sues NBC Universal over edited 911 call Another motion asks the court to force Benjamin Crump , the Martin family 's attorney , to turn over the original recording and recording device that he used to first interview the late teenager 's girlfriend . Asserting that the young woman can prove Martin was killed "  in cold blood , " Crump said in March that the girlfriend "  completely blows Zimmerman 's absurd self-defense claim out of the water . " But defense lawyer Don West said Thursday that the recordings he 's aware of are a "  copy of a copy that 's disjointed and chopped and obvious that it was edited . " On Friday , Crump said he has already turned over the tape . "  The phone records speak for themselves , " the lawyer said . "  She tells him to run . He runs . And then , when you go through the 911 tape , George Zimmerman admits that he is pursuing Trayvon . " Zimmerman filed a different motion Friday , asking that he be allowed to remove his GPS monitor and leave Seminole County without the court 's permission . The document alleges that Zimmerman and his wife have lived "  in fear of violence at the hands of those who would wish  him  harm based on their misinterpretation of the events . " These and other court filings Friday follow other moves by Zimmerman 's team in recent days to raise questions in court and in public about the prosecution 's case . The next hearing in the case is set for December 11 . Last week , they released a photo of a bloodied Zimmerman taken a few minutes after Martin was shot dead . On Thursday , they filed a lawsuit against NBC for a report that O'Mara claims portrays his client as a racist and murderer ; the lawyer called it "  one shining example of what was done wrong to George . " "  They took an event and made it highly inflammatory , " said O'Mara of the NBC report that , according to the lawsuit , selectively edits audio of Zimmerman 's 911 call to make him sound racist . "  They wanted to be first , and ... they wanted to have the most sensational headline of that day . And they just did it . They just presumed , I think , ... they had a racist . " Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , is accused of fatally shooting Martin , who was African-American . NBC Universal disputed the accusations and issued a statement saying : "  There was no intent to portray Mr. Zimmerman unfairly . We intend to vigorously defend our position in court . " CNN 's George Howell and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	George Zimmerman is charged with murder in the death of Trayvon Martin , 17 His lawyers want to loosen restrictions on Zimmerman , saying he lives in fear The defense asks to talk to an investigator about a pleading voice on a 911 tape Defense says Zimmerman killed the unarmed Martin in self-defense
CNN  -- Christine McVie has n't ventured out on tour with Fleetwood Mac in 15 years , but she 's ready to get back on the road . Starting September 30 , all five members of Fleetwood Mac -- McVie , her ex-husband John McVie , Lindsey Buckingham , Stevie Nicks and Mick Fleetwood -- are launching a tour called "  On With The Show . " The trek will begin in Minneapolis and will then stretch across North America with 34 shows in 33 cities . A rep for the legendary band confirmed in January that McVie was rejoining the group after her departure in 1998 , and hinted that a tour was in the works . Over the years , McVie 's had a number of reasons for her exit , including the fact that she missed her native England . But on the "  Today " show Thursday , she also admitted that it was a persistent fear that got in the way . "  I had a fear of flying , " she said . "  I have n't flown for 15 years . " A keyboardist and singer , McVie joined Fleetwood Mac after original guitarist Peter Green left in 1970 ; she was married to bassist John McVie at the time . By 1975 , the McVies and drummer Fleetwood added two more members to the group : Nicks and Buckingham . The chemistry and talent among the five gave us albums like "  Rumours " and "  Mirage , " and established Fleetwood Mac as one of the most successful bands in pop music -- even as the band members themselves weathered personal storms . After Christine McVie left in the '90s , the group soldiered on with touring and new music as a foursome . Yet when Fleetwood Mac went to London last fall for a performance , they got Christine McVie to join them on stage for a rendition of "  Do n't Stop . " For her , it helped spark a pivotal moment that would inspire her to return to Fleetwood Mac . "  Walking out in London was sensational , " she said on "  Today , " adding that she 's rejoined Fleetwood Mac with a "  definite capital yes . " Tickets to Fleetwood Mac 's upcoming tour go on sale to the general public on April 7 . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Christine McVie has rejoined Fleetwood Mac with "  a definite capital yes " The keyboardist and singer left the group in 1998 for a variety of reasons One big hurdle for her was a fear of flying Now with all five members , Fleetwood Mac is looking forward to a tour
Teenager Ye Meng Yuan did n't die when a plane crashed at San Francisco International Airport last July . She actually survived the impact , only to die minutes later after a fire truck ran over her . Now , newly released video suggests emergency workers saw Ye 's injured body on the ground before she was fatally struck -- challenging earlier claims that she was accidentally run over because she may have been covered in firefighting foam . In the footage , one firefighter tried to stop an emergency vehicle racing toward the scene . "  Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Stop , stop , stop ! There 's a body ... there 's a body right there . Right in front of you , " the firefighter told the driver . The video was captured on a camera attached to a firefighter 's helmet and first aired by CBS . Another video from a fire truck shows a firefighter on the ground directing the truck around a victim , who was not covered in foam at the time . Ye , 16 , was on her way to an American summer camp from her home in China . Justin Green , a lawyer for her family , said the video shows several firefighters saw her lying on the tarmac , but none "  did the basic step of checking if she was alive . " "  It 's unthinkable , " Green told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  It 's unimaginable , because the first thing -- the first priority of the firefighters or any rescue personnel -- is saving lives , and the first step in triage is to take the pulse , check the respiration . That was never done . " A California coroner ruled that Ye was alive when flung from the plane but died of "  multiple blunt injuries that are consistent with being run over by a motor vehicle . " "  Those injuries she received , she was alive at the time , " San Mateo County Coroner Robert Foucrault said . Ye 's parents have filed a gross negligence claim against the city and county of San Francisco , arguing that the emergency responders who spotted Ye on the ground "  failed to move her to a safe location , failed to mark her location ; failed to protect her from moving vehicles in the vicinity of the aircraft where it was known that vehicles would be traveling ; failed to alert commanders at the scene ; and/or abandoned Ye Meng Yuan in a perilous location . " Green said the teenager 's parents were devastated by her death . "  In China , they 're really only supposed to have one child , " he said . "  This was the family 's only child , a girl who was a star student , who was the focus of their lives . Everything that they did was poured into this girl and her future , and that was taken away because of some terrible mistakes and inaction by the firefighters . " The San Francisco Fire Department declined comment on the video , citing the pending claim . But in July , Fire Chief Joanne Hayes-White offered her department 's "  condolonces and apologies " to the Ye family . "  We 're heartbroken , " Hayes-White said . "  We 're in the business of saving lives ... There 's not a lot of words to describe how badly we feel about it . " No charges for firefighter who ran over Asiana crash survivor Two other people died when Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crash-landed at the San Francisco airport July 6 . The National Transportation Safety Board said the jet descended in altitude faster than it should have , and had a slower forward speed than intended . Asiana : We 're paying $ 10,000 to each passenger in San Francisco crash	Video shows responders failed to determine whether Ye was still alive , lawyer says Ye Meng Yuan , 16 , survived the San Francisco plane crash last July But she was run over and killed by an emergency vehicle Newly released video suggests multiple emergency workers spotted her injured body
CNN  -- The civil war in Syria is morphing into a fight between ethnic and religious factions , the United Nations said Thursday . "  As battles between government forces and anti-government armed groups approach the end of their second year , the conflict has been overtly sectarian , " the U.N. Commission of Inquiry reported . The commission , tasked by the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights to report on Syria , made the assessment in one of its periodic reports compiled from interviews . This review covered the time from September 28 to December 16 . The update says government forces and its militias , dominated by Alawites , have been attacking Sunnis -- who are "  broadly  but not uniformly  " backing the armed groups opposing President Bashar al-Assad 's government . And anti-government armed groups have been targeting Alawites . Other minority communities , including some Christians , Armenians , Palestinians , Kurds and Turkmen , "  have also been caught up in the conflict , and in some cases forced to take up arms for their own defense or to take sides . " But the "  sectarian lines fall most sharply " between Alawites and Sunnis . "  In recent months , there has been a clear shift in how interviewees portray the conflict , " the report said , describing the conflict in sectarian terms . One person described shelling by government forces in Latakia province as fire from positions in "  Alawite villages . " Another described escalating tension in Daraa province between Shiites and Sunnis . The "  increasingly sectarian nature " of the fighting is a motivator for proxy groups fighting in Syria . Anti-government armed groups are made up of Sunnis coming from the Middle East and North Africa , the report said . Shiites from other countries are entering the conflict on behalf of Syria . The Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah said its members are fighting . There are reports of Iraqi Shiites coming to fight in Syria and Iran 's Revolutionary Guards providing "  intellectual and advisory support . " Christian communities spread across Syria have been under the gun and on the move . Homs , for example , once had been home to about 80,000 Christians , but the commission said most have escaped to Lebanon . "  The dangers are evident , " the commission said . Entire communities are at risk of being forced out of the country or of being killed inside the country . With communities believing -- not without cause -- that they face an existential threat , the need for a negotiated settlement is more urgent than ever . " More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict , including at least 85 on Thursday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . In a Palestinian refugee camp , a possible breather Government and rebel negotiators at the Palestinian Embassy forged an agreement to end the fighting in the ethnic powder keg of Yarmouk , a densely populated Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus where fighting has raged . Abu Mohammed , a spokesman for the pro-rebel Palestine Refugee Camp Network , said representatives for Syrian forces and the Free Syrian Army rebels decided that all armed groups , including the army and the rebels , should withdraw from the camp and leave it as a neutral zone . Also under the agreement , the pro-government Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command is to be dismantled and its weapons surrendered . The camp is to be managed by the independent Freedom Organization and the Islamic Jihad . But , he said , "  the implementation of the truce has been problematic " because of "  intermittent " government shelling on Yarmouk and clashes on the camp 's outskirts . The U.N. report referenced the Palestinians as one of the groups hit by the civil war . When Hamas , the movement controlling Gaza , broke with the government this year over its actions , "  divisions within the community hardened , " and pro- and anti-government groups emerged . Last month , mortar attacks killed 20 Palestinians in Yarmouk , and both sides blamed the other . And a prominent Syrian-born pro-al-Assad Palestinian was killed . Airstrikes on Sunday in Yarmouk killed and wounded residents , damaged a mosque and "  left the camp devastated . " The assault prompted a denunciation of the government from the Palestine Liberation Oraganization . The fighting forced the escape of many people to other places in Syria and to Lebanon , but Mohammed said several thousands have returned and some shops are opening . Many displaced Palestinians have been living for decades in Yarmouk , a nearly square-mile district about five miles from the center of Damascus . Formed in 1957 , the urban enclave is the largest Palestinian refugee community in Syria . Russia wants talks but is n't wedded to the al-Assad regime Meanwhile , Russia , long friendly to the al-Assad regime , is looking past the Syrian government for a solution . Russia 's president declared Thursday that its goal is to end the bloody conflict in Syria , not help the nation 's embattled president cling to power at all costs . "  We are advocating the solution that would prevent the collapse of the region and the continuous civil war , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said in Moscow . "  Not retain al-Assad and his regime . " U.S.-Russia ties stuck in the past To do that , he said , talks between opposing sides are crucial . "  First , people should negotiate , agree on how their participation would be guaranteed ... not first destroy everything and then try to negotiate , " Putin said . Al-Assad has not visited Moscow much in his tenure , and Russia does not have "  special economic relations " with Syria , according to Putin . Russia is "  not concerned " about al-Assad 's fate , he said . "  We understand what 's going on  in Syria  . We know that this family has been in power for 40 years , " he said . U.S. officials have accused Russia and China of blocking tough efforts against al-Assad by vetoing U.N. Security Council resolutions against the Syrian government . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	"  Sectarian lines fall most sharply " between Alawites and Sunnis , report says Many communities are caught up in the conflict Palestinians in Yarmouk refugee camp work to forge peace Putin says Russia wants talks but is n't wedded to al-Assad
CNN  -- Deep underground on the border between France and Switzerland , the world 's largest particle accelerator complex will explore the world on smaller scales than any human invention has explored before . The collider 's ALICE experiment will look at how the universe formed by analyzing particle collisions . The Large Hadron Collider will look at how the universe formed by analyzing particle collisions . Some have expressed fears that the project could lead to the Earth 's demise -- something scientists say will not happen . Still , skeptics have filed suit to try to stop the project . It even has a rap dedicated to it on YouTube . Scientists say the collider is finally ready for an attempt to circulate a beam of protons the whole way around the 17-mile tunnel . The test , which takes place Wednesday , is a major step toward seeing if the the immense experiment will provide new information about the way the universe works . "  It 's really a generation that we 've been looking forward to this moment , and the moments that will come after it in particular , " said Bob Cousins , deputy to the scientific leader of the Compact Muon Solenoid experiment , one of six experiments inside the collider complex . "  September 10 is a demarcation between finishing the construction and starting to turn it on , but the excitement will only continue to grow . " The collider consists of a particle accelerator buried more than 300 feet near Geneva , Switzerland . About $ 10 billion have gone into the accelerator 's construction , the particle detectors and the computers , said Katie Yurkewicz , spokewoman for CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research , which is host to the collider . In the coming months , the collider is expected to begin smashing particles into each other by sending two beams of protons around the tunnel in opposite directions . It will operate at higher energies and intensities in the next year , and the experiments could generate enough data to make a discovery by 2009 , experts say . Check out the collider complex 's six detectors " Testing the unknown Experts say the collider has the potential to confirm theories about questions that physicists have been working on for decades including the possible existence of extra dimensions . They also hope to find a theoretical particle called the Higgs boson , which has never been detected , but would help explain why matter has mass . The collider will recreate the conditions of less than a millionth of a second after the Big Bang , when there was a hot "  soup " of tiny particles called quarks and gluons , to look at how the universe evolved , said John Harris , U.S. coordinator for ALICE , a detector specialized to analyze that question . Since this is exploratory science , the collider may uncover surprises that contradict prevailing theories , but which are just as interesting , said Joseph Lykken , theoretical physicist at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory . "  When Columbus sails west , he thought he was going to find something . He did n't find what he thought he was going to find , but he did find something interesting , " said Lykken , who works on the Compact Muon Solenoid , one of six experiments inside the collider complex . Why should the layperson care about this particular exploration ? Years ago , when electrons were first identified , no one knew what they were good for , but they have since transformed our entire economy , said Howard Gordon , deputy research program manager for the collider 's ATLAS experiment . "  The transformative effect of this research will be to understand the world we live in much better , " said Gordon , at Brookhaven National Laboratory . "  It 's important for just who we are , what we are . " Black hole fears are "  baloney " Fears have emerged that the collider could produce black holes that could suck up anything around them -- including the whole Earth . Such fears prompted legal actions in the U.S. and Europe to halt the operation of the Large Hadron Collider , alleging safety concerns regarding black holes and other phenomena that could theoretically emerge . Although physicists acknowledge that the collider could , in theory , create small black holes , they say they do not pose any risk . A study released Friday by CERN scientists explains that any black hole created would be tiny , and would not have enough energy to stick around very long before dissolving . Five collider collaborators who did not pen the report independently told CNN there would be no danger from potential black holes . John Huth , who works on the collider 's ATLAS experiment , called such fears "  baloney " in a recent interview , and noted that in normal physics , even if the black hole were stable , it could just pass through the Earth without being detected or without interacting at all . "  The gravitational force is so weak that you 'd have to wait many , many , many , many , many lifetimes of the universe before one of these things could -LSB- get -RSB- big enough to even get close to being a problem , " said Huth , professor of physics at Harvard University . At the scene When visiting the general-purpose detectors CMS and ATLAS at the Large Hadron Collider , Lykken said he was awed that 30,000 tons of electronics would have to work without anyone fiddling with them all the time . "  It just blows you away to look at these things and realize they 're not only incredibly complex and huge , but they have to actually work , " he said . "  They have to work without people banging on them all day because they 're sitting underground all by themselves . " With twice as much iron as the Eiffel Tower , CMS will run at full power for the first time in conjunction with the first beam test Wednesday , Lykken said . The magnet serves to bend particles , whizzing by at almost the speed of light , to figure out what kind of particles they are . Although the detector 's parts weigh thousands of tons , in previous trials of CMS at lower power , the magnet actually yanked certain parts around because of its power , Lykken said . "  You 're talking about such incredible power inside both the accelerator and detectors that you never really know until you turn it all on what 's going to happen , " he said . Scientists around the world are pumped for the first beam . Fermilab , the high energy physics lab in Batavia , Illinois , and major collaborator on the Large Hadron Collider , will be host of a "  pajama party " at 1:30 a.m. CT that includes a live connection to CERN to follow the action . Cousins believes that because the collider pushes the frontiers of science and technology , it would be "  amazingly impressive if it works the first try , " he said in a phone interview from CERN . Any little disturbance of the magnetic field anywhere in the tunnel could stop the beam from making it all the way around . Still , after a 25-year wait , he 's not complaining . "  I personally will be fine if there 's some problem that has to be overcome in the next few days , " he said .	Large Hadron Collider will have first attempt at circulating a beam September 10 It 's the largest particle accelerator in the world and costs about $ 10 billion Lawsuits allege it could generate black holes that could eat the Earth Scientists say these allegations have no merit
After the massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , people everywhere are demanding common sense reforms to our gun laws . According to a January poll , for example , an overwhelming 92 % of Americans back background checks for every gun sale . We all need to take action to see real change . President Obama has unveiled a bold package of legislation , and our leaders in Washington are finally listening . We are encouraged by this , but concerned Americans must stand united against gun violence and put pressure on elected leaders to vote accordingly for real solutions . Like the president said during the State of the Union , this issue deserves a vote -- our elected officials are accountable to the survivors of gun violence and the families of victims , and they deserve a vote . Now more than ever , we need to provide support for the advocacy organizations that are working to establish a formidable counterweight to the gun lobby , which is well financed , well organized and will stop at nothing to protect the interests of the firearms industry and obstruct sensible legislation that will help save lives . Groups like the Fund for a Safer Future and Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- spearheaded by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg -- have been leading the charge in Washington for meaningful reform . It is incumbent upon all of us in the philanthropic community and the people served by these programs to stand firmly behind them during this critical time . We have been proud to join other foundations and grant makers in backing these organizations . With the help of our resources , they have conducted essential policy research , raised public awareness and launched national campaigns that have brought us closer than ever to stopping the bloodshed . But there 's still so much more that philanthropists can do to further this cause . Philanthropy , after all , is activism . It is not merely writing checks and throwing money at problems ; it is investing in solutions that can lead to momentous change . We have an obligation to help save lives . This is n't about politics . This is about reclaiming our fundamental right to safety . What better investment could there be ? Over the years , we have each financed major public institutions in Los Angeles and across the United States -- from opera houses to charter schools , scientific research centers to art museums . They have all contributed to positive change in our community and our country . But what good are they if our children are n't safe in their classrooms ? What good are they if a 15-year-old girl can perform at the president 's inaugural festivities one week and be gunned down in a Chicago park the next ? We need to take a comprehensive approach to reducing gun violence , and the time is now to do it . Supporting nonprofit advocacy groups will help maintain the energy behind reform and keep pressure on our elected officials . Political leaders can no longer duck this issue or the growing grass-roots movement that it has inspired . The philanthropic community can help ensure our elected representatives make the right decisions . Private citizens can help make a difference in whatever way they are able -- writing a check , donating in-kind contributions , calling or writing their elected representatives , volunteering time to a nonprofit .	Writers : Americans want gun reform : 92 % back background checks for each sale Obama was right , they say . Gun violence survivors , victims ' families deserve a vote Writers : Pro-gun reform groups need support to counter massive influence of gun lobby Donate , volunteer , contact lawmakers : Vote them out if they block gun reform , they say
CNN  -- Egypt and Algeria will have to face each other again in a winner-takes-all World Cup playoff match after Emad Moteab scored a dramatic goal in the fifth minute of injury time to give the Pharaohs a 2-0 win in Cairo . Amr Zaki had put Egypt ahead in the second minute in the Group Three clash but Algeria 's defense stood firm and they looked set to progress to the tournament in South Africa as the clock ticked past the 90-minute mark . But Moteab scored a sensational second goal which ensured the teams have identical qualifying records and will have to play again in a special one-off match in Sudan on Wednesday . In Group Two , Obafemi Martins struck twice to help Nigeria record a 3-2 victory over Kenya in Nairobi and clinch their place at the finals . Dennis Oliech had given Kenya the lead at half-time after his opened the scoring in the 16th minute but Wolfsburg striker Martins helped the ` Super Eagles ' hit back as he equalized in the 62nd minute . Everton forward Aiyegbeni Yakubu put Nigeria ahead but Nigeria 's were pegged back in the 78th minute when Allan Watende punished some poor defending . But Martins hit the winner in the 83rd minute when he swiveled and struck his shot past Kenya goalkeeper Willis Ochieng and into the net . Nigeria only secured their fourth appearance at the finals after they leapfrogged Tunisia -- who slipped to a 1-0 defeat to Mozambique -- to finish a point ahead of them at the top of Group Two . Dario Monteiro was the hero for Mozambique when he grabbed the winner in Maputo in the 83rd minute after he beat the offside trap and slammed the ball home from the edge of the penalty area . Paul Le Guen 's Cameroon booked their place with a 2-0 win over Morocco in Group One while Gabon 's dreams of qualification ended with a 1-0 defeat in Togo . Achille Webo and Samuel Eto were both on the scoresheet for the ` Indomitable Lions ' who will set a new African record of six World Cup appearances in South Africa . Webo opened the scoring for Cameroon in Fez in the 18th minute when his left-footed shot cannoned into the net off the post . Inter Milan striker Eto'o effectively made the result safe in the 52nd minute when he headed home Geremi 's corner as Cameroon finished top of the group . Gabon 's slim hopes of qualifying were dependent on Cameroon slipping up but ultimately their campaign ended in defeat to Togo . Lome Floyd Ayite struck in the dying moments which rubberstamped Togo 's place at the African Nations Cup in Angola . Sudan 's woeful run continued as they slipped to 2-1 home defeat to Benin and ended their Group Four campaign with just one point . A Razak Omotoyossi penalty gave Benin the lead before Mudathir El Tahir also converted from the spot but Romuald Boco gave the visitors the points . In Group Five , Ivory Coast ended their campaign unbeaten after they cruised to a 3-0 victory over Guinea in Abidjan thanks to two goals from Gervinho and one from Siaka Tiene . Malawi qualified for only their second ever African Nations Cup despite a 1-0 defeat to Burkina Faso with Moumouni Dagano on target in Ouagadougou .	Egypt and Algeria will face a special one-off World Cup playoff match after the hosts claimed a dramatic 2-0 win in Cairo Nigeria secured their place at the 2010 World Cup after two goals from Obafemi Martins gave them a 3-2 win over Kenya Cameroon confirmed their World Cup berth with a 2-0 win over Morocco as Gabon slipped to a 1-0 loss to Togo
The friend who was on the phone with Trayvon Martin when his fatal confrontation with George Zimmerman began said Monday she is "  disappointed , upset , angry , questioning and mad " at Zimmerman 's acquittal on murder charges . Rachel Jeantel called the verdict "  BS " and said Martin , 17 , was never aggressive . "  He was a calm , chill , loving person who loved his family , definitely his mother , and a good friend , " Jeantel told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , Florida , was acquitted Saturday of second-degree murder charges in Martin 's death . The killing sparked protests when police declined to bring charges against Zimmerman , leading to the appointment of a special prosecutor who eventually took the case to court . Prosecutors had argued that Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had profiled and pursued the African-American teen . Juror : ` No doubt ' that Zimmerman feared for his life As the last person to speak to Martin , Jeantel was one of the prosecution 's key witnesses . On the witness stand , she described how Martin told her over the phone that some "  creepy-ass cracker " was following him and how he turned toward Zimmerman and asked , "  Why are you following me for ? " Zimmerman had called police to report Martin as a suspicious person in his neighborhood . The unarmed Martin was wearing a hooded sweatshirt and was staying with his father at the nearby home of his father 's girlfriend . Juror : Jeantel was n't a good witness Jeantel dismissed arguments that the case had no racial dimension . "  It was racial . Let 's be honest , racial . If Trayvon was white and he had a hoodie on , would that happen ? " she asked . Zimmerman told detectives Martin began pummeling him when he approached him , against the advice of a police dispatcher , and that he had to shoot to save his own life . He did n't testify during the trial , however -- and Jeantel said his defense was "  acting like a punk " by attempting to paint Martin as a mortal threat . Despite outrage , federal charges uncertain in Zimmerman case "  If you were a real man you would have stand on that stage and tell what happened , " she said , calling Zimmerman "  weak " and "  scary . " Zimmerman 's lawyers successfully argued for the right to present evidence that Martin had marijuana traces in his system , but never brought that before a jury or presented any testimony about whether the drug could have affected Martin 's behavior . Jeantel acknowledged that Martin smoked marijuana , but added , "  Weed do n't make him go crazy , it just makes him go hungry . " Now that he 's free , can Zimmerman make a living ? The 19-year-old found herself in the unforgiving spotlight of a nationally televised trial , in which viewers criticized her for her dress , her weight and her speech and her combative manner on the stand . She admitted to lying about her age and her reasons for skipping Martin 's funeral . She later explained she is of Haitian descent and grew up speaking Spanish and Creole , and she said Monday that her speech was also affected by an underbite that will require surgery to correct . Jeantel on attorney Don West : ` I 'll hold it back ' A juror who spoke to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Monday said she had difficulty understanding Jeantel and did n't consider her a credible witness , "  but I felt very sorry for her . " "  She did n't ask to be in this place ... She wanted to go . She wanted to leave . She did n't want to be any part of this jury . I think she felt inadequate toward everyone because of her education and her communications skills . I just felt sadness for her . " Fringe protestors turn violent in LA after verdict	Zimmerman was "  weak " and his defense acted "  like a punk , " Rachel Jeantel says The case was about race , Jeantel says Jeantel calls Zimmerman verdict "  BS " Martin "  was a calm , chill , loving person , " she says
CNN  Sunday 's action in football 's Premier League failed to match the Boxing Day goal-fest but that did n't mean there was a shortage of drama . Most of it took place in Manchester , with surging defending champion Manchester City coming unstuck against relegation threatened Burnley . Cruising with a 2-0 lead after 35 minutes , City relinquished two goals in the second half to only settle for a point . Out went its nine-match winning streak . The second-half lapse meant City failed to close the gap to one point on leader Chelsea , which had earlier drawn 10-man Southampton 1-1 . The margin remains three points . Manuel Pellegrini 's men -- despite missing strikers Sergio Aguero and Edin Dzeko -- netted six goals in their last two matches and when the in-form David Silva and holding midfielder Fernandinho found the back of the net within 33 minutes , it appeared as if a landslide win was on the cards . But City relaxed and plucky Burnley -- which has improved in the past two months -- pounced . George Boyd began the comeback in the 47th minute before Ashley Barnes leveled past Joe Hart in the 81st . "  It was a big opportunity to get two more points , " Pellegrini was quoted as saying by the BBC . "  Everybody would think the game was over but I always say it is never over until the last minute . "  The pitch was very heavy , two games in 48 hours , but we were winning 2-0 . Once it was 2-2 we did n't have the legs to score . We only had two shots after that . "  We did n't play well in the second half . " Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was left bewildered with the officiating at Southampton , feeling his team should have been awarded a penalty when Cesc Fabregas hit the ground under a challenge from Matt Targett early in the second half with the score tied 1-1 . No penalty was given and Fabregas was booked by Anthony Taylor . In recent weeks , allegations of diving have centered around Chelsea players Gary Cahill , Diego Costa , Willian and Branislav Ivanovic . "  I ca n't believe that the referee did n't give a penalty , " Mourinho told Sky . "  I can believe that Southampton defended with everything they have -- good organization , good spirit , good solidarity between the players . "  I can also understand the game that my players played . They tried to win , especially in the second half , when we had complete control . I can not understand such a big penalty  decision  . Or I understand  it could be  a consequence of something that looks like a campaign . "  Out of nothing ,  West Ham manager  Sam Allardyce starts speaking about Chelsea players diving , and in another game it is another coach . " Chelsea bossed possession with 60 % of the ball but managed one shot on target , Eden Hazard 's clinical finish in first-half injury time . Morgan Schneiderlin was sent off for the fourth-place Saints in the 88th minute , tripping Fabregas for a second yellow . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal was not happy , either , unimpressed with teams having to play two games in three days . Such , however , is life over the festive period in England . After United and Tottenham played to a 0-0 draw in London , he described the football as ugly . "  The second half was a struggle , " the Dutchman told BT Sport . "  You can see the players ca n't recover in two days . It was an ugly match . " But United would have scored two or three goals in the first half if not for the heroics of Tottenham keeper Hugo Lloris . Elsewhere , Arsenal rose into a tie on points with Southampton after beating West Ham 2-1 on the road ; Stoke heaped more pressure on Alan Irvine by topping West Bromwich Albion 2-0 ; and draw specialist Sunderland could n't register a winner against Aston Villa even though it played most of the second half with an extra man . Their match concluded 0-0 . Hull must have thought its troubles were over when it beat Sunderland two days ago , but Steve Bruce 's Tigers fell at home 1-0 to last-place Leicester -- which had lost six straight . Crystal Palace , which sacked Neil Warnock on Saturday , claimed a point after holding QPR to a 0-0 result . QPR -- owned by Air Asia 's Tony Fernandes -- held a 5-2-2 record at home while losing all nine of its road games . In the late kickoff , roller-coaster Newcastle beat Everton 3-2 at home to hand the Toffees a sixth loss in their last eight . Struggling Liverpool hosts Swansea on Monday . No more EPL for Torres Mourinho and Chelsea will no longer be calling upon Fernando Torres . Chelsea announced late Saturday that the Spanish striker -- an $ 80 million flop for the Blues -- would be moving to AC Milan permanently following his loan move to the Italian giant . Torres scored only 20 goals in 110 league appearances for Chelsea in three years , although he won the Champions League during that time . It followed a prolific spell in front of goal with Liverpool . "  Chelsea Football Club thanks Fernando for his service during the past four seasons and wishes him the very best for the future , " a Chelsea statement said . Torres , according to reports , could be headed back to Atletico Madrid in another loan move . The World Cup winner first made a name for himself at the Spanish club .	Manchester City blows two-goal lead at home and draws lowly Burnley 2-2 Chelsea had earlier drawn 10-man Southampton 1-1 away from home Man City could have cut Chelsea 's advantage to one point atop EPL table Elsewhere , Manchester United and Tottenham played to a goalless draw
CNN  -- If a bed and 14 other antiques up for sale in New York next week look familiar , it might be that you saw them in a movie . An American Renaissance gilt , carved , inlaid and ebonized bed is expected to go for $ 500,000 . Pieces of furniture owned by two very rich 19th-century Americans were destined for a trash pile before they were rescued for the silver screen . They will find new life on the auction block next week . Made by the Herter Brothers in the 1870s , the furniture sat in Warner Brothers ' Hollywood props department since 1942 , when the studio bought it at an estate auction for a fraction of the original cost . Warner Brothers , owned by CNN parent Time Warner Inc. , could get $ 2 million from the auction , and it means valuable space will be cleared out in the props department storage . One studio source said using such expensive -- although authentic -- props on movie sets does n't make business sense . Jon King , director of Bonham 's , the New York auction house that will put the furniture on sale next Thursday , said he did not have the studio 's permission to reveal in which movies the furniture might have been used . You can watch post-1942 Warner Brothers period films to find them . "  You have to go slow-motion and stop and start an awful lot , " King said . "  I would imagine that if any of these were in movies they might steal the scene away from the actors , " said King , an expert in 19th-century furniture . A New York Times article about the furniture , published in 1995 , said it appeared in Warner Brother 's "  Saratoga Trunk , " a 1945 movie starring Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman . Few records were kept over the decades to track the pieces ' appearances , a studio source said . King said he saw Herter Brothers furniture from the same estate in Alfred Hitchcock 's "  Psycho , " filmed in 1960 on Universal 's lots . Universal bought its furniture at the same 1942 estate auction that Warner Brothers attended . The studio sold its collection years ago , King said . The furniture -- in American Renaissance and American Aesthetic styles -- was made with "  very exotic and very expensive materials " for two very rich California men -- Gov. Milton Slocum Latham and railroad magnate Mark Harper , King said . The most dramatic piece is an ornate bed commissioned for the master bedroom at Latham 's Menlo Park , California , home . It could sell for $ 500,000 , King said . "  A lot of people in the field regard that as the finest bed ever made in the 19th century in America , " King said . "  Basically , the quality of carving and the number of things going on in there in the bed , it 's just amazing . " Changing times and tastes made the furniture obsolete for anything but a period movie by 1942 . Movie studios were scouring the country for cheap furniture for their props departments , King said . But recent decades have see a steep rise in values for Herter Brothers craftwork , he said . King said next week 's sale is significant for collectors because "  this is the last studio collection . " The Herter Brothers -- German immigrants who set up their furniture-making shop in New York City after the Civil War -- also made furniture for the White House , where some pieces remain .	The furniture was owned by two wealthy 19th-century Americans Studio bought it at an estate auction in 1942 for a fraction of its original cost Auction house not allowed to reveal in which movies the furniture was used You can watch post-1942 Warner Brothers period films to find the antiques
CNN  -- All Blacks captain Richie McCaw is warning his side against complacency as they go into Sunday 's Rugby World Cup final against France as odds-on favorites to lift the William Webb Ellis trophy . While hosts New Zealand have enjoyed a relatively smooth and unbeaten passage to the finale of the global showpiece at Eden Park , France have been beaten twice and failed to hit their top form . But McCaw , who was left in tears as the All Blacks stumbled to a 20-18 quarterfinal defeat to the French in the 2007 World Cup , said Saturday that negative media coverage had given Les Bleus extra motivation to spring another upset . "  I 've got no doubt the French are going to play their best game and you blokes have loaded the gun for them , " he told gathered reporters at the official press conference . "  They 've got players who 've been around for a long time and they understand what it takes to win Test matches . " And as to France 's indifferent form , including a 37-17 loss to his team and a dismal defeat against Tonga in the pool stages , McCaw believes it counts for nothing . "  In a final it 's not about who ` deserves ' what , " said McCaw . "  It 's about who goes and plays the best rugby on that stage , in this game , that 's what we 've got to do . " The All Blacks , the traditional powerhouses of international rugby , are searching for only a second World Cup triumph , their only title coming in the inaugural tournament in 1987 when they beat France in the final in Auckland . New Zealand to end 24 years of hurt ? McCaw 's French counterpart and rival flanker Thierry Dusautoir said his team were determined to defy the odds after scraping into the final with a 9-8 victory over 14-man Wales last weekend . "  No matter whatever the sport , all kids dream of being world champions . It ca n't get better than being the world champions and to achieve those dream , " he said . "  We showed great strength to get here . There 's one match left and we need to prove ourselves . " France 's defense coach , Englishman David Ellis , is confident they can repeat their previous successes against the All Blacks and claims to have found chinks in their armor . "  We feel there are certain areas of their defense we can exploit , " he told the official Rugby World Cup website . "  There are things that we found out and we are quite capable of exploiting those weaknesses . " But despite Ellis ' bold talk , it would be almost unthinkable for the All Blacks to fail to deliver with a whole nation holding its collective breath . Rugby is the national sport in New Zealand and after the tragic events of earlier this year when Christchurch was hit by an earthquake and the recent oil spill in the Bay of Plenty , many have looked upon the World Cup to lift collective spirits . New Zealand prime minister John Key had no doubt when asked about the result on the eve of the final . "  I 'm thinking they 're going to beat them and beat them quite comfortably , " he said . With elections looming , Key will be hoping his bold prediction holds come Sunday night .	All Blacks captain McCaw says France will be dangerous World Cup final opponents McCaw played in New Zealand 's quarterfinal loss to Les Bleus in the 2007 World Cup French captain Thierry Dusautoir says his team dream of being world champions New Zealand bidding to win William Webb Ellis trophy for second time on home soil
CNN  -- Charmaine Jackson can tell you what she ate on any date for the past five years . She can tell you how much she exercised , what kind of mood she was in , how much water she drank -- even if she watched television while mindlessly munching away . All she has to do is flip through the pages of her 14 journals . The reason she began her daily record keeping was simple -- she wanted to lose weight and keep it off . It may sound extreme , but it paid off . Since she began keeping journals , Jackson is half the person she used to be -- going from 260 to 130 pounds . "  Journaling has  really helped me get an idea of what my behaviors are , what my patterns are , how I can make change for myself for good , " she said . "  You would n't see it unless you look at it over time and you really get a chance to see this worked and why . " 7 weight loss myths  sort of  debunked ` It made me be honest with myself ' Jackson , 53 , who lives in suburban Atlanta , said she did n't pay much attention to her gradual weight gain over the years . "  I really did n't see it was sort of a mindless eating , " she said . Stress from work factored in , she said , and she often had a quick bite whenever she had time . "  I 'd make dinner and then after everything was done ... I would be by myself for a little bit and I 'd have the TV  on  and I would just want to wind down , " Jackson said . That 's when she would start munching on chips or crackers . "  I would n't even know how much I was eating . It just went on . ... I just could n't stop myself . " Sorority girl drops 107 pounds Her breaking point came when she was laid off from her marketing job in 2007 , she said . "  That really made me say , ` OK , I got ta do something about my weight , now 's the chance , ' " she said . Jackson did what many people do -- she joined a gym . However , she found exercise alone was not enough , and she soon turned to record keeping . Despite holding bachelor 's and master 's degrees in nutrition , she had not been keeping track of her food and beverage intake . "  I felt very ashamed to say , ' I have the background and the knowledge , but yet here I am at 260 pounds , ' " she said . "  I was like the hairdresser who does n't have good hair . " Journaling , however , turned out to be a game changer for Jackson . "  That 's when the weight started to come off because I had already started exercising a little bit and that sort of triggered the whole exercise , eating , trying to sleep more ... trying not to stay up late and watch TV and really trying to track my moods , " she said . She was able to identify when she was mad or sad , and wanting to eat more . "  It was my truth serum , " Jackson said . "  It made me be honest with myself . " Other factors , not just calories "  She  is great proof of the benefits of self-monitoring in the weight loss and management process , " said Dr. Jessica Bartfield , a bariatrician at Loyola University Health System who sees both surgical and nonsurgical patients battling their weight . Team loses 400 pounds for Winter Games "  The easy answer to weight management is calories in , calories out , " Bartfield said . "  But there 's actually a lot of other factors that affect how much you 're eating . " Bartfield said other factors include a person 's hydration , sleep duration , sleep patterns and emotions . She asks many patients to rate their hunger and thirst while they are eating . "  Journaling  helps them recognize where they might be missing out and skipping meals , or going too long in between meals and therefore leading to overeating at subsequent meals , " she said . "  For example , it 's a very common pattern that people tend to skip breakfast . They do n't eat until lunchtime , and then they may overeat at that meal or overeat at dinner . " Bartfield added , "  Once you start writing that down -- what you 're eating and the timing of the food -- you begin to pick up on some of these patterns that can be changed . " Studies in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics and the American Journal of Preventive Medicine also support the benefits of journaling , although weight loss in both studies was modest . However , Bartfield said modest weight loss is "  underappreciated . " "  A lot of patients that I see come in with very high weight loss expectations and very few people say that their goal is only 5 % to 10 % of their body weight , " she said . "  Actually , that amount of weight loss has been shown very clearly to have considerable health benefits , including preventing future disease , reducing current diseases that are associated with obesity and helping patients decrease the number of medications they 're on . " She added , "  That 's actually my first goal for all patients -- modest weight loss , or simply 5 % to 10 % -- and I think that every pound counts . " Many times , Bartfield said , journaling is "  the No. 1 goal we start working on " with patients . And the year 's best overall diet is ... ` Road map ' to success An alternative to pen-and-paper journaling could be an application on your smartphone , said Marisa Moore , registered dietitian and spokeswoman for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics . Either way , Moore said she thinks of a journal as a "  personal road map " to weight loss , healthier eating and behavior change . "  Regardless of whether you 're eating something healthy or not , you 're forced to think about it . When we look at mindful eating practices , it 's about being aware , " she said . "  Using a food journal helps you to become more aware of what you 're doing . " For Jackson , mindful eating practices are a way of life . "  It 's saying , ' I owe this to myself . ' I need to be responsible for me and take care of me , and that 's something I never did , " she said . She has no plans to stop journaling but said she may soon begin record keeping online . "  Now it 's part of my daily habits , like brushing my teeth , " she said . Do you have a weight loss story to share ? Submit it to iReport .	Charmaine Jackson has gone from 260 to 130 pounds in five years She credits food journaling for helping her achieve her weight loss Studies and experts support journaling as a weight loss goal
One of the two women making history at the prestigious Augusta National Golf Club is a former U.S. secretary of state . The other , Darla Moore , is a former banking magnate and , by all accounts , a force to be reckoned with . Moore -- who , along with Condoleezza Rice , has been admitted as a member of the previously all-male club -- once graced the cover of Fortune alongside the words , "  The Toughest Babe in Business . " "  To get a picture of Darla Moore , imagine , say , a cross between the Terminator and Kim Basinger , " the 1997 profile read . Her friend and admirer Martha Stewart described Moore , who hails from South Carolina , as "  a cutthroat killer underneath . " Augusta National Golf Club admits first female members When she married Richard Rainwater , one of the country 's top investors , she was already the highest-paid woman in banking . She went on to nearly triple her husband 's net worth , the article said . Moore took on two fellow magnates and won . She "  booted " T. Boone Pickens from Mesa , the oil and gas company he founded . And she forced Rick Scott out at Columbia/HCA "  after the health care giant got slammed with a massive criminal investigation , " the article said . Scott is now governor of Florida . "  I 've harassed guys all my life , " Fortune quotes her as saying . Moore went on to found the Darla Moore School of Business , making the University of South Carolina the first major university to name its business school for a woman , according to the school 's website . "  Ms. Moore 's combined gifts of $ 70 million make the Moore School the beneficiary of one of the largest private donations to a U.S. business school , " the website says . The school 's bio of Moore notes that she is vice president of Rainwater Inc. and chair of the Palmetto Institute , "  a nonprofit think tank aimed at bolstering per capita income in South Carolina . " Celebration , surprise , humor after Augusta National admits first women While she has been largely out of the news for years , Fortune -- part of CNNMoney.com -- noted last year that she was "  back . " Moore was engaged in a battle with South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , a Tea Party Republican . Haley removed Moore , a political independent , from the board of trustees at the University of South Carolina , and installed a campaign contributor , the article noted , adding that Haley 's spokesman explained that the replacement , Tommy Cofield , shares "  the governor 's vision for higher education . " A firestorm of complaints followed . "  The whole state went nuts , " Moore told Fortune . "  Just like any savvy Southern belle , she summoned her sweetness to wage her battle and get her way . Convening students and TV news crews on the university campus , Moore announced a $ 5 million gift to build an aerospace research center named for astronaut Ron McNair , a South Carolinian -- from Moore 's hometown , in fact -- who died in the 1986 Challenger disaster . " She challenged the state to match her contribution . Haley called the request "  premature , " the article notes . Membership is latest honor for trailblazer Rice Earlier in 2011 , the South Carolina General Assembly passed a bill recognizing Moore , a native of Lake City , "  for her many years of service to the Palmetto State " and particularly to the university . The bill described her as an "  outstanding public benefactor . " Moore received her bachelor 's degree in political science from the University of South Carolina , and later an MBA from George Washington University . Rainwater is suffering from progressive supranuclear palsy , a brain disease referred to as PSP , Fortune reported in November , adding that he requires 24-hour care . Although it 's not life-threatening itself , the disease can lead to life-threatening complications such as pneumonia and swallowing problems , according to the Mayo Clinic . Billy Payne , chairman of the club in Augusta , Georgia -- one of the best known in the world and home to the annual Masters Tournament -- said Monday of Rice and Moore , "  These accomplished women share our passion for the game of golf and both are well-known and respected by our membership . " Augusta National no longer just a ` boys club '	Darla Moore and Condoleezza Rice are the first women admitted to Augusta National Moore was once on a Fortune cover as "  the toughest babe in business " Martha Stewart admiringly said she is "  a cutthroat killer underneath " Moore founded a business school in South Carolina
CNN  -- Flash floods swept Saturday through the eastern Indian states of Odisha , where at least 19 people were killed , and Andhra Pradesh , where another 21 were killed , CNN-IBN reported . "  The flood water entered our village suddenly , " one rescued villager told Reuters . "  We tried to save our belongings but could not . At last we ran away to a safe place . Now the problem is we do n't have food to eat and are staying under open sky . " But a local Puri government official , Madhusudhan Das , said help was under way . "  We have arranged for dry fruits and have also taken efforts for evacuation , " he said . "  We have arranged free kitchen for them . Tickets will be provided to them . We will give them house damage assistance . Houses have been damaged on a large scale . We are trying our level best to finish the huge amount of work within a week and we 'll also provide them assistance for house damage . " In all , 13 districts in Odisha were affected , P.K. Mohapatra , special relief commissioner , said in a telephone interview . Most affected was the Ganjam District , where 85,000 people were evacuated , he said . "  The situation is very grim as the entire Delta area is completely inundated , " Guntur district Collector S Suresh Kumar told CNN 's sister network . "  Drains and tanks are overflowing and there is a threat of breaches occurring at some places because of the nonstop rain . " Flooding led officials to cancel the fifth of a planned series of seven One Day International cricket matches between India and Australia .	"  The entire Delta area is completely inundated , " an official says Flooding led to the cancellation of a cricket match between India and Australia Ganjam District was most heavily affected , with 85,000 people evacuated
Cesar Chavez is something of a national icon . His face is on a U.S. postage stamp . Countless statues , murals , libraries , schools , parks and streets are named after him -- he even has his own national monument . He was on the cover of Time magazine in 1969 . A naval ship was named after him . The man even has his own Google Doodle and Apple ad . Yet his footprint in American history is widely unknown and that 's exactly the reason why actor-turned-director Diego Luna decided to produce a movie about his life . "  I was really surprised that there was n't already a film out about Chavez 's life , so that 's why I spent the past four years making this and hope the country will join me in celebrating his life and work , " Diego Luna said during Tuesday 's screening of "  Cesar Chavez : An American Hero " in New York . The movie opens nationwide on Friday . After seeing farm workers harvesting the country 's food unable to afford feeding their own families -- let alone the deplorable working conditions they faced -- Chavez decided to act . He and Dolores Huerta co-founded what 's now known as the United Farm Workers . They became the first to successfully organize farm workers while being completely committed to nonviolence . Without Chavez , California 's farm workers would n't have fair wages , lunch breaks and access to toilets or clean water in the fields . Not to mention public awareness about the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and helping outlaw the short-handled hoe . Despite widespread knowledge of its dangers , this tool damaged farm workers ' backs . His civil rights activism has been compared to that of Martin Luther King Jr. and Mahatma Gandhi . Difficult conditions in America 's fields But as the film successfully highlights Chavez 's accomplishments , viewers will also be confronted with an uncomfortable truth about who picks their food and under what conditions . Unfortunately , Chavez 's successes do n't cross state lines . States such as New York , where farm workers face long hours without any overtime pay or a day of rest , are of concern for human rights activist Kerry Kennedy , president of the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights . The Kennedys have been supporters of the UFW since Sen. Robert Kennedy broke bread with Chavez during the last day of his fast against violence in 1968 . "  New York is 37 years behind California . Farm workers here can be fired if they tried collective bargaining , " Kennedy said after the "  Cesar Chavez " screening . "  We need a Cesar Chavez . " Opinion : Why I did n't eat for 22 days California is still the only state where farm workers have the right to organize . Kennedy is urging the passing of the Farmworkers Fair Labor Practices Act , which would give farm workers the right to one day of rest each week , time-and-a-half pay for work past an eight-hour day , as well as unemployment , workers ' compensation and disability insurance . It 's not just New York . Farm workers across the country face hardship . In Michigan 's blueberry fields , there 's a great deal of child labor , Rodriguez said . "  Because they 're paid by piece-rate , it puts a lot of stress on all family members to chip in . Plus , families work under one Social Security number because about 80 % of the farm worker population is undocumented , " Rodriguez added . That 's why the UFW and major grower associations worked closely with the Senate 's immigration reform bill to include special provisions that would give farm workers legal status if they continued to work in agriculture . "  Farm workers should n't struggle so much to feed their own families , and we can be part of that change , " Luna said . A national holiday in honor Chavez ? To help facilitate that change , Luna and the film 's cast -- Michael Pea as Chavez , America Ferrera as his wife , Helen , and Rosario Dawson as labor leader Dolores Huerta -- have been trekking all over the country promoting the film and a petition to make Chavez 's birthday on March 31 a national holiday . "  We are n't pushing Cesar Chavez Day just to give people a day off . It 's to give people a ` day on ' because we have a responsibility to provide service to our communities , " United Farm Workers president Arturo Rodriguez told CNN . In 2008 , President Barack Obama showed his support for the national holiday and even borrowed the United Farm Workers famous chant "  Si Se Puede ! ' -- coined by Dolores Huerta -- during his first presidential campaign . Obama endorsed it again in 2012 , when he created a national monument to honor Chavez , but the resolution still has to be passed by Congress to be recognized as a national holiday . Right now , Cesar Chavez Day is recognized only in California , Texas and Colorado . Huerta , 83 , is still going strong in her activism and has also helped promote the film . She said she wishes the film could have included more history , but she knows it 's impossible . "  There were so many important lessons in the film . All the sacrifices Cesar and his wife , Helen , had to make and the obstacles we had to face against the police and judges . We even had people that were killed in the movement but we were still able to organize , " Huerta said . Actor Tony Plana , who attending the New York screening , knew the late Chavez and credited him with the launch of his acting career . Plana , known for his role as the father on ABC 's "  Ugly Betty " TV series , said his first acting gig was in the UFW 's theatrical troupe educating and helping raising farm workers ' awareness about their work conditions . "  I 've waited more than 35 years for this film to be made , and I ca n't tell you how honored I am to finally see it happen , " Plana told CNN . Cesar Chavez an inspiration to Obama campaign It 's not that there was n't interest in making the biopic before : Hollywood studios and directors have approached the Chavez family in the past , but the family kept turning them down , mainly for two reasons . "  Well , first Cesar did n't want to spend the time making the film because there was so much work to do , and he was hesitant on being singled out because there were so many others that contributed to the UFW 's success , " said Rodriguez . It was n't until Luna came around and asked the Chavez family how they felt the movie should be made that the green light was given . But when it came time to getting the funding to produce the film , Hollywood was not willing . "  Hopefully this film will send a message to Hollywood that our -LSB- Latino -RSB- stories need to be portrayed in cinema , " Luna added . "  Latinos go to the movies more than anyone else , but we 're the least represented on screen . It does n't make any sense , " Dawson told CNN . In 2012 , Hispanics represented 18 % of the movie-going population but accounted for 25 % of all movies seen , according to Nielsen National Research Group . "  I hope young people use the power of social media to help spread the word about social change , " Dawson said . "  There is power in being a consumer and boycotting . If we want more as a community , we need to speak up . "	Cesar Chavez 's life not widely known , but actor-director Diego Luna hopes to change that Kennedy : "  New York is 37 years behind California . We need a Cesar Chavez . " Film depicts Chavez and UFW 's success , but there is still more work to be done Luna : "  Farm workers should n't struggle so much to feed their own families "
The boy 's stories are heartbreaking : "  My dad drinks and hits me ... my mom chose drugs over me ... my home on the reservation is n't a safe place for me to be , " wrote Josh Little Bear . His request seems reasonable -- send a few dollars to help St. Joseph 's Indian School to keep "  kids like me safe ... so we do n't have to live this way anymore . " The story , begging for help , is part of massive national marketing campaign involving 30 million pieces of a mail a year . And it 's a successful one , raising more than $ 50 million last year . But Josh Little Bear does n't exist . It 's not just a pseudonym to protect a child . The story is a fabrication , a compiling of events that may or may not have happened to paint a broad picture that Native American leaders say does not exist . Officials at St. Joseph 's Indian School -- a 200-person boarding school in Chamberlain , South Dakota , that 's affiliated with a Roman Catholic charity based in Wisconsin -- say they send out waves of mailings three or four times a year . The latest , a Christmas-oriented mailer , was sent in early November , according to the school 's director of communications . The packets include calendars , personalized return address stickers , notepads , elaborate stickers and a so-called "  Dreamcatcher , " a Native American handicraft that by tradition gives its owners good dreams . The Christmas appeal introduced "  Emily High Elk . " A year ago when her family brought her to the school , the letter says , "  y  ou could see the hopelessness she felt in her dark brown eyes . " Now , the letter goes on , "  her big bright smile reveals how her life has changed . " But again , "  Emily High Elk , " is more than a pseudonym . The girl whose life is described in the letter does not exist . According to its financial statements , St. Joseph 's Indian School raised more than $ 51 million last year from millions of Americans who donated because of those mailings . CNN began receiving complaints about mailings like this more than two years ago . When asked about Josh Little Bear 's letter , Kory Christianson , the director of development , wrote us that there was no such student . "  The name ` Josh Little Bear ' is fictitious , " he wrote , "  but unfortunately , his story is not . " The letter , he added , "  is a true story of the very real and challenging situations that far too many children face not only in the Native American community , but in families found in every sphere of society . " He said it was n't the "  intention to disparage in any way the Native American community . " But some Native Americans say there is deliberate disparagement and that it 's a marketing technique . A half-hour drive away from St. Joseph 's is the Crow Creek Lakota Sioux reservation in central South Dakota , where its vice chairman , Leonard Pease , scoffed at the fundraising letter . "  That 's how they get their money , " he told CNN . "  To me , they make the Indians look bad . " Michael Roberts , president of the First Nations Development Institute that aims to strengthen and support Native communities , went further . He termed the fundraising letter and the admission that the child is nonexistent as "  poverty porn . " "  They are raising money in the name of Indians , using the worst of poverty porn of all Indian country to raise money on all our social ills , " said Roberts , whose Colorado-based group represents six Native American nonprofit organizations . It seems that the money being raised is being used for the right reasons , as far as CNN could see . We were given a tour of the school but were not allowed to film . The complex , on the banks of the Missouri River , looks like a nice place and the children seemed happy , well-fed and well-housed . We tried unsuccessfully to interview the leadership of St. Joseph 's . The communications director , Jona Ohm , first invited us to meet the school president at the small museum operated by the school . The president , Mike Tyrell , acknowledged that the mailings "  push the edge " of marketing and asking about them "  is a legitimate question . " But Ohm told us to stop . "  You do n't have permission to record in any way , shape or form , " she said . According to its own financial statement for 2013 , St. Joseph 's has abundant assets . Cash on hand was listed at more than $ 122 million in June 2013 , an increase of more than $ 18.5 million over the previous year .	St. Joseph 's Indian School raises over $ 50 million annually from donations It sends waves of mailings across the country asking for help A Native American leader denounces the tactics , calling them "  poverty porn " The school admits that the author of a begging letter does not exist
New York  CNN  -- Facebook is embroiled in another controversy after the popular social networking site on Monday temporarily disabled a page that calls for a boycott of oil giant BP . Facebook officials said Tuesday the site was removed in error through a technological glitch and has been restored . The Boycott BP page aims to organize a worldwide boycott of BP stations and all its brands in response to the disastrous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . It urges visitors to "  Boycott BP stations until the spill is cleaned up . " In addition to the station boycott , it advocates boycotting Castrol , Arco , Aral , Amoco , am/pm and even the Wild Bean Cafe . The group said it has more than 700,000 members . The site went down Monday , with visitors redirected to Facebook 's home page . Facebook spokeswoman Annika Heinle said there was nothing sinister behind the move , and an automated system mistakenly flagged the page for removal . "  The administrative profile of the BP Boycott page was disabled by our automated systems , therefore removing all the content that had been created by the profile , " a Facebook statement said . "  After a manual review , we determined the profile was removed in error , and it now has been restored along with the page . " The missing page prompted a protest from Public Citizen , a nonprofit public interest group that has been promoting the boycott . It called the removal of the page irresponsible and said users should be given a better explanation . "  I do n't think it 's much of an explanation at all , " said Greg Beck , a Public Citizen attorney . "  They did n't explain why their system took it down , and just the fact that a community that large -- with more than 700,000 users -- could be taken down without explanation is problem . The automated system does n't tell us that much . " He added , "  Facebook and other social websites have become the public squares of the internet -- places where citizens can congregate as a community to share their opinions and voice their grievances . Facebook 's ownership of this democratic forum carries great responsibility . " BP said it was n't involved . "  We had absolutely nothing to do with this . When we were first asked about it we contacted Facebook , and their mistake was rectified , " said Robert Wine , a BP spokesman . The controversy comes as the oil spill is in its 71st day , with BP saying it is likely to take until August before relief wells might be able to stem the flow . The Boycott BP page is filled with posts from users who decry BP 's handling of the spill , as well as a few who say a boycott is not the answer . BP has more than 11,000 stations in the United States , which sell more than 42 million gallons of gas a day . Critics of the boycott note that BP does n't own the stations -- independent franchisees do -- and they 're the ones who would be hurt . Advocates said the target of the boycott is wide , and even if they ca n't make a dent in BP 's billions of dollars in sales , they can make a moral point .	NEW : BP says it had "  absolutely nothing to do " with page being disabled "  Boycott BP " Facebook page restored after going down Monday Facebook says the page was removed mistakenly by an automated system Move prompts criticism by boycott advocates
CNN  The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman on Thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS . She 's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges . Two New York women were also taken into custody . An FBI complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to August 2013 that were sent by Keonna Thomas , 30 , also known as "  Young Lioness " and "  Fatayat Al Khilafah . " One Twitter message said , "  If we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray ALLAH accept us as shuhada -LSB- martyrs -RSB- . " Another said , "  When you 're a mujahid -LSB- violent jihadi fighter -RSB- your death becomes a wedding . " The FBI said Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey on March 23 . Turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter Syria and join ISIS . An ISIS manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation spots such as Spain and then purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas , the FBI said . On March 26 , Thomas purchased a ticket to Barcelona , with a March 29 departure and an April 15 return to the United States , the complaint said . It 's not clear when or where she was arrested . She was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization . She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison . On Thursday , Noelle Velentzas , 28 , and her former roommate , Asia Siddiqui , 31 , were arrested in New York and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the United States , federal prosecutors said . In the past 18 months , the Justice Department 's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups . Of those cases , 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS . "  The terrorist threat is more decentralized , more diffuse , more complicated , " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday . "  It involves the potential lone wolf actor , it involves the effective use of social media , the Internet . "	The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas , 30 She 's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Christine King Farris was sewing an Easter dress for her daughter in their Atlanta home one rainy April evening when the nightly news was interrupted by a special report . A lone survivor , Farris , 80 , is writing a memoir about life with her brother called "  Through It All . " The newscaster announced that Farris ' younger brother , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , had been shot in Memphis , Tennessee . Another update came minutes later : King was in critical condition . "  It was a horrible moment , " Farris said of that night in 1968 . "  I tried to call my sister-in-law ; the lines were busy . I tried to call my parents ; the lines were busy . I could n't get anybody . " While boarding a plane for Memphis , Farris learned that her brother was dead . It was the beginning of a string of family tragedies . Her only surviving sibling , younger brother A.D. , drowned the next summer . Her mother , Alberta , was shot dead five years later while playing the "  Lord 's Prayer " on an organ in church on Sunday morning . Farris raises her hands in bewilderment when she contemplates the losses . "  I think of the things that I 've faced in my life , and sometimes I question how I 'm still here , " Farris , 80 , said in her office at Spelman College , surrounded by photographs of her famous brother and other civil rights leaders she once knew . "  I 'm the lone survivor in my family , " Farris said . This year , the civil rights community will gather in Memphis on April 4 to mark the 40th anniversary of King 's assassination , but Farris will not join them . She is talking publicly about the death of her younger brother for the first time , but a return to Memphis is not part of her agenda . "  I ca n't go , " she said . "  I 've not been there since the time we went to gather my brother . My memory of Memphis is not a pleasant one . It 's one that I can not erase . " Farris is remembering her brother in another way . She is writing a memoir about her life with him called "  Through It All . " A formal and reserved woman , Farris has spent the past year delving into her ugliest memories . "  It 's been a real challenge , " she said . "  I 've had to relive those moments . Sometimes it affects me more than others . I try to live with it . " She says it 's important for her to push past those painful memories , because she wants to humanize her younger brother . Everyone has heard about King , the civil rights icon . She wants to strip away those platitudes to reveal the playful brother she knew . "  He was normal as a person could be , " she said . "  I really want people to understand that . I want people not to think of him as some mythic character from out of space . " The mythic nature of King 's ministry , though , is palpable in Farris ' roomy office at Spelman , the predominantly black women 's college where she has taught education for 49 years . Farris stores photos of her brother on her desktop computer as screensavers . As each image shifts to another , her computer plays highlights of her brother 's most famous public speeches . Isaac N. Farris Jr. , her only son , says his mother still plays recordings of her brother 's speeches and reads his manuscripts at home . They were n't just siblings . They were friends . "  She was the first one to meet Mrs. Coretta -LSB- King 's wife , Coretta Scott King -RSB- . She lent him money for his engagement rings , " he said . "  Over the years , she 's especially talked about missing the friendship they had . " The resemblance to her brother is obvious up close . She has the same square face and the same measured , Baptist preacher 's drawl . She says she 's accustomed to people staring at her when they encounter her in Ebenezer Baptist Church , the Atlanta church her brother once led that she still attends . "  Sometimes people will point me out and say , ` That 's Dr. King 's sister , ' " she said . "  And , of course , I 'm immediately surrounded by people . Sometimes , it 's a little uncomfortable . I try to be as cordial as I can . ... People come up and ask , ` Are you Dr. King 's sister ? ' I ca n't say no . " Farris says she had no inkling that her brother would become such an iconic figure . She remembers the little brother who loved playing pool , doing the jitterbug dance and telling jokes . She also recalls his nickname as a young man : Tweed . "  He had this tweed suit , and he loved it , " she said , smiling . "  He would wear it so much so the boys nicknamed him Tweed . " Farris ' son says his mother still retains some of that playful side herself . He occasionally catches her dancing around the house to contemporary R&B music . "  I 've seen her do the electric slide , " he said . "  She gets a kick out of it . " When Farris ' brother was thrust to the forefront of the civil rights movement , both were aware of the danger to him . But they never talked about it . "  When you are a part of it , you do n't really take the time to sit down and think , " she said . "  It did n't really bother us too much . We were conscious that it could happen , but it did n't occupy front space , so to speak . " When April 4 , 1968 , did come , Farris says , others stepped in to help her shoulder her grief . Sen. Robert Kennedy dispatched a plane to Atlanta to take her and King 's widow to Memphis . Her voice remains level as she talks about the plane ride . Then her eyes start to mist . She says she never left the plane when it arrived . She watched her brother A.D. come on the plane with the Rev. Andrew Young and the Rev. Ralph Abernathy , two of King 's closest aides . "  They were crying like babies , " she said . She says she has tried to remember when she last talked to her brother , but it 's frustrating . "  I 've been trying to think about that . He had a meeting with his staff the Saturday before he went to Memphis , but I did n't get to talk to him . Then ... " Farris halts herself in mid-sentence . Then her voice trails off . Her only son says his mom has been a "  rock " for the family . He says he 's never seen her cry about the loss of his famous uncle . The only time he remembers seeing her cry is when her remaining brother , A.D. , drowned in 1969 . "  My mother let out a yell that still to this day brings tears to my eyes , " he said . Farris has carved out her own life of distinction . She married and has two children with Isaac N. Farris Sr. , an entrepreneur . She 's written a children 's book on her brother titled "  My Brother Martin : A Sister Remembers Growing Up with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. " She 's also dabbled in public speaking and served as an executive at the King Center , the Atlanta-based center devoted to the teaching of King 's nonviolent philosophy . Only recently , though , Farris experienced another series of losses . Her brother 's widow , Coretta Scott King , died two years ago from cancer . And Yolanda King , her brother 's oldest child , died from an apparent heart condition last year . Yet she and her son shrug off any suggestion that her family , like the Kennedy clan , is somehow marked for tragedy . "  God never puts on us what we ca n't bear , " she said . "  We never embraced that ; others have , " added her son , who is CEO of the King Center . "  We have felt through it all , we 're still blessed . That 's the way we were taught . " Forty years after her brother 's untimely death , Farris will return to Memphis , but only through her memories . As she sits in her office surrounded by those memories , she says it 's now more urgent than ever that she add her own chapter to his story . She 's the only one left . "  I thought about all that I 've been through and all these memories and sometimes it gets tough , " she said . "  By being the lone survivor , if I do n't do this , a part of history will be left out . "	King 's sister was sewing an Easter dress when she saw TV report he was shot Farris : Memory of Memphis "  not a pleasant one . ... It 's one that I can not erase " She remembers her brother loved playing pool , doing jitterbug and telling jokes Despite loss of loved ones , Farris says , "  God never puts on us what we ca n't bear "
CNN  -- History has its holy wars . Economic wars . Civil wars . World wars . Six-Day War . Hundred Years ' War . The latter a toddler on the line of time compared with the Christmas war . Almost 1,700 years -- and counting -- on when , and how , to celebrate Christmas . If , at all . We 're not talking the Grinch here . Stealing Christmas . No , no , no . Obliteration . Elimination . Eradication . In the early centuries of Christianity 's existence , there was no consensus on the date of Jesus ' birth , or even on whether the day , whatever it was , should be celebrated as a holiday . Elesha Coffman , writing in Christianity Today , notes that early Christians contended that the date was , variously , May 20 , April 18 , April 19 , May 28 , January 2 , November 17 , November 20 , March 12 and March 25 -- and that December 25 probably did n't emerge as the favored date until late in the third century . That , intentionally or not , grafted the new Christmas onto the old Saturnalia , the most popular celebration of Roman times . The seven-day festival that started December 17 to honor the god Saturn and welcome the winter solstice gave us today 's tradition of holiday greenery , gift giving and the office party  or variations thereof  , for the Saturnalia was a time of much drinking , some carousing , certainly unrestrained revelry . The yin and yang of that has come down to us through the centuries and can be seen today in the battles over the commercialization of Christmas , the popularity of yuletide parties , too many martinis oiling the voices raised in song . A little too much "  God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen " and not enough "  O Holy Night . " Having enjoyed wonderfully merry and happy Christmases through the years , as I was growing up and making my way in the world , I took those concerns in stride and kept "  Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! " at the ready . Then , in my early 40s , when I was living in New England , while leafing through a book as part of my research for a story , I hit the subtopic : Christmas Under the Ban . Because it happened to be facing a page with an old-fashioned illustration of a little girl standing under a living room archway trimmed with greenery , I thought the rope of greens was the ban . Not so . Complaints about how to celebrate Christmas had started early , threaded through the Dark Ages , the Middle Ages and then came into their own in Tudor England . Christmas in Merrie Olde England was seen by the Puritans as a bit too merry . The holiday had come to be marked by bearbaiting , beer and ale , and other spirits flowing in the taverns on Christmas Eve , rowdy crowds celebrating "  the Lord of Misrule . " Come Christmas morning , minstrel-like parades would march down the aisles in churches where services were being held . Unable to rein in the excesses , the Puritans turned their back on Christmas altogether . Not just the celebrations and traditions , Christmas Day itself . It would be just another day . Their no-Christmas policy -- no way , no how , spelled N-E-V-E-R -- crossed the Atlantic with them on the Mayflower . When the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth in December 1620 , they observed the Sabbath on Sunday , but , come Christmas Day , went ashore to work . Opinion : Does Texas need a ` Merry Christmas ' law ? Back in England , when the Puritans came to power under Cromwell , a proclamation was issued in 1652 decreeing that stores should remain open on December 25 . In New England , such a law was formally on the books in Boston -- duly enacted by the Legislature of the Massachusetts Bay Colony on May 11 , 1659 , and not repealed until 1681 . But Christmas had its appeal . The Rev. Increase Mather felt it necessary to address its evils in 1687 : "  The generality of Christmas-keepers observe that Festival after such a manner as is highly dishonourable to the name of Christ . How few are there comparatively that spend those Holidays  as they are called  after an Holy manner . But they are consumed in Compotations , in Interludes , in playing at Cards , in Revellings , in excess of Wine , in mad Mirth ; Will Christ the holy Son of God be pleased with such Services ? " In 1711 , the Rev. Cotton Mather -- like father , like son -- railed against the holiday merriment : "  I hear of a Number of young People of both Sexes , " he wrote , "  belonging , many of them , to my Flock , who have had on the Christmasnight , this last week , a Frolick , a reveling Feast , and Ball , which discovers their Corruption , and has a Tendency to corrupt them yet more . " It was n't just the Mathers in their pulpits keeping a watchful eye out for signs of Christmas . Judge Samuel Sewall , who kept a diary that has given historians a rare look at daily life in Boston in the 18th century , has numerous diary entries expressing his elation at the sight of people going about their regular , daily business on Christmas Day , equally disdainful of any signs of awareness or recognition , much less celebration , of Christmas . A 1697 entry : "  Decemb - 25 . 97 . Snowy day : Shops are open , and Carts and sleds come to Town with Wood and Fagots as formerly , save what abatement may be allowed on account of the weather . " The Puritans were so vigilant , watchful for the slightest sign of "  keeping Christmas , " because they saw any breach as the first step toward falling back under the domination of the Church of England from which they 'd fled . And anyone who "  kept Christmas " became an outcast , literally or figuratively . The tide started to turn in the late 18th century . The first waves of immigration to lap at the New England shores , like the flood tide that would come in the 19th century , tended to be from countries that observed Christmas . Not to be underestimated in its importance to the holiday , the ratification of the U.S. Constitution removed the fear of falling back under the heel of the Church of England when it decreed no establishment of a state religion , in fact , proclaimed a separation of church and state . But the Puritan hold on New England was strong . As late as 1856 , December 25 was a common workday in Boston , and those who refused to go to work on Christmas Day were often dismissed . Some factory owners would even change the starting hours on Christmas Day to 5 a.m. -- workers who wanted to attend church services would either have to forgo them or be dismissed for being late to work . Opinion : Where Christmas really came from Henry Wadsworth Longfellow wrote in a journal entry dated December 25 , 1856 : "  Not a very merry Christmas . We are in a transition state about Christmas here in New England . The old Puritan feeling prevents it from being a cheerful , hearty holiday , though every year makes it more so . " Across the pond , Charles Dickens ' "  A Christmas Carol , " published December 19 , 1843 , was reconciling the centuries-old war over Christmas , the two sides clearly shown , battle lines drawn , in the opening pages when Scrooge 's nephew drops by . "  A Merry Christmas uncle ! God save you ! " cried a cheerful voice . ... "  Bah ! " said Scrooge . "  Humbug ! " ... "  Do n't be cross , uncle ! " said the nephew . "  What else can I be , " returned the uncle , "  when I live in such a world of fools as this ? Merry Christmas ! Out upon Merry Christmas ! ... . If I could work my will , " said Scrooge indignantly , "  every idiot who goes about with ` Merry Christmas ' on his lips should be boiled with his own pudding , and buried with a stake of holly through his heart . He should ! " "  Uncle , " pleaded the nephew . "  Nephew , " returned the uncle sternly , "  keep Christmas in your own way , and let me keep it in mine . " "  Keep it ! " repeated Scrooge 's nephew . "  But you do n't keep it . " That , of course , was before the visits from the Ghosts of Christmas Past , Present and Yet to Come that wrought the 180-degree turn in Scrooge that , with the help of the Cratchits and Tiny Tim , gave us the Christmas we know and love today . But pockets of resistance lingered in Boston . In the early 1900s , a bride from Virginia , where Christmas was celebrated , married a man from Boston , where it was touch and go , and they settled into a place on Beacon Hill . As Christmas drew nigh , she asked around for a group that went caroling and found there was none . Thinking to start one , she found a problem . As the folks put it when they declined : "  Someone might hear us . " As late as the 1930s , some churches in Boston would be closed , a printed notice on the doors saying there would be no services Christmas Day . Today , the old Puritan concerns have been reduced to occasional outbursts about the commercialization of Christmas and the liquid aspect of the good cheer ... while the old carols and the newer songs by such songwriters as Irving Berlin can be heard in malls , large and small , mingling with the ringing of the bells at the Salvation Army collection kettles , or on the radio . If "  White Christmas " is the best known of the newer songs , the one that conveys how much Christmas has come to mean to us may be the one that came out soon after when millions of World War II servicemen were still overseas -- "  I 'll Be Home for Christmas "  also recorded by Bing Crosby  . The lyrics added to the poignancy : I 'll be home for Christmas You can plan on me Please have snow , and mistletoe And presents on the tree . Remember , "  It 's a Wonderful Life " ends when George Bailey 's brother , who has been away in the service , returns home Christmas Eve -- joining the family and friends around the Christmas tree in time to hear the bell ring when Clarence , the gentle angel , gets his wings . Dickens would be proud . And I 'm keeping Christmas .	Val Lauder : How and when to celebrate Christmas has been debated for centuries She writes that Puritans objected to "  too merry " Christmases in England For 22 years , the Massachusetts Bay Colony banned celebration of Christmas She says the aftereffects of the ban lingered for centuries in New England
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- A lawyer for Amanda Knox said Thursday the only option for the jury considering her murder appeal in Italy is to clear her of guilt . Knox 's lawyers gave their final arguments in Perugia Thursday in an effort to counter prosecutors ' portrayal of her as a cunning "  femme fatale . " Lawyer Carlo Dalla Vedova told the jury ` that the only possible decision to take is that of absolving Amanda Knox , " as he wrapped up his closing argument . He said the court had already seen "  there is not trace of Amanda Knox in the room where murder took place . " Knox and her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are fighting to overturn their 2009 convictions for the murder of Meredith Kercher , Knox 's British housemate who was found with her throat slashed two years earlier . The judge said there will be no ruling in the case until after defendant statements on Monday . The second of Knox 's lawyers to speak , Luciano Ghirga , said Knox was "  very afraid but her heart is full of hope and she hopes to return to freedom . " Her "  image was massacred " by the media and the attacks on her character started before the trial , he said , adding that he considered her as a daughter . Concluding an emotional appearance , he appealed to the jury to put themselves in the shoes of Knox 's family -- a counterpoise to the words of appeals court prosecutor Giancarlo Costagliola , who asked the jury to put themselves in the shoes of Kercher 's family at the start of the closing arguments a week ago . The "  clan Knox " -- as Knox 's family have been referred to -- are not part of some rumored U.S. conspiracy to put pressure on the Italian courts to release her , Ghirga said . Rather , "  they are parents and they deserve respect . " The lawyer also praised the court 's work , saying he felt Knox 's rights had finally been respected . Urging the jury not to let innocent people stay in jail , Vedova earlier detailed what he called many "  mistakes " made in the investigation into Kercher 's death . When Knox was arrested and interrogated , she was not allowed a translator and was discouraged from getting a lawyer , Vedova said . " ` That night Amanda Knox 's right to defend herself was denied , " he said . "  She was just a young girl , first time out of the country . She did n't speak Italian . " Vedova argued that some of the DNA evidence presented by the prosecution should be thrown out . He said some material was contaminated as a result of poor practice by police , including supposed traces of mixed blood in the bathroom sink shared by the two girls . The prosecution 's use of alleged bloody footprints in their case was also wrong , he said . As for the knife used to kill Kercher , a key piece of evidence , Vedova told the court there was a "  concentration of nothingness , a fantasy " in the prosecution 's arguments . He ridiculed a theory that Sollecito had not disposed of the knife because he was concerned his landlady would notice it was missing , asking : "  What kind of a killer would think about this after committing a murder ? " Vedova claimed forensics experts who examined computers belonging to Knox and Sollecito had destroyed the machines and with them evidence that was certain to be favorable to the defendants . This included photographs of Knox and Kercher together that demonstrated they were friends , he said . Showing the court panoramic pictures of the villa Knox shared with Kercher , Vedova rejected the prosecution claim that a fake robbery had been staged by someone inside the house to try to cover up what had happened . He also suggested the original court had taken sides over some of the evidence , choosing to accept as credible some witnesses whose testimony went against Knox and rejecting others who were in her favor . Knox 's attorneys ' statements follow arguments presented this week by the lawyer of her co-defendant . Lawyer Giulia Bongiorno said Tuesday that Knox is not the character the media has painted her to be , and urged a jury to acquit Knox and Sollecito of murdering Kercher . Bongiorno compared Knox to the voluptuous cartoon character Jessica Rabbit , who protests , "  I 'm not bad , I 'm just drawn that way , " in the movie "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? " Bongiorno said the whole trial was based on DNA evidence "  on which mistakes were made , " and urged the jury to "  abandon imagined fantasies " and acquit the pair . Knox and Sollecito were convicted in 2009 . Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison , while Sollecito got 25 . In her closing arguments , Bongiorno said there was no physical trace of Knox or Sollecito in the room where Kercher was found murdered . "  The room speaks only of Rudy " Guede , the other man convicted separately of killing Kercher , Bongiorno told the jury . Knox and Sollecito 's defense teams have suggested Guede , who is already serving a 16-year sentence for the murder , could have been the sole killer . Evidence that Guede was in the room shows that "  no one could enter that room and not leave any trace , " Bongiorno said . And she hammered home attacks on DNA evidence that has been a key part of the appeal . She , too , said police could have contaminated the crime scene or the evidence , playing video from the police investigation to make her point . Knox and Sollecito are appealing the convictions together , having been convicted in a joint trial . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : A lawyer for Knox says she "  is very afraid but her heart is full of hope " Another lawyer urges the jury to absolve Knox as he wraps up his closing argument A verdict in the appeal will not come before Monday , the judge says Knox and Sollecito were convicted in 2009 of killing Briton Meredith Kercher
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- Bradley Manning , the Army private whose disclosure of hundreds of thousands of U.S. military and diplomatic documents gave American officials a global case of heartburn , was sentenced to more than three decades in prison Wednesday . A military judge sentenced Manning to 35 years -- less than the 60 prosecutors sought and far shorter than the 90 he could have received -- minus credit for the about three and a half years he 's already been behind bars . He showed little to no reaction when the judge , Army Col. Denise Lind , sentenced him at Fort Meade , outside Washington . But in a statement read by his attorney afterward , he said he acted "  out of a love for my country and a sense of duty , " to expose what he said were abuses committed in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . The attorney , David Coombs , said the statement was part of Manning 's application for a pardon from President Barack Obama . "  If you deny my request for a pardon , I will serve my time knowing that sometimes you have to pay a heavy price to live in a free society , " the statement said . "  I will gladly pay that price if it means we could have a country that is truly conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all women and men are created equal . " White House spokesman Josh Earnest had no comment on a possible pardon , saying only that Manning 's request would be considered "  like any other application . " Manning 's lawyer : He should not ` rot in jail ' Manning , 25 , was convicted in July of stealing 750,000 pages of classified documents and videos and disseminating them to WikiLeaks , the online anti-secrecy group . Lind also reduced his rank from private first class to private , ordered him to forfeit pay and benefits and be dishonorably discharged . "  We 're still here fighting for you Bradley ! " a supporter yelled as Manning was hustled out of the courtroom . "  We love you Bradley ! " another said . An aunt and a cousin of Manning 's wept openly in the courtroom . Manning was found guilty of 20 of the 22 charges against him , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act . He avoided a potential life sentence when Lind rejected charges that his actions aided the enemy . Lind already had agreed to reduce Manning 's sentence by 112 days after ruling that the harsh treatment he was subjected to in the brig at the Marine base in at Quantico , Virginia , was out of line . Manning will be eligible for parole in 10 years , Coombs said . In the meantime , he called on Obama "  to focus on protecting whistleblowers , instead of punishing them . " The sentencing wraps up a case of what prosecutors called the biggest leak of classified materials in Army history . The documents included field reports from Army units in Iraq and Afghanistan , video of a U.S. helicopter attack that killed two journalists in Iraq and unvarnished assessments of other countries ' leaders by American diplomats overseas . Prosecutors have said Manning acted as a "  determined insider " in leaking classified information about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , arguing his actions created grave risk , disrupted diplomatic missions and endangered lives . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who last week criticized what he called a "  forced " apology by Manning , said the sentence was "  a significant tactical victory " for the defense . But he called Manning 's prosecution "  an affront to basic concepts of Western justice . " "  Mr. Manning 's treatment has been intended to send a signal to people of conscience in the U.S. government who might seek to bring wrongdoing to light , " Assange , now holed up in the Ecuador 's embassy in London , said in a written statement . "  This strategy has spectacularly backfired , as recent months have proven . Instead , the Obama administration is demonstrating that there is no place in its system for people of conscience and principle . As a result , there will be a thousand more Bradley Mannings . " But the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , Rep. Buck McKeon , criticized what he called a light sentence compared to the life terms some convicted spies have received . "  Bradley Manning betrayed his country , his obligations as a soldier and the trust of all Americans . He put the lives of our troops and our allies in danger , " McKeon , R-California , said in a written statement . "  Given the vast damage he did to our national security and the need to send a strong signal to others who may be tempted to disclose classified information , this is a dangerous conclusion , " McKeon added . Judge explains verdict The disclosure of more than 250,000 cables from U.S. embassies in late 2010 came in for particular criticism , with State Department officials arguing the leaks would make it harder for Washington to get accurate appraisals of the countries where American diplomats work . A CNN analysis of the first batch of cables WikiLeaks published found 170 that named sources whose identity was meant to be protected . But in 2011 , the human rights group Amnesty International said the leaked documents helped galvanize opposition to longtime Tunisian strongman Zine El Abedine Ben Ali by revealing the depth of his government 's corruption . Ben Ali was toppled by a popular uprising that January -- the first of the "  Arab Spring " revolutions still roiling the Middle East . Capt. Joe Morrow , the prosecutor , said Manning 's arrogance meant that he "  felt he alone was knowledgeable and intelligent enough to determine what information was to be classified . " "  There may not be a soldier in the history of the Army who displayed such an extreme disregard " for his mission , Morrow said Monday during final sentencing arguments . But Coombs said Manning was "  a young man capable of being redeemed " and urged Lind to hand down "  a sentence that allows him to have a life . " He told reporters later that Manning 's case should be seen as a watershed in the debate over secrecy that 's now raging in the United States . "  The ultimate role of oversight in America has always belonged to the American people , and it 's only to the extent that the American people can be informed as to these matters that oversight works at all , " he said . "  There are too many things we do n't know about our national security apparatus . " Manning apologizes , tells court he must pay price CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Manning 's leaks did "  vast damage " and deserved more prison time , lawmaker says Manning will seek a pardon , says he acted "  out of a love for my country " Assange says case will yield "  a thousand more Bradley Mannings " Prosecutors said Manning was arrogant and showed "  extreme disregard "
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Two U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers were killed by a homemade bomb while supporting anti-terror operations on an island in the southern Philippines , Army officials said Thursday . Staff Sgt. Jack M. Martin III , left , and Sgt. 1st Class Christopher D. Shaw were killed Tuesday . Sgt. 1st Class Christopher D. Shaw , 37 , and Staff Sgt. Jack M. Martin III , 26 , died after a bomb exploded Tuesday near their Humvee on the island of Jolo , said Lt. Col. David King . Both soldiers were based at Fort Lewis , about 40 miles south of Seattle . King said the soldiers were working with members of the Filipino military on a project to build a school when they were killed . One Filipino soldier was also killed , and two more were wounded , he said . Tuesday 's bombing , King said , was the second fatal attack on Americans working with the Filipinos . In 2002 , a U.S. Marine was killed by a bomb set by the militant group Abu Sayyaff . It was Shaw 's second deployment to the Philippines and the first for Martin , who served in Iraq , according to a news release from U.S. Army Special Forces Command . "  We lost a husband , father , son , brother and uncle , " Shaw 's family said . "  Chris was a man who deeply loved his family and believed that he was making a difference in the fight against terror . " Shaw was married with five children , according to the Army release . Both men were awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart and Meritorious Service Medal posthumously . Jolo is a well known stronghold for Abu Sayyaff , which is fighting to establish a separate Muslim state . The U.S. military is providing support and training to the Philippines in the battle against the terrorist group , which has ties to al Qaeda . King said it was not immediately clear who was responsible for the latest bombing . "  Abu Sayyaff has not claimed responsibility , " he said . "  It 's still being investigated if they were responsible , but the Filipino military is certainly going down that road . " About 600 U.S. military personnel serve in the Philippines at any one time , King said . Their mission is to assist the Filipino military and build support among the civilian population , he said . U.S. soldiers taking part in the mission are not allowed to engage militants unless acting in self defense . "  Despite what Hollywood portrays about Special Forces being the tip of the spear , " King said , "  a good part of the mission is developmental projects like helping local schools and building wells . "	Christopher D. Shaw , 37 , and Jack M. Martin III , 26 , killed on island of Jolo Both awarded Bronze Star , Purple Heart , Meritorious Service Medal posthumously Tuesday 's bombing was second fatal attack on Americans working with Filipinos One Filipino soldier was also killed , and two more were wounded
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel launched an outspoken defense of the European project on Wednesday , but warned that the bloc 's richest nation would not make bailout promises to solve the eurozone crisis that it can not keep . Speaking at the annual World Economic Forum in the Swiss resort of Davos , Merkel said Germany is rightly seen as being relatively strong . But if her country commits to paying for a huge expansion of the eurozone 's bailout funds , and even that is torpedoed by the capital markets , then there is a real problem . Merkel told a standing room-only crowd that the "  people say it has to be double , then it has to be triple , then we will believe you . " "  We have said right from the start we wish to stand up for the euro , but we do n't want to ... make a promise that we ca n't fulfil . " Map : Europe in crisis The eurozone set up a temporary bail-out fund -- the European Financial Stability Facility -- after Greece 's first bail-out in May 2010 . It initially had $ 250 billion  $ 326 billion  in lending capacity , which was later boosted to $ 440 billion as more eurozone countries stumbled . The creation of the eurozone 's permanent facility , the European Stability Mechanism , was brought forward and it will now be in place this year rather than 2013 . It will have lending capacity of $ 500 billion , and is backed by paid-in capital from eurozone member countries . Q&A : Will new deal solve Europe 's problems ? Merkel appeared to show her frustration with the rest of the European community , some of whose members are suspicious of the motives of the bloc 's two strongest economies . "  It is on the one hand expected from Germany and France that we show a harmonious front . "  They do n't like us when we do n't like each other and they do n't like us when we agree on matters before we come here because then we are the ones that call the shots apparently , and that is frustrating . " Merkel also warned that the structure of the "  great European project " needed substantive reform if the crisis that has brought the European single currency to the brink of collapse is to be resolved . "  There is a clear lack of political structures and underpinnings to make this work . " She was speaking the day after the International Monetary Fund lowered its outlook for the world economy . It called for immediate action to avert a global depression -- raising the specter of the downturn of the 1920s . The IMF now expects the world economy to grow 3.3 % in 2012 , compared to its previous prediction of 4 % expansion this year . The pessimistic outlook was mainly driven by the intensifying debt crisis in Europe , with the 17 nations of the eurozone expected to suffer a mild recession this year , the IMF said . "  We are not going to become fainthearted . We will not be able to wave a magic wand to address this , " she told delegates in Davos , adding that there was "  a clear erosion of confidence " in the rest of the world with Europe . In comments that could cause concerns about Germany 's growing influence in Europe , Merkel said : "  We have seen that something needs to be changed here , so it is not only austerity measures ... but also structural reforms that lead to more jobs . " Outside the conference hall , Martin Sorrell , head of advertising giant WPP , said Merkel 's "  call for greater political unity was the price for Germany bailing Greece out and putting a firewall around Italy to avoid severe contagion " in world markets . Sorrell said her call for stronger fiscal and political integration in Europe could mean further confrontation between Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron . EU leaders agreed in October to provide a second $ 130 billion rescue package for Greece and announced a deal with private sector investors to voluntarily write down the value of Greek government bonds by 50 % as part of a debt exchange . But on Tuesday a major credit agency warned that Greece will eventually default on its debts , even if the nation reaches a restructuring deal with creditors . Negotiations with the private sector have also stalled and there is disagreement among some policymakers over whether requiring Greece to enact more austerity as a condition of a second bailout will help or hurt the nation 's fragile economy . Merkel , who with Sarkozy , has been at the heart of efforts to rescue the eurozone from the debt crisis , conceded in a newspaper interview published on Wednesday she did have doubts about her demand for more fiscal rigor from debt-ridden governments , which have met widespread opposition . "  Good politicians always have doubts , as a way of constantly reviewing whether they are on the right track , " the Guardian reported her as saying . Nevertheless she insisted the European court of justice should enforce the public spending and budget policies of eurozone nations . And in another policy that sets her at odds with many euroskeptic politicians including Cameron , Merkel raised the specter of full European political union , with more national laws ceded to Brussels . The only good piece of news for Merkel was that German business confidence brightened for a third month in a row , suggesting that growth may already be resuming in Europe 's largest economy . Peter Wilkinson was reporting from London . Irene Chapple was reporting from Davos , Switzerland .	German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers opening address at Davos Economic Forum Merkel warns structure of "  great European project " needs substantive reform She said Germany would not make bailout promises it could not keep She was speaking day after IMF lowered outlook for world economy
CNN  -- Automaker Peugeot has fired its chief executive , replacing Christian Streiff with Philippe Varin , currently the CEO at Corus , an Anglo-Dutch steelmaker . Peugeot is Europe 's second biggest carmaker "  Given the extraordinary difficulties currently faced by the automotive industry , the Supervisory Board decided unanimously that a change in the senior leadership position was necessary , " said Thierry Peugeot , chairman of the PSA Peugeot Citroen supervisory board Sunday . "  I am confident that under the leadership of Philippe Varin , the Group will be able , with all the teams , to unlock its potential . " Varin will officially take over Peugeot 's top post on June 1 , but will begin "  familiarizing himself " with operations starting next month . Roland Vardanega , a member of the managing board , will act as interim chairman until Varin assumes his new job . Peugeot , Europe 's second biggest automaker , posted a loss of $ 343 million , or $ 456 million , in 2008 and also expects to lose money in 2009 .	Christian Streiff replaced with Philippe Varin , currently CEO at Corus Peugeot posted a loss of $ 343 million , or $ 456 million , in 2008 Peugeot board : "  Change in the senior leadership position was necessary "
CNN  -- The primaries are mostly over and the general election races are falling into place . All 435 seats in the House and a third of the Senate are up for election on November 4 in what 's expected to be a difficult year for Democrats . Here 's what 's on the line : Control of the Senate : That 's the big story of the year . Republicans have their best chance of retaking the majority since they lost it in the 2006 midterms . The GOP must realize a net gain of six seats to accomplish the turnaround with Democrats currently holding a 55-45 advantage  53 Democrats and two independents who caucus with them  . And for Democrats , it 's not looking good . Key Senate races Three seats total in South Dakota , West Virginia and Montana are almost certain to flip to Republicans . And another seven Democratic-held seats are at risk . In contrast , Republicans have a chance of losing only two seats . "  It 's a healthier environment overall for Republicans , " Jennifer Duffy , senior editor for the nonpartisan Cook Political Report , said . The status of the House : Little is expected to change in the House . While some members will lose , it 's expected to remain in Republican hands . The GOP currently has a strong advantage : They control 234 seats to 201 for Democrats . What team would n't love a 33-point advantage on game day ? Key House races Like in the Senate , Republicans are performing better . Despite bold predictions from the No. 2 House Democrat , Steny Hoyer , no one believes Democrats have any chance of taking back the House . "  It looks like Republicans will gain seats we just do n't know how many yet , " Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the Rothenberg Political Report , said . Why wo n't Democrats pick up seats ? : In part , it 's the six-year itch . President Barack Obama has been in office for six years and voters get antsy and want change . Since they ca n't change the President , they vote for the opposing party in congressional elections . "  Historically , the President 's party tends to lose , " Duffy said . Obama 's job performance , an approval rating that hovers around 41 % , is making a tough situation for Democrats worse . "  The President 's job approval rating is casting a shadow on races across the country , " Gonzales said . Obama is a drag in two respects : It 's a difficult environment for Democrats who need Republican voters in Republican-leaning districts , and Democratic voters are not motivated to show up at the polls . The latter is called the enthusiasm gap and traditionally Democratic voters , minorities , single women and younger voters , are not motivated to vote . The role of the tea party : Tea party-aligned challengers had a tough year . unlike 2010 and 2012 , when several too-far-to-the-right candidates won in primaries , Incumbent Republicans entered the primaries prepared , taking nothing for granted . And it paid off . Incumbents won in hard fought races , including in Mississippi , Idaho , Kentucky and Kansas . But the anti establishment wing of the Republican Party did n't come up empty . One of its victories was a big one -- the defeat of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor . After bruising battles , the question is this : Will Republicans unite in November ? Duffy said that if 2012 and 2010 are indicators , it will . "  What we can see ... they have united behind whoever won , " Duffy said . "  I do n't think at the end of the day  disappointed Republicans are  going to stay home . " A bright spot for Democrats ? : When it comes to gubernatorial races , Republicans are defending 22 of the 36 seats up for grabs in November . And some of them are in states that Obama carried in 2008 and 2012 , such as Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , Florida , Maine , Nevada and New Mexico . But Democrats also have some vulnerable seats to defend , in Arkansas , Colorado and Illinois . And they wo n't have cakewalks in Connecticut and Massachusetts Key governor races Still about Obamacare : For the first several months of the year while the Affordable Care Act seemed to be a rolling disaster , Republicans made it the main issue in campaign , attacking Democrats for their support of the law . Elizabeth Wilner , senior vice president with Kantar Ad Intelligence , which analyzes political advertising , said that Republicans are still hitting Democratic opponents on Obamacare but it is not the only one . "  Obamcare is still an issue , but maybe a bit less of an issue than earlier this year , " she said . In addition to the Affordable Care Act , Republicans are also attacking Democrats on ties to the President and government spending . In political advertising , Democrats are trying to change the subject and are focusing on jobs , women 's rights , Medicare and Social Security . Regardless , Wilner said analysis shows that up to $ 3.4 billion is expected to be spent on political advertising this campaign season . Current events : A border crisis and international conflicts are dominating the news cycle just a few months before the election . While the storylines are n't overwhelming topics of discussion on the campaign trail , Stu Rothenberg , editor of the Rothenberg Political Report wrote that the events "  will add to the President 's woes . " "  As uncomfortable as it will make Democrats , Obama heads into the final three months of the campaign not looking all that different from his predecessor , President Bush , " he wrote . Bush was dealing with a difficult economy , ongoing and unpopular wars and the aftermath of a disastrous response to Hurricane Katrina . The role of the money men : And yes , the biggest spenders are men . Since the Supreme Court 's Citizen 's United campaign finance decision in 2010 , the role of individual investors in the political sphere has grown . Wealthy entrepreneurs Charles and David Koch spent $ 130 million in 2012 through their organization Americans for Prosperity , which works to defeat Democrats . They also donated money directly to candidates and political action committees as well . A wealthy former hedge fund manager , Tom Steyer , hopes to play big as well . Focusing on climate change , he pledged to spend up to $ 50 million of his own money and hopes to raise another $ 50 million . We 'll have to wait and see how the high rollers play in the midterms -- that is if we ever find out because much of the spending does n't have to be made public . Opening act for 2016 : Let 's face it , the midterms have n't even happened yet but the 2016 presidential race is well under way . Potential presidential hopefuls are already spending large amounts of time in early primary states of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina and building networks by backing candidates in critical presidential states , in hopes that the favor is returned in 2016 . Complete coverage : 2014 Midterms	All 435 House seats , and 36 in the Senate are on the ballot in November Control of the Senate is the big story of the midterms Senate Democrats face a difficult task of maintaining their majority Republican success could be determined , in part , by outrage over Obamacare
CNN  -- On November 2 you can help raise millions of dollars for sick children by sitting on the sofa and playing video games . Just like the weekend athletes who collect donations from family and friends for every mile they race in a charity run , thousands of gamers will be enlisting their networks to support them in a marathon of a completely different sort . This novel fund raising idea is sponsored by Extra Life , which is now a part of the nonprofit Children 's Miracle Network Hospitals . Players can sign up to play for this charity at any time throughout the year . But November 2 is Extra Life 's annual game day . And because this year the day ends with clocks falling back an hour , they have upped the challenge from a 24 - to a 25-hour marathon of gaming . Would anyone really support gamers spending an entire day just playing ? And would gamers sign up for such a thing ? Even Extra Life founder Jeromy Adams was unsure . Back in 2007 , he reached out to a gaming community called Sarcastic Gamer to see whether they would donate a few games to Tori Enmon , a young girl who was going through cancer treatment in his local hospital . He received such an overwhelming response from gamers all over the world that he and Tori had to spend the next few months trying to find enough hospitalized kids to take all the games . Adams says he realized that gamers were the ideal audience for a good cause . Here , he thought , is a group that loves trying to save the day and be the hero . "  Gamers are not the stereotype of the angry pale kid in mom and dad 's basement , " he said . "  They are more likely to be the mom and the dad . "  We are some of the most connected people on the planet . We communicate more efficiently , and we want to make a difference . Despite these expert qualifications , nobody really asks us for our help . " Tori succumbed to her cancer in 2008 , and Adams started Extra Life that year in her honor . Since then , his faith in gamers has been more than proven . Every year thousands of new players sign up , and to date they have raised more than $ 4 million . Are gamers really the giving type ? The argument could be made that some gamers might be signing up so they finally have an excuse to spend a whole day playing without the guilt that they 're wasting time . But other charities have started to tap into this audience , and they have also found a giving community . The charity Child 's Play is celebrating its 10th anniversary of gamers giving back , and in 2012 it received more than $ 5 million in contributions . And then there is the philanthropy , Humble Bundle . Humble Bundle is a unique online store that sells a rotating collection of games at a price determined by the purchaser . The buyer also gets to select what percentage of that price will go to the game 's developer , the Humble Bundle team , and how much goes to a selected charity . Humble Bundle 's Will Turnbull and his team were nervous when they offered their first bundle in 2010 . What would gamers do ? If they were just trying to get the lowest price possible for these games , the model would never work . The team hoped to raise $ 200,000 with that first offering . Instead , they brought in more than $ 1.2 million , with about $ 350,000 of that going to charity . "  We were totally floored to see that people were willing to give more than the minimum , " Turnbull said . "  It changes the message that this is just a discount ... We really trust the consumer to do the right thing , and they have proven that trust , and the charity part is incredibly integral to that . " On Humble Bundle purchases , the default portion that goes to charity is 20 % . In most cases , Turnbull said , buyers slide that percentage up to give more to charities like the Electronic Frontier Foundation , charity : water and the American Red Cross . To date , Humble Bundles has raised more than $ 25 million for charities . Adams keeps a picture of Tori Enmon at his desk at work as he prepares for their big marathon . This year he is looking to expand his gaming audience . Extra Life is inviting everyone who plays any type of game , whether it is sports , board games , even live-action role-playing . He says he believes the generous spirit he found in video gamers is a universal trait that just needs an opportunity , and perhaps the incentive to have some fun . That , he says , is what Tori showed him , from a hospital bed full of games and a determination to find a child for each one .	Gamers can raise money by playing for more than 24 hours on November 2 Extra Life has raised more than $ 4 million since its start in 2008 The charity Child 's Play marks 10 years of gamers giving back . Humble Bundle gives gamers the choice to pay more to help charities
CNN  It 's the albatross which has hung around the neck of world football for the past five years -- so what next for Qatar and the 2022 World Cup ? The question about when the tournament will be held was revealed in Doha Tuesday with a November/December timetable proposed . Having been cleared of any wrongdoing by Michael Garcia 's investigation into alleged corruption into the bidding process surrounding the 2022 tournament , Qatar and world governing body FIFA must now negotiate the minefield of placating a host of parties by playing a World Cup outside of the traditional June/July schedule . When Qatar won the bid in 2010 , its opponents thought they were all bidding for the same tournament -- but it turns out that 's not quite true . The intense heat in the Gulf state during June/July is considered potentially too dangerous for the players to play in , meaning this World Cup will take place in the Qatari winter -- and hugely inconvenience the world 's biggest domestic leagues . "  The prospect of a winter World Cup is neither workable nor desirable for European domestic football , " an English Premier League  EPL  spokesman told CNN ahead of the announcement . So what 's happening this week ? A FIFA task force , that 's a committee to the rest of us , has had plenty to consider in making its recommendation over the World Cup 's date . A tournament held at the starf of 2022 would represent huge problems for broadcasters , with the U.S. sporting schedule already packed in January with the NFL playoffs , while the 2022 Winter Olympics are set to take place the following month . Sepp Blatter , the FIFA president , has already said that he wanted the tournament to take place in the final two months of the year , but the European Clubs Association , which lobbies on behalf of the continent 's biggest teams , is opposed to such a plan . It had wanted the competition held in April/May , arguing those dates would mean less disruption to domestic seasons . FifPro , the players ' union , is keen on a winter World Cup on health and safety grounds but still expresses reservations surrounding a number of human rights issues associated with staging the tournament in Qatar . But was n't the bidding process supposed to be for a summer World Cup ? Well , that 's what everyone else thought -- but it seems like the goalposts have been moved . Australia , one of the countries to lose out to Qatar , was outspoken in its criticism of the tournament being switched to winter and even threatened legal action . Originally , Qatar said it would use air conditioning to cool the stadiums but concerns still remain . Harold Mayne-Nicholls led the FIFA inspection team which examined each of the bidding countries for the 2022 World Cup before delivering his report in October 2010 . Mayne-Nicholls concluded that Qatar was a high-risk option because of its soaring temperatures -- but it was still chosen by 14 of the 22 executive committee members in the final round of voting in December that year . And was n't Qatar was under investigation ? Not anymore -- in fact , Qatar was cleared of any wrongdoing by Garcia , the man who led FIFA 's investigation into allegations of corruption surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . The Gulf state , and Russia which will host the 2018 tournament , were both found not guilty and hence allowed to keep hold of the tournaments . While the full report has not been published , and Garcia has since quit his role as ethics investigator after a falling out with Hans-Joachim Eckert , FIFA 's chief ethics judge , there appears little chance of the investigation being re-opened . Garcia 's report failed to uncover a ` smoking gun ' despite allegations of wrongdoing being published by British Newspaper , The Sunday Times . As far as FIFA is concerned , that 's that . Time to move on . But what about the plight of the migrant workers ? According to the International Trade Union Confederation  ITUC  , 1,000 workers have already died in Qatar with the figure expected to rise to 4,000 by the time the tournament kicks off . The so called Kafala system -- which ties employees to a specific employer -- has , according to Human Rights Watch and the International Trade Union Confederation , been open to systematic abuse and created a de facto form of slavery for the more than one million migrant workers living within its borders A report commissioned by the Qatari government and compiled by law firm DLA Piper called for the Kafala system to be abolished , harsher penalties for employers who withhold passports from employees and a review into why so many workers were suffering cardiac arrests . According to the report and confirmed by the government , 964 workers from Bangladesh , India and Nepal died while living and working in the country in 2012 and 2013 . The Qatari government says there are over 1.4 million foreign workers currently plying their trade in the country . In a statement released in November 2014 , the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs insisted the country is making progress and expects labor reforms to be implemented over the coming months . "  A new sponsorship law , currently under review , that will replace the outdated ` Kafala ' system will be announced by next year , " said the statement . "  We are also working on laws to cover domestic workers . "  As in every country in the world , change does not happen overnight . Significant changes such as these take more time to implement that some may wish , but we intend to effect meaningful and lasting change for the benefit of all those who live and work in Qatar . "  Our plans are going through a legislative process and we expect to make announcements about new legislation by early next year . " What will the decision be ? Prior to Tuesday 's announcement , Shaikh Salman bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa , who is head of the Asian Football Confederation and also leads the task force , had stated his belief the 2022 World Cup would take place in November/December . Speaking to reporters at the Asian Cup last month , Salman said : "  The period best suited for hosting the 2022 World Cup in Qatar will be in November and December because for sure it needs to be played in the winter . " The decision by the task force is , in essence at least , a mere proposal , though it is unlikely to be overturned when the FIFA executive committee meets on March 19 and 20 . It is there that the committee will ratify the proposal , although in theory , it could also reject it but that 's not expected to happen . What happens with broadcast deals if the tournament gets moved ? U.S. broadcaster Fox signed a $ 425 million deal to show the 2018 and 2022 back in 2011 . "  You go into buying a World Cup and you believe it 's going to be in the same time frame it 's always been , " Fox Sports President Eric Shanks said last year . "  Clearly in America there 's much more competition for ratings points . " Shanks has a point . A winter World Cup would be a catastrophe for Fox with the tournament set to clash with the NFL playoffs . Except earlier this month Fox secured the rights for the 2026 World Cup without a bidding war -- a tournament which is likely to be held in North America . It remains to be seen how much of a fuss other broadcasters will make if the tournament is moved to November/December . What will happen to club competitions ? There are still seven years to go until the World Cup in Qatar so domestic leagues will have time to make plans to avoid as much disruption to their season as possible , but a switch to November and December is likely to provide a major headache for top-flight leagues and clubs . Notably for the EPL , which does n't have a winter break -- unlike most other European leagues . That potentially presents issues for its English teams as to how best to prevent their players from suffering burnout . Likewise European governing body UEFA , which runs the Champions League and Europa League , will also have to work out how its prestigious competitions , fit around a winter World Cup . At the moment it 's a case of "  wait and see " but this one looks set to run and run .	The 2022 World Cup is set to be held in November/December in Qatar Tournament moved away from traditional June/July dates because of intense heat in Gulf state Europe 's biggest clubs oppose plan saying it will disrupt season FIFA Executive Committee set to ratify proposal
CNN  -- The former commander of U.S. forces in Iraq who retired over the Abu Ghraib prison scandal is calling for a truth commission to investigate Bush-era policies behind the abuse and controversial interrogations of detainees . Retired Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez commanded U.S. forces in Iraq during the Abu Ghraib scandal . "  The mechanisms that are responsible for establishing accountability have lost their credibility within the country , and there 's a lack of trust in them , " retired Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez said in an interview on CNN 's "  Newsroom " Tuesday . "  A truth commission , I believe , is the only way for us to regain that . " The Iraq war , he said , was plagued by "  institutional and individual failures " -- both in the execution of the conflict and the interrogation tactics , and in the policies from Washington that were implemented in the field . Sanchez , in charge of combat operations from 2003 into 2004 , has been a harsh critic of the war in Iraq , calling it in 2007 a "  nightmare with no end in sight . " His leadership has been criticized because the mistreatment of prisoners at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison happened during his command . Pictures of detainees caused outrage around the world when they were leaked to the news media in May 2004 -- photos showing naked prisoners stacked on top of each other , or being threatened by dogs , or hooded and wired up as if for electrocution . Critics say such tactics amount to torture . Two officers -- Army Col. Janis Karpinski , then a brigadier general and commander of Abu Ghraib , and Col. Thomas Pappas , the commander of the military intelligence unit assigned to Abu Ghraib -- were punished over the aggressive interrogations . Seven low-ranking guards and two military intelligence soldiers -- described by then-Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz as "  bad apples " -- were disciplined . Karpinski in April told CNN she was ordered by Sanchez not to discuss the photographs or the subsequent investigation with anybody . A federal investigation cleared four other senior officers in 2005 , including Sanchez . But the scandal was hard to shake off , and he retired the following year after more than three decades of Army service . "  You know , I ca n't get away from this , " Sanchez told CNN Tuesday . "  The fact is that I am associated , and will always be associated , with Abu Ghraib . ... It does n't bother me . I think it 's something I 've learned to live with . But I also live with the fact , as I 've stated before , that I 've never compromised my integrity or my honor in the course of this ordeal . " Recently released Bush administration Justice Department memos condone the use of such tactics as keeping a detainee naked and in some cases in a diaper , and putting detainees on a liquid diet . One memo said aggressive techniques such as waterboarding , sleep deprivation and slapping did not violate laws against torture absent the intent to cause severe pain . A Senate Armed Forces Committee report released in April , when the memos surfaced , found that senior Bush administration officials authorized aggressive interrogation techniques on suspected terrorists , despite concerns expressed by military psychologists and attorneys . The report points to then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's approval of such techniques -- including stress positions , removal of clothing , use of phobias  such as fear of dogs  , and deprivation of light and auditory stimuli -- in December 2002 for detainees at the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . His OK prompted interrogators in Afghanistan and Iraq to adopt the aggressive techniques . "  We had different departments that faltered in developing the guidance for executing those policies , " Sanchez said . "  And then I think we also had a dereliction of duty at those levels when we were faced with the reality and the facts that abuses were occurring on the ground as early as 2002 and we refused to do anything about it . " He said the lack of oversight and guidance from Washington and top brass left his troops "  abandoned on the battlefield . " Last year he published his memoirs titled , "  Wiser in Battle : A Soldier 's Story , " and he has continued to be a vocal critic of the war . "  Until America can really understand what has happened and look at it objectively and truthfully , we will still continue to be mired in the past , " Sanchez said . "  We 've got to learn the lessons and never go this way again . " CNN 's Rick Sanchez contributed to this report .	Retired Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez retired over the Abu Ghraib prison scandal Abu Ghraib photos showed naked prisoners and prisoners with dogs Truth commission is only way to regain credibility , says Sanchez "  We 've got to learn the lessons and never go this way again , " Sanchez says
CNN  -- Earlier this week , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , agreed to a deal to fund the government past this November 's elections . The deal leaves working out a budget up to the next Congress and provides funding for the federal government through March 2013 , well beyond the presidential inauguration in January . By the numbers , here 's a look at how the nation 's fiscal situation adds up . $ 15,873,767,378,850.16 - Total outstanding public debt on July 30 , 2012 . $ 10,626,877,048,913.08 - Total outstanding public debt held on January 20 , 2009 , the day President Barack Obama was inaugurated . $ 1.047 trillion - Top limit for 2013 government spending . 6 months - Length of a continuing resolution to fund the government , based on a July 31 , 2012 , agreement by Obama , Boehner and Reid . House conservatives determined to slash spending relent on compromise deal 49 - States that require a balanced budget .  Vermont does not . $ 3,277,369.23 - Donations to reduce the public debt received by the U.S. Treasury in 2011 . 74 - Percent who said they favor a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget during a July 2011 CNN/ORC poll . 12 - Consecutive U.S. budgets that have reflected a deficit . CNN Money : Can Congress get out of the economy 's way ? 24.1 - Federal spending outlays in 2011 as percentages of the GDP . 8.1 - Percent of the fiscal year 2012 GDP equal to the federal budget deficit , as estimated by the Congressional Budget Office in March 2012 . 4 - Number of balanced budgets former presidential candidate Newt Gingrich claimed credit for as House speaker during a January debate in Jacksonville , Florida . 11 - Times the Congress has voted to raise the debt limit since 2001 . $ 787 billion - Amount of the stimulus bill signed into law by Obama in 2009 as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .	$ 15,873,767,378,850.16 - Total outstanding public debt on July 30 , 2012 49 - States that require a balanced budget 12 - Consecutive U.S. budgets that have reflected a deficit 11 - Times the US Congress has voted to raise the debt limit since 2001
CNN  In at least one big and bruising culture-war battle , the Mormon church wants to call a partial truce . Convening a rare press conference on Tuesday at church headquarters in Salt Lake City , Mormon leaders pledged to support anti-discrimination laws for gays , lesbians , bisexuals and transgender people , as long the laws also protect the rights of religious groups . In exchange , the Mormon church wants gay rights advocates -- and the government -- to back off . "  When religious people are publicly intimidated , retaliated against , forced from employment or made to suffer personal loss because they have raised their voice in the public square , donated to a cause or participated in an election , our democracy is the loser , " said Elder Dallin Oaks , a member of the church 's Quorum of Twelve Apostles . "  Such tactics are every bit as wrong as denying access to employment , housing or public services because of race or gender . " The Mormon church is one of several faiths to complain about religious freedom coming under attack in recent years . Catholic bishops and Southern Baptists have sounded the alarm as well . Oaks cited several examples on Tuesday , including : "  It is one of today 's great ironies that some people who have fought so hard for LGBT rights now try to deny the rights of others to disagree with their public policy proposals , " said Oaks . Tuesday 's announcement does n't change church doctrine -- including its opposition to gay marriage , Mormon leaders said . "  But we are suggesting a way forward in which those with different views on these complex issues can together seek solutions that will be fair to everyone , " said Elder D. Todd Christofferson , a member of the Quorum of Twelve Apostles , one of the church 's top tiers of leadership . Christofferson said Tuesday 's announcement came after years of dialogue with LGBT groups in Utah and elsewhere , and was timed to the convening of a new Congress and new legislative sessions nationwide . "  It seemed like the right time to speak , before positions get any more hardened on either side , " he said . Shortly after the church 's press conference , U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch , a Utah Republican and a Mormon , said he will work to "  ensure that legislation designed to promote greater equality includes robust religious exemptions and nonretaliation provisions . " Utah state Sen. Jim Dabakis , who is openly gay , said "  Amen , " to the church 's "  historic announcement . " "  I am proud that the LDS Church has seen fit to lead the way in non-discrimination , " he said . "  Now , let 's roll up our sleeves , get to work and pass a statewide nondiscrimination bill . " Oaks , however , said it 's "  unfair " to characterize the church 's announcement as a national nondiscrimination campaign . Mormon leaders are merely seeking to square competing claims of gay rights and religious liberty , he said in a brief interview on Tuesday . The Human Rights Campaign , a national LGBT advocacy group , said some Mormons may consider their church 's announcement symbolically significant . "  But , as a matter of public policy , it appears deeply flawed , " said HRC Legal Director Sarah Warbelow . Doctors , landlords and business owners would still be allowed to discriminate against gays and lesbians , as long as they cited a religious reason , she said . On the other end of the spectrum , Southern Baptist leader Russell Moore called the Mormons ' new policy "  well-intentioned , but naive . " Proposals to balance gay rights and religious freedom inevitably lead to attacks on the latter , Moore said . Officially known as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the Mormon church , like other religious groups , has tried to strike a delicate balance on gay rights . Mormons have fought the legalization of same-sex marriage , for example , while trying to avoid the "  anti-gay " label sometimes affixed to conservative faiths . Many church members were particularly stung by the fierce backlash to Prop 8 . The Mormon-backed referendum was later struck down in court . Nearly two-thirds of Mormons say homosexuality should be discouraged by society , according to a 2012 survey conducted by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . The church 's official position is that same-sex attraction is not a sin , but acting on it is . At the same time , Mormon leaders have taken an increasingly civil tone towards gays and lesbians in recent years , and gay rights groups cheered the church for endorsing the Boy Scouts ' decision to allow gay scouts in 2013 . Notably , however , Mormon leaders said Tuesday that they would not -- and could not -- alter their opposition to gay marriage , calling such unions , "  contrary to the laws of God . " "  This commandment and doctrine comes from sacred scripture and we are not at liberty to change it , " said Sister Neill Marriott , a leader in the church 's women 's organization . "  But , God is loving and merciful , " Marriott continued . Jesus ministered to marginalized outcasts , she said by way of example , while also obeying religious commandments . "  It 's for this reason that the church has publicly favored laws and ordinances that protect LGBT people from discrimination in housing and employment . " In 2009 , the Mormon church backed nondiscrimination regulations for gays and lesbians in Salt Lake City . On Tuesday , Mormon leaders said they are now willing to support similar measures elsewhere , including laws protecting LGBT persons from unfair bias in housing , unemployment and public transportation . With nearly 6.5 million members in the United States , the Mormon church is one of the largest in this country to offer support of LGBT anti-discrimination laws , second only to the United Methodist Church . The country 's two largest Christian denominations , the Catholic church and Southern Baptist Convention , have opposed the Employee Non-Discrimination Act , or ENDA . None of those groups condone gay marriage . In this country , less than a third of states have laws protecting gays and lesbians from discrimination , according to GLAD , a gay rights group . Even fewer state laws protect gender identity or expression . It is unlikely that Mormons ' support of those measures could increase that number significantly , except perhaps in church strongholds like Utah , Idaho and Wyoming . There are 16 Mormons in Congress , where LGBT civil rights legislation , including ENDA , has repeatedly failed . Gay marriage has proved far more successful than anti-discrimination laws , despite opposition from conservative groups , including the Mormon church . Thirty-five states now allow same-sex couples to wed. . Earlier this month , the Supreme Court agreed to decide whether states have the constitutional right to ban same-sex marriage . Perhaps with an eye on the high court , Mormon leaders said Tuesday the rights of gays and lesbians must not trump the religious freedom of faith communities . "  What kinds of religious rights are we talking about ? " said Elder Jeffrey Holland , a member of the church 's Quorum of Twelve Apostles . It begins with the rights of faith communities to preach their beliefs from the pulpit , teach them in church classrooms and freely select their own leaders and ministers , Holland said . But religious freedom should also extend to Mormon physicians who refuse to perform abortions or artificial insemination for a lesbian couple , or a Catholic pharmacist who declines to carry the "  morning after " pill , he added . As Mormon leaders acknowledged Tuesday , such situations have perplexed politicians , appeared on court dockets across the country and set conservative and liberals at fierce odds . "  These are serious issues , " Holland said , "  and they require serious minds engaged in thoughtful , courteous discourse . "	Mormon leaders call rare press conference in Salt Lake City They pledge support for anti-bias laws for gays , lesbians , bisexuals and transgender people Leaders say in return they want the laws to protect the rights of religious groups as well
CNN  -- Childhood is confusing . It 's difficult to fully understand things at the best of times and , occasionally , you 'll experience something that is unlike anything that you 've experienced thus far . One such example came early for me . During our regular family drives , my father would play a cassette from an old BBC radio program that he 'd first listened to as a kid growing up in the 1960s . The show was called "  Round The Horne " and it featured a couple of camp homosexual characters who went by the names of Julian and Sandy -- played by Hugh Paddick and Kenneth Williams . The pair were out-of-work actors who could be found running various fashionable and niche enterprises that always started with the word "  bona " -- such as "  Bona Films . " The sketches usually began with a very middle-class Kenneth Horne knocking on a shop door and asking "  Hello , anybody there ? " before Paddick answered "  Ooh , hello ! I 'm Julian and this is my friend Sandy ! " The audience loved them and their appearances became a highlight of the show thanks to a mixture of "  Polari " language -- gay slang -- and ever more risque double entendres . Perhaps their best-known sketch is when Horne is looking for legal representation and pops into a little shop called "  Bona Law . " Horne : "  Can you help me ? I 've erred . " Sandy : "  Well , we 've all erred , ducky . I mean , it 's common knowledge , ennit , Jule ? " Horne : "  Will you take my case ? " Julian : "  Well , it depends on what it is . We 've got a criminal practice that takes up most of our time . " Horne : "  Yes , but apart from that , I need legal advice . " This was my first exposure to homosexuality and , because it was through humor , ably explained by my father , it meant that the only confusion around the subject came as I wondered why the kids in my school playground called each other "  bender " or "  queer . " As a 10 or 11-year-old kid , you ask yourself very obvious and basic questions about the things that you 're unsure about . Why are the kids calling each other these names when the kid in question is n't funny ? Gays are funny , are n't they ? It was , of course , down to an ignorance brought about by a lack of exposure at my age . As you build up more encounters , so you build up a more complete picture of something . But the older I get , I do find myself continually amazed by the amount of people I meet who are still ignorant or underexposed to a whole range of things . It is n't necessarily their fault but it has a profound knock-on effect nonetheless . The fact is that there are millions of gay people all over the world and if you 're a fairly relaxed person like me , well , that 's just the way it is . Big deal . I 'm not a religious fellow in any way whatsoever so , where homosexuality is concerned at least , Jesus Christ is not my barometer . Then again , maybe I 'm the ignorant one . Until I typed that last sentence , that thought had never occurred to me . For some people , it is a big deal and I only really came into contact with that once I became a footballer . Up until then , my life had been fairly colorful , to say the least . In football , homosexual players remain scarce . There have been a couple of players who have "  come out , " most recently Robbie Rogers , the former Leeds United and United States forward , who took to his website to announce that he was gay ... and promptly retired from the beautiful game at the tender age of 25 . It was unfortunate for football and the gay community -- football is in desperate need of a gay icon -- yet was completely understandable . "  They  the players  often do n't mean what they say , " Rogers said . "  It 's that pack mentality . They 're trying to get a laugh , they 're trying to be the top guy . But it 's brutal . It 's like high school again -- on steroids . " Rogers was talking about a changing room that does n't know that it has a gay player in its midst . But I 'm as certain as I can be that a changing room that does know that it has a gay player in its ranks would be a very safe place for a gay footballer . That pack mentality works the other way , too . The group protects its own . It does n't matter whether you are white , black , straight or gay . I 'm as certain of that as I can be . Sure , players will talk behind each other 's backs , not necessarily in a disparaging way , but -- to the outside world at least -- the team is a united front . There are no veils , curtains or walls in a changing room because every team has a player who will call a spade a spade . Somebody who will point out that the king has no clothes on and , with one not-so-subtle comment , remove the awkwardness of almost any situation . The first time my roommate met the man at our club who has one hand , he said to him : "  Are you right-handed or left-handed ? " It was the ice-breaker everybody needed , especially for the man in question , who said that the worst thing about his disability is when people walk around him on eggshells . But it is difficult , if not impossible , for even the tightest of squads to protect a player from the taunts of tens of thousands of fans . Or , for that matter , even just a few people . As recently as 2008 , a section of Tottenham Hotspur fans sang the following words to Sol Campbell as he lined up for Portsmouth against his former club : "  Sol , Sol , wherever you may be Not long now until lunacy And we wo n't give a f**k When you 're hanging from a tree You 're a Judas c ** t with HIV . " It 's easy to see why Robbie Rogers gave the answer he did when a journalist asked him what he thought the reaction might be if he were to line up for Leeds against , say , Millwall . "  Woah ! " Rogers exclaimed . "  I ca n't even think about that . " I can tell you now , it would be horrendous for him . You know as well as I do that the abuse a homosexual player would receive from "  fans " throughout the land would be intolerable . That is n't to say that it would n't ease off , but would you want to be the player who goes first ? On England 's south coast in Brighton -- an area with a large gay community -- the football team and its fans take a fair amount of stick both during home matches and at away grounds . I 've heard "  fans " singing to their counterparts : "  Who 's the f **** t in the pink ? " And once during a home match : "  Does your boyfriend know you 're here ? " -- which , I wo n't lie , made me smile because of the laughter it generated among the traveling Brighton contingent . Interestingly , there are few , if any , headlines written about it either as a social commentary or by a journalist going for a bit of sensationalism . However , Brighton currently occupy a playoff berth in the Championship and , should they win promotion to the Premier League , I guarantee you that the headlines will begin in earnest next season -- something that will force the authorities to take a very public , zero-tolerating stance . Perhaps that will turn out to be the first step on the ladder to a player "  coming out . " Julian and Sandy broke down many of the social barriers that existed in post-war UK at a time when homosexuality was still illegal . It stands up because the writing is exceptional and the risque tone of it is expertly delivered on stage . Kenneth Williams , in particular , seemed to go about his role with such relish that it almost sounded as if he 'd been freed from some terrible secret . Many years later , after his death , his private diaries would reveal a man at tremendous odds with his own sexuality . Imagine that ; imagine not being able to live out the true meaning of your life with the same freedom as most other people . Imagine having to keep your true identity a secret . I would n't wish that on anybody .	Homosexual players in football remain scarce with Robbie Rogers the latest to come out and then retire Footballers protect their own but can not shield players from terrace abuse Abuse for a gay player even in 2013 would be "  intolerable "
CNN  -- It 's like a scene out of "  The Terminator . " Rows upon rows of giant robot arms weave in and out of a tightly packed assembly line of unpainted car skeletons . There are no humans in sight -- just huge machines working in jerks and spasms , but quickly , each massive arm doing something different . Some spew sparks and fire , some brush , some drill . Others wipe or probe with their strangely shaped tips . From a second floor glass bridge inside Toyota 's Motomachi plant , our tour group stares down at production lines on either side of us , noses pressed to the glass . "  Ninety-six percent of the production process is completed by robots , " says our guide , who may or may not be a robot herself , if her monotone delivery is a hint . "  Thirty workers take care of the robots . They have an average life of 10 to 12 years . " The robots , that is . This giant factory full of giant robots produces cars for the world 's best selling automaker -- Toyota sold 9.98 million vehicles in 2013 . "  We need to talk about your TPS reports . " Studied at universities and schools around the world , the Toyota Production System is considered by many to be the most well-run and efficient self-correcting production system in the world Although Toyota has been remarkably transparent about its renowned system -- opening its plants to anyone who wants to observe or study them -- emulators  automotive and beyond  have struggled to match its remarkable success . "  Many companies have focused on tangible ` artifacts ' of the Toyota approach , " says Steven Spear , senior lecturer at the MIT Sloan School of Management and co-author of the Harvard Business Review article "  Decoding the DNA of the Toyota Production System . " "  Very few have recognized and incorporated the high speed learning dynamic that is essential . The differential results between the tool-oriented imitators and the behavior-oriented emulators are profound . " The company itself officially explains its system this way : "  The practical expression of Toyota 's people and customer-oriented philosophy is known as the Toyota Production System  TPS  . This is not a rigid company-imposed procedure but a set of principles that have been proven in day-to-day practice over many years . " Future on display Located two train rides and a short cab trip from Nagoya , the tour begins at the Toyota Kaikan Museum , a bland-looking building at the automaker 's headquarters . While 50 % of the company 's 69,000 employees are located in this area , between the train station and Toyota 's headquarters there 's hardly anyone in sight . The building 's exterior looks pure , corporate generic . Inside its glass doors , however , things get futuristic . Hologram engine displays , alien-like vehicles and Formula 1-winning cars glisten on the floor . Fascinating as they all are , one exhibit demands my attention -- a slender , blue and white robot that starts playing the trumpet . I 'd heard about this robot , with its piston-powered lungs and rubber lips ; I was n't prepared for how stirring its music would be . The notes are tender , the vibrato , achingly human . If I were a musician , I think , I 'd be worried about the future of my profession . Alongside the trumpet-playing robot is a scaled-down replica of the Toyota Production System , a safety simulator that works like an arcade game and a new Lexus bike . Auto pilgrims After the museum , it 's time for the Motomachi plant tour , located 15 minutes away . We 're taken there , of course , on a Toyota bus . All phones and cameras are left behind in lockers . No pictures allowed . The tour is well off Japan 's mainstream tourist path -- most visitors have to travel several hours out of their way to get here . There are nine people in my English-language tour group -- a mix of nationalities . All are rapt with attention throughout the tour . Henk van Brummelen , a traveler from Holland , arrived on the train from Tokyo the same morning . He tells me he once ran a chocolate factory in Holland that adopted the Toyota Production System ; he 's always wanted to check out the production line in person . "  It 's so amazing to see how calm and easygoing the atmosphere is in spite of the incredible quality control , " he says . Three Australian engineers who are backpacking through Japan say the Toyota stop is a priority of their trip . During the bus ride , our guide tells us a quirky fact about Toyota 's name . Although the founding family 's name was Toyoda , the name of the company was switched to Toyota as the latter requires eight strokes to write in Japanese , and eight is considered a lucky number . Mama The welding factory is the site of the Terminator-like scene of robotic arms working as fire and sparks shoot over car frames . This plant produces 70,000 cars per year , or approximately 400 per day . That breaks down to a vehicle being completed every 135 seconds . More than 30,000 parts go into each car , and the plant houses 760 robots . After the welding plant , many more human workers fill the assembly line . We walk through a series of bridges above the workers , who glance up occasionally and smile at us while working on car guts . Constant "  ding dong " sounds chime in the background , making us feel like we 're in a giant video game arcade . These sounds are actually part of a "  Just in Time " pull system . They signal that something has gone wrong or a problem has been detected and a worker has called for a supervisor . Yet the lines keep moving quickly . Another geeky fact shared by our guide : Toyota invented a "  doorless system , " meaning they take the doors off the cars so that workers can get in and out of the car more quickly to assemble parts . The doors are re-attached later in the assembly line . At the end of the tour , we play a series of timed games meant to demonstrate the remarkable skills required of Toyota 's plant workers . One involves looping ropes on pegs , and screwing and unscrewing bolts . Another feels like a less-colorful version of Hungry Hungry Hippos . The entire tour takes two and half hours . When it 's time to head back to the museum and visit the gift shop , I find a large display featuring boxes of car-themed curry , of all things . I buy one , of course -- at least under factory conditions , everything Toyota produces looks incredible . Touring Toyota Toyota Kaikan Museum and plant tour , 1 Toyota-cho , Toyota , Aichi ; advance online booking required . Free entry . Recommended itinerary from Nagoya Station : Take the JR Tokaido Line , New Rapid service bound for Toyohashi , departing 8:45 a.m. , arriving 9:18 a.m. at Okazaki . Transfer to Aichikanjo Line , local service bound for Kozoji , departing 9:27 a.m. , arriving 9:59 a.m. at Mikawa-Toyota Station . From Mikawa-Toyota Station take a taxi to Toyota Kaikan Museum . Total travel time : 90 minutes . Train fare approximately   1,030  $ 10  . The factory tour starts at 10:30 a.m. and lasts until 1 p.m.	The Toyota Production System is considered by many the best in the world Visitors can tour Toyota 's Motomachi Plant , internally known as "  the mother plant " At Motomachi , a car is completed every 135 seconds Toyota was the world 's best selling automaker in 2013 , selling 9.98 million vehicles
CNN  -- The United States will not bargain with al Qaeda over the life of an American worker filmed making an emotional plea to President Barack Obama to save his life , U.S. officials said Monday . "  We do n't make concessions to terrorists , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said when asked whether the United States would meet the demands contained in a video posted Sunday to several Islamist websites featuring Warren Weinstein . "  My life is in your hands , Mr. President , " said the American captured in August from his home in the Pakistani city of Lahore . "  If you accept the demands , I live . If you do n't accept the demands , then I die . " White House spokesman Jay Carney reiterated the point , saying that while the administration 's hearts go out to Weinstein and his family , "  we can not and will not negotiate with al Qaeda . " Ayman al-Zawahiri , leader of the al Qaeda terror network , listed eight demands that he said , if met , would result in Weinstein 's release . The demands related to issues in the Middle East , Pakistan , Afghanistan and Somalia . "  It is important that you accept these demands and act quickly and do n't delay , " Weinstein said in the video posted Sunday . Toner said that U.S. officials had not corroborated the video and could not say with certainty that the man in the video is Weinstein . He said he believes Weinstein is likely being held in the tribal areas of Pakistan , but that the United States has no way to verify it . The State Department said Monday that U.S. officials , including the FBI , are assisting Pakistani authorities in the investigation . Toner said Monday that the government is staying in close contact with Weinstein 's family . In the video , which is less than three minutes long , Weinstein makes references to Obama 's daughters and to his own children ; he says he wants to let his wife know he is "  fine and well . " Al Qaeda 's demands include the lifting of the blockade on movement of people and trade between Egypt and Gaza ; an end to bombing by the United States and its allies in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Yemen , Somalia and Gaza ; the release of anyone arrested on charges of belonging to al Qaeda and the Taliban . It also calls for the release of all prisoners in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and American secret prisons and the closure of Guantanamo and the other prisons . The group also wants the release of terrorists convicted in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center and the release of relatives of Osama bin Laden , the founder of al Qaeda who was killed last year in Pakistan . Weinstein was captured after his kidnappers managed to overcome the three security guards who were protecting him . As the guards prepared for the meal before the Ramadan fast , three men knocked at the front gate and offered food for the meal -- a traditional practice among Muslims during the holy month of Ramadan , according to the Lahore police . Once the gate was opened , the three men forced their way in while five others entered the house from the back , tied up the guards and duct-taped their mouths , according to the police . They pistol-whipped the driver and forced him to take them to Weinstein 's room , where they also hit Weinstein on the head with a pistol and forced him out of the house and into a waiting car , the police said . A police official said in August that three suspects had been arrested in Weinstein 's kidnapping . Weinstein was working for J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , a consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia . CNN 's Elise Labott and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : United States wo n't negotiate for American 's release , officials say Warren Weinstein was abducted in Pakistan in August Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility and set out conditions for his release In a video released Sunday , Weinstein says his life is in Obama 's hands
CNN  -- The space shuttle Atlantis crew completed its first spacewalk to upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope , a daylong act of grueling labor that featured the replacement and installation of key instruments . Spacewalkers remove a camera from the Hubble on Thursday . Astronauts John Grunsfeld and Drew Feustel removed the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 and swapped it out with an updated model , a device that "  will allow the telescope to take large-scale , clear and detailed photos over a wide range of colors , " NASA said . But they had a tough time removing a bolt in that task , an issue that caused some concern for colleagues on the ground . They eventually released it . "  OK , here we go . I think I got it . It turned . It turned . And it 's turning easily now , " Feustel said . "  Very nice . " In all , the repair mission took seven hours and 20 minutes , a hard day 's work that ended at 4:12 p.m. EDT . "  It turned out very well , " lead flight director Tony Ceccacci said during a NASA briefing . The team also replaced a Science Instrument Command and Data Handling Unit , a computer that "  sends commands to Hubble 's science instruments and formats science data for transmission to the ground , " NASA said . The team "  installed a soft capture mechanism , a device that will allow future vehicles to attach to the telescope , " NASA said . And they installed "  a combination of locks and latches that will allow for faster opening and closing of the telescope doors during the third spacewalk . " "  This is a huge accomplishment , " Preston Burch , Hubble Space Telescope program manager , said during a briefing . "  Our first EVA day in more than seven years . " EVA is the acronym for "  extravehicular activity , " the phrase for spacewalking . It was the first of five spacewalks scheduled during the 11-day mission in which the crew will work in the shuttle 's cargo bay to upgrade and repair Hubble . Astronauts Michael Good and Mike Massimino will perform the next spacewalk on Friday . They will be installing gyroscopes and batteries . Learn more about the Hubble repairs " The mission is one of the most ambitious space repair efforts ever attempted . Atlantis launched Monday afternoon for NASA 's fifth and final repair visit to the telescope . Watch Atlantis lift off on Hubble mission " After a two-day chase , the shuttle captured the telescope Wednesday with its robotic arm some 350 miles above Earth and pulled it into Atlantis ' cargo bay for service . Watch Atlantis snag the Hubble " It 's been seven years since the last space shuttle crew worked on the telescope , which has been latched to a rotating , "  lazy Susan " - type device for five days of repairs and remodeling . A camera mounted on the shuttle 's robotic arm , 200 feet from the telescope , is taking pictures of it -- the first time the telescope has been seen since March 2002 . An umbilical line was connected to provide electricity from Atlantis to the telescope , according to NASA . Mission commander Scott Altman also will position the shuttle to allow Hubble 's solar arrays to gather energy from the sun and recharge the telescope 's batteries . The timeline for the spacewalks is so tight , there 's a chance the astronauts wo n't get everything done , especially if they hit any snags . And that 's a real possibility because some of the repairs they are attempting have never been tried before . NASA canceled an Atlantis mission to extend Hubble 's operational life in January 2004 because the trip was considered too risky in the wake of the 2003 space shuttle Columbia disaster , which killed seven astronauts . That accident was blamed on a hole punched in the front of the wing by debris during liftoff . But public pressure and steps taken to increase shuttle safety led the space agency to reconsider . Hubble 's "  greatest discoveries , " NASA says , include determining the age of the universe -- 13.7 billion years , discovering that "  virtually all major galaxies have black holes at their center , " and "  providing evidence that the speed at which the universe is expanding is accelerating -- caused by an unknown force that makes up for more than 75 percent of the universe . " CNN 's John Zarrella and Kim Segal contributed to this report	NEW : Astronauts complete 7-hour-plus spacewalk to repair Hubble telescope NEW : Two-man team successfully replaced a Hubble camera and computer Atlantis launched Monday on 11-day mission to orbiting Hubble observatory Flight director deems "  dings " on shuttle wing "  very minor "
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , distressed over a call to attack the hotel where Ivory Coast 's president-elect and U.N. security forces are based , said Thursday that the forces are "  authorized to use all necessary means to protect its personnel " and any others at the location . "  Any attack against peacekeepers constitutes a crime under international law , for which the perpetrators and those who instigate them will be held accountable , " Ban said . A spokesman for Alassane Ouattara , declared the winner in a November 28 runoff election , brushed off the threats to attack the hotel . "  I do n't see anyone taking this hotel by any means , " Patrick Achi told CNN . "  So really I 'm not taking  this  seriously . " Tensions have been mounting in the West African nation for more than a month after the disputed presidential election . World leaders have urged self-declared President Laurent Gbagbo to cede power in favor of Alassane Ouattara , who is considered the rightful winner of last month 's poll . Read about how the stalemate is rooted in deep divisions Expressing his concern about "  the deteriorating situation in Cote d'Ivoire , " Ban said he was "  deeply alarmed " to learn of the call by supporters of Gbagbo to attack the U.N.-protected Golf Hotel in Abidjan , where Ouattara has his headquarters . Youth and employment minister Charles Ble Goude said on state television RTI Wednesday that supporters should "  liberate this place with your bare hands " after January 1 . In the broadcast , the minister said Ouattara supporters were calling for international intervention in the political standoff . Ban said the U.N. Operation in Ivory Coast has a "  significant number of military and police personnel deployed to provide security for the Government of Cote d'Ivoire and key political stakeholders " as part of its mandate from Security Council resolution 1962  2010  . "  Any attack on the Golf Hotel could provoke widespread violence that could reignite civil war , " said Ban , calling on people "  contemplating participation in the attack to refrain from such dangerous irresponsible action . " He urged Ivorians to "  contribute instead to the restoration of lasting stability and democracy in their country . " Meanwhile , the nation 's new ambassador to the United Nations warned that the country is "  on the brink of genocide , " citing the more than 170 deaths that came in the violent aftermath of the election . Youssoufou Bamba , Ouattara 's newly appointed ambassador , said Ouattara is concerned about the human rights violations following the elections . "  As you know , there is a massive violation of human rights ... 172 people killed only because they want to demonstrate , they want to speak out , they want to defend the will of the people , " the ambassador told United Nations officials Wednesday . "  We think it 's unacceptable . Thus , one of the messages I try to get across during the conversations I have conducted so far , is to tell we are on the brink of genocide , " said Bamba , whose credentials were accepted by Ban on Wednesday . Bamba later elaborated on his comments , telling CNN by phone that he is worried about the killing of Ouattara partisans and saying he had heard reports of homes being "  marked " in areas where they live . The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court defines genocide as the intent to destroy national , ethnic , racial or religious groups , but the targeting of political entities are also included in some generic definitions of the word . Francis Deng , special adviser of the U.N. secretary-general on the prevention of genocide , and Edward Luck , the special adviser of the secretary-general who focuses on the responsibility to protect , said some leaders in the country are stoking violence between different elements of the population for political purposes . "  Given the history of internal conflict in Cote d'Ivoire , " they warned , "  such actions are highly irresponsible . " They cited unconfirmed reports that Gbagbo and forces under his control are using inflammatory speech to spark hatred . Deng cited "  extremely worrying " allegations that the Abidjan homes of Gbagbo 's political opponents had been marked to identify their ethnicity . Luck cited the 2005 World Summit Outcome Document , in which heads of state promised to protect people in the countries from genocide , war crimes , ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity . "  This responsibility entails the prevention of these crimes , importantly including their incitement , " he said . "  We would like to remind all parties in Cote d'Ivoire , as the secretary-general did in his statement of two weeks ago , of this solemn commitment and of the fact that they are accountable for their actions under international law . " The international community -- including the United States , the United Nations , the African Union and the European Union -- recognize Ouattara as the president-elect of Ivory Coast . The endorsement is based on the results of a November runoff election certified by the country 's Independent Electoral Commission and international observers . The country 's Constitutional Council -- whose members were all appointed by Gbagbo -- invalidated the results , citing reports of voting irregularities in some parts of the country , and declared the incumbent president the winner . Earlier Wednesday , Presidents Yayi Boni of Benin , Ernest Bai Koroma of Sierra Leone and Pedro Pires of Cape Verde met with President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria , who chairs the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  , a spokesman for the group told CNN . Details of their talks were not immediately available . The three presidents traveled to Ivory Coast earlier this week , but failed to persuade Gbagbo to step down . ECOWAS has threatened military intervention . The political stalemate has led to violence , with scores of people killed in violence in the aftermath of the vote . The U.S. State Department has ordered the departure of family members and nonemergency personnel at the U.S. Embassy in Abidjan . Also Wednesday , a onetime aide to former U.S. President Bill Clinton resigned as Gbagbo 's attorney , saying in a letter to Ivory Coast Ambassador Charles Koffee that efforts to arrange a phone call between Gbagbo and U.S. President Barack Obama had been thwarted by unidentified officials in Gbagbo 's government . Lanny Davis , who served as special counsel to Clinton , said he had urged Gbagbo to invite "  an independent international investigation of his claims of electoral fraud and violence , and to respect the results of that review , as a path to the peaceful and mediated resolution of this crisis . " The proposed phone call from Obama , which Davis said was being arranged by a senior State Department official , would have presented Gbagbo "  with options for a peaceful resolution , that would avoid further bloodshed and be in the best interests of his country and the people of the Ivory Coast , " according to the letter by Davis . "  Unfortunately , as you know , the decision was made in Abidjan not to allow President Obama 's call to be put through to Mr. Gbagbo , despite my repeated objections to that decision , " Davis wrote in the letter . "  Nor have I been able to reach Mr. Gbagbo directly myself to offer him this advice , despite repeated requests , as recently as the last twenty-four hours . " Davis ' letter said he would continue pushing for a peaceful resolution . Earlier , French Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero told reporters in Paris that only ambassadors sent with the approval of Ouattara would be recognized by European Union countries . Gbagbo 's government has threatened to expel ambassadors of countries that recognize Ouattara 's appointees , according to spokesman Ahoua Don Melo . More than 15,000 refugees have fled for neighboring Liberia amid the standoff , according to the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees . CNN 's Moni Basu , Alanne Orjoux , Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott , Richard Roth and journalist Eric Agnero contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. secretary-general describes the situation as "  deteriorating " Scores of people killed in violence following disputed runoff election Self-declared President Laurent Gbagbo is urged to cede power World leaders consider Alassane Ouattara the rightful winner
