Struggling for a present for the man who has everything ? How about a skinned bear ? This was just one of the thousands of thoughtful gifts on display that had been given to the founder of North Korea , Kim Il Sung . A present from former Romanian communist leader Nicolae Ceausescu , the bear takes a place of pride in an exhibition house in Hyangsan , three hours north of the capital , Pyongyang . Officially named the International Friendship Exhibition House , the exhibition hall is on the official tourist route and crammed full of vases , canvases , military paraphernalia and more unusual gifts . The North Korea I was n't meant to see Displayed are 112,225 gifts for Kim Il Sung , his son Kim Jong Il and current leader Kim Jong Un from 184 different countries . By far the biggest donors are China and Russia , and most notably the communist former USSR . The tour begins A soldier stands guard on both sides of the impressively large entrance door and any cameras , phones and even pads and pens are promptly taken away . The tour can then begin . In the introduction hall , the eye is drawn instantly to a domineering white stone carving of Kim Il Sung sitting in a chair . I am told the Eternal President still receives many posthumous gifts . A sneak peek through the keyhole Under the ornate and pricey-looking chandeliers are glass cabinets containing some of the more important gifts . The official commentary says , "  enemy countries too sent a lot of gifts to president Kim Il Sung and respected Kim Jong Il , impressed by their great personality and virtues . " Gifts from the "  enemy " Sure enough , there are a couple of gifts from the "  enemy country " the United States . Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright gave Kim Jong Il a silver dish when she visited in October 2000 . The two countries were enjoying a lull in tensions at the time . In addition , Albright gave a basketball signed by Michael Jordan . Kim Jong Il was reported to be a huge fan of the NBA star . There is also a bowl from former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and his wife who visited in 1994 under the guise of a private trip . Of course , these gifts look rather paltry when I entered the next room and saw an actual train -- a gift from the communist leader of the USSR in 1945 . I then noticed the car Stalin gave to Kim Il Sung during the Korean War in the early 1950s . Not to be outdone , in 1953 , Chairman Mao Zedong of China also gave the North Korean leader a train . According to the souvenir DVD from the gift shop , 3.7 million visitors have walked through the building 's doors from its opening in 1978 until 2010 , almost half a million of whom were foreigners or South Koreans . I see a number of North Koreans filing through at the same time as me . Still lacking inspiration for that hard-to-buy-for person from what you 've read so far ? How about a fossilized snail , given by a former Prime Minister of Madagascar or ivory tusks from Guinea ? The tour guide insists most of the ivory in the world is housed in this exhibition , a claim that sounds a little far-fetched but given everything else that I have seen , somehow wholly appropriate .	The exhibition house is filled with gifts from 184 countries China and Russia are the biggest donors In 2000 , Madeleine Albright gave Kim Jong Il a silver dish and a basketball signed by Michael Jordan
CNN  -- The families of seven people killed and 61 survivors injured when a stage collapsed at the Indiana State Fair in August are being offered a total of $ 5 million by Indiana 's attorney general . The settlements proposed by the state are separate from the lawsuit most of the families filed last month against Sugarland , the country duo that was set to perform just before a windstorm caused metal scaffolding to fall on dozens of fans . The estate of each of those who died would get at least $ 300,000 , while the injured would get 65 % of their medical expenses paid out of the state 's tort claims fund , Attorney General Greg Zoeller said in a news release Tuesday . "  No amount of money ever can replace lives lost or alleviate anguish endured by the victims of the Indiana State Fair tragedy , " Zoeller said . "  Because state law limits the amount the state can pay to $ 5 million per incident or $ 700,000 per individual and we are legally obligated to defend those limits , we had to make extremely difficult decisions about which injured victims would receive payment out of the limited pool of funds available . " The estates and survivors must decide by December 12 if they will accept the state 's offer or pursue tort claims in court . Metal scaffolding supporting the stage lights fell onto the "  Sugarpit , " a section usually occupied by Sugarland 's most faithful fans , when a storm swept through the Indiana State Fair on August 13 . A lawsuit filed last month by 48 plaintiffs contends that the band "  failed or refused to cancel the Sugarland concert despite inclement weather " and that it had "  ultimate control over the lighting " that fell on many of the victims . "  Sugarland had supervisory authority and discretion for stage size , lighting , instruments , trusses , sound equipment and location of sound equipment , and the stage system , " the suit said . Forecasters warned that heavy rain and strong winds would hit the fair nearly two hours before the storm moved through , causing the collapse of the stage . The National Weather Service estimated winds at 60 to 70 mph . "  Sugarland was not required to perform if Sugarland determined their performance would be impaired or prevented due to inclement weather , " the suit said . "  The decision whether to cancel the Sugarland concert due to weather conditions was the responsibility of Sugarland . " Sugarland 's representative said the group would offer no comment about the lawsuit . The suit also names other defendants , including Mid-America Sound , the company that rented the stage , roof and lighting system , and event promoter Live Nation .	Families of those killed would get $ 300,000 each , while injured would get 65 % of medical bills State law limits total payout to $ 5 million , Indiana 's attorney general says Stage collapse killed 7 , injured dozens waiting for Sugarland concert at state fair in August Most victims are also suing the country duo and contractors involved with the show
CNN  -- What 's that in the sky ? Is it an asteroid ? A comet ? A lawn sprinkler ? Turns out a newly discovered object is a little bit of all three -- minus the fact that you wo n't find many green lawns millions of miles from Earth -- NASA announced Friday . "  We were literally dumbfounded when we saw it , " David Jewitt , who leads the team exploring the "  asteroid with six comet-like tails of dust radiating from it like spokes on a wheel . " "  It " is P/2013 P5 , which NASA described as an "  unusually fuzzy-looking object " when it was spotted in August in our solar system 's asteroid belt . The Hubble Space Telescope then focused on it , photographing it first in early September and then again 13 days later . By then , it looked completely different -- as if it had done a 180-degree flip , NASA said . "  Its tail structures change dramatically ... as it belches out dust , " Jewitt , a professor at the University of California at Los Angeles , said in a news release . "  That also caught us by surprise . It 's hard to believe we 're looking at an asteroid . " Satellite falling to Earth The first-of-its-kind discovery "  completely knocked out " astounded astronomers , he added . Perhaps just as exciting is the expectation that this "  amazing object  is  almost certainly the first of many to come . " As Jewitt said : "  In astronomy , where you find one , you eventually find a whole bunch more . " The giant rock is about 1,400 feet wide and probably reaches surface temperatures of 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit . For that reason , NASA thinks it 's made of rock and not ice , like a typical comet is . Tens of billions of planets out there are like Earth The streams of dust were ejected six times between April and September -- something that the NASA team members believe might have been caused by the asteroid spinning so fast that its surface , at times , broke apart . NASA is still watching P/2013 P5 -- which Jewitt says apparently is a fragment of a bigger asteroid that broke off approximately 200 million years ago -- to figure out exactly why it 's doing what it 's doing . One theory is that this is one way that asteroids die . The full findings were published on November 7 in The Astrophysical Journal Letters . Big asteroid past Earth and will again in 19 years CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The Hubble Space Telescope focuses on object in the solar system 's asteroid belt Astronomers discover it is an "  asteroid with six comet-like tails of dust radiating from it " "  We were literally dumbfounded when we saw it , " an astronomer says One theory is that this is what happens to asteroids before they die
CNN  -- A powerful family accused in what is considered the worst politically motivated killings in recent Philippine history has committed many other atrocities with impunity over two decades , a human rights group says . The Ampatuan family and its forces are "  one of the most powerful and abusive state-backed militias in the Philippines , " says a new 96-page report released by Human Rights Watch , called "  They Own the People . " The family 's "  many abuses " include "  more than 50 incidences of killings , torture , sexual assault , and abductions and disappearances , " according to the report . The executive secretary in the administration of former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo categorically denied the allegations leveled in the report , saying that the administration 's "  earnestness to promote , protect and fulfill human rights has always been clear , and not even the unceasing efforts of critics , including ill-prepared reports , will diminish or discredit it . " Andal Ampatuan Jr. -- former mayor of Maguindanao province and the son of a former provincial governor -- is now on trial , accused of being the ringleader in the political massacre in Maguindanao . Ampatuan and his family have denied wrongdoing . Dozens of people in a convoy were ambushed on November 23 , 2009 , and their bodies were buried in a mass grave . The wife and sister of a political rival of Ampatuan 's and 30 journalists were among the victims . There are 196 accused , about 500 witnesses and more than 11,000 murder charges involved in the massacre case , which is expected to take years . "  In addition to the 58 killed in the Maguindanao massacre , the family is implicated over the years in the killing of at least 56 people , including relatives of opposition politicians , landowners who resisted forced acquisition of their property , eyewitnesses to Ampatuan crimes , including their own militia members , and even children , " the rights group 's report says . Human Rights Watch said it interviewed approximately 50 victims of abuses , their family members and friends , and witnesses , in producing the report . "  Despite an initial flurry of activity after the November 23 killings , including some arrests , 126 suspects remain at large and the government 's prosecution remains woefully slow and limited , " the report says . "  Senior police and military officers who failed to act upon knowledge of Ampatuan crimes have not been investigated ; investigations into the source of the family 's weapons have lacked transparency and independence ; and the national institutions responsible for accountability -- the Justice Department , the Ombudsman 's Office , and the Commission on Human Rights -- have done nothing significant to address the situation . " "  One year after the Maguindanao massacre , the Ampatuans remain a powerful and dangerous force with which to be reckoned . For more than two decades , the Ampatuans operated unchecked by the national police , the military , and the Department of Justice , which have not only failed to seriously investigate crimes allegedly committed by the family 's militia , but have even armed and worked alongside its members . " In the Human Rights Watch report , authorities appeared stymied . "  What can we do ? This is an influential family , " a police officer told the rights group . The Philippine government did not immediately respond to CNN 's phone and e-mail requests for comment , but a spokesman for the administration of President Benigno Aquino sent a text message to The New York Times . "  We 're working on it . The Ampatuan case is being tried , the prosecution is serious . We 're quietly laying the groundwork for dismantling private armies , but some cases are harder to fix than others , " wrote spokesman Ricky Carandang , according to the Times . Also , General Eduardo Ermita , the former executive secretary of the Arroyo administration , disputed the report 's contention that his government was slow to prosecute the perpetrators . "  Within days , more than a hundred people were apprehended and charged , including members of the Ampatuan family , not even sparing the patriarch Andal Sr. and his sons Andal Jr. and Zaldy who has since been relieved as ARMM governor . And the trial goes on to this day . " He also challenged Human Rights Watch to present evidence to back the allegation that the military armed the Ampatuans . "  For all intents and purposes , this allegation must be addressed if only to spare the armed forces from being unnecessarily suspected of wrong-doing , better yet to come their self-defense , " he said . The 2009 political massacre shocked people even in a country that is familiar with election violence . The trial of Ampatuan Jr. and his alleged accomplices has been delayed repeatedly , most recently because of a defense request for more preparation time . The delays have prompted outcries against the political influence of the Ampatuan family . They have ruled Maguindanao for two decades . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation .	The Ampatuan family is implicated in a 2009 political massacre The crimes are considered the worst politically motivated killings in recent Philippine history Dozens of people were ambushed , their bodies buried in a mass grave
CNN  -- The stunning news has been spreading through the city of Greenville , South Carolina , shaking residents in a way they had n't felt in recent memory . Two families -- including five children -- were killed Sunday in a plane crash while vacationing together in Soldotna , Alaska , about 65 miles southwest of Anchorage . They were all passengers in a small , single-engine plane that crashed on takeoff into the runway at the town 's airport , officials said . While much of the country focuses on the intensely covered plane crash in San Francisco , many of Greenville 's approximately 60,000 residents have been thinking about Soldotna . The Alaskan town sits thousands of miles away , but this crash feels much closer to home . "  Without a doubt , it 's the most devastating tragedy I think we 've had to experience since I 've been here , " said Scott Sanders , a 21-year Greenville resident . "  Losing two entire families -- it just does n't happen . " Greenville was mourning Dr. Chris McManus ; his wife , Stacey McManus ; and their children , Meghan and Connor , said Johnathan Bragg , a spokesman for the Greenville Police Department . McManus was a radiologist who practiced at a local hospital . Also killed aboard the plane were the Antonakos family : Milton "  Melet " Antonakos ; his wife , Kimberly Antonakos ; and their children Mills , Ana and Olivia , Bragg said . All the children ranged in age from grade school to high school , said Sanders . Melet Antonakos worked in medical equipment sales while Kimberly Antonakos served as a president of a parent/teacher group , according to The Greenville News . "  You name it , if you needed somebody to volunteer , you called Kim Antonakos and she was there , " State Rep. Bruce Bannister told the newspaper . Bannister , who lives just down the street from the Antonakos home , told CNN he and Melet Antonakos had become good friends . Melet was Antonakos ' traditional family Greek name . "  He was ` Melet ' to his friends and ` Milton ' to his business associates , " Bannister said . The Bannister family 's son was a classmate of 12-year-old Ana . Now Bannister tells his children the Antonakos family "  got to go to heaven together . " In light of the San Francisco plane crash , Bannister said that sometimes it 's hard to really appreciate the significance tragedies have when they take place far away . "  You hear about a plane crash in California and you 're in Greenville , South Carolina , and you think , ` that 's a terrible tragedy . ' And now you hear about a plane crash and you think about the Antonakoses and how those families connected to the crash out there in California are feeling . You really recognize how huge these tragedies are . " Both families were "  very involved in their community , very involved in their church and their schools , " said Sanders , who is president of a swimming pool where some of the children went . "  Very few people here have not been touched by this tragedy . " Christ Church , where the families worshipped , has been especially striken by the news . Sunday school teacher Heather Meadors , who taught the children of both families as toddlers , told The Greenville News she felt "  like there 's a big black cloud over Christ Church right now . " McManus had been named among the nation 's best physicians in 2011 , according to his hospital website . He had a sibling who is employed by Turner Broadcasting , the parent company of CNN . "  Chris was one of our lead interventional radiologists , who brought a number of new and innovative diagnostic and therapeutic tools to the community , " McManus ' colleague , Dr. C. David Williams , told The Greenville News . "  He was an extraordinary physician but also an extraordinary human being who was known to be both compassionate and conscientious . " The Antonakoses and McManuses were bound for Bear Mountain Lodge off Alaska 's Chinitna Bay , about 80 miles southwest of Soldotna , the lodge 's co-owner , Mac McGahan , told CNN on Monday . In addition to the families , the pilot of the plane also died in the crash , authorities said , putting the death toll at 10 . The de Havilland DHC-3 Otter "  struck the runway and burned , " the FAA said , citing local law enforcement officials . By the time firefighters and medics arrived , the aircraft was engulfed , Soldotna police said . The plane was operated by Rediske Air , according to the FAA . The National Transportation Safety Board has sent a team to the crash site Tuesday and were investigating . This is n't the first NTSB case for Rediske . In August 2011 , a Rediske Air Cessna got stuck in sand after a sightseeing excursion , the NTSB said , damaging its propeller . The NTSB lists a 2004 incident when a pilot taxiing a Rediske Cessna at an airport in Trading Bay hit a 55-gallon drum of soap , bending the plane 's propeller . No one was reported hurt in either incident . In Greenville , the children 's classmates were mourning their loss . Students from J.L. Mann High School -- where Olivia Antonakos was about to start her junior year -- had flowers delivered to the family 's home , The State reported . Classmates also left a guest book for mourners to sign , according to the paper . Olivia 's involvement in the school stretched from the school varsity basketball team , to student government . Her classmates had just elected her the student body secretary . That 's five children lost -- whose hopeful promise of a fruitful and productive life will go unfulfilled . "  It 's just a loss for the school and for the whole community , " Charles Mayfield , the school 's principal , told The State . "  They were just good people . They thought of others before they thought of themselves . To lose the whole family , it 's just really shocking . " For the city as a whole , Bannister said church members , friends and neighbors of the two families will be gathering for prayer and memorials during the coming days . But the mourning seems more difficult somehow . "  This is especially hard because it 's a whole family , " he said . "  There 's this void . There 's nobody to console , because there 's nobody at the Antonakos house . There 's nobody to take a casserole to . Everybody wants to do something , but there 's nobody to do anything for . " There 's little else to do , Bannister said , except to lean on each other . This unforgettable tragedy , he said , "  has almost brought us closer together . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Meridith Edwards , Rene Marsh , Cristy Lenz and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Plane crash kills 9 people from two different South Carolina families The McManus and Antonakos families of Greenville included five children FAA : The plane "  struck the runway and burned " on takeoff Sunday southwest of Anchorage The plane 's pilot also died in the crash , officials said
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama met Monday with Japan 's sixth prime minister in five years to try to strengthen ties with the Pacific economic power still struggling after last year 's earthquake and tsunami that triggered a nuclear power plant meltdown . The president and visiting Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda started bilateral talks at the White House , to be followed by a working lunch and then a joint news conference . Japan 's volatile domestic politics , amid economic sluggishness and the March 2011 tsunami-triggered nuclear crisis , have made continuity a challenge in relations between the World War II enemies turned industrial allies . Noda came to power in September , and last week , the two governments addressed a thorny issue of recent years with a plan for the United States to relocate about half of its 19,000 Marines based on Okinawa to other places in the Pacific region . While the relocation faces some opposition in Congress and Japan , the announcement of an agreement signaled a desire by the countries to work together on a way forward in bilateral relations . In addition , the two leaders will probably discuss North Korea 's fledgling nuclear weapons program and political changes in Myanmar . Another topic expected to come up Monday is possible Japanese membership in the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a trade alliance that is part of Obama 's strategy to increase U.S. exports and influence in the Asia-Pacific region . Participants so far in negotiations on the partnership include Australia , Brunei , Chile , Malaysia , New Zealand , Peru , Singapore , Vietnam and the United States . Canada and Mexico also have expressed interest in joining . Last month , Noda issued a sobering and reflective assessment of his country 's recovery a year after the 9.0-magnitude earthquake , tsunami and nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi plant . The resulting release of radioactivity forced residents of several towns near the plant to flee their homes , and a 20-kilometer  12.4-mile  zone around the plant remains closed to the public . Only two of Japan 's 53 nuclear reactors remain in operation , with others taken offline for routine maintenance and then idled . The strain on the grid with summer approaching is raising concern in corporate Japan , which fears it wo n't have enough power to run production lines in the country . "  In case there is a short-term supply and demand gap of energy , it could cause downward pressure on the economy . We must avoid that , " Noda told CNN last month . The prime minister faces not just the nuclear cleanup and disaster reconstruction , but an economy facing intense pressure . Japan 's currency , the yen , remains at historic highs versus the U.S. dollar . A high yen makes it more expensive for Japanese corporations to make a profit when the funds are repatriated , dragging down corporate profits , domestic investment and employment . Japan 's debt-to-gross domestic product ratio is highest among developed nations , topping 200 % . The country is also aging at an unprecedented rate . By the year 2050 , the government projects , 40 % of the population will be over the age of 65 , straining public funds while relying on a dwindling tax base . "  We have no time to waste , " Noda said about economic challenges , adding that economic growth and fiscal health "  must occur side by side . " The centerpiece of the prime minister 's economic policy has been the doubling of the country 's sales tax , from the current 5 % to 10 % by October 2015 . The plan remains unpopular with voters , but the prime minister has repeatedly endorsed fiscal responsibility in the wake of the shrinking economy . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda is Japan 's sixth head of government in five years Japan is still recovering from last year 's quake , tsunami and resulting nuclear plant meltdown Japan and the U.S. agreed last week to relocate some U.S. troops based on Okinawa Noda and Obama hold bilateral talks , then a working lunch and a news conference
CNN  -- As a historian and a former speaker of the House who negotiated successfully through two government shutdowns , a successful welfare reform bill , the first tax cut in 16 years and four balanced budgets , I am offended and a little frightened by President Barack Obama 's deliberate dishonesty about the debt ceiling . On Wednesday , speaking to the Business Roundtable , Obama said : "  You have never seen in the history of the United States the debt ceiling or the threat of not raising the debt being used to extort a president or a governing party and trying to force issues that have nothing to do with the budget and nothing to do with the debt . " This is just plain false , and he knows it . That he would say something so factually false in a prepared text is very worrisome . First of all , issues such as Obamacare do n't have "  nothing to do with the budget " and the idea that it is unusual for Congress to bring them into the debt ceiling debate is absurd . Far from having "  nothing to do with the budget and nothing to do with the debt , " Obamacare is a major part of the budget , and it is now projected to cost twice what the president promised . The president 's historical claim is completely wrong , as well . Let 's set the record straight . Debt ceilings have been used since President Dwight Eisenhower in the 1950s to enable conservatives to put limits on government spending . The concept of using the debt ceiling as a vehicle to force negotiations really took off under President Richard Nixon in the early 1970s . Under President Ronald Reagan , one of the most important changes in spending , the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act , was attached to a debt ceiling provision . Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton also signed debt limit increases tied to spending agreements . When we reached a deal to balance the budget 1997 , it included a debt limit increase . As Speaker John Boehner pointed out , "  In fact , every major effort to deal with the deficit over the past 30 years has been tied to the debt limit . " Of course , Obama himself has signed a debt ceiling increase with amendments attached to it . This is not a dictatorship . The president can not dictate . The structure of our Constitution requires negotiations between the president and the Congress to get anything done . It is very troubling that the president would adopt a "  no-negotiation " strategy and then deceive the American people about the history of negotiations on the debt ceiling . It is especially bizarre that Obama eagerly negotiates with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad but considers the elected leaders of the American Congress unworthy negotiators . As Reagan said in his 1964 speech "  A Time for Choosing " : "  The trouble with our liberal friends is not that they 're ignorant ; it 's just that they know so much that is n't so . " Anyone who tells you tying the debt ceiling increase to spending agreements is unprecedented knows something that just is n't so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Newt Gingrich says Obama wrongly claims debt limit has n't been subject to negotiations He says president is wrong in saying Obamacare is n't relevant to the budget Gingrich says there 's long history of presidents negotiating with Congress on debt limit Gingrich : If Obama can negotiate with Putin and al-Assad , he should negotiate with Congress
CNN  -- The U.S. Marine Corps on Friday identified the seven killed in a midair collision of two of its helicopters this week along the Arizona-California border . The Marines , who were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan , were killed Wednesday in a collision between an AH-1W Super Cobra attack helicopter and a UH-1Y Huey utility helicopter . The Marines were identified as : _ Maj. Thomas A. Budrejko , 37 , of Montville , Connecticut . He was commissioned as an officer by the Marine Corps on May 24 , 1996 , and served as an AH-1W Cobra pilot and executive officer of attack squadron 469 . _ Capt. Michael M. Quin , 28 , of Purcellville , Virginia . He was commissioned as an officer by on May 26 , 2006 , and served as a UH-1Y Huey pilot . _ Capt. Benjamin N. Cerniglia , 31 , of Montgomery , Alabama . He was commissioned as an officer on December 14 , 2007 , and served as an AH-1W Cobra pilot . _ Sgt. Justin A. Everett , 33 , of Clovis , California . He enlisted in the Marine Corps on February 19 , 2002 , and served as a helicopter crew chief aboard a UH-1Y Huey . _ Lance Cpl. Corey A. Little , 25 , of Marietta , Georgia . He enlisted on March 30 , 2009 , and served as a helicopter crew chief aboard a UH-1Y Huey . _ Lance Cpl. Nickoulas H. Elliott , 21 , of Spokane , Washington . He on May 4 , 2009 , and served as a helicopter crew chief aboard a UH-1Y Huey . _ Capt. Nathan W. Anderson , 32 , of Amarillo , Texas . He was commissioned as an officer on December 20 , 2002 , and served as a UH-1Y Huey pilot . Anderson was assigned to Marine Aviation Weapons and Tactics Squadron One at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma , Arizona , while the other six were assigned to the Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 469 , Marine Aircraft Group 39 , 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing at Camp Pendleton , California , the Marine Corps said in a statement . "  Every single one of these Marines impacted our squadron in their own special way and the entire Marine Corps aviation community is feeling their tragic loss , " said Lt. Col. Stephen Lightfoot , commanding officer of Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 469 . The cause of the collision , which occurred during routine training operations , remains under investigation , the Marines said . The crash occurred Wednesday night around 10:30 p.m. ET in the Chocolate Mountains on the California side of the range , near Yuma , according to Marine Corps Air Station Yuma Base Commander Col. Robert Kuckuk . While weather did not appear to play a factor , visibility may have been severely limited by nightfall and a significant amount of dust , referred to as a "  brown out , " created by the helicopters landing and taking off , Gunnery Sgt. Dustin Dunk , a spokesperson for Air Station Yuma , has previously said . The cause of the crash remains under investigation , said 1st Lt. Maureen Dooley , a Marine Corps spokeswoman , said . The military has long used the AH-1W and UH-1 Huey for a variety of tasks . The military describes the AH-1W as "  the backbone of the United States Marine Corps ' attack helicopter fleet . " The UH-1Y is a twin-engine , medium-size helicopter . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Six of the Marines killed belonged to a Camp Pendleton-based squadron , the Corps says One Marine was assigned to a Yuma-based squadron , the Corps says The cause of the accident remains under investigation , Marines says The Marines were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan , the Corps says
CNN  -- Authorities have seized $ 1 billion worth of marijuana plants and have arrested 82 Mexican nationals with ties to drug cartels in the first week and half of an effort to eradicate marijuana fields from California 's Fresno County , the county sheriff 's office said Wednesday . The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels . Operation Save Our Sierra began July 13 and involves local , state and federal agencies working together to remove marijuana growing operations , investigate and arrest drug traffickers , and remove infrastructure on public lands in Fresno County , a news release said . "  This is a high-intensity drug trafficking area , " U.S. Drug Czar Gil Kerlikowske said in a phone interview . "  I think what should be highlighted here is the local authorities ' work to reclaim the land from the drug traffickers . " The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels , local authorities said , though they did not release further details . Eastern Fresno County , where the seizures have been made , is mountainous and sparsely populated . Growers exploit the area 's streams , rivers and lakes to create elaborate drip lines for their plants . A mature plant can be worth $ 4,000 , said Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims . "  Fresno County is roughly the size of Connecticut , and the drug traffickers target these areas because they know there is not that significant of a law-enforcement presence , " Mims said . "  The chances of getting caught are slim . " "  The bottom line is our public lands are being destroyed by foreign drug trafficking and heavily armed Mexican cartels , " George Anderson of the U.S. Department of Justice said Wednesday at a news conference highlighting the seizures . The operation is the largest in Fresno County history and one of the largest in California , Mims said . "  What makes this operation unique is the approach : prevention , enforcement , eradication and reclamation , " she said . Intelligence gathered for the operation began in February , with community presentations about prevention . The effort is now focused on shutting down the at least 70 marijuana farms identified by local authorities . The operation is expected to continue into November , when colder weather makes marijuana growing more difficult . At least 330,000 marijuana plants have been seized , Mims said . "  This shows what can be accomplished at the local level when agencies work together , " Kerlikowske said . Kerlikowske , who flew to Fresno County on Wednesday and toured a marijuana farm , said his office is one of the primary sponsors of the operation .	The U.S. drug czar says it is a high-intensity drug trafficking area Suspects have links to Mexican drug cartels , authorities says At least 330,000 marijuana plants have been seized Operation is expected to continue into November
SHANGHAI , China  CNN  -- On Saturday at 10 a.m. it 's show time for Brenda Zhang and her subtitle team . They roll out of bed , meet each other online and chat , while their modems download the latest episode of "  Prison Break , " which just aired half a world away on Friday night in America . Chinese netizens have a growing appetite for online English content . Once they have the show on their hard drives , the team spends the rest of the day creating subtitles for it in Chinese before putting it back online for other fans to watch . Dozens of such groups exist in China . They are voluntary and are translating a mix of media , from books and magazines to games , TV shows and movies . The translated products are for an audience whose primary means of accessing foreign entertainment is the Internet . The members of these online translations groups participate out of a desire to improve their English . For many there is also a passionate interest in overseas content and a desire to make it accessible to other Chinese people . "  This is a way to fulfill your life and do something you are interested in , " said Zhang , a 24-year-old who translates for a team that calls themselves "  Showfa . " "  I think Chinese people need to know something different , to see how the foreigners think about life , think about love . " Aside from the international content made available on the Web , largely by the translation groups , people in China have fewer opportunities to legally watch imported entertainment than in many developed countries . While the viewing selections have been growing in recent years , Beijing still issues quotas for the number of international films allowed in cinemas each year , while the limited amount of content permitted to air on state-run TV is usually censored , poorly dubbed and not popular anymore . Translation team members download TV shows through different methods : watching directly from a Web site or downloading from a translation group Web site . Clips can also be downloaded through BitTorrent -- file-sharing sites such as Xunlei . Through this method , groups post their "  seeds " on these sites , and people can download them . The translation teams acknowledge that what they are doing is less than legal and say they do worry that someday they may be forced to quit  so far there are no reports of a group being shut down  . "  We are living in this grey zone , " said Deping Wang , a former member of a team called 1000fr . "  It is not legal , but at the same time , nobody can live without it . This is the dilemma . " Many international media companies are concerned the groups are eroding their potential profit margins in China by illegally making the content available for free . Some , however , see the translation groups ' efforts as a conduit for cultivating a market that will be willing to buy content if it is allowed to be distributed through official avenues in the future . "  While there is still an issue on the translation right , we also take a broader view to look at its impacts on other parties such as it 's providing a platform for a Chinese audience who would otherwise not be able to understand or access The Economist content , " Henry Luk , Asia-Pacific regional director for The Economist Group , told CNN via e-mail . Since 2006 , a group calling itself the Eco Team has translated more than 8,000 articles from British newsmagazine The Economist . Members collaborate with the translations , posting articles on their message board to be collectively copy-edited . The final versions are published on Eco Weekly a biweekly publication that can be downloaded and printed at no cost . The Eco Team Web site has more than 60,000 registered users , according to the group . "  We want this magazine to be published in Chinese , " said translator Jerry Bai at a recent party held by some of the Eco Team members in Shanghai . "  This is our only one wish . " However , beyond the copyright issues that come up around the subtitle squads , Bingchun Meng , a media lecturer at the London School of Economics who is studying the teams , sees them as an opportunity to understand the social dynamics of virtual groups . "  These are fascinating communities , " Meng said . "  You think that everything online is more egalitarian and anti-establishment , but what we see is the emergence of another kind of operation of power , but maybe the power does n't come from the traditional source but from different venues . " Virtual communities The translation teams consist of loosely structured yet highly coordinated , even hierarchical , virtual communities often consisting of hundreds of participants around the world . While some members occasionally meet each other offline , they mostly communicate through email , online forums or via instant messaging services , like QQ and MSN Messenger . Within each team , there are leaders responsible for organizing the translation efforts of various sub-groups assigned to different TV shows and movies in English and also other languages such as German and Japanese . Leaders select the shows to subtitle by taking votes from Chinese "  netizens " about the programs they want to see . More experienced translators are given so-called "  zero day " shows -- highly popular programs , like "  Prison Break , " that are recorded and uploaded by someone living abroad to a special FTP site immediately after the program . Meanwhile , back in China , a team is on standby , ready to download and subtitle the show as fast as they can for Chinese fans to watch online -- and to see if they can beat rival translation gangs . Competition can be fierce . To get ahead , some teams route content through servers in Thailand and Hong Kong to circumvent slow speeds that can stymie downloads between the United States and China . "  It can buy 10 minutes , and , you know , 10 minutes means a lot of things , " said Wang , the former member of 1000fr , one of the first translation teams in China . There are around a half-dozen other subtitle groups that are well known , including YDY , or Yidianyuan  Garden of Eden  , 1000fr 's main rival . "  These two groups fight together to see who is the fastest to translate into Chinese , " Wang said . "  Two hours was one of our record translation times . " Before someone can be a translator , he or she must first go through an application process and take a language test . Wang said she had to translate 300 words in 15 minutes to become part of 1000fr . Teams also often have entire human resources departments responsible for recruiting new members , and there is never a shortage of applicants . "  A lot of people apply . A lot , " said Zhang , who is responsible for bringing in new recruits for Showfa 's Japanese subgroup . "  There are a lot of TV series , and we need a lot of human resources . " But just as quickly as new members come , they also go . Many of the translators are college students with plenty of time on their hands , often quitting once they graduate and have to get a job . Zhang finished school several years ago but still manages to find time to spend with her subtitle group who she says are also her best friends . They also meet online every Tuesday morning to translate another popular American show , "  24 " . Yet now on Saturdays , Zhang and the translators will have to come up with a different routine . This season of Prison Break was its last . "  We will take a break , " Zhang said . "  And wait for new shows . "	Online translating teams in China volunteer to translate pirated English media Virtual teams compete with one another to translate latest downloaded U.S. shows Team member : "  We are living in this grey zone ... it is not legal " Media expert : Groups are unique experiment in social dynamics of virtual groups
CNN  -- All eyes at the Group of 20 summit in St. Petersburg , Russia , will be on Vladimir Putin and Barack Obama , two men who are barely on speaking terms . Undoubtedly there will be drama . Putin brought his pet Labrador , Koni , to his first meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who has a well-known fear of dogs , to intimidate her . Given Putin 's track record , one could be forgiven for thinking that Edward Snowden might make an appearance in the Russian delegation . The true cost of the U.S.-Russian dispute will only become apparent in a few months . As the leaders focus on Syria , the purpose of the summit -- managing the global economy -- will get short shrift . As concern grows about economic troubles in emerging economies such as China , India and Brazil , we are unlikely to see a coordinated response from St. Petersburg . Official agenda items such as energy subsidies and food security will be completely overshadowed . The G20 leaders ' summit was created in 2008 after the fall of Lehman Brothers as the world economy stood on the brink of collapse . The West 's leaders recognized they could not fix the global economy by themselves in the old Group of Eight club . Emerging economies such as China , India , Brazil , South Korea and South Africa had to be brought into the mix and could no longer be treated as second-class citizens . The G20 's great contribution to world affairs was its success in managing the global financial crisis and restoring stability to the financial system . The Washington summit in 2008 and the London summit in 2009 did much to avert a new great depression . Unprecedented cooperation between the world 's largest economies provided liquidity that limited the contagion of the banking crisis , kept markets open and prevented countries from resorting to protectionism , and provided a stimulus that cushioned the drop in growth . In the years since , it has become fashionable to say that the G20 failed to follow up on its initial success . There is some truth to that . Member states have been unable to agree on a common fiscal policy -- the United States and several emerging powers favored more stimulus , while Germany and the United Kingdom led a coalition for austerity . Much still needs to be done to fix international finance , which remains crisis-prone . And the G20 has been unable to assist in managing the euro crisis . The reason is simple . Once it stepped back from the edge of the precipice , each government began fighting from its own corner . Now , as emerging economies slow down and developed economies show new signs of growth , some may ask whether the G20 still has a role to play . Is it just another talking shop ? This view is understandable but wrongheaded . It could do better , but the G20 still matters for the global economy . In a globalized world , no country can pursue a unilateral international economic policy . Instability in a major economy will inevitably destabilize all other economies . We ca n't go back to the G8 , which would leave out the world 's second  China  , seventh  Brazil  and 10th  India  largest economies . Governments will disagree on the best way to achieve growth , on the right level of regulation , on currency manipulation and much else . But all of these divisions would grow and threaten economic stability if leaders did not formally meet to discuss them . Even if progress is slow , we live with the ever-present risk of a new economic crisis . If one were to occur , a functioning G20 is indispensable . The real problem with the St. Petersburg summit , which contrary to expectations was relatively well-organized by Russia , is that the G20 's global economy agenda has being taken over by the Syrian crisis . It is not surprising , but there is a real cost . The world still needs an effective steering committee for the global economy . If there were the remotest possibility of G20 agreement on Syria , it might be worth it , but there is n't . It will be up to Australia , which hosts the next summit in 2014 , to get the G20 back on track . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Wright .	Thomas Wright : Syria likely to overshadow G20 's purpose : managing global economy He says G20 created in 2008 to respond to economic crisis and it was able to avert disaster G20 remains key to staving off global economic crises , Wright says Wright : Meeting likely wo n't do much to solve Syrian conflict , but world still needs G20
CNN  -- As many as four inches of rain fell near Phoenix on Tuesday , sending flash floodwater through areas of Arizona already saturated from recent rains . Two women and their two dogs were rescued after flood waters trapped them inside a house in the rural community of New River north of Phoenix , according to Amanda Jacinto , spokeswoman for the fire department in the Phoenix suburb of Peoria . Aerial video from CNN affiliate KTVK showed firefighters landing on the roof of the house . Strong currents enveloped the base of the home and water pressure ripped off parts of the structure . Jacinto said the rescuers were unable to hoist the women onto the roof , so a four-person crew from the fire department could reach them via a shallow-water crossing . No one was injured during the rescue , according to Phoenix Fire Department Capt. Benjamin Santilla . Santilla reported 14 other rescues in the area . An elderly woman was trapped in her car as flood waters swelled around her SUV , submerging the bottom half of the vehicle , aerial video from KTVK showed . Two emergency responders pulled her to safety . Tui Khan was one of several drivers stuck as they tried to make it under an overpass in Phoenix . "  The cars were passing and one big wave came and then a bigger wave , " Khan told CNN affiliate KNXV . Fire crews towed his car from the underpass . Peoria Fire Capt. James Neely assisted with the rescue . "  It 's been a very busy morning , " he told KNXV . "  A lot of stranded drivers trying to make their way to and from school . " Maricopa County activated its Emergency Operations Center Tuesday afternoon , according to Pete Weaver , director of the county 's emergency department . "  We are watching the current weather forecast and do not anticipate things being as bad the rest of today and into tonight because we are now experiencing quick-moving small cells , but you never know with weather so we are keeping our EOC activated , " said Weaver . The National Weather Service in Phoenix said a flash-flood warning was in effect for central Maricopa County in Arizona until 2:15 p.m. local time . The service tweeted at 1 p.m. that very heavy rain was about to fall in Scottsdale . There was 3.98 inches of rain in New River , according to KTVK . CNN 's Suzanne Presto and Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Two women were trapped inside a house as waters smashed into its foundation Another woman has to be rescued from her car Multiple cars stranded under an overpass CNN affiliate reports one area received 3.98 inches of rain Tuesday
CNN  -- On Monday , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio announced changes in the way police will deal with people caught with small amounts of marijuana . Now police officers will no longer arrest anyone caught with less than 25 grams of pot . Instead , they will issue a summons to appear in court . De Blasio hopes this policy will spare young people the burden of a criminal conviction . "  A summons will not affect their future . An arrest could , " de Blasio said at a news conference . De Blasio 's plan sounds like a significant step away from New York 's controversial "  stop and frisk " policies , the kind of policing de Blasio campaigned against when he ran as a progressive candidate for mayor . But upon closer examination , de Blasio 's policy does n't seem so progressive . At best , it is a well-meaning baby step toward more effective law enforcement . At worst , it is a policy that ignores the racial disparities in marijuana arrests -- and one that might have unintended consequences for the people it is trying to help . One troubling aspect of de Blasio 's new policy is that it does not address the issue of who will be stopped for minor marijuana possession . According to the Drug Policy Alliance , an advocacy group aimed at easing drug laws , in the first eight months of this year , 86 % of those arrested for possessing small amounts of pot in New York were African-American and Latino  by comparison , the 2010 Census shows that slightly over half of the city 's population is African-American and Latino  . So while young people of color may avoid being taken to jail for pot possession , it is still overwhelmingly likely that it will be young people of color who find themselves with a summons for possession . De Blasio 's plan also holds worrisome implications for due process . Previously , after a person was arrested , the prosecutor 's office would review the case and decide whether to pursue it . Under the new policy , this crucial step is circumvented . A person who is given a ticket for minor pot possession must appear in a courtroom , even if their arrest was legally questionable . Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth Thompson told The New York Times that allowing police to write tickets without oversight raised "  a serious concern that many summonses will be issued without safeguards currently in place . " And if people miss their court dates , they could still face warrants for their arrest . What 's more , NYPD officers will retain wide discretion under de Blasio 's new policy . Police officers will be allowed to make a judgment call on whether to issue a summons or arrest a person . That seems awfully trusting of a police department that has not only been cited for unconstitutional racial profiling , but one that also has aggressively ramped up marijuana enforcement efforts . Consider that marijuana-related arrests under de Blasio are on par with those of his predecessor , Michael Bloomberg . De Blasio can not remake the law on marijuana ; that is up to the New York state legislature . Yet what if he were to take a bold stance in favor of marijuana decriminalization ? This could spark the same types of discussions that ultimately led voters in Colorado and Washington to legalize pot . With the Pew Center reporting that public support for marijuana legalization is at an all-time high , the mayor of New York should be out in front of this debate . At the very least , de Blasio should make clear to his police commissioner that he expects the NYPD to move away from law enforcement techniques that led the New York City Civil Liberties Union to declare New York "  the nation 's marijuana arrest capital . " De Blasio 's new marijuana policy should be seen only as a down payment on long overdue NYPD reforms . As a national figure representing a new generation of progressive leadership , he owes all New Yorkers his full commitment to equal outcomes under the law .	Raul Reyes : NY Mayor de Blasio says cops wo n't arrest someone with small amount of pot They 'll get summons instead . It 's good step , but does n't address racial aspects of stops , he says Reyes : New rule requires court appearance . Miss it , and there 'll be arrest warrant . This a flaw Reyes : De Blasio , show your progressivism . Take bold stance in favor of pot decriminalization
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Truly appreciating the beauty of Paris is a pleasure that ca n't be hurried . Stop , breathe , appreciate and perhaps kiss in the romantic city of Paris . Take time to wander down its wide boulevards , savour every sip of strong , black coffee and resist the temptation to fall into step with the throng of tourists and sightseers . Our advice to anyone who finds themselves with 24 hours to spare in the French capital is to stop , breathe , appreciate and indulge . Start the day with a walk down the Champs-lyses . For some , it retains the title of the world 's most beautiful avenue . For others , the road 's historical charm has been blighted by the arrival of global brands , traffic and tourists . Sunrise offers the history without the hurry . Take a leisurely stroll down its expansive pavements and look up for impressive architecture without fear of bumping into shoppers . Treat yourself to breakfast at one of Paris ' oldest tea salons . Ladure was founded as a family business in 1862 and now appears in luxurious locales in London , Monaco , Switzerland and Japan . The original , Ladure Royale on Rue Royale , does n't open until 8:30 am  and later on Sundays  , so for early morning pastries drop into the Champs-Elysees store which opens at 7:30 am every day . The queues at Paris ' most famous art gallery , the Louvre , are notorious so impatient visitors are advised to go to the Muse de l'Orangerie , set in the historic Jardin des Tuileries . You wo n't see the Mona Lisa , but the gallery does boast a collection of Claude Monet 's Water Lilies . The queues are shorter the earlier you go and to really beat the crowds pre-book your time slot online . Head north to have your own images sketched by street artists in Montmartre , a former stomping ground for famous names including Salvador Dali , Claude Monet , Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh . Drop into the Basilique du Sacr Coeur to pray , light a candle or simply enjoy the spectacular views over Paris . From there , visit Rue Lepic where you will find Caf des Deux Moulins , where actress Audrey Tautou waited tables in the 2001 film "  Amlie . " Note that when you ask for a coffee in France , you 'll automatically receive a black espresso . If you 'd like something bigger and milkier , ask for a caf au lait  already popular elsewhere  or caf Americain  filter coffee  with milk  lait  . Further down Rue Lepic you 'll find Au Virage Lepic , a quaint bistro dripping in traditional Parisian atmosphere . It 's usually crowded with locals so book in advance . Getting around is easy in Paris . Take a bus or the Metro or join the legion of cyclists on hugely popular Vlib rental bikes . Pick up your own bike at one of the service points scattered around the city . You 'll need a credit card to register for a one-day subscription , or to speed up the process pre-book a one-day ticket online . It 'll cost you one euro and the first 30 minutes of every journey for the next 24 hours is free . After than , any additional time will be charged to your credit card until you return the bike to any stand in the city . In the afternoon , walk -- or cycle -- down Boulevard Saint-Germain on the historic Left Bank . Discover your inner intellectual over a coffee or dinner at Les Deux Magots , a former meeting place for Paris ' great literary minds including Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre . From Boulevard Saint-Germain , walk down Rue Saint-Sulpice , past Saint-Sulpice , a striking church founded in the 1646 and brought to a new audience as one of the buildings featured in Dan Brown 's best-selling novel  and subsequent film  "  The Da Vinci Code . " Wander further on to Rue de Svres where you can batter your credit card with some upmarket shopping at Le Bon March and La Grand Epicerie . In the evening , soak up some Parisian chic at the De La Ville Caf on Boulevard Bonne Nouvelle , or indulge in the opulence of Hotel Costes on Rue Saint-Honore . Both serve food and close at 2am . Treat yourself to a glass of champagne and start planning your next sojourn in Paris !	It 's difficult to truly appreciate Paris with one eye on your watch , so slow down ! Wander through its historic areas , still popular with artists and intellectuals Treat yourself to breakfast at Ladure , end the day with champagne
CNN  -- "  Admit it , you 're lonely . In the end , whatever you say , you must be so lonely . " So said the otherwise obliging radio presenter when he interviewed me about a recent BBC article in which I had defended singledom . Read more : Single ? You 're not alone After so often being asked at dinner parties or other social occasions , why I was not partnered , I had realized that the question is innately hostile . If I were to ask a similar question , "  Why have you settled for him ? " or "  How did you get stuck with her ? Are you so afraid of being alone ? " this would be thought rude and intrusive . Read more : Still single ? What 's the matter with you ? Increasingly , we realize our relationships might not or need not endure . Increasingly , we are choosing to live alone . And yet being or remaining single still is still too often considered a deviant status , a second best , a failing . We do n't need stories of how to become couples . They are legion . We need stories about how to be single . We need them whether we are gay or straight . We need them whether we are single by choice , through separation , divorce , or bereavement or because this , for you , is how life has turned out . Read more : The stigma of being single in Shanghai I did not claim the single state to be superior to coupledom -- nor ever will -- but that it is equally valid , as capable of joy , variety , adventure and eventfulness . And , yes , as liable to loneliness -- with the proviso that no one is quite as lonely as those who fear being alone . And why would n't we fear being alone ? Are n't we encouraged in this fear ? Every pop song has it so . Every movie touching on human relationships . Every advert selling us not just the better life , but the best life . Your family fear for you . Your friends . Sometimes you might frighten yourself . You are nothing , nothing , nothing if you do n't have someone else to complete you ? And who would want to remain a spinster ? Ugly word . The word is innocent : the connotations are unkind . Does n't it suggest that , withered , alone and childless , you have failed at life ? Rebrand the word . Call yourself Spinsta ! Say it like Gangsta ! Fight for your rights -- or simply vote , as 68 % of single women did for one candidate over another , and let it be understood that your interests are not in the economy , but your own sex life and your need for free birth control . Read more : The two kinds of single women But then single people are most often defined by their sex life , muddily defined at that . A single person is sexless , celibate , repressed -- or the very reverse . Historically , the bachelor has had an easier time of it , but who calls himself a bachelor these days ? Does n't it sound suspect ? Perhaps these male spinsters have "  issues " ? Are n't lying about their sexuality ? Are n't they emotionally retarded ? Might they be users , fearful of real commitment ? They will be punished . They do not know how lonely they will become . Even the gay bachelor can no longer escape . That gay relationships need protection of the law is both right and necessary , but why is the true confirmation of our sexuality to be in thrall to the tyranny of coupledom that for so long did us so little favor ? People have told me that I have been brave to speak out as a single person . It did not seem so . It seemed timely and necessary . It seems right to keep on saying so . But , yes , I must be lonely , must n't I ? Despite all I believe and say , I must be lying to myself . I must realize I am failing at life . Read more : Jim Friel 's blog So , more or less , thought a therapist on that radio show . Much of his work was with single people . Sad single people . There can be no other kind . They sit alone in bars -- or , at least , the men do : the women dare not go out at night . He counseled such people , and he had discovered that each had sustained a psychic wound in childhood . He led them to a point where they realized that only union with another person could heal that wound . He did not know me -- he did not know me at all -- but he suspected this was my story , this was my life , and how it and I might be healed . I told him that I did not spend my time alone at bars , that I had , as single people do , friends . I had relationships , that my life was full . I told him that I was no more wounded than any coupled person , and that I looked with horror at any advice that led me to use another person as a band-aid . I can not deny that I am sometime sorrowful , sometime lonely . I am human . Simply being human , single or coupled , means one has , running though oneself , a vein of sorrow , but I wonder , when the coupled person considers that vein of sorrow within themselves if they are not tempted to call it , I do n't know , "  My husband " ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Friel .	As single man , Jim Friel often faces "  innately hostile " question : Why are you single ? He asks : "  Why is confirmation of sexuality to be in thrall to tyranny of coupledom ? " He does n't claim single state to be superior to coupledom -- but it is equally valid
A landslide caused a passenger train to partially derail in the Swiss Alps Wednesday , injuring at least six people , regional police spokesman Peter Faerber said . The train was headed from St. Mortiz to Chur in eastern Switzerland when at least two carriages derailed near Tiefencastel , said Simon Rageth , spokesman for the Raethische Bahn rail company . A rescue operation was under way Wednesday afternoon , said Faerber , a spokesman for police in the Swiss canton of Graubuenden .	At least two train cars derailed near Tiefencastel , Switzerland , rail company says Six people were injured , police say
Drones are everywhere . Consider that just in the past few days , a Federal Aviation Administration official revealed that in March a US Airways passenger jet nearly collided with a small-unmanned aircraft that looked similar to an F-4 Phantom jet and was flying above 2,000 feet over Florida . These details and the fact that the drone was described as "  camouflaged " suggest that it was not a civilian drone . Then Sunday the Iranians announced that they had engineered a copy of a highly sophisticated U.S. surveillance drone that they had captured in 2011 . Iran 's state television showed footage of what they claimed was a replica of the American RQ-170 Sentinel drone . A photograph showed Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , sitting next to the drone . The same day that the Iranians showed off their new drone , Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , wrote an op-ed in The New York Times arguing against the appointment of David Barron as a federal judge . Barron was a White House lawyer who was involved in drafting the legal opinions used to justify the 2011 drone strike in Yemen that killed Anwar al-Awlaki , an American citizen who had taken a leadership role in al Qaeda . Paul wrote , "  Killing an American citizen without a trial is an extraordinary concept and deserves serious debate . I ca n't imagine appointing someone to the federal bench , one level below the Supreme Court , without fully understanding that person 's views concerning the extrajudicial killing of American citizens . ... I believe that all senators should have access to all of these opinions . Furthermore , the American people deserve to see redacted versions of these memos so that they can understand the Obama administration 's legal justification for this extraordinary exercise of executive power . " Not so long ago , killing an American citizen on the other side of the world with an armed drone would have been in the realm of science fiction . Before 9/11 , the United States had only a handful of experimental drones that had never been used to kill anyone . Today , there are at least 7,000 drones in the U.S. arsenal , more than 200 of which are armed drones that have killed thousands of people . Nine facts about armed drones This large American fleet of drones is a harbinger of an important trend . Armed drones will likely prove as important to the future of warfare as tanks were during World War II . We can expect to see them used not only by the United States , but also by other countries such as China and Russia that are jumping into the production of armed drones . But armed drones raise a number of moral and political issues that are unresolved . In Pakistan , the CIA drone campaign is deeply unpopular because Pakistanis ask themselves : What gives the United States the right to invade the sovereign airspace of our nation and sometimes kill our civilians , even in the service of the laudable goal of killing al Qaeda militants ? For American readers , do a thought experiment in which armed Mexican drones were routinely killing members of drug cartels living in Texas , but they were also sometimes killing a number of ordinary Texans and you get a sense of how the average Pakistani thinks about this issue . In Yemen , the U.S. drone campaign has also become increasingly controversial because drones continue to kill Yemeni civilians -- as they did last month in a strike that targeted members of al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate . In that strike on April 19 , at least nine militants were killed but so were three civilians . Even with these issues , drones present features that make them appealing to political and military leaders . Drones are not simply pieces of artillery that happen to fly . They have four characteristics that mean they are likely to reshape warfare at a tactical level . First , armed drones are different from any previous form of artillery because they can linger over and assess a target for many hours . That capability can quite dramatically lower the civilian casualty rates that have been typical of earlier eras of warfare . The smallest bomb dropped by the U.S. Air Force is typically 500 pounds . Such a bomb can not , of course , distinguish between a civilian and a combatant . A drone can do so . And it can also shoot much smaller missiles , such as the 100-pound Hellfire missile . In that sense there is a case to be made that armed drones presage a more ethical form of warfare that kills fewer civilians . But that does n't mean of course that drones and the people who operate them wo n't kill civilians in the future . The U.S. drone campaigns in Pakistan and Yemen have killed hundreds of civilians over the past half decade . Second , armed drones also make it possible to wage war against particular individuals . In a sense drones are flying assassins that target particular people . It is not an accident that the rise of drone warfare has coincided with America 's unconventional war against al Qaeda and its allies . In conventional wars , armies wearing uniforms attack each other . But in the kind of drone warfare that the United States has conducted since 9/11 outside of conventional war zones in countries such as Pakistan and Yemen , drone strikes are not directed at someone because of his status as a uniformed member of another military force , but rather because of the individual 's suspected connection to al Qaeda or an allied group . Bergen : Target an American with drones ? Third , there is a lower threshold for the use of force when armed drones are an option . In many ways the use of armed drones is akin to the use of cyberwarfare . Both tactics greatly reduce or eliminate the number of deaths that would result from a conventional armed conflict . And whoever launches a drone attack or a cyberattack pays no costs of the kind that would typically take place on a conventional battlefield . You ca n't shoot down a drone pilot or kill a computer technician launching some kind of cyberattack thousands of miles from the intended target . For this reason , drones and cyber capabilities can make conflict more likely as the barriers to engage in either drone warfare or cyberconflict are so low .  Until , of course , the opponent has the resources to retaliate in kind . Fourth , drone warfare is taking place in an unprecedented information environment in which the U.S. government collects ever-vaster amounts of data . This data collection is so extensive that the National Security Agency , for instance , can record every phone call that is made in a particular country . It is this merger of "  big data " and drone technology , which is also complemented by human intelligence about suspected terrorists provided by CIA assets on the ground in places such as Pakistan 's tribal regions , that has made drone warfare against al Qaeda and its allies so effective . The CIA drone campaign in Pakistan has killed 58 militant leaders , according to a count by the New America Foundation . Thirty-five militant leaders have also been killed in Yemen . Meanwhile , at least 339 civilians have been killed as well as at least 2,200 foot soldiers in militant groups in Pakistan and Yemen . At least 230 other people were reported killed , though it was not clear from reliable news accounts if they were militants or civilians . Indeed , using the most conservative estimates from a database of drone attacks maintained by the New America Foundation , the Obama administration authorized the killing of more than 2,400 people in drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen from the time it first assumed office until the end of March 2014 .  Using the least conservative estimates from that database , the total number of people killed was almost 4,000 . Put another way , using the most conservative estimates of the numbers of people killed in drone strikes by the Obama administration , they amount to three times the total number of the some 800 prisoners at the Guantanamo prison camp placed there by the Bush administration . As President Barack Obama reportedly told some of his aides , "  Turns out I 'm really good at killing people . Did n't know that was going to be a strong suit of mine . " Osama bin Laden recognized the devastation that such drone strikes were inflicting on his organization , writing a lengthy memo about the issue that was later recovered in the compound in Pakistan where he was killed three years ago . In the October 2010 memo to a lieutenant , bin Laden advised his men to leave the Pakistani tribal regions where the drone strikes have been overwhelmingly concentrated . Bin Laden wrote , "  I am leaning toward getting most of our brothers out of the area " and urged his followers to depart for the remote Afghan province of Kunar , explaining that "  due to its rough terrain and many mountains , rivers , trees , it can accommodate hundreds of the brothers without them being spotted by the enemy . " The civilian casualty rate from drone strikes has been dropping dramatically in recent years . According to New America Foundation data , the casualty rate in Pakistan for civilians and also for "  unknowns " -- those who were not identified in news reports definitively as either militants or civilians -- was around 40 % under President George W. Bush when the drone program was in its infancy . It has come down to about 7 % under Obama . Bergen : Obama 's high-stakes drone war in Yemen In 2013 in Pakistan and Yemen , the numbers of civilians killed by drones in both countries combined was the lowest ever , in the single digits , according to the New America Foundation 's data . This shift has been accomplished because of the combined effects of smaller munitions , improved drone flight technology , better intelligence on the ground , stricter White House guidelines regarding the use of drones , increased congressional oversight of the drone program and greater public scrutiny of the issue . It will be many years before other countries are able to build up the capacity that the United States has to carry out lethal drone strikes . As of 2013 , the United States had drone bases in countries such as Afghanistan , Djibouti and Saudi Arabia . And it is n't as easy as some might think for other nations to arm unarmed drones . Such weapons systems require specific electrical engineering ; the wings must be reinforced for the aircraft to sustain the force of launching a missile ; the drone must be equipped with fire control systems , and built-in mounting brackets are needed to attach munitions to the vehicle . But even with these inherent limitations , the drone industry thrives , and more companies and nations continue to jump on board the drone bandwagon . And the U.S. aggressive and secretive drone campaign against al Qaeda and its affiliates is setting a powerful international precedent about the use of armed drones . It is these kinds of drone strikes that are controversial since the use of armed drones in a conventional war is not much different , legally , than a manned aircraft that drops bombs or fires missiles . There has been virtually no substantive public discussion about what an international legal framework governing such drone attacks should be among policymakers at the international level . It 's long past due for that conversation to happen .	Peter Bergen says use of drones for military purposes is going to proliferate Drones enable warfare to be fought at lower cost without risking pilots ' lives They offer more precise targeting but still will kill civilians and thus will stir debate Bergen : Ethical and legal questions raised by the use of armed drones abound
CNN  -- A tropical depression that has brought flash flooding and landslides to the southern Philippines has left 45 people dead and displaced more than 260,000 , authorities say . Nearly 900,000 people have been affected by the heavy rains brought by Tropical Depression Agaton , having lashed the country for days , says the country 's national disaster agency , with more than 55,000 families currently in emergency shelter in 585 evacuation centers . Among those affected are survivors of November 's Typhoon Haiyan , which left millions homeless in the Philippines , says relief organization Oxfam . Oxfam 's Philippines country director Justin Morgan said in a statement that thousands made homeless by Haiyan had been evacuated from rain-collapsed tents and flooded makeshift shelters to avoid being left exposed to the elements by Agaton , including in the ravaged city of Guiuan , the first town in Haiyan 's path . On top of the official death toll of 45 , the Philippines national disaster agency said 68 people were injured and eight missing . Most of the deaths occurred in the regions of Caraga  19  and Davao  18  , both situated on the southernmost island of Mindanao . Most of the deaths were by drowning or in landslides , the disaster agency said . More than 800 houses have been destroyed by Agaton , and nearly 1,300 partially damaged , while 50 roads and 25 bridges have been rendered impassable by flooding . READ MORE : Philippines gets more than its fair share of disasters The current onslaught of bad weather began Friday when a low pressure area southeast of Guiuan developed into a tropical depression , with winds reaching 55 kilometers per hour  34 miles per hour  near its center . After drifting east and west over the south of the country , Agaton weakened to become categorized as a "  low pressure area " Monday . The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration , PAGASA , said in an advisory late Wednesday that the "  low pressure area " had dissipated . PAGASA said that Mindanao and the Eastern Visayas could expect isolated showers and thunderstorms , while strong to gale-force winds associated with the surge of the monsoon were predicted to affect the seaboards of Luzon and the Eastern Visayas . It advised fishing vessels not to go to sea in order to avoid the expected large waves . Over the last decade , the Philippines has consistently ranked in the top five most disaster-hit countries -- along with China , the United States , India and Indonesia -- according to the Center for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters , or CRED . Sitting on the western rim of the Pacific Ocean , the Philippines is situated in the most active area for tropical cyclones , due to the surrounding expanse of deep , warm ocean water . Its more than 7,000 islands offer plenty of exposed coastline to the mercy of wind and rain , while its many mountains , dropping sharply to coastal areas , present a risk of landslides . Many buildings in the Philippines are not built to withstand a heavy battering from the elements . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	Flash floods and landslides have left 45 dead in the Philippines in recent days More than 55,000 families , or 260,000 people , have been displaced by the storm Most of the deaths were by drowning or in landslides The heavy rains were brought by tropical depression Agaton , which has now dissipated
London , England  CNN  -- It may run contrary to the conventional image of a sport obsessed with the latest technological improvement but , from Stockholm to Shanghai , players are turning back the clock to take part in the latest craze -- hickory golf . The game , which involves using 19th century wooden-shafted clubs , has proved a hit as national championships in the United States , Australia , Canada , England , France , Germany , Sweden and Finland have blossomed . Companies too have been attracted to the format as a way of motivating staff . "  Golfers love a challenge , " says Gavin Bottrell , who runs hickory golf days in Britain . "  There 's a saying about modern golf clubs that you can buy any shot out of the shop . Playing with hickory makes people think more about their swing and be clever about their shots . " Hickory clubs were used widely until the 1930s , when manufacturers turned to more modern materials for construction . However , despite their lesser performance , the attraction of dressing up in old-fashioned golfing garb and hacking around 18 holes with mashies , niblicks and cleeks -- the evocative names given to the clubs used by Bobby Jones , Walter Hagen and Henry Cotton -- has endured . The format has a huge following in the U.S. where devotees gather at historic courses to play an "  authentic " round of golf . Hampton Munsey , who organizes the U.S. Hickory Open in Morganton , North Carolina , says the size of the field has almost doubled since the event was first held in 2008 . This year 's tournament already has entrants from Sweden and Germany , with players ' ages ranging from 20 to 70 . "  The camaraderie is almost as important as the game itself , " says Munsey , a member of the Society of Hickory Golfers . "  People feel a certain level of pride at being able to play with the old clubs and do well with them . " Bottrell , a university researcher , has been buying and selling hickory clubs since 1995 . He now has 60 full sets , which he rents out to companies as a package for $ 934 . Recently , he has noticed an increase in interest from abroad , with amateur golfers from Germany , South Korea and Australia all wanting their own slice of hickory history . But Bottrell 's profit margins are nothing compared to one Scottish collector . In April last year , Edinburgh antiques dealer John Dixon sold 7,000 clubs to a Chinese entrepreneur for $ 193,500 . The load has since been shipped to China in bundles of 20 . "  I think he is tapping into a growing market over there . New golf courses are opening in China all the time , " says Dixon . "  If they are building so many courses they need the merchandise and the memorabilia to go with it . " At Bottrell 's hickory golf days , participants try to enter the spirit of the era by dressing up in knickerbockers , neckties , flat caps and braces . "  They usually raid local charity shops and come up with some kind of outfit , " he said . "  They sometimes look like they 've stepped out of a pantomime . There 's quite a lot of confusion as to what golfers were wearing in the early 1900s . "	Hickory golf is enjoying a revival in all corners of the world Companies in the UK are paying up to $ 934 to hire hickory clubs for corporate team-building days The U.S. Hickory Open draws entrants from Europe and Asia with ages ranging from 20 to 70 Last year , a Chinese businessman paid $ 193,500 for 7,000 hickory clubs
CNN  -- Artists Isabel and Ruben Toledo share a romantic magnetism that binds together their personal and professional lives . They finish each other 's sentences ; they encourage each other 's fantastical whims . It 's the kind of chemistry that creative types covet . The Cuban-born Toledos met in high school in West New York , New Jersey , and married in 1975 . Since then , they have achieved success in their respective worlds : Isabel , as a fashion designer who counts Michelle Obama among her clients ; and Ruben , as a cartoonist whose drawings have appeared in The New Yorker . They live and work together in a loft that takes up several floors in Midtown , New York , and offers a view of the Empire State Building . Neither considers their ascent to fame conventional and , in many ways , they still regard themselves as outsiders in the fashion world . So , when Isabel was approached about writing a book of fashion advice for women , she seized it as an opportunity to tell the world that there is no straightforward path to success , especially as a designer . Naturally , Ruben provided the drawings for "  Roots of Style , " which was published this year . And , of course , he was wearing a black jacket and pants designed by his wife when they visited Atlanta in May for a student auction at the Savannah College of Art and Design . They spoke with CNN about love , life and labor . Below is an edited transcript of the conversation . Instant chemistry It was "  love at first sight "  for Ruben at least  in high school . Isabel , however , took a few years to come around . They have since been together for more than 30 years in a union , equal parts romance and business , that 's the marvel of the fashion world . Ruben : Isabel walked into my Spanish class , and it was love at first sight within three seconds . Four years later , Isabel finally realized how she felt about Ruben . Isabel : I missed him . I missed the energy . And I kind of pursued him . Ruben : By then I was in a band -- I was already in Manhattan , I was doing my thing . I really grew up , so I think that was attractive to Isabel . So then we started dating , and then I wanted to marry her . She said no . Isabel : I was playing hard to get . Just like after high school , Isabel decided to make the definitive move in her own time . Ruben : She said , you know , I 'm ready to get married . And then that freaked me out totally . I was like a deer in the headlights ; I was like , ` Oh my god really ! ' You know , for us men , it 's an important moment . I had to think , ` Now I 'm responsible for this woman for the rest of my life . ' Isabel : I went away . Ruben : You went away again ! Isabel had accepted an internship restoring costumes at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , where she stayed for about four years . Despite the odds , Ruben and Isabel somehow found their way to the altar -- over and over again . Isabel : We got married three times . Ruben : I called City Hall to ask ' I want to get married , ' and they said ` this is what you do , you come to Room 34 at Window B , ' so I thought I was getting married but in fact it was just to get the license . So all our parents went and threw rice at us . Isabel : So we turned around and said , ` we 're married ! '  The officials  were like , ` What ? ' Ruben : And they threw the rice , and we ran off to Canada , but we could n't tell  our parents  we were living in sin , so we had this lovely honeymoon . Then we came back and had a secret wedding at City Hall with my brother and your sister as our witnesses . And then we had the official church wedding . It was very low-key because Isabel 's dad had just passed away . It was very sad . White wedding , it was raining . Isabel : It was sealed . Art as self-discovery Isabel 's passion for "  engineering clothes " began with sewing classes as a child in Cuba . For Ruben , drawing is the way he thinks and expresses himself . Whatever the means , both consider themselves artists first and foremost . Isabel : I 've been sewing since I was 8 , and I started sewing because I did n't find anything that I loved . We had this condo in Cuba , and  my mother  wanted us to go to a baby sitter . My older sisters were like , ` No way ! ' And she said , ` No , no , no , it 's not a baby sitter , it 's sewing classes . ' So we thought we were going to school . And I 'm the only one that picked up on it . My elder sisters were not interested . So it was by accident . Ruben , on the other hand , knew exactly what he wanted to do with his life from the start . Ruben : I could draw before I could write or talk . Drawing is how I think . To understand something , I have to draw it . I 'm like the original caveman . Ruben and Isabel agree that being an artist means to have complete freedom . Ruben : I 'm lucky enough to only take on the projects that interest me , whether it 's doing somebody 's portrait or doing a mosaic or doing animation or doing ceramic or doing book covers for whatever it is . That 's a good place to be . You do n't have to lie . You really do what you believe in , you really do what you care about . It 's a wonderful gift . Success in synthesis Isabel Toledo the fashion designer became a household name in 2009 , when Michelle Obama wore a lemongrass shift and matching overcoat to her husband 's inauguration as 44th president of the United States . Ruben :  The dress  was a gift from the universe . That was like one of those marvelous things . To be woven into history , it 's beyond you ! Isabel had a creative block ; when time was running out , she noticed a small swatch of lemongrass fabric in her studio , and everything clicked . Isabel : The emotion behind the dress was that piece of fabric . And immediately , I think it was overnight , I kept saying , what is it gon na be ? What is it gon na be ? And we laugh about it because I had a tantrum : ` But it 's too late now , it 's too late ! ' And he says , ` Just send it , just send it ! ' Ruben : Isabel does n't sketch anything . My job was to sketch it with the swatch and send in an e-mail and suggest it . So I finally buckled her down and said , ` Tell me what you want to do . ' So she described what she wanted , and I sketched it down , we sent the quick sketch with the e-mail . Isabel : That same Saturday ! Ruben : And five minutes later , we got an e-mail saying , ` Make it happen , make it warm . ' Isabel : I still sweat thinking about that day . Isabel was n't always into fashion , though , and to an extent she still is n't . Isabel : I 'm not supposed to say I 'm not a fashion person , but I 'm not . I just , I love design . Design is so different than fashion . That 's why design lasts forever . It 's like an engineer . I love to engineer a garment . To make this thing work , to make it stand , to make this sculpture work . I get all enthralled if I have to come up with : How do I sew this cloth ? What am I saying with the fabric ? It 's nothing to do with , ` what does it look like ? ' The next generation When Isabel was asked to write a book of fashion tips , she refused . "  I do n't give tips , " she said . "  I make what I make , and women take to it . And they trusted me . " The couple does have a few choice words for today 's young artists : Save everything you make , because you 'll never be in the frame of mind to create the same thing twice . Ruben : Mistakes and false starts , that all leads to where you are . It 's important . And it makes you ` you . ' Isabel : That 's your identity at the end . It 's OK not to have a plan . Ruben : We did n't have a plan either , just be sincere in what you love . You do n't have to lead , or even follow . Isabel : Just do what you do . Privately , in your own world . Ruben : We do n't have a business partner . We 've never had regular backing . We 're independent . Expose yourself to art so you know how to make it -- and if you do n't know how , make things by trial and error . Ruben : You may have great ideas and great concepts , but if you ca n't make it materialize , you 're back at square one , you know ? You 're also at the mercy of people telling you it ca n't be done . Believe in your ideas . Ruben : We know that some things Isabel makes are years ahead of its time , but it 's our job to let it happen , and perfect it in fact , so that when the world catches up to that idea , we 're the best at it . That 's why I think we 're still around after 30 years . Are you in a dynamic relationship like Isabel and Ruben ? Do you know someone with a similar story ? Let us know in the comments below .	Isabel and Ruben Toledo share a 30-plus-year marriage and creative partnership Isabel designed first lady Michelle Obama 's outfit for her husband 's inauguration in 2009 The Toledos met in high school and have collaborated for years on art and design projects Their unique artistic strengths and styles complement each other
CNN  -- In anticipation of more flooding next week , residents of Fargo , North Dakota , began stacking sandbags Wednesday for the second time in just over two weeks along the banks of the Red River . A trucker relaxes April 1 on sandbag pallets in Fargo , North Dakota , which is preparing for more flooding . They hoped to fill 1 million , said Fargo spokeswoman Karena Lunday . "  If we get a million , that will be a total of 4 million we 've made since the flood started , " she said . The first sandbag effort began about March 23 . The Red River crested at nearly 41 feet at Fargo on March 28 , breaking a record that had held since 1897 , when the Red River reached 40.1 feet . The National Weather Service issued a flood warning Tuesday , predicting that melting snow -- and possibly rain -- will start to raise river levels on the Red River south of Oslo , Minnesota , this week . Lunday said forecasters expected the river to crest there between April 16-18 , possibly reaching 35 feet on April 14 . "  I do n't think people are as worried as they were the last time , but the possibility of getting up to 40 feet is a concern , " Lunday told CNN . The Red River meanders along the border between North Dakota and Minnesota , so many other cities also were bracing for flooding .	Fargo spokeswoman says city has goal of filling 1 million more sandbags "  I do n't think people are as worried " as they were in late March , she says National Weather Service issued flood warning due to precipitation forecast
CNN  -- Tiger Woods lived up to his star billing at the Turkish Airlines Open with a tournament best 63 Friday to put himself firmly in contention at the halfway stage of the $ 7 million event . The World No. 1 has been followed by sizable and sometimes over enthusiastic galleries in Antalya and was left frustrated by rain delays on the first day . Woods returned early Friday morning to play the final eight holes of this opening round , picking up three birdies before a late bogey left him on two-under 70 . But after a short break the 14-time major winner began to justify his appearance fee with stunning iron and approach play . He charged up the leader board to move to 11-under , just one adrift of Race to Dubai leader Henrik Stenson , Ian Poulter , Victor Dubuisson and Justin Walters . "  I 'm right there ; that 's the whole idea , " he told the European Tour website . "  Got two more days of hopefully making a lot of birdies . "  We know it 's going to take something really low . You 're going to have to go 20 plus probably to win this tournament , " he added . Stenson , who formed a star studded trio with Woods and U.S. Open champion Justin Rose , backed up his first round 64 with a 68 , despite playing with an injured wrist . "  It 's not in a great state . I have inflammation there , and I strained something else yesterday , as well before I teed off . "  So it 's not in great shape and I 'm just hanging in there day by day and hope it keeps together for another couple of days , " said the Swede . Poulter , who is chasing Stenson hard in the Race to Dubai , has had a pair of 66s with Frenchman Dubuisson and Walters of South Africa firmly on the hunt on 132 . Rose is also in the hunt in a big group at eight under , including fellow Englishman Lee Westwood . But most eyes will be on Woods , who is hunting his first win in a European Tour event for four years to add to his five victories on the PGA Tour this season to take him back to the top of the rankings .	Tiger Woods shoots nine-under 63 at Turkish Airlines Open Moves to within of four-way tie for the lead at 12 under in Antalya Race to Dubai leader Henrik Stenson among leading four Bad weather disrupted first round play
Austin , TEXAS  CNN  -- Pliny Fisk III has been called a "  mad scientist , " a "  dreamer " and a "  visionary . " His favorite word to describe the architectural work he does is "  crazy . " Pliny Fisk hopes his ideas like the "  megacrete " will revolutionze how office buildings are built . Spending a day with Fisk on his 18-acre work site outside of Austin , Texas is like riding a rocket blast into the future . "  To be free to do what we 're doing is absolute magic , " Fisk recently told CNN . Pliny Fisk opened the non-profit Center for Maximum Potential Building  CMPB  in 1975 and he also teaches architecture at Texas A&M University . Running around his architectural compound are some 10 interns , from around the world , always carrying out experiments . Watch Pliny Fisk at work in Austin , Texas " Fisk 's mission is to develop environmentally-sustainable building materials and to fundamentally change the way we build our communities , like homes and office buildings . Early in his career , Fisk might have appeared like a wacky wizard working in a secret laboratory in the Texas Hill country mesquite brush . But not anymore . Fisk is now considered to be on the cutting edge . On the day we visit Fisk he 's about to launch the first prototype test of his latest invention -- an environmentally friendly cement and building structure . Fisk hopes these new ideas will revolutionize how homes and office buildings are built and how communities are planned and organized . The cement will be called "  megacrete . " Fisk says it will be made of magnesium oxide and phosphate from brine , which is a by-product of petroleum and water treatment facilities . If that does n't make sense , Fisk makes it sound simple . He likes to say he 's just taking waste and making buildings out of it . "  The world has changed , " Fisk said . "  You used to think of waste stuff as a problem ... now you look at that waste stuff as a huge business opportunity . " The cement will hold together building modules that are essentially self-contained structures created from local and regional building materials . See photos of Fisk 's proposed modules " Pliny Fisk envisions a world where building materials leave a carbon-neutral footprint , a world where people tap into surrounding resources to create environmentally sustainable communities . That means we have to change where and how we get our building materials and cutting down on the distance those materials are transported . "  We 've become very hard core unadaptable and so we expect nature to follow us , " Fisk said . "  We 're always striving to get to that point where we become as adaptable as nature is . " Pliny Fisk lives what he preaches . He and his wife live where they work . Their water source is "  off the city 's grid . " They capture rain water to drink and water their landscape . And his wife , Gail Vittori , is Fisk 's philosophical soul mate . She was his student before they married . Vittori is now co-director of the CMPB and is also on the Board of Directors of the U.S. Green Business Council . Vittori might also be Pliny Fisk 's biggest fan . "  We need people who stretch what is possible , stretch a way of thinking , " Vittori told CNN . "  We 're using our resources in a way that 's completely disconnected from reality . " Pliny Fisk III is a futuristic architect leading the march .	Pliny Fisk hopes to revolutionize how homes and office buildings are built His recent project is an environmentally friendly cement called "  megacrete " It will hold together building modules created from local and regional materials Fisk : "  To be free to do what we 're doing is absolute magic "
CNN  An American missionary once held hostage by Colombian rebels has been accused by local authorities of collaborating with his former captors . Russell Martin Stendal was born in Minneapolis but has spent much of his life in Colombia . He was kidnapped in 1983 by the left-wing rebel group FARC , which has been locked in conflict with government forces for decades . Stendal was released by the rebels after five months and has continued his missionary work around the South American nation since then , including trips into rebel-controlled areas . But his activities appear to have run afoul of Colombian authorities , who announced Thursday that they had arrested Stendal , accusing him of supporting the FARC . Police alleged that he was posing as a missionary . A video posted online appeared to show Stendal speaking after his arrest . "  Somebody set a trap for me , and I walked into it . And there was a secret order out for my arrest . And here I am , " he says in the video , which was purportedly filmed by one of his daughters . "  They 're accusing me of rebellion for the missionary trips and the visits that I made into rebel-held territory , distributing Bibles and Galcom radios , " he says , referring to solar-powered portable radio sets that are fixed to receive Christian broadcasts . Colombian authorities described his actions differently , saying he installed mobile devices "  to transmit propaganda about terrorist activities . " "  He also transported those wounded in combat and gave medical help to members of the guerrilla group , " said the prosecutor 's office in the Colombian department of Cundinamarca . A judge ordered Stendal 's release late Thursday night in a court proceeding shown on CNN affiliate Cablenoticias . The judge said the prosecutor 's case against Stendal was lacking in proof and underdeveloped , ruling there was no reason to keep him in jail . But the judge cautioned that the American is n't free of all charges and that authorities will continue their investigation . Stendal 's lawyer , Eder Castro , told the Colombian newspaper El Tiempo that his client was committed to "  distributing Bibles and preaching the word to everyone . " The U.S. State Department was n't immediately available for comment on the matter Thursday . The Colombian rebels said authorities had got the wrong end of the stick . "  It leaves much to be desired of the intelligence department of the police of Cundinamarca to confuse evangelizing with rebellion , " said the statement from the FARC , which is known in English as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia . "  This citizen always preached peace between armed and unarmed contestants , including insurgents , army and paramilitaries , " the rebels said . During his time as a FARC hostage , Stendal appears to have tried to provide spiritual succor to his kidnappers . He released a book about his experience entitled , "  Rescue the Captors , " in which he talks about "  how God worked in the hearts of the rebels , " according to the Colombia Para Cristo website . After his release , he took part in evangelical campaigns across Colombia and set up radio stations to broadcast gospel preaching and music into the conflict zones . The FARC , which started as an insurgency in 1964 , has taken part in peace negotiations with the government in an effort to end more than half a century of fighting . Talks have stalled several times over the years , and the group has been accused of bombings , murder , extortion and kidnappings . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Rafael Romo , Annie Rose Ramos , Marilia Brocchetto and Carloo Perez contributed to this report .	Authorities say Russell Stendal gave rebels medical and communications aid The American missionary was once held hostage by the FARC rebels "  Somebody set a trap for me , and I walked into it , " he says in a video posted online
Rockets from Gaza hit Israel early Friday morning , breaching a cease-fire that had held for more than two days , the Israeli military said . "  Moments ago , 2 rockets fired from Gaza hit southern Israel . Terrorists have violated the cease-fire , " the Israel Defense Forces wrote on Twitter . It was n't immediately clear how Israel would respond . The IDF pulled its ground forces out of Gaza on Tuesday but said they were maintaining "  defensive positions " around the territory . "  I suspect the Israelis are going to wait to see if it was just these two rockets , " said CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  These could be isolated rockets . " But if more rockets are fired from Gaza , "  the Israelis will strike back , " Blitzer said . The two rockets landed near Eshkol in southern Israel but did n't cause any damage or casualties , the Israeli military said . It was n't immediately clear who in Gaza , where multiple militant factions are active , launched them . Hamas , which holds power in Gaza , denies firing the rockets , said Sami Abu Zuhri , a spokesman for the group . The allegations "  are based on Israeli reports aimed at confusing the situation , " the Gaza-based spokesman said . Talks in Cairo Earlier , negotiators in Cairo had been scrambling to extend the Gaza cease-fire , which was set to expire at 8 a.m. Friday  1 a.m. ET  . A Hamas official had told supporters in Gaza City that the group was ready to resume fighting if it did n't win key concessions in the talks . "  We are ready to return to the battle if the Palestinian demands are not met in Cairo , " Hamas spokesman Mosher al-Masry told a crowd of supporters waving the group 's green flags . A spokesman for Hamas ' military wing , the Al-Qassam Brigades , was even more pointed . "  We demand from the negotiating team to pull out from negotiations if the enemy continues to be stubborn ; we are ready for a long war , " Abu Obaida said on Hamas-run Al-Aqsa television . "  We demand that the negotiating team not extend negotiations without the agreement on a seaport , " he said , demanding that the blockade against Gaza be lifted , and all the crossings into Egypt and Israel be opened . "  We will not accept anything less , " the spokesman said . "  We will make the tanks of the enemy a toy in the hands of the children of Gaza . " As the spokesman suggested , Hamas wants Israel to end border restrictions that limit the flow of people and goods into and out of Gaza . Israel wants Hamas to give up its weapons . Israel is willing to extend the truce unconditionally , Dore Gold , a senior foreign policy adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , told CNN on Thursday . Earlier , in a heated interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day , " Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdan said if the cease-fire was to hold , Israel must show signs of willingness to reach a broader deal before the truce expires . "  There is no decision to undermine the talks , there is no decision to go back to fight , " he said . "  But we have to evaluate what the Israelis are doing , what the Israelis are saying . " Officials from Israel and the Palestinian side -- including Hamas , Islamic Jihad and the Palestine Liberation Organization -- are communicating through Egyptian intermediaries in an effort to reach agreement on extending the truce . Hoping for a breakthrough A Palestinian official said Thursday morning that there had been progress in the talks so far but declined to give any details . "  I am not sure how or when it will come , but we hope for a breakthrough , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the talks . The warring sides are far apart . Israel says Hamas must disarm as part of any larger deal that might lead to the end of border restrictions and greater economic freedom for Gaza residents . Hamas , meanwhile , says the blockade must end before a lasting peace deal can be reached . Israel must also stop activities in response to the kidnapping of three Israeli teens who were later found dead and facilitate reconstruction of the territory 's devastated infrastructure , Hamdan told CNN . "  We ca n't talk about future while the Israelis are putting a pistol to our heads or a knife to our necks , " he said . Gold told "  New Day " that the border restrictions and Gaza 's economic and redevelopment needs ca n't be separated because they are "  intimately linked . " "  If you want cement for building homes or schools , you 've got to make sure the cement goes there and not rebuilding attack tunnels that go into Israel , " he said . He also said Hamas ' demands for a Mediterranean Sea port raise serious security concerns for Israel . "  We 're of course concerned if something like that occurs , that the Iranians or others will bring missile boats into the Mediterranean and to that Gaza port , " Gold said . "  So it 's not so simple as to say , ` Give them a port . ' " Latest death toll On Thursday , the Palestinian Ministry of Health issued new casualty numbers for the conflict -- 1,888 deaths , including 446 children , and 9,804 injured . It 's unclear how many of the Palestinian dead were militants . The United Nations has estimated that at least 70 % of the dead were civilians . The Israel Defense Forces believes it killed about 900 militants -- roughly half of the dead . Israeli officials have said 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel died . Additionally , about 65,000 Gaza residents lost their homes to the fighting , according to U.N. estimates . Palestinian-American : ` Living in occupation felt normal ' Israeli regret over civilian deaths Israel has come under growing international criticism over the number of civilian casualties , notably from the United Nations , which accused the Israeli military of shelling its shelters . In Jerusalem on Wednesday , Netanyahu said Israel "  deeply regrets " civilian deaths , accusing Hamas of placing rockets and other military targets in crowded population centers . "  The responsibility for this tragedy belongs with Hamas , " Netanyahu said . Apparent evidence of the Israeli argument came with the release of video from France 24 and India 's NDTV that appears to show at least one rocket launcher located in a residential area . CNN reporters were blocked from reaching the area . Maen Areikat , the PLO ambassador to the United States , sought to play down the significance of the launcher . "  We do n't know the circumstances of this particular rocket launcher , " he told CNN . "  And if there has been incidents in which fighters from Palestinian factions fired at Israel from civilian populated centers , I think they were isolated centers . But to portray that this was the rule and not the exception is not a fair representation of what is happening in Gaza . " Hamdan went further , calling allegations of rocket fire from civilian areas nothing more than "  Israeli lies . " "  We challenge anyone to prove there were any rockets launched from civilian areas , " he said . In fact , he said , Israel intentionally bombed civilians to punish Palestinians after strikes on rocket sites in open areas failed to achieve results . "  Israel is murdering innocent people on purpose , " he said . CNN exclusive : Inside the mind of Hamas ' political leader Nobel laureate Wiesel : Hamas must stop using children as human shields Gaza conflict : Can economic isolation ever be reversed ? Life in Gaza : Misery heightened by war	Hamas denies responsibility for firing the rockets , a spokesman says Two rockets hit southern Israel without causing casualties , IDF says End talks if Israel "  continues to be stubborn , " Hamas military wing says Israel demands Hamas disarm before any border restrictions can be eased
Beijing , China  CNN  -- About five to six men , armed with knives and cleavers , rushed into a college dormitory in southern China on Wednesday , wounding nine students -- one of them seriously , state media said . The pre-dawn incident is the latest in a series of knife attacks in the country in recent weeks . The men burst into a dormitory at the Hainan Institute of Science and Technology in Hainan province and hacked away at anyone they came across , the China News Network said . One student had his hand cut off , while eight others suffered varying degrees of injuries , the news agency said . The attack differed slightly from other recent attacks in that the victims were college students . Last week , a man was sentenced to death for attacking 29 kindergarten students and three teachers with a knife April 29 , according to state media . Also last week , a man with a kitchen cleaver hacked seven kindergarten students and a teacher to death at a school in northwest China before returning home and committing suicide , state media reported . CNN 's Jo Kent and Helena Hong contributed to this report .	About five to six men armed with knives and cleavers wound nine students Attack in southern China is latest of several attacks by assailants with knives or cleavers One student had his hand cut off , while eight others suffered various injuries
CNN  -- The remains of an Air Force major missing since the Vietnam War have been identified after years of searches , the Department of Defense said . Air Force Maj. Curtis Daniel Miller of Palacios , Texas , was one of 14 men whose plane was shot down on March 29 , 1972 . Miller and his crew were flying over southern Laos when a missile struck their plane , the Defense Department said Tuesday . After the shoot-down , rescue teams had to call off the search after two days because of heavy fighting near the crash site in Savannakhet province . In 1986 , U.S. and Laotian search teams found the remains of nine of the men who were on the plane . In 2005 and 2006 , search teams found more remains . DNA tests have confirmed that they belong to Miller and the other missing crew members . Miller will be buried with full military honors at the Dallas-Ft . Worth National Cemetery on March 29 .	Maj. Curtis Daniel Miller of Palacios , Texas , was shot down on March 29 , 1972 Miller and his crew were flying over southern Laos when a missile struck their plane Miller will be buried with full military honors at the Dallas-Ft . Worth National Cemetery
CNN  -- A 37-year-old airline passenger was arrested Tuesday in Miami after primer caps for bullets ignited while a baggage handler was unloading a roll-on bag , the FBI said . The tarmac incident is not believed to be terrorism-related , FBI special agent Michael Leverock said . Leverock would not provide details or speculate on how the bag might have gotten on the plane . He compared the primer to a "  spark plug " for the bullet . The unidentified passenger , a naturalized U.S. citizen who was bound for Jamaica , was charged with transportation of hazardous materials . If convicted , he could face a sentence of up to five years . The flight from Boston landed at Miami International Airport around 11:30 a.m. , American Airlines said . The 737 had two pilots , four flight attendants and 148 passengers . Hundreds of the primer caps were in a bag that ignited , and all of them went off after the first one did , Leverock said . Several hit the baggage handler 's shoes , but he was not injured . The bomb squad was among those who rushed to the scene . The incident caused four other flights to be delayed , the airport said . Leverock said part of a shirt inside the bag was charred , but the movement of the bag is what set off the explosion . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Man arrested after bag ignites on Miami tarmac Hundreds of bullet primer caps were packed together No one was injured on flight from Boston
Paris  CNN  -- France and Germany have just celebrated the 50th anniversary of the Elyse Treaty in Berlin . Even British Prime Minister David Cameron had to respect this most symbolic date and wait another 24 hours before delivering his long-awaited speech on Europe . In 2003 , for the Elyse Treaty 's 40th anniversary , Jacques Chirac had lavishly received Chancellor Gerhard Schrder , and the whole of the Bundestag to Versailles . In his speech , the French president had invoked Goethe , Hugo and of course Charles de Gaulle and Adenauer , the founders of the Franco-German rapprochement in 1963 . This year , Berlin was hosting the celebrations with a Bundestag bursting at the seams , having had to add 577 extra seats to accommodate the whole of the French National Assembly . German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Franois Hollande gave a common press conference , met with students , answered their questions and went for lunch . Some in the press corps , like Ian Traynor , The Guardian 's Brussels correspondent , complained about the food and tweeted a picture of the menu : beetroot , red cabbage and red berries , prompting the all too predictable comment : "  why did n't they let the French do the cooking ? " Opinion : Why Hollande must show clearer leadership There was pomp , emotion and comedy . As Hollande made its way into a packed Reichstag for his speech , he missed a step . A broken leg would have sent the wrong message . Luckily , the president did n't fall . A few moments later , when the first notes of the Marseillaise started filling the Reichstag for the first time in the building 's dramatic history , even French MPs held their breath and eyes got misty . For the Elyse Treaty has no comparison in contemporary history : it still , to this day , offers a unique model of reconciliation between two states . France and Germany enjoy joint cabinet meetings and political partnerships at all levels . Both countries have gone from hereditary hatred , to hereditary friendship . And this is no small accomplishment in light of the three wars France and Germany waged against each other from 1870 to 1945 . As Thomas Klau from think-tank ECFR  European Council of Foreign relations  put it : "  The Elyse Treaty is to France and Germany what the Bible is to the church , even if people do n't read it every day . " With a combined total of 40 % of the eurozone GDP , 33 % of the entire EU 's population and 31 % of its budget , France and Germany are the locomotive of the European Union and remain so even when their respective heads of state are at odds . It always takes a French president and a German chancellor a couple of years to get along well . Mitterrand-Kohl , Chirac-Schrder , Sarkozy-Merkel , even when they both belonged to the same political family , took time to work together . But when there is a spark and personal chemistry between the two leaders , this means progress for the whole continent . During intermediary phases when they are getting to know each other -- like today , with a social democrat Hollande and a conservative Merkel -- progress is slow . Nowhere better than in Brussels is this more obvious . And it is especially damaging in time of a crisis such as the one we 're living . This is why France and Germany have no choice but to find a compromise or there could be consequences for the European project . France thinks financial solidarity should precede political integration , Germany suggest the opposite . No doubt the markets and their 25 European partners in the union will soon remind them to come up with a common view . At this time more than ever -- in the week that Cameron has promised Britain a referendum on its EU membership -- Europe 's future depends on Franco-German unity of purpose and action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	It is 50 years since the leaders of France and Germany signed the Elyse Treaty French and German politicians gathered in Berlin Monday to celebrate the anniversary Agnes Poirier describes France and Germany as the European Union 's locomotive Europe 's future depends on their unity of purpose and action , Poirier says
CNN  -- Blaming the moon is a popular pastime . Police say crime rates go up during a full moon , nurses claim birth rates go up , authors set werewolves and vampires loose upon the land , and people think craziness abounds -- witness the word "  lunatic , " which derives from "  luna , " the Latin word for moon . None of this moon-linked strangeness has ever stood up to serious scrutiny . But now a team of astronomers at Texas State University-San Marcos has suggested that the moon can be blamed for the sinking of the Titanic on its maiden voyage 100 years ago . How the moon caused icebergs to litter the Titanic 's path , on April 14 , 1912 , is really a story about the Earth 's tides . What we now know about where icebergs originate and how they travel could have informed the Titanic 's crew and perhaps avoided tragedy . But at the time , this science was in its infancy . The Titanic 's captain did not expect icebergs to be a problem -- rarely did ice travel so far south into the Atlantic . Yet contemporaneous warnings from other ships suggested there were an unusual number of icebergs . Passengers reported seeing ice floes , lookouts spotted ice and sounded warnings , and other ships in the area reported fields of ice near the disaster site . Here 's where astronomy comes in : Three months earlier , on January 4 , 1912 , the closest approach of the moon to the Earth in 1,400 years occurred within one day of the Earth 's closest approach to the sun  which occurs once per year  , all within minutes of a full moon , meaning the sun was perfectly aligned on the other side of the Earth  this happens every couple of weeks  . The odds of all three events occurring at once are , well , astronomical . This lineup had to have caused unusually high tides in the North Atlantic . Tides are caused mostly by the differential pull of the moon 's gravity on the Earth . The pull is strongest on the near side and weakest on the far side , since the strength of gravity , as Isaac Newton told us four centuries ago , falls as the square of the distance between the two massive objects -- in this case , the Earth and the moon . That is , the moon pulls hardest on the Earth 's oceans on the side facing the moon , making a bulge of water  high tide  . It pulls less hard on the Earth , but even less hard on the water on the far side , so a watery bulge forms on the far side as well -- a high tide roughly 12 hours out of synch . The overall strength of the moon 's gravity , as well as its differential  tidal  effect , is greatest when the moon is closest to the Earth , as on January 4 , 1912 . Now consider the sun . It is much more massive than the moon or Earth but also much farther away . The absolute pull of the sun 's gravity is far greater than the pull of the moon -- that 's why we 're orbiting the sun , after all , rather than the moon -- but the sun does not exert much of a tidal force on the Earth  that is , a stronger force on the Earth 's near side than its far side  because , compared to the distance between the sun and Earth , the Earth 's size is miniscule . Try this analogy  thanks to Veritasium.com  : if the Earth were the size of a basketball , the moon would be a tennis ball about 24 feet away , and the Sun would be like a house nearly two miles away . To the sun , the Earth is a tiny speck : its diameter is less than 0.01 % of the Earth-sun distance . But the size of the Earth is a few percent of the distance to the moon , which translates to about a 7 % stronger gravitational pull on the near side of the Earth than the far side . That 's why the moon dominates the Earth 's tides . Still , when the sun lines up perfectly on the opposite side of the Earth from the moon , as it did on January 4 , 1912 , it increases the tidal effect slightly . And the fact that the sun and moon were particularly close to the Earth at precisely the same time -- well , that made the tidal bulges even bigger . What does this have to do with icebergs ? The University of Texas scientists pointed out that normally , icebergs move south from Greenland in fits and starts , frequently grounding in the shallow waters off Labrador and Newfoundland . But unusually high tides in January 1912 meant the icebergs did n't get stuck . Instead , they kept moving south , arriving in much greater numbers than usual in the path of the Titanic . Maybe the Titanic 's captain had reason to believe reports of excessive ice were wrong -- such conditions were , after all , not the norm . But he did n't reckon on the inexorable pull of gravity from Earth 's nearest celestial neighbor . This is the real lunar influence on our lives : gravity and tides , not werewolves and pregnant women . One thing this new theory predicts : There should be records of exceptionally high tides near Newfoundland and Labrador in January 1912 . This is the hallmark of a proper theory : it makes predictions that can then be tested . So , history buffs , marine historians , tell us : Does this theory hold water ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	A study by astronomers says the moon 's position may have had a role in Titanic sinking Meg Urry : An unusual lineup of the Earth , sun , moon in January 1912 would have boosted tide She says higher tides could have floated icebergs into the route of the oceanliner Urry : If theory is true , there should be evidence of extreme high tide
CNN  -- The Ashes is not a sporting event -- it is an obsession . Since 1882 , England and Australia 's cricketers have fought , wrestled and spilled blood in one of the world 's fiercest rivalries . Whether it be on the rugby field or on the cricket pitch , these two countries only care about one thing -- winning . On Wednesday , when England and Australia go head to head in cricket 's biggest contest , the Ashes , two countries will hold their collective breath and prepare for a brutal battle . It seems perverse that a game , which pauses for tea , and has the possibility of not having a winner after a five day contest , can stir such fierce emotion . But for these two countries , thousands of miles apart , the yearning for victory could not be greater . Rivalry It 's a rivalry which encompasses everything good , and sometimes bad , about sport . It 's about pride . It 's about passion . It 's about blood , guts , victory at all costs . But it 's also about respect , a love of the game and the realization that these two nations are forever intertwined through one of sports greatest and most dynamic rivalries . Then there 's the history . There 's Captain James Cook discovering Australia in 1770 and the settling of British prisoners in Australia 18 years later . Add to that the brotherhood and bond between the two countries in time of war and the union of the Commonwealth . And why not throw a shared monarch into the mix too ? United by history , divided by sport . It 's one rivalry which threatens to remain eternal . So when when the players of England and Australia walk out at Trent Bridge , with the words of William Blake 's Jerusalem ringing in their ears , they will know that the battle has begun . The CNN Ashes guide To understand the birth of this great rivalry requires a glance at the past . After enduring a dismal defeat by Australia on home soil at The Oval in August 1882 , English cricket was left in a state of shock and embarrassment . A newspaper , the Sporting Times , carried a satirical obituary of English cricket , which stated that : "  The body will be cremated and the ashes taken back to Australia . " When England traveled to Australia for the return series , it gained revenge with captain Ivo Bligh awarded a small terracotta urn to symbolize the winning of the Ashes . That small urn is arguably the most precious prize in world cricket with Australia holding it on 31 occasions to England 's 30 . Controversy There has been no shortage of drama during Ashes encounters -- but some are better remembered than others , although not always for the right reasons . The most controversial Ashes series remains that of 1932-33 , which was known as "  Bodyline " after England captain Douglas Jardine ordered his bowlers to bowl straight at the bodies of their opponents . It was a tactic which caused huge uproar , with Australian batsman Bert Oldfield suffering a fractured skull as England 's bowlers showed no mercy . A 4-1 defeat was difficult to take for Australia and enshrined an extra edge to an already intense rivalry . Stars Some of the most famous names in cricket have played in Ashes Test matches -- but there are some which are synonymous with this particular battle . One of those is Ian Botham , widely regarded as England 's biggest Ashes hero having had a Test series named after him . "  Botham 's Ashes " which took place in 1981 , produced one of the most spectacular moments ever witnessed in an Ashes series . After resigning as captain just days earlier following an opening Test defeat , England were on the cusp of going 2-0 down in the series . A dismal start to the second Test at Headingley left Australia tantalizingly close to victory -- but Botham 's heroics defied all the odds . An unbeaten 149 from 148 deliveries gave England hope , forcing Australia to score 130 to win the match . But the tourists only managed 111 -- handing the victory to England , which eventually went on to win the series . Australia dominated between 1989 and 2003 -- winning eight consecutive series . The undisputed team of the decade in the 1990s and early 2000s , Australia boasted several world class players such as Shane Warne , Glenn McGrath , Ricky Ponting and brothers Steve and Mark Waugh . Then there was wicketkeeper Adam Gilchrist , who scored the second fastest century in Test match cricket during Australia 's 5-0 whitewash of England in 2006-7 . But Australia 's and indeed the world 's greatest ever batsman , is widely acknowledged to have been Donald Bradman . ` The Don ' scored 5,028 runs in Ashes contests during his career from 1928-1948 and finished with an average of 99.94 . Australia have also dominated with the ball with Warne the leading wicket taker in Ashes cricket with 195 , while McGrath claimed an impressive 157 . Recent history While , England might be favorites to win this series , it 's important to realize it was n't always this way . When the 2005 series came to England , Australia was hoping to win its ninth consecutive Ashes series . A routine victory in the opening Test appeared to confirm its status as favorite before a narrow two-run defeat at Edgbaston drew England level . A crucial England victory at Trent Bridge in the fourth Test , coming in between two drawn games , gave the host nation its first series win since 1989 . It was the series which introduced Kevin Pietersen to the world stage and led to Andrew Flintoff establishing himself as favorite with cricket fans across the world . Flintoff 's 24 wickets and 402 runs were integral to England 's success But his next venture did not go so smoothly as he captained England during its tortuous 5-0 whitewash defeat in Australia in 2006/7 . That result left a huge scar on English cricket as Australia humiliated its rival in ruthless fashion . But England bounced back in 2009 , winning the home series , before achieving its first victory on Australian soil in 24 years following a 3-1 win in 2010-11 . The players For the players of both teams , playing in the Ashes is the pinnacle . It means everything . There is no greater honor for an English or Australian cricketer -- the stakes are at their highest and victory ensures sporting immortality . But where there are great gains to be made , there are also great losses which can be suffered . And while Australia may not be at its strongest , England is not taking anything for granted . "  It 's a bit of a dream come true starting an Ashes series at home in front of all your family and friends at Trent Bridge , " said England bowler Stuart Broad , who plays for Nottinghamshire . "  But it 's all about winning , because if you lose , you look back at that match with horrible memories . But if you win , you have very fond memories , so it 's an advantage for us as a team . "  You know what Australians are like . They are tough characters who love to win and you would be disappointed if they did n't come out with a lot of fight . "  You 'd be disappointed if there was n't fire in their bellies in an Ashes series anyway . " Australia might start the series as underdogs but its captain , Michael Clarke , is confident his players can provide a shock result . "  I know especially back in Australia , this is the pinnacle of an Australian cricketer , to play Test cricket in England , be part of an Ashes series and I 'm sure there will be judgments made on our performances , and as captain of the team you should be accountable , " said Clarke . "  I 've said for a while now that we come here as underdogs but that has n't affected our preparation and it wo n't affect our performance either . "  We know it 's going to be tough but I know our boys are up to the challenge . The fans England 's cricket team enjoys unparallelled support in international cricket with is fans universally known as "  The Barmy Army " . Created in 1994 by three friends , the "  Army " now boasts over 5,000 members and arranges tours across the world to watch England compete . Singing , often accompanied by Billy Cooper , a classically trained trumpet player , adds some color , while the chanting can often provide some light entertainment -- unless you 're an Australian . The Barmy Army has a reputation for going after Australia 's players with bowler Mitchell Johnson the unfortunate victim during the 2010-11 series . Australia 's fans , known as ` The Fanatics ' will be hoping to have something to shout about following two consecutive defeats . The two sets of supporters groups play a cricket match against each other during every series with England coming up on top this time around . Where to watch The five Test matches are taking place throughout England with the opening contest at Trent Bridge , Nottingham . Following that , the series will move to the Home of Cricket , Lord 's , in London , before moving up to Manchester , Durham and back to London . The English Cricket Board  ECB  has agreed a deal for cricket fans living in mainland Europe and Latin America to watch the series on YouTube . Star Men While one captain Cook changed the tide of history in 1770 , another is hoping he can make his own mark by putting Australia to the sword . England captain Alastair Cook enjoyed an outstanding 2010-11 series in Australia , scoring 766 runs . He has more than 7,500 runs to his name and is hoping to win the Ashes for the first time since replacing Andrew Strauss as captain . The host nation will also be relying on fast bowler James Anderson , who has emerged as one of the most talented players in world cricket . Anderson , who is particularly adept at swinging the ball in either direction , has taken 307 Test wickets in his career -- a number which ranks him joint-third in the all-time list of England bowlers . For Australia , much depends on the experience of captain Michael Clarke , who has only recently recovered from injury . In his 24 Test matches as captain , he has excelled with the bat at an average of 66 . End game ? England is the favorite to win its third consecutive Ashes series -- a feat which not long ago would have sounded almost impossible given Australia 's dominance in the 1990s . Now , with Australia no longer the force it used to be , England expects . The pressure to deliver is on , the nation awaits the opportunity to taunt the old enemy once more . But whichever team comes out on top , the world will surely be treated to another epic encounter -- just weeks before both teams do it all over again , this time in Australia . This is one obsession which wo n't be ending anytime soon . Australian cricket coach axed ahead of Ashes	England and Australia will compete for The Ashes in a five-match series England is favorite to triumph after winning the past two editions Australia dominated during the 1990s and early 2000s Contest and rivalry has been running since 1882
CNN  -- Three prisoners -- including one considered to be among Belgium 's most dangerous criminals -- have broken out of a prison near Bruges in a daring helicopter escape . Mohammed Johry , Abdel Had Kahjary Mulloul and Ashraf Sekkaki escaped a Belgium prison . Thursday 's jailbreak prompted Interpol to issue an international alert to police around the world to be on the lookout for the men . Accomplices of the three inmates hijacked a helicopter and forced the pilot to land in the prison courtyard , Interpol said . The fugitives are Mohammed Johry , Abdel Had Kahjary Mulloul and Ashraf Sekkaki . Sekkaki is considered one of Belgium 's most dangerous criminals , Interpol said , with more than 16 convictions for violence , including bank robbery and kidnapping . A 22-year-old man of Moroccan origin was an accomplice to the group but had to stay behind because the helicopter could n't carry everyone , the Belga news agency reported . Jailbreaks by helicopter are becoming "  far too common " worldwide , Interpol Secretary-General Ronald Noble said . That highlights the need for countries to report the identity of escapees as quickly as possible , he said . "  It is vital that police have the information they need to locate , identify and arrest these fugitives , " he said . Belga identified the helicopter pilot as Ludwig Louwagie and said he was unhurt . "  It was just like in a film , " Louwagie told the news agency . He said a couple had booked a sightseeing tour of the Bruges region Thursday afternoon . While in flight , the man suddenly pressed a weapon against his temple , Louwagie told Belga . The man took away his headset so the pilot could n't talk to ground control and forced Louwagie to land in the prison courtyard , he said . "  I tried to land next to the prison , but the weapon was still pressed hard against my temple , " he said . "  I had no choice . "	Three inmates escape from Belgium prison in helicopter Accomplices hijacked helicopter and forced pilot to land in prison courtyard One of inmates considered to be one of Belgium 's most dangerous criminals
CNN  -- Soon you wo n't have to worry about your phone falling in the toilet , tumbling into a puddle or someone inadvertently dribbling coffee into the headphone socket  we 've all done it  . British-based firm P2i has developed a "  liquid repellent nano-coating " technology -- branded Aridion  -- that can be sprayed onto a solid surface and , they claim , repel nearly all forms of liquid . The polymer coating in question is a patented chemical that lowers an object 's surface energy , causing liquid to form beads upon contact and roll off without being absorbed . The chemical itself is a little less than 50 nanometers wide -- that 's 1,000 times thinner than a human hair and , suffice to say , completely invisible to the naked eye . That means once a mobile phone -- or any electronic device -- has been coated , it 's still physically indistinguishable from the original . "  You look at it and you ca n't see any change , " explains Stephen Coulson , the chemical engineer who developed the technology . "  But when you drop water on it , it will just bead up and drop off . More importantly , the internals will also be protected to prevent corrosion damage . " Like the Internet , GPS and digital photography before it , Aridion  began life as a military-sponsored innovation -- with a military purpose in mind . In this case , the British Ministry of Defense were seeking to provide maximum protection to its soldiers ' uniforms so they could resist all types of liquid assailants , "  not just rainwater , but also chemical nasties like nerve agent , " says Coulson . "  We did about a year 's research and then found the technology -- which was the eureka moment where we put certain drops of liquid onto fabrics and , rather than being absorbed into it , they rolled off , " he added . Indeed , the research was so successful that the scale by which liquid repulsion is measured immediately required updating , claims Coulson . "  Before we started this research the top end was what was called ` Oil 8 ' ... We 've now had to push that up to ` Oil 10 ' in order to fully measure all of the treatments we 've made ... we 're seeing resistance that people have never seen before " It 's a gratifying result for a man who has invested every minute of his professional life perfecting the technology . The first shoots of what would later become known as Aridion  sprouted in Coulson 's research as a PhD student in the 1990s . The patents were established at the turn of the millennium , but it was n't until the beginning of 2011 that the technology finally made its way into the kit of Britain 's Special Forces . Now having demonstrated that Aridion can repel almost any type of liquid from almost any type of solid surface and also act , incidentally , as an anti-microbial and flame retardant , you 'd assume a host of industry reps would be knocking down the door 's to P2i head office in Oxfordshire . But Coulson says it 's not been quite so straightforward . "  I think any new technology is a hard sell to start with . You can show the benefits and it 's very visual , so that gets you a seat at the table to discuss it , but when you 're talking about implementing new manufacturing solutions and technology into mass-manufacturing then you have to convince a lot of people , " says Coulson . "  You 've got to not only engage with the technical people , the marketing but also the operational and implementation people , " he adds . Having said that , the numbers are starting to tell a different story . P2i has worked closely with Motorola , who have now implemented the technology in 10 million of their latest phones and the polymer is also coating about 60 % of the world 's hearing aids . Meanwhile , the company has installed over 100 nano-coating machines within major manufacturing centers around the world and turnover has been doubling every year -- last year hitting $ 20 million . "  We 're also working with all of the top ten mobile phone manufacturers . We 've just recently signed TCL Alcatel and we have a number of announcements moving forward , " says Coulson . But mobiles and other electronic goods most obviously vulnerable to liquid corrosion are just the tip of the iceberg as far as Coulson is concerned . Following the success of its clothes range with the British Army , civilian varieties from your favorite brands will soon be in store . P2i already has deals with shoe-makers K-Swiss , Nike and Adidas . Coulson argues that there 's a fundamental difference between existing waterproof clothes and garments coated with ion-mask   effectively the same as Aridion  but specially tailored for the fabrics market  . "  A waterproof jacket in the rain without our technology will provide protection against water coming through it directly -- however the outside material will get wet and start to increase in weight , he explains . "  It may also get dirty ; you may get staining on there . With the ion-mask  technology on the outside of that jacket ... it remains the same weight . " Indeed , anything that suffers reduced performance from the effects of liquid intrusion seems to be in Coulson 's sights : P2i have even experimented with things like tennis balls , surfboards and the nose cones of Formula One racing cars . "  We see the future as everything being treated with P2i 's technology , " he says . Only time will tell if it 's as watertight a proposition as it sounds .	Liquid repellent nano-coating technology prevents water from being absorbed onto surfaces Most popular application so far is within mobile phones and hearing aids The chemical 's British-based inventor Stephen Coulson says it could be applied to almost everything
CNN  -- Google rolled out a new Nexus 7 tablet on Wednesday . But a much smaller , much cheaper new gadget may be the one that makes a seismic impact in the consumer technology world . Chromecast is a glorified thumb drive that enables Web streaming to television . At $ 35 , it 's also practically free , considering that it comes packed with three free months of Netflix . Streaming media onto the  relatively  big screen is nothing new . Set-top boxes like Roku and Boxee have provided the service , at least in part , for years . More recently , Google 's now-defunct Nexus Q has battled Apple TV for the hearts and minds of consumers who have grown used to on-demand video on their laptops , tablets and even phones . With Chromecast , though , Google appears to have stripped down Web streaming to its purest elements . "  It looks like they have learned from their mistakes , and radically simplified the experience , " Janko Roettgers wrote for tech blog GigaOM . "  Gone are the attempts to integrate existing pay-TV offerings , recruit app developers for yet another medium and ship devices with hideous , complicated remote controls . "  Instead , Chromecast is pure simplicity : Search and discovery of video content is happening on the mobile device or laptop , and all Chromecast does is stream media from the cloud . " Google and Apple have both tried and , at least so far , largely failed to make inroads into the living room with streaming TV products . Google TV struggled to get some major content providers to play ball . And Apple CEO Tim Cook has acknowledged that Apple TV has languished as more of a novelty for diehard fans than a mass-market success . A full-on Apple TV set , which has been the tech world 's most-anticipated piece of rumored vaporware for the past couple of years , could of course change that  . Those products , along with Roku , Boxee and the like , have been , in a way , similar to traditional TV . Approved "  channels , " chiefly Netflix , Amazon and other Web video services , are available . But Chromecast takes streaming to a whole new level -- offering a quick , simple version of what tech-inclined folks have been able to accomplish by rigging up their laptops or desktops with their TVs . Essentially , if you can watch it on a computer , tablet or phone screen , you 'll be able to watch it on your TV . That 's the logical end goal of Web streaming , and many analysts are saying Google struck a huge blow by being the first to offer it up in a way that the typical consumer can understand and use . "  By coming out early at an extremely affordable price , Google may wind up dominating the TV delivery industry , " consumer tech analyst Larry Magid wrote for Forbes . "  It 's hard to imagine that Hulu , Major League Baseball , HBO Go and every other content provider is n't beating a path to their door . I imagine that the TV networks , too , are anxious to get their content on the device . " Early interest in the 2-inch gadget appears to be high . Thursday afternoon , Chromecast was listed as out of stock on Amazon and Best Buy 's website . The Google Play store was accepting orders , saying the device would be shipped in 3-4 weeks . While deals with the TV networks seem inevitable , Chromecast also could allow Google to make deals directly with content providers , in much the way Netflix has with original programs like Emmy-nominated "  House of Cards " and a revived "  Arrested Development . " Web TV services like Hulu have thus far tried to limit their basic service to computer screens , offering the ability to stream to television for extra money . Now , Hulu says it 's working with Google to offer an "  optimized " version on Chromecast . How Chromecast will impact Google 's battle with Apple remains to be seen . The existing Apple TV product , with its Airplay feature that streams from the Web , has its devotees . But it only works with Apple products , naturally . Chromecast is designed to work on any platform that can run its Chrome browser . So a user could , for example , stream a YouTube video from an iPad , then watch a Netflix movie from a PC -- all streamed on a TV set through a Google device . "  On paper at least , it 's the best device Google has ever announced ... , " Mat Honan wrote for WIRED , a CNN.com content partner . "  Did Google just win the living room ? No . But it definitely just cozied up on a lot of couches and got comfortable . "	Google 's Chromecast could be a TV game changer , analysts say The Web streaming device costs $ 35 and plugs into TVs Its simplicity is the key , some say How Chromecast will affect the TV battle with Apple remains to be seen
CNN  -- Just when we were getting used to the idea of restaurants as travel destinations , the restaurants themselves go traveling . First it was Fat Duck , the Michelin star-studded rural English venue created by scientific chef Heston Blumenthal , that announced it was upping sticks and heading to Melbourne for six months . Now , fresh from scooping top honors at this year 's San Pellegrino World 's 50 Best Restaurant Awards , Denmark 's Noma is preparing to tantalize the unsuspecting diners of Tokyo with its visceral version of fine dining . Both restaurants are planning to hit the road in 2015 -- taking their chefs , kitchen staff and cookery concepts with them . "  I have planned  the move  for two years , " Noma 's head chef and co-owner Rene Redzepi said after his Copenhagen venue was named top of the 2014 World 's 50 Best Restaurants this week in London . So , come the beginning of 2015 , diners already desperate to grab one of Noma 's tables could face further frustration as the whole venue appears set to pack its famous foraging bags and head east . ` Awestruck ' by Japanese food culture Despite the prospect of using ingredients they 've never cooked with before , such as tofu and sudachi , Redzepi says there are other worries on the horizon -- such as Japanese work permits . "  At the moment the most difficult thing is to make sure that my three people from Guatemala , two people from Mexico City and two people from Gambia , who are dishwashers , will get work visas for three months , " said Redzepi . Announcing the move on his website a couple of months ago , the 36-year-old chef said his palate rather than his profit motive were to blame . "  We really want to go , " he said , adding that he was "  awestruck by the richness of Japanese food culture " during a trip to Japan five years ago hosted by Murata , a chef from Kyoto 's Kikunoi restaurant . Do n't expect a sudden switch to sushi in the Noma kitchen that gave us sea urchin toast , beef tartar with ants and other modern Nordic specialties . "  I have a plan with Noma Tokyo , " said Redzepi . "  I 'm not going to turn it into a Japanese restaurant , but I have a plan . In the next five years , Japan is very important in my big plan of restaurant Noma . " That said , the chef has in the past revealed to CNN that , despite his strict insistence on locally sourced produce , in his home larder lurks miso paste , sesame seeds and aged seaweed from Japan 's Hokkaido island . It 's not clear where in Tokyo Noma 's pop-up restaurant will appear , nor is it clear what will become of the original venue when the current team are gone . Redzepi is keeping everyone waiting another few weeks before dishing up the full details . In the meantime , perhaps he should consider changing the name to Nomad .	Noma , winner of the 2014 "  world 's best restaurant " title , has announced a pop-up venture in Tokyo Head chef and co-owner Rene Redzepi says the reason is simple : "  We really want to go to Japan . " It 's not clear what will become of the original venue when the current team are gone
RealSimple.com  -- A novel should be as rich and satisfying as , say , Christmas dinner . White Truffles in Winter , by N. M. Kelby  W. W. Norton & Company , $ 25  . You 'll eat up every word of this spicy historical novel . Kelby conjures 1930s Monte Carlo as the poet Delphine Daffis and the French chef Auguste Escoffier cook up the last year of their marriage -- and of their lives . RealSimple.com : Best books to give as gifts Tell me more about one of my favorite authors . And So It Goes , Kurt Vonnegut : A Life , by Charles J. Shields  Henry Holt , $ 30  . Based on hundreds of interviews with Vonnegut , his friends , and his family members , this sweeping biography tracks the author from his birth in Indiana in 1922 to his final years in Manhattan , revealing the events -- including , notably , a stint as a prisoner of war in Germany -- that shaped his writing . RealSimple.com : 8 soon-to-be-classic children 's books Inspiring tearjerkers are my weakness . An Invisible Thread , by Laura Schroff and Alex Tresniowski  Howard Books , $ 25  . A type-A sales executive strikes up a lasting friendship with a poverty-stricken 11-year-old panhandler in this absorbing memoir .  You might want to keep a box of tissues handy . RealSimple.com : 22 creative gifts for women A good laugh will help me beat the cold-weather blahs . Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me ?  And Other Concerns  , by Mindy Kaling  Crown Archetype , $ 25  . Reading this collection of essays feels a bit like gabbing with your best girlfriend . Here , The Office writer and cast member riffs on romantic comedies , karaoke , party etiquette , and more . RealSimple.com : 11 unique gifts for techies Sophisticated literature for a short attention span ? Yes ! RealSimple.com : Inexpensive ideas for holiday party food The Angel Esmeralda : Nine Stories , by Don DeLillo  Scribner , $ 24  . In his first collection of short stories  written between 1979 and 2011  , the National Book Award winner takes the reader from a tiny airport in the Caribbean to the South Bronx to outer space . DeLillo 's inimitable and always riveting voice makes characters -- and their inscrutable situations -- feel palpable . RealSimple.com : Easy ways to reduce holiday stress I want a book that really makes me think . Blue Nights , by Joan Didion  Alfred A. Knopf , $ 25  . In this moving follow-up to her acclaimed memoir , The Year of Magical Thinking , Didion meditates on aging and the loss of her daughter , achingly recalling moments throughout their life together in vivid detail . RealSimple.com : 9 healthy holiday-eating strategies Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Read "  White Truffles in Winter " for a rich tale about 1930s Monte Carlo If you 're looking for a good laugh try "  Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me ?  And Other Concerns ?  " In her book "  Blue Nights " Joan Didion reflects on aging and the loss of her daughter
CNN  -- Chelsea have completed the English Premier League and FA Cup double for the first time in their history after a hard-fought 1-0 cup final win over Portsmouth at Wembley Stadium on Saturday . In a topsy-turvy match , which saw two penalties missed in a frantic second-half , Didier Drogba 's superb long-range free-kick eventually proved the difference , as both sides wasted a host of chances to find the net . In a strange twist of fate , the final was played between the last two winners of the competition -- Portsmouth  2008  and Chelsea  2009  -- but the similarity between the two sides ended there . Chelsea had sealed the Premier League title with an 8-0 thrashing of Wigan last weekend , while Portsmouth had suffered a dreadful season in which they became the first Premier League club to enter administration after accumulating huge debts -- subsequently finishing bottom of the table and suffering relegation to the second tier Championship . And that gulf in class between the sides showed in the opening 45 minutes , with Chelsea remarkably hitting the woodwork five times as they peppered the Portsmouth goal . The most glaring miss came from Ivory Coast striker Salomon Kalou , who somehow contrived to hit the crossbar with an open goal gaping , after being superbly set-up by left-back Ashley Cole . Frank Lampard 's dipping long-range strike and John Terry 's looping header also struck the woodwork , while Drogba gave notice of what was to come in the second half with a stunning free-kick , which England goalkeeper David James somehow managed to get a fingertip to , with the ball bouncing onto the goalline and away . Portsmouth themselves had a great opportunity in the first half , when Frederic Piquionne diverted a cross goalbound , only for goalkeeper Petr Cech to instinctively scramble the ball clear . Underdogs Portsmouth began the second half with more purpose and should have taken a surprise lead . Aruna Dindane out-paced substitute Julian Belletti , who had come on for the injured Michael Ballack , and was fouled by the Brazilian in the penalty area . However , Kevin-Prince Boateng 's weak spot-kick was hit straight down the middle , allowing Cech to save with his legs . And Portsmouth were made to play for that miss just two minutes later when Drogba found a gap in the Portsmouth wall to fire his free-kick into the far corner of James ' net . Chelsea squandered further chances to double their lead , most notably when Frank Lampard missed the game 's second penalty four minutes from the end after Lampard himself had been fouled by Michael Brown . However , Portsmouth failed to trouble Cech 's goal after that , although substitute Nadir Belhadj produced a couple of dangerous crosses from the left that caused panic in the Chelsea defence . After the game , Chelsea captain John Terry paid tribute to his side , who join Tottenham  1961  , Liverpool  1986  , Arsenal  1971 , 1998 , 2002  and Manchester United  1994 , 1996 and 1999  as modern-day "  Double " winners . "  This is an unbelievable feeling and to win the Double with this group of players is just fantastic , " Terry told ITV Sport . "  I thought our luck was running out with all those misses but it was a great strike from Didier and I thought we were worthy winners . "  The pitch was awful , the worse pitch we have played on this season , but we played our football and managed to get the victory . " The result was also a personal triumph for manager Carlo Ancelotti , who managed to achieve what no other Chelsea manager -- including Jose Mourinho -- had achieved by winning the "  Double " in his first season in charge at Stamford Bridge .	Chelsea complete a league and FA Cup double after beating Portsmouth 1-0 at Wembley Didier Drogba 's long-range free-kick proves the difference between the two sides The match sees both sides miss penalties and Chelsea hit the woodwork five times
CNN  -- The guitarist stands in front of a mirror messing with his mohawk . The drummer strikes a wild tempo . The singer rips off his T-shirt and begins to scream the lyrics . Basim Usmani is bassist for The Kominas , a group that blends traditional sounds with punk rock beats . They 're young . They 're punk . And they 're rocking both their Muslim and American worlds with their music , lyrics and style . "  A lot of times people say , ` Oh wow , look , brown people playing music ' -LSB- but -RSB- it 's more than that , " said 25-year-old Pakistani-American Shahjehan Khan , the lead singer for a Muslim punk band , The Kominas . The Boston-based band is one of a handful of Muslim punk bands that emerged in the United States in the past few years . The members of this four-person rock group with South Asian roots hold varying views on religion . One says he 's an atheist ; three others identify as Muslims -- both practicing and non-practicing . For them , punk music is a way to rebel against their conservative cultural upbringing and the frustrations of growing up a young Muslim in America . "  We are n't -LSB- just -RSB- some alternative to a stereotypical Muslim . We actually might be offering some sort of insights for people at large about religion , about the world , " said 26-year-old bassist Basim Usmani . Blending traditional South Asian rhythms with punk rock beats , they sing in both English and Punjabi .  Kominas means "  scum-bag " in Punjabi , according to the band .  Their songs can be at once political , serious , satirical and insinuating . Audio slide show : On tour with Muslim punk rockers " Their risqu lyrics and provocative song titles such as "  Sharia Law in the USA , " "  Suicide Bomb the GAP " and "  Rumi was a Homo " -- a protest song against homophobia in the American Muslim community -- have drawn the attention of Muslims , non-Muslims , fans and critics alike . "  You sort of have to throw it in peoples ' faces and be shocking in order to give people a different way to think about stuff , " said Usmani . "  These punk , metal and rap scenes - so-called extreme music scenes -- are addressing issues that mainstream music does n't , " said Mark LeVine , a professor of Middle Eastern history at University of California , Irvine , who is also a musician and author of "  Heavy Metal Islam . " " -LSB- Punk -RSB- allows them to rebel against society and their own culture at the same time , " he said . iReport : Is Islam at odds with American values ? Before the Islamic punk movement in North America had a voice , it had a story . The Muslim punk scene began to gel in 2003 when novelist and convert to Islam , Michael Muhammad Knight self-published his book , "  The Taqwacores " about a fictional Muslim punk scene in Buffalo , New York . The book opens with a poem called "  Muhammed was a Punk Rocker " and describes both conventional and unconventional characters including a Shi'ite skinhead , a conservative Sunni Muslim , a burka-wearing feminist punk and a Sufi who sports a Mohawk and drinks alcohol . "  The punk rock kids I would hang out with were n't even Muslim , " 31-year old Knight recalls . "  They were so fiercely individualistic -- I wish that I could be a Muslim in that way : not be ashamed of my confusion , not be ashamed of my doubts . Just be myself and be proud of who I am . " The novel 's title , "  Taqwacore , " is a hybrid word stemming from the Arabic "  taqwa , " meaning "  god consciousness , " and "  core " referring to "  hardcore " -- a genre of punk music . It 's now a general term for Muslim punk rock . The popularity of the book , which Knight said was born out of a search to find his identity as a Muslim-American , grew in underground youth circles and online . It did n't take long before real-life "  taqwacore " bands like The Kominas began blooming across the country . "  It makes sense why punk has been the music of choice for young , politically active Muslims who are musical , " said LeVine . "  The straight edge movement in punk which was about no drugs , no alcohol , was clean yet very intense and political . It 's a way for them to rebel against their families in some extreme ways yet still be ritualistically , ` good Muslims . ' " "  Taqwacore " gave voice to many young Muslim-Americans who felt muted by circumstances and created an opening for bands like Al-Thawra , Vote Hezbollah , and Secret Trial Five -- an all-girl punk band out of Vancouver , Canada . In the summer of 2007 , five of the taqwacore bands organized a "  taqwa-tour " of the northeastern United States . They played in city after city , traveling in a green school bus with TAQWA painted on the front bought by Knight for $ 2,000 on eBay . This summer , The Kominas continue to strike a chord with audiences around the country , hitting cities from San Francisco to New York on a multi-city tour . The taqwacore movement has also inspired two upcoming films - a dramatic feature film based on the book and a documentary . Many conservative Muslims may peg young taqwacores as heretic for their suggestive and irreverent lyrics . But the musicians say they are just trying to show both cultures how broad the spectrum of belief can be . Like many young adults balancing their religious beliefs with American culture , some young Muslims in the United States say it 's a constant struggle to be accepted in both worlds . "  I had a lot of conflicted feelings growing up a Muslim in America , " said 25-year-old Kominas drummer Imran Malik . "  It was hard not being able to do the same things that everyone else around you is doing without feeling guilty about them . " Knight , who grew up with a Catholic mother and white supremacist father , converted to Islam when he was 16 . He said his message is not one of blasphemy but rather an extension of his discontent with the rigid etiquette that dictates certain practices within Islam and the stereotypes of Muslims in American . "  Muslims have n't been fully accepted as Americans but the American experience has n't been accepted as something that can contribute to the Muslim world , " said Knight . Knight said writing the book helped him and others connect through shared experiences . "  When I first wrote it , I felt like there would never be a place for me in the Muslim community and that has really turned around a lot , " he said . "  The book gave me the community I needed , it connected me to all these kids that were also confused and who also went through the things that I went through . " That connection is vital to taqwacore music , bassist Usmani said . "  The music is great , but the conversation is the key to all of this . The dialogue that we have inspired is really invaluable . " "  I do n't think Islam is ever going to go away , I 'm just trying to see how it best fits in my life . "	A handful of Muslim punk bands have emerged in the last few years A fictional portrayal of a Muslim punk scene helped set the real-world stage Some conservative Muslims disapprove of the suggestive and irreverent lyrics
Donald Sterling wants a second chance . While most people want him to take his ball and go home , the embattled Los Angeles Clippers owner told CNN that he hopes for forgiveness from his fellow NBA owners -- and the people he has offended . But why not walk away from a league that has banned him and is trying to force him to sell his team ? "  I want to show all of the people that are associated with basketball and the world I 'm not a racist , " he told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " in an exclusive interview , the second part of which aired Wednesday evening . In Wednesday 's portion of the 80-minute interview , Sterling also touched on the subject of racism , saying he does n't think that it is that bad in the United States . He thinks Americans deal with race relations better than other countries . "  I do n't see it . I 'm not an African-American , " the 80-year-old lawyer and billionaire real estate investor , said . "  You know , take Judaism ... I do n't think the Jews have any problem . I mean there 's a couple of people that they killed that are Jews coming out of a synagogue . " He apparently was making a reference to the shootings at two Jewish centers near Kansas City , Missouri , last month . Sterling used working with other lawyers as an example of when he does n't think race is a barrier . He judges other attorneys by their work , he told Cooper . "  I would n't think he  a black attorney  was any different than a white lawyer . ... I think America has worked well with that . Maybe not as well as the African-Americans would like , but I 'm a Jew . I watch what 's going on with us , too . "  I think it 's better than it 's ever been . Does n't mean there is n't anti-Semitism , there is ... a lot of it , especially in the South . But it does n't matter . " Sterling repeatedly apologized and denied accusations that he 's racist , claiming he 'd been "  baited " into making what he called "  terrible " remarks by his friend V. Stiviano . In the recording , which drew widespread condemnation from fans , players and the league after it appeared on TMZ , Sterling chastises Stiviano for posting pictures online of her posing with African-Americans , including NBA legend Magic Johnson . He tells her not to bring Johnson to Clippers games . Sterling insists he 's no racist , still slams Magic Johnson "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me , " he said . Sterling told Cooper he has pledged millions to minority causes . "  I support minorities , God has been so good to me , " he said . "  I 'm so lucky , and so I want to give , and that 's what my life is all about . Giving and helping wherever I can . " The man who has owned the Clippers since 1981 told Cooper that he is taking a wait-and-see approach as a committee of 10 NBA owners meets each week to discuss forcing him to sell the team . Sterling wants to convince all his fellow owners he is sorry for making racist remarks to Stiviano that were posted on TMZ , a celebrity gossip website . "  I 'm apologizing and I 'm asking for forgiveness , " he said . "  Am I entitled to one mistake ? After 35 years . I mean , I love my league , I love my partners . ... It 's a terrible mistake , and I 'll never do it again . " He called his punishment -- a lifetime ban from the NBA and a $ 2.5 million fine -- "  a little bit harsh , " but wondered if one day he could be back as an active owner of the Clippers . Cooper asked him how that could happen . "  I do n't know . I guess I have to , you know , look into the heart , " Sterling said . "  You know and maybe give me a chance . Give me another chance . " "  Maybe it 's fair , " Sterling said about the punishment . "  I mean , for all of the aggravation , all of the embarrassment , all the humiliation I caused them . " Magic Johnson : I 'm going to pray for Sterling Player walkout not a concern for Sterling Sterling said he thinks that if he is able to keep his team , he wo n't have to worry about an NBA players strike next season . "  That 's talk , the media pushes that , " the banned owner told Cooper . "  Why would they do that ? If they get their salaries , they 're going to play . " The idea of a league-wide walkout gained traction for a few hours Wednesday when the vice president of the National Basketball Players Association , Roger Mason Jr. , told a Showtime cable network show that LeBron James might lead a strike if Sterling is still the controlling owner of the franchise when the new season begins in the fall . Mason clarified his earlier statement , telling CNN : "  I was using LeBron as an example as I talk about many of our players in our league . We unified and we 're united , and we want to do what 's right . " Sterling 's claims vs. reality Mason said he was referring to remarks by James that people like Sterling have no place in the league . James himself told Rachel Nichols of CNN and TNT that the players are pleased with the league office . "  The direction Adam  Silver  is going and the NBA is going , there should n't be a need for  a strike  , " he told Nichols . "  We trust those guys , and we know that they 're going to take care of what needs to be done for our league , and we understand that it 's not going to be tomorrow . " The NBA advisory committee is still discussing the matter of a forced sale and no vote has been taken . Three-quarters of the league 's Board of Governors , representatives of each of the other 29 ownership groups , would have to vote to terminate the Sterlings ownership . Sterling told Cooper that people have the wrong impression of him . He 's not a monster who deserves to lose his team , he said . "  What am I , a Frankenstein ? What am I , some kind of an ogre ? " he asked . "  I 'm a good person , I 'm a warm person . I say hello to everybody who comes to the team . " Sterling , who told Cooper in Monday 's portion of the interview that he is still loved by the players and fans , wondered why people turned on him so quickly . "  One day , they all love you , and the next day , you make a mistake and say something , and suddenly they hate you -- is that the way it is ? " he said in part two on Wednesday . "  What if a player said , ' I do n't like working for that Jew . ' What would we do ? "  I would n't do anything . I would ask him , ` Why ? Why ? ' I want to make you happy . If you want more money , more attention , more love ? " What has Magic Johnson done ? Quite a lot , actually Sterling contemplates end of marriage Sterling believes his long marriage is near its end . He said he thinks his estranged wife , Shelly , has filed paperwork to begin divorce proceedings . "  I 've destroyed her life , " he said . "  I like her attorneys . They are all very good . They all want to be separate . They want her to divorce me forever and sever the relationship . " Sterling , who said Magic Johnson should be ashamed for being promiscuous and contracting HIV , tried to explain his own behavior . "  I guess I was bad committing all of those terrible ... I do n't even want to say it , " he said . "  But you know , people say , ` How do you commit adultery ? ' You justify things . "  You say , well , every man in Paris or France has a mistress . I mean , it may make you smile , but when you 're so old , you do n't think it 's wrong anymore if you have a little bit of fun . " He said he wanted someone to love him . "  You want to be cared for . Everybody wants to be cared for , " he said through tears . "  I made such a mistake . I thought that woman  Stiviano  really cared for me . " He thinks Shelly should keep her 50 % stake in the team . "  One wife , 58 years , " he said . "  And she loved the team and always helped me with everything . If for some reason I ca n't have the team , I think that she should have her interest . She did n't do anything . I brought all of this on her . " Opinion : The 5 apology rules that Sterling broke Opinion : Sterling apology was an epic fail	Donald Sterling does n't think racism is a problem in the United States He says his wife has begun divorce proceedings , she should keep her half of team Sterling thinks players will still take the court even if he remains owner of the Clippers
CNN  -- Seven suspected pirates rescued by a Danish warship were turned over to authorities in Yemen early Friday , two days after they were picked up in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden . The French frigate Nivose escorts commercial ships in the Gulf of Aden on November 28 , 2008 . The men were rescued by the HDMS Absalon on Wednesday after being found in a powerless skiff with rocket-propelled grenades and AK-47s aboard , Danish Navy spokesman Jesper Lynge told CNN . They were found approximately 75 nautical miles  140 km  off the coast of Yemen following a distress call , Lynge said . "  These guys had been without propulsion on their small boat for several days without food or drinking water , " he added . After receiving medical treatment aboard the Absalon , the ship 's crew turned them over to Yemen 's coast guard Friday morning , said Rasmus Tantholt , a reporter for Denmark 's TV2 , who was aboard the warship . The skiff 's small engine was broken , and the Danish vessel sank the boat in order to prevent any hazard to sea traffic . Watch how NATO is fighting piracy " The men are suspected to be pirates because of the weapons on board , Lynge said . Pirates frequently use small boats to attack commercial vessels with small arms and grenades , but Lynge said Absalon crew could not connect the men "  directly with another pirate attack in the area , " Lynge said . Lynge said the skiff was found in Yemeni waters , and the Absalon crew was instructed to hand over the men to the Yemen Coast Guard . Yemeni authorities must conduct any investigation because the episode took place in their jurisdiction , he said . CNN was unable to obtain an immediate comment from Yemeni authorities . Pirates have seized many ships in recent weeks in the waters of the Gulf of Aden , which separates Yemen from Somalia . So far this year , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off the coast of Somalia and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . A multinational fleet , including vessels from the United States , NATO member states , Russia and India , has been patrolling waters of Indian Ocean near the Gulf , which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .	Seven Somali men in possession of rocket grenades and AK-47 guns rescued Danish Navy ship picked them up in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden The patrol craft responded to a small skiff 's calls for assistance off Yemeni coast Ship 's crew instructed to hand over the men to the Yemen Coast Guard
Muharraq , Bahrain  CNN  -- Once upon a time , harvesting pearls was a way of life for the people of Bahrain , a glistening archipelago of 33 islands off the coast of Saudi Arabia . Bahrain lived for pearls . And the world , in turn , coveted Bahraini pearls , considered the best there is . But with the discovery of oil in the 1930s , and as much cheaper Japanese cultured pearls flooded international markets , Bahrain 's pearling industry all but died . Now , though , the island kingdom-by-the-sea wants to preserve its ancient pearling traditions as Bahrain prepares for a listing as an UNESCO World Heritage site . "  We have made a selection of several sites in the country that we felt would best reflect the pearling tradition of Bahrain , " Britta Rudolff , UNESCO affairs counselor , told CNN . "  Those include oyster beds in the sea , many historic houses in the urban parts of Muharraq " and a "  seashore element that connects the two . " The island of Muharraq is Bahrain 's second-largest city and its former capital . Sections of the area will be restored and turned into a cultural heritage attraction . Traditional houses will be refurbished and oyster beds protected by a buffer zone restricting fishing and allowing for boat tours for tourists wanting to try their hand at pearl-diving . Rudolff said that although pearling was an "  industry that was all across the Arabian Gulf ... Bahrain was a place that lived for pearls . " The heyday of Arabian pearling occurred between 1850 and 1930 . Pearls were the world 's most valuable gem -- far eclipsing diamonds -- for most of the 19th century and earlier . For Bahrain , pearls were the backbone of the economy . Tens of thousands of divers , who hunted for pearls hidden inside oysters simply by holding their breath , worked the island nation 's shallow waters with just a nose plug , leather finger gloves for protection against the sharp coral , a bag around their necks and a rope . Bahrain has two sources of water -- sweet freshwater springs and salty seawater -- a combination believed to have contributed to its wealth of pearls . The shallow water surrounding the island nation is also considered significant . "  Centuries ago , the divers would 've gone out on a boat like this -- a dhow -- which is a traditional boat , " Mohamed Slaise , who conducts pearl diving excursions in Bahrain , told CNN . "  The point is to get as many oysters as you can . With about 100 oysters , you find 10 pearls . " Slaise told CNN that you hang a net , called a Dee , on your head and fill it up . "  You use two hands . That 's the whole point . " There are now only a handful of oyster beds off Bahrain , which have not been commercially harvested for decades . The chances of finding a commercially viable pearl -- at least 2 mm in diameter -- are slim , experts say , and it can take years to find enough pearls to make a necklace . The trade of cultured pearls is forbidden in Bahrain , and there are only a handful of pearl merchants left in the country , dealing mostly in local collections of previously-held stock . The only pearl divers now are a few fishermen and a few local hobby divers for visitors . Part of the pearl initiative is to encourage pearl diving in the country again , since experts believe that harvesting oysters actually helps replenish oyster beds . "  Every 10,000 oysters , we get 25 pearls with commercial value , " Talal Mattar of Mattar Jewelers , told CNN . Mattar , whose family has been in the pearl-trading business for 150 years , said pearls are collected , classified and stored over years . "  This is very difficult to find something like this , " he said , showing off a perfectly round shimmering Bahraini pearl . "  Sometimes it takes two to three years and you still do n't find a round one . " CNN 's Leone Lakhani and Daniela Deane contributed to this report .	Pearling 's heyday was between 1850 and 1930 The discovery of oil and advent of cultured pearls killed industry Government submitted proposal to UNESCO for pearling heritage listing Can take years to get enough pearls for a necklace
CNN  -- On July 13 , 2013 , a Florida jury found George Zimmerman not guilty in the death of Trayvon Martin . The former neighborhood watchman never denied fatally shooting the unarmed teen , but he said he did so because he feared for his life . The intensely watched murder trial inspired passionate debate about race relations in America , gun laws , profiling and self-defense , and a good deal more . Here 's where some of the key players are one year after the verdict . George Zimmerman Zimmerman has popped up a few times post-verdict . Just days after his acquittal , he helped rescue of a family of four from an overturned SUV . His wife , Shellie , filed for divorce in September , citing irreconcilable differences -- and in November , Zimmerman was arrested and charged with felony aggravated assault for a domestic dispute with his girlfriend . Prosecutors dropped the case in December after Zimmerman 's girlfriend recanted part of her story . Since then , he says , he has turned to painting as a "  creative " way to express himself , and that he would like to pursue a legal career . In the meantime , he remains unemployed , and the nearly $ 500,000 raised online for his defense is at a near zero balance . The U.S. Department of Justice investigation into whether Zimmerman violated Martin 's rights is still ongoing . Bids for George Zimmerman artwork top $ 100,000 Zimmerman 's parents sue Roseanne Barr over tweets Judge Debra Nelson Nelson is still serving as a circuit judge in Seminole County , Florida . She had taken the Zimmerman case near the end of her one-year rotation in the criminal courts . After presiding over the high-profile trial , she went back to handling civil cases . Ironically , she presided at the related case Zimmerman v. NBC . She ruled recently that Zimmerman was not entitled to any money from the network , effectively dismissing his allegations that NBC portrayed him as racist by selective news editing . As of July 1 , Nelson is back for another turn in criminal courts . Benjamin Crump The colorful attorney who represented Trayvon Martin 's parents , Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin , has been busy , taking on several high-profile cases spanning the nation . Crump regularly speaks at conferences on race relations and is currently representing the family of Robbie Tolan , a former baseball player shot in Texas by a police officer in 2008 . The case was dismissed in 2012 by a federal appeals court , but in May , the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled the court failed to consider the Tolan family 's accounts . Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin Trayvon Martin 's parents have been actively engaged in working to change "  stand your ground " laws and speaking to groups and conventions around the country about ethnic profiling and prevention of violent crimes . Fulton and Martin are heavily involved in a foundation they established in their son 's name , which provides stipends to families who have lost children to gun violence . Angela Corey The tough-talking prosecutor continues to take on high-profile cases as the state attorney for the Fourth Judicial Circuit of Florida . In February , her office argued a case against Michael Dunn , accused of shooting at four teens in a vehicle after complaining about the volume of their music . Jordan Davis , 17 , was killed . Trial results were mixed : Jurors found Dunn guilty on three counts of attempted second-degree murder , but deadlocked on the first-degree murder charge for Davis ' death . Dunn 's retrial is expected to begin in September , after which he will be sentenced for his previous convictions . Mark O'Mara The defense lawyer was inundated with calls after his victory defending the man who was once described as "  the most hated man in America . " O'Mara , who does not currently represent George Zimmerman , is now flush with new business and is a current CNN legal contributor . Of the approximately $ 2.5 million legal fees racked up over the course of the trial , O'Mara and co-counsel Don West each received a single payment of approximately 2.4 % of the total costs -- or about $ 30,000 each . There is no expectation of further payments . Bill Lee The ousted former Sanford , Florida , police chief , who took the brunt of criticism about how the initial investigation in the shooting was conducted , is now working as a special agent with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's Orlando Regional Operations Center Public Integrity Squad . As an investigator , he looks into alleged misconduct of public officials , including in-custody deaths and officer-involved shootings . Lee is no longer a supervisor , but FDLE colleagues say he is a "  tremendous asset " to the team . Rachel Jeantel The bombshell prosecution witness , who captivated trial-watchers , graduated from an alternative high school in Miami in May . A cadre of supporters took Jeantel , 20 , under their collective wings after she was subjected to scathing public criticism over her appearance , demeanor and speech during the trial . After Jeantel appeared on CNN last July , popular morning radio talk show host Tom Joyner offered financial assistance to pay her way through college . Jeantel says she 's interested in pursuing a postsecondary degree and is weighing whether she wants to attend college or go to fashion school . Jurors To date , little is known about the mainly faceless jurors who deliberated for more than 16 hours before rendering George Zimmerman 's fate . Five white women and one black Hispanic woman were on the main panel ; four alternate jurors , two men and two women , were also selected . Juror B29 told ABC she believed Zimmerman "  got away with murder " but that she had to "  grab our hearts and put it aside and look at the evidence . " Alternate juror E54 told WOFL he "  supported the verdict . " Juror B37 , the first juror to speak , told CNN that Zimmerman was "  justified in shooting Trayvon Martin " but that he "  had good in his heart , he just went overboard . " She initially planned to write a book about her experience but withdrew after major backlash against her comments .	Zimmerman found not guilty in death of Travyon Martin on July 13 , 2013 Since then , Zimmerman has turned to painting to express himself Martin 's parents speak to groups about preventing ethnic profiling Jurors have largely stayed out of the spotlight
CNN  -- Roger Federer strengthened his grip on the top spot in the world rankings with a crushing 6-0 7-6 victory over Novak Djokovic Sunday in the final of the Cincinnati Masters 1000 tournament . The Swiss maestro needed just 80 minutes to clinch his fifth title at the hard court tournament and claim the 1,000 ranking points on offer , against 600 for Djokovic , the world number two . Federer took ruthless advantage of claiming three of his four break point opportunities to sweep through the opener without dropping a game . The second set was closer , but Djokovic was unable to force a single break point on the Federer service as it went to a lengthy tiebreaker . Djokovic held a set point at 7-6 but Federer saved it with bold play and swept the next two points to clinch a morale boosting victory ahead of the final grand slam of the season in the U.S. Open at Flushing Meadows . The scoreline was similar to the last time the pair met in the Cincinnati final in 2009 when Federer won 6-1 7-5 and he has extended his career lead over the Serbian to 16-12 . Federer , who claimed the Wimbledon crown and took silver in the Olympic singles to Andy Murray , has charged back to number one and reached the Cincinnati final without dropping a set . "  I 've had a magical summer . I feel good about New York -- but I 'm going to savor this one for a bit . " Federer said in his post-match interview . Djokovic , who took the season opening grand slam in Australia , will be defending his U.S. Open title when it starts in New York on August 27 . Federer 's victory in the final gives him his 21st Masters 1000 title , drawing level with Rafael Nadal of Spain , who is sidelined by a knee injury . Defending Cincinnati champion Murray made a shock early exit to France 's Jeremy Chardy . China 's Li Na later won the accompanying WTA tournament with a 1-6 6-3 6-1 victory over Anqelique Kerber of Germany in the final . It was the ninth seed 's first title since her French Open triumph 15 months ago .	Roger Federer beats Novak Djokovic to win Cincinnati Masters Federer triumphs 6-0 7-6 in just one hour 20 minutes Swiss maestro increases his advantage at top of world rankings Li Na of China wins WTA event in Cincinnati
CNN -- Ben Steele hated the young man as soon as he saw him . Ben Steele at a Japanese coal mine prison camp in 1944 . The man 's almond-shaped eyes , dark hair and olive skin -- Steele had seen those Asian facial features before . He saw that face when he watched Japanese soldiers behead sick men begging for water , run over stumbling prisoners with tanks and split his comrades ' skulls with rifle butts . "  Men died like flies , " Steele says . "  I thought for a while I would never make it . " Steele , now 91 , is one of the last survivors of the Bataan Death March . During World War II , the Japanese army forced American and Filipino prisoners of war on a march so horrific that the Japanese commander was later executed for war crimes . Steele returned home to Montana after the war to teach , but he still had something to learn . When he saw a young Japanese-American student seated in his class one day , he felt both anger and anguish . What , he wondered , do I do with all of the hate I 've brought home with me ? ` The worst war story ' he ever heard Steele 's answer to that question can be found in the new book "  Tears in the Darkness , " a searing depiction of the Bataan Death March . The book details how Steele found help through an unlikely source . But he would first have to survive one of the worst defeats in U.S. military history . In December 1941 , Japanese forces attacked an army of American and Filipino soldiers in the Philippine Islands and forced them to surrender . They captured 76,000 prisoners , double what they had expected . The Japanese forced the POWs to march 66 miles under a tropical sun to a railway station for transport . They shot , bayoneted and beat to death prisoners who could n't keep pace . At least 7,000 soldiers died during the march . More died later . The brutal conditions of the march contributed to the subsequent deaths of an estimated 25,000 Filipinos and 1500 Americans in Japanese prison camps , says Michael Norman , a Vietnam veteran who wrote "  Tears in the Darkness , " with his wife , Elizabeth . "  It 's the worst war story I 've ever heard , " Norman says . "  What they -LSB- the Japanese -RSB- did was monstrous . " Prisoners were forced to bury others alive and work as slave laborers ; some were executed for sport . One Japanese soldier , who later became a Buddhist priest , told the authors that he is still haunted by what he did on Bataan . Some Filipinos who live today near the march 's route say that they , too , can not forget what happened , Elizabeth Norman says . "  They would tell us that when they lay awake at night , they thought they could still hear the trampling of the men 's feet on the death march , " she says . Why Steele survived The death march was filled with villains , but the authors also found a hero : Steele . The march is told through his eyes and drawings . Steele was a cowboy from Montana who could ride a horse , rope cattle and shoot by the time he was 8 years old . "  I thought that if anybody gets out of here , I 'm going to be one of them , " says Steele , who was a 22-year-old Army Air Corps private when he was captured . At times , though , Steele wondered whether he was being too optimistic . He was bayoneted , starved and beaten . He was constantly ill , and his weight fell to 112 pounds . Steele found a way to preserve his mind even as his body wasted away : He drew . He started sketching pictures of what he saw during his captivity . "  I felt an obligation to show people what went on there , " he says . Steele was released after three years of captivity when World War II ended . He returned to Billings , Montana , where he became an art professor at a state college . "  I had a lot of anger when I got home , " Steele says . "  We were beaten for so long . I hated -LSB- the Japanese -RSB- . " Steele meets his ` nemesis ' Steele 's hatred smoldered for 15 years . It threatened to spill out into the open in 1960 , when he walked into his classroom on the first day of the semester and saw a Japanese-American student . In "  Tears in the Darkness , " Steele says that his "  heart hardened and filled with hate . " But he was so anguished by what he was feeling , he returned to his office after class to think . He told himself that the war was over ; he was n't a prisoner anymore , and he had to treat the Japanese-American student like anybody else , because he was an American , too . Then he did something else . He invited the student to his office for a talk . The student 's name was Harry Koyama , and he , too , had been marked by the war . His family had been imprisoned at a "  relocation camp " in Arizona during the war . Steele also discovered that he and Koyama had something else in common : a passion for drawing Montana 's rural life . By the end of the semester , Koyama was one of Steele 's best students . Steele says that talking to Koyama helped his hatred evaporate . "  We had a discussion and finally came to an understanding that we liked each other , " he says . Today , Steele and Koyama remain in touch . "  We 're the best of friends , " Koyama tells CNN from his Montana art studio . "  We see each other regularly . " Koyama says he ca n't remember exactly what he and Steele talked about first , only that Steele had always treated him well . Steele did tell him later that their relationship helped him recover from the war , he says . "  I was just there , " Koyama says . "  I just happened to be there for him to use my presence as a way to overcome his dark time . " Koyama says he is still amazed by Steele 's survival story . "  Just to be a part of his life is an honor , " Koyama says . Steele 's voice is still strong and his mind sharp . He 's been married to his wife , Shirley , for 57 years , and they have three children and six grandchildren . Steele says Bataan taught him to treasure small pleasures , like a drink of cool water and a warm bed at night . "  I 'm thankful that I have a plateful of food , " he says . "  I can remember when that plate was empty . " He still remembers tiny details from the death march as well . He constantly draws pictures of his friends and tormentors on Bataan . Their faces fill his sketchbooks . Steele 's hate may be gone , but the death march lingers . "  I think about it every day , " he says . "  It 's in my mind , and I 'll never get it out . "	Ben Steele recounts surviving the Bataan Death March in World War II "  Men died like flies , " says Steele , now 91 Steele 's story is recounted in new book "  Tears in the Darkness " Steele forced to confront hatred through chance meeting after war
CNN  -- There are few industries that have n't been shaken up by the game-changing potential of 3-D printing , and aviation is no exception . While it may be fun to imagine manufacturers spitting out planes at the touch of a button , the reality is more low key , though no less revolutionary . As is usually the case with aviation , it is all kicking off with a jet engine . Engine maker CFM International , a joint venture between GE Aviation and the French company Snecma , has created the LEAP engine -- an acronym for "  leading edge aviation propulsion " that the company hopes reflects just how innovative the new aircraft component is . LEAP has many futuristic features , including a 3-D-printed nozzle , the part of the plane responsible for burning fuel . "  This technology is actually enabling us to create designs that would n't physically be possible to make with standard conventional machining , " said Gareth Richards , LEAP 's program manager . Read more : Compare taxi fares from the airport to downtown While GE has been using 3-D printing for years to make plastic prototypes , only recently has the technology matured to the point of creating objects with stronger materials . "  We can do this in almost any metal you care to choose . We can do it in aluminum or nickel or steel . This is not 3-D printing like you might have seen on some tech show where people are making parts from plastic out of their basement . This is n't prototyping , where you have to figure out how to make it for real . This is making fully functioning production parts out of real aerospace materials , " said Richards . LEAP incorporates another first ; the engine 's fan blade is made from a material called Ceramic Matrix Composite . Essentially , it is ceramic that is as tough as steel , although unlike metal , it can withstand extreme temperatures . More important , it is lighter than any alloy previously used . The manufacturer says the material used in the fan blades and other components makes a plane 1,000 pounds lighter than normal . "  LEAP reduces fuel burn by 15 % over its predecessor engine . That adds up to several million dollars saved per year per plane , " said GE Aviation spokesman Rick Kennedy . Read more : Airbus A350 XWB unveiled Thus far , the new engine has been a sexy sell for airlines . CFM has n't even started ground testing the engine , and they already have 4,500 orders from the likes of Qantas , American Airlines , Virgin and Southwest Airlines . CFM is planning for the engines to go into service by 2016 , which means it needs to produce 1,500 engines a year . But the technology makes the goal achievable by cutting manufacturing time . "  For our most complex parts , it 's common for the time it takes to be measured not only in weeks , but months or even more than a year , " said Richards . "  Now , we 're talking about going from the computer file to the finished part in hours or days . " Read more : The dawn of driverless cars Airbus has also started playing with additive manufacturing . Peter Sander , of Airbus 's Innovation Cell , imagines that by 2050 the company will be selling commercial planes made almost entirely from 3-D printed parts . For now , Airbus is content with making printed brackets , which will become a standard part of production by 2016 . Each component made from 3-D printing , Sander reckons , is 25 percent lighter than the equivalent made from traditional manufacturing . "  Weight reduction is our driving force , because less weight means less fuel , " says Sander .	A new engine , called LEAP , incorporates a nozzle made by 3-D printing The material used for the fan blades is a tough ceramic that reduces the weight of the plane by 1,000 pounds GE Aviation has acquired companies that specialize in direct metal laser sintering Airbus has also started to experiment with additive manufacturing
CNN  -- Nature abhors a vacuum but terrorism relishes one . And Iraq appears to be offering new space for al Qaeda and other militant groups , as political rivalries and sectarian animosities deepen . The coordinated bomb explosions across Baghdad Thursday -- which killed more than 60 people -- bear the hallmark of Islamic State of Iraq  ISI  , which is closely associated with al Qaeda . No other group in Iraq has shown itself capable of such synchronized suicide attacks . Some , but not all , of the bombings were in Shiite neighborhoods ; frequently al Qaeda 's targets appear indiscriminate as part of a strategy to sow fear and stir sectarian tensions . The attacks come as Iraq 's Shiite Prime Minister , Nouri al-Maliki , demands the surrender of Iraq 's Sunni Vice-President , Tareq al Hashimi , on charges that he ordered bombings and assassinations . Hashimi has taken refuge in the northern Kurdish-administered part of Iraq , and the country 's always-fragile tripartite balance now appears to be in grave danger -- with the restraining effect of a U.S. military presence gone . Ramzy Mardini , of the Institute for the Study of War , believes the presence of U.S. troops helped stabilize Iraq 's political discourse , and "  their premature removal from the political space has altered the manner on which Iraq 's actors interact . " But even before their departure , there were ominous signs , as two largely Sunni provinces declared their intent to become autonomous regions . Those moves appeared to have the support -- or at least sympathy -- of Vice-President Hashemi . Al Qaeda in Iraq has shown before that one of its aims is to spark sectarian bloodshed between Iraq 's Sunnis and Shiites . Under the leadership of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , it carried out a double bombing of one of Shiite Islam 's most holy places -- the Askariya shrine in Samarra -- in February 2006 . The plan nearly worked : there were retaliatory attacks against Sunni mosques and for nearly two years Iraq was mired in sectarian bloodletting . In words that may apply equally today , Iraq 's national security adviser at the time , Mowaffak al-Rubaie , said : "  The main aim of these terrorist groups is to drag Iraq into a civil war . " While political violence in Iraq is nowhere near its peak of 2006-07 , it has never gone away . ISI regrouped after the death of Zarqawi , and after losing support within the Sunni community because of its vicious attacks on civilians . Iraqi officials speak of a "  third generation " of al Qaeda in Iraq , with fewer foreign fighters and more battle-hardened Iraqi Sunnis . Analysts say ISI has turned to bank raids and other forms of crime to finance its activities , and is targeting police patrols in areas where it is strong , largely north of Baghdad . U.S. officials say that unlike al Qaeda under Zarqawi , the group no longer holds swathes of territory , but acts in smaller cells . It is strongest in the city of Mosul , 260 miles north of Baghdad and one of Iraq 's many sectarian faultlines . The city is a base for ISI but rarely suffers from its violence . But it has shown it can operate across the country . On one day in August , 13 people were killed and dozens injured in attacks blamed on ISI . Two bombs in Baghdad killed 18 people at the end of October . U.S. officials expected ISI to step up its campaign on the heels of a U.S. withdrawal . The former spokesman for the U.S. military in Iraq , Major General Jeffrey Buchanan said : "  It 's likely they will try to harbor their resources for a significant series of attacks after the U.S. military withdrawal if for no other reason than to demonstrate their relevance . " He added that "  since August al Qaeda has been working really hard to foment sectarian conflict , " and warned that "  if the Iraqi security forces are not able to put pressure on them , they could regenerate . " But when the U.S. military left Iraq , it took its intelligence-gathering with it -- making the job of Iraqi counter-terrorism units more challenging still . "  Without all the enablers we provide , there 's no doubt there will be less capability than there is right now , " Buchanan said a few weeks ago . Shiite militias -- often supported by Iran -- have emerged to counter the threat of Sunni militancy . And as Iraqi security forces have gone after Sunni militants , the balance of power has tipped toward these Shiite militias -- groups like Asaib ahl-Haq and Kata'ib Hezballah . U.S. officials contend that Shiite groups sponsored by Iran were a greater danger than al Qaeda to the country 's stability . Despite his good relations with Iran , Prime Minister Maliki is well aware that its influence is a double-edged sword -- and is anxious that Iraq does not become a battleground between the Islamic republic and the Sunni monarchy in Saudi Arabia . "  We do not allow Iran to use us against others that Iran has problems with , and we do not allow others to use us against Iran , " he said last week . But Iraq has little control over its own borders , and a former U.S. military officer who served in Iraq told CNN last week that its security forces were still largely divided on sectarian lines . The situation in neighboring Syria adds another dimension to the situation . Thousands of Sunnis took refuge there after the fall of Saddam Hussein , but if the regime of President Bashar al Assad falls , they may need to return home . Maliki has already said that Assad 's fall could set off a regional sectarian crisis -- one reason perhaps that his government has opposed Arab League sanctions against Syria . And some Iraqi Shiites see a Saudi hand at work in Syria . For its part , Iran has all the more reason to reinforce its influence in Iraq should its long-time Arab ally in Damascus be ousted . This regional volatility only adds fuel to an always combustible internal situation . Last week , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said after a visit to Baghdad : "  The leadership of Iraq is committed to a strong and sovereign and independent Iraq and for that reason I am confident they are going to succeed . " Al Qaeda and its enemies at the other end of the religious spectrum are doing their best to prove him wrong .	Bombings are an indication that terror groups in Iraq are finding space to operate Attack came as Iraq 's Shiite prime minister orders arrest of Sunni vice-president Iraqi officials speak of a new al Qaeda made up of Sunni fighters ; U.S. officials say Shiite groups sponsored by Iran are a bigger danger Meanwhile the prime minister does not want Iraq to be a proxy battleground for Saudi Arabia and Iran
CNN  -- Few countries in Asia have suffered as much turmoil and internecine warfare in recent decades as Cambodia . The "  secret bombing " campaign in the early 1970s , orchestrated by the soon-to-be-impeached President Richard Nixon and his secretary of state , Henry Kissinger , the most contentious of Nobel Peace Prize winners , pushed many moderates towards the Khmer Rouge , who stormed into Phnom Penh in April 1975 to declare victory and begin a reign of tyranny that some historians have called the most radical experiment in communism ever conducted . With an agenda of half-baked Maoism and class warfare that included emptying cities , banning money , and executing intellectuals -- or anyone wearing glasses -- the Khmer Rouge tried to create an agrarian utopia . Instead , they wound up masterminding a genocide that left an estimated 1.7 million Khmers dead . That legacy is on grim display in Phnom Penh 's most popular dark tourism sites of the secret prison at Tuol Sleng and the Killing Fields . Textbook tortures Known by the code name S-21 , the former high school of Tuol Sleng became the Khmer Rouge 's secret prison and the most potent symbol of its brutality . Over the course of four years as many as 20,000 prisoners passed through here , including four Frenchmen , one Brit and two Americans . INTERACTIVE : Five faces of Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge Only seven survived . Upon arriving at the prison , each inmate was photographed . These black and white portraits hang in the second of four buildings . They are the most haunting part of this memorial site . Some inmates are wide-eyed with fright . Others appear resigned to their fate . Some are mere children . Others are women with babies . All of them put a human face on what was an inhuman regime hell-bent on extinguishing every last spark of individuality and family loyalty from its citizenry , for the Khmer Rouge referred to itself only as "  Angkar "  the Organization  . Its leader was a paranoid megalomaniac whom , as Philip Short recounted in his comprehensive biography , "  Pol Pot : The History of a Nightmare , " believed in preserving secrecy at all costs , to the point where his handwriting has never yet been identified . An ongoing struggle for justice after Khmer Rouge Building A has been preserved exactly as the Vietnamese invaders , weary of Khmer Rouge attacks , found it in early 1979 , right down to the bloodstains on the floor and the implements of torture left on the bed frames scabbed with rust . In another building , paintings by Vann Nath , one of the seven survivors , illustrate in living colors how the prison 's torturers went about their deathly business , extracting the most trumped up confessions through the most barbaric of means . Far from being a museum piece , the tragedy of Tuol Sleng continues to play out in the last act of a UN-backed genocide trial . The prison 's former chief , Comrade Duch , the alias of Kain Guek Eav , has already been sentenced to life in prison for war crimes , while two other members of the Khmer Rouge top brass , Nuon Chea and Khieu Samphan wait in the wings for their trials to begin . Burial grounds The first time I visited the Killing Fields outside Phnom Penh in 2003 , I was transfixed by a tree with a sign that read in Khmer and English : "  Chankiri tree against which executioners beat children . " That was done to save bullets . My driver pointed at nails sticking out of the tree -- they had been used to drive home the regime 's barbarity and speed up the executions . Just then , a little girl appeared beside the tree , her face peeking over an urn stacked with bones that went up to her neck . She looked like a ghost , but in fact was one of the child beggars in the area . The tree still stands , but the urchins have been evicted . When local authorities renovated the Killing Fields in 2011 , this series of mass graves , where the Khmer Rouge executed and buried the prisoners trucked in from Tuol Sleng , they turned it into a site that documents , with painstaking accuracy , the ultra-Maoists ' atrocities . Complete with a pagoda of skulls for an epicenter-piece , these burial grounds have a concussive impact on visitors . Thanks to the refurbishments , you can listen to the strident battle hymns of the Khmer Rouge once blasted from speakers to drown out the cries of the condemned men and women being beaten to death with the axles of oxcarts , or having their throats slit with the serrated edges of a palm frond . To really come to grips with Cambodia 's dark past and understand why 70 % of its populace are under 30 , these two memorial sites stand as tombstones to those times of turmoil and the Khmers ' courageous resilience in the face of peril . READ MORE : 35 years on , top Khmer Rouge leaders face justice in Cambodia Jim Algie has worked as a writer and editor in Bangkok since 1992 . His books include the acclaimed non-fiction collection , "  Bizarre Thailand : Tales of Crime , Sex and Black Magic " and a collection of short fiction , "  The Phantom Lover and Other Thrilling Tales of Thailand . "	Cambodia does n't hide from its brutal past , with evidence of Pol Pot 's regime on show at Tuol Sleng and the Killing Fields Khmer Rouge attempt to create an agrarian utopia left an estimated 1.7 million people dead Tuol Sleng 's former chief , Comrade Duch , already sentenced to life in prison , other senior Khmer Rouge officials await trials
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Seventeen-year-old women should be able to buy the "  morning-after pill " without a prescription within a few weeks , a government spokesman said Thursday . Plan B , also called the morning-after pill , is intended to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex . The Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday that the contraceptive will be available over the counter to 17-year-olds , as it currently is for women 18 and older . Agency spokesman George Strait said Thursday the approval process for the change will not take long . "  It 's likely to be weeks , rather than months or years before it 's approved , " he said . The FDA just needs to review the label changes from the drug 's maker , Duramed , Strait said . Once that 's done , the approval will be complete . On March 23 , a federal court ordered that Plan B , an emergency contraception pill , be made available over the counter to those 17 and older , the agency said in a statement on its Web site . The agency will not appeal that order , the statement said . In the order , U.S. District Judge Edward Korman also asked the agency to consider whether the pill should be available to women of all ages without a prescription , saying that such a determination is best left to the expertise of the FDA rather than a federal district judge . Watch more on the Plan B controversy " And he rebuked the FDA for apparently departing from its own procedures with respect to making decisions on the pill 's over-the-counter status , noting the "  unusual involvement of the White House in the Plan B decision-making process . " The plaintiffs in the case presented "  unrebutted evidence of the FDA 's lack of good faith " toward the application to switch Plan B from prescription to non-prescription use , the judge wrote . "  This lack of good faith is evidenced by , among other things ,  1  repeated and unreasonable delays , pressure emanating from the White House , and the obvious connection between the confirmation process of two FDA commissioners and the timing of the FDA 's decisions ; and  2  significant departures from the FDA 's normal procedures and policies ... as compared to the review of other switch applications in the past 10 years , " Korman wrote . In August 2006 , the FDA approved the sale of Plan B without a prescription to those 18 and older , but those 17 and under needed a prescription to obtain it . But , the agency said in Wednesday 's statement , "  in accordance with the court 's order , and consistent with the scientific findings since 2005 by the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , FDA sent a letter to the manufacturer of Plan B that the company may , upon submission and approval of an appropriate application , market Plan B without a prescription to women 17 years of age and older . " "  No useful purpose would be served by continuing to deprive 17-year-olds access to Plan B without a prescription , " Korman wrote in his order . "  Indeed , the record shows that FDA officials and staff both agreed that 17-year-olds can use Plan B safely without a prescription . The FDA 's justification for this age restriction , that pharmacists would be unable to enforce the prescription requirement if the cutoff were age 17 , rather than 18 , lacks all credibility . " Watch bloggers debate the merits of Plan B " Planned Parenthood Federation of America President Cecile Richards said in a statement that the FDA 's announcement is "  a strong statement to American women that their health comes before politics . And that 's the way it should be . This decision is common-sense policy that will help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies and protect the health and safety of all women . " The morning-after pill -- made by Duramed , a subsidiary of Barr Pharmaceuticals -- is intended to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex . It works by stopping ovulation and decreasing the chances that a fertilized egg will attach to the uterus . When used within 72 hours of unprotected sex , it can lower the risk of pregnancy by almost 90 percent , the maker says . Some critics charge that the drug 's action amounts to an abortion , and opposed making it available over the counter . Others expressed health concerns . "  Plan B is a high dose of birth control pills . ... The FDA violated its standards when it made the high-dose Plan B available nonprescription to adults . But now the FDA is making the drug available to minors without parental consent , " the Concerned Women for America , a Washington-based conservative Christian group , said Wednesday . "  Parents should be furious that the FDA is putting their minor daughters at risk , " the group said .	Judge asks FDA to weigh availability to women of all ages Court ordered in March that Plan B be made available OTC to women over 17 The FDA will not appeal the order Emergency contraceptive prevents pregnancy after unprotected sex
Tribune Media Services  -- Look out for cancellation penalties . Beware of energy surcharges . And watch for facilities fees . Hertz lost $ 73 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 . No , not on your airline ticket . Not on your hotel folio . You may find these new extras on your next car rental bill . Beleaguered auto rental firms are quietly adding new surcharges designed to lift revenues in a recessionary economy . To get an idea of how absurd it 's becoming meet Jim Swofford . He found a mysterious $ 5 fee on his Hertz bill recently , which a representative described as a cancellation fee . Car rental companies typically do n't charge their customers for cancellations , so Swofford , who frequently rents from Hertz , said he did n't want another car he 'd reserved for later . "  That 'll be $ 25 , " the agent told him . "  So I jokingly said I would not cancel but just be a no-show , " he remembers . "  She said that would result in a $ 50 fee . " Or talk to Eric Hegwer , a photographer from Austin , Texas , who spotted a $ 1 "  energy surcharge " on his Hertz car rental bill recently . "  My previous rentals did n't have one , " he says . I asked Hertz about the two new surcharges . Company spokeswoman Paula Rivera told me the cancellation fee , which was added in December , applied only to prepaid reservations and is meant to "  reimburse Hertz for the paperwork and billing involved with a prepaid reservation . " The fee also covers part of the company 's cost of holding vehicles for prepaid reservations . The energy surcharge , which was added in October , bills all rentals in most states an additional $ 1 a day "  to offset the increasing costs of utilities , bus fuel , oil and grease , " she said . It 's easy to see why car rental companies are taking these steps . The industry is hemorrhaging money faster than oil leaking from a cracked gasket . Hertz lost $ 73 million in the fourth quarter , and competitor Avis lost $ 121 million in the same period . They fared much better than Advantage Rent A Car , which filed for bankruptcy protection in December and whose assets were sold to Hertz for a reported $ 33 million . Every penny counts for the car rental companies . Then again , in this dreadful economy , who is n't counting every cent ? Shocking anecdotes aside , there 's a pattern here , and you do n't have to be an investigative reporter or a conspiracy theory-obsessed columnist to see it . Just read the annual reports issued by one of the publicly traded car rental companies .  Look for the form 10-K and then scroll down to "  Legal Proceedings " for an enlightening read .  They 're littered with lawsuits over fees , surcharges and add-ons that motorists say broadsided them when they rented a car . A representative of the American Car Rental Association , a trade group for the car rental business , says these fees are essential to the industry 's survival . But that does n't give companies a license to surprise their customers . "  The car rental company has an obligation to clearly and concisely explain all fees and charges at the time of rental , " says Robert Barton , the association 's president and chief operating officer for U-Save Car & Truck Rental . How to stay ahead of these extras ? Knowing is half the battle . Here are five of the newer charges that could sideswipe you on your next trip . A fee for something you 've already paid for This is one of the more creative new ways of separating you from your money : charging you twice for the same thing . "  Three times now , with three different companies , they have tried to charge me for gas when I 've returned the car with a full tank and claimed it was an honest mistake , " says Sid Savara , a software engineer in Oahu , Hawaii . "  It leads me to suspect they are just tacking the fee on and most people are n't noticing or complaining about it . " Boston-based author John DiPietro brought his own E-ZPass toll transponder when he rented a car in Massachusetts recently , but Budget billed him for the toll roads anyway . "  We 're still trying to resolve it , " he told me . Now more than ever , it 's important to be on the lookout for duplicate charges on your rental bill . A fee for something that should come with the car Such as tires . Enterprise recently charged one of Edgar Dworsky 's readers a $ 2 "  tire fee . " He edits a Web site called Consumer World , and like me , he hears a lot of horror stories from travelers . What 's a tire fee ? Enterprise told Dworsky it was required by the state of Florida . "  I guess the consumer advice is to order a car without tires next time , " he joked . But other fees ca n't be blamed on the state , including surcharges that cover the cost of oil and grease . It might be interesting to show up at a car rental counter with four tires and a can of Pennzoil , and ask to have those fees waived . You think they would do it ? Yeah , neither do I. Surcharge on surcharges Scott Lerman found a "  privilege fee " on his last car rental in Florida , which applied to rentals picked up within 48 hours of flight arrival . "  Never seen anything like it , " says the Livingston , New Jersey-based freelance publicist .  The fee covers the costs of operating an off-airport location . Other renters have reported seeing a similar surcharge combined with what 's often called a concession recovery fee , which amounts to a surcharge on top of a surcharge . At best , car rental companies are coming up with new and confusing names for their fees . At worst , they 're charging us a fee on top of another fee . Next thing you know , there 'll be a surcharge on a surcharge on top of a surcharge . Do n't laugh -- I 'm sure they 've already thought of it . The stadium tax Fees for new stadiums and concert halls are technically not new , and technically they 're not even controlled by car rental companies . Except that municipalities keep coming up with new ones and car rental companies do n't lobby hard enough to have the fees removed . So rental firms are not completely blameless . Seth Mendelsohn , the president of a food store in Boulder , Colorado , found a $ 4 "  downtown arena " fee on his bill when he visited Kansas City recently . "  Apparently the city is trying to pay for part of the Sprint Center through car rental fees , " he told me . There are dozens -- perhaps hundreds -- of these so-called stadium taxes across the country . And new ones keep popping up . One of the latest is a car rental tax in Gwinnett County , Georgia , to build a stadium for the Atlanta Braves . And just last week , legislators proposed a $ 2 tax to fund commuter rail service in South Florida . Extra driver fees These are n't brand new , but the way in which they 're being enforced has changed recently . When Carol Stevenson and her sister rented a car from Payless in Phoenix , they were asked to pay $ 9 a day more if Stevenson 's sister wanted to drive . "  And that did n't include their insurance waiver , " she remembers . Why charge for an extra driver ? The simple answer : because they can . In the past , car rental agents looked the other way when two drivers showed up to rent the same car . But now , with money tight , they 're applying more pressure to authorize a second driver . If you do n't fork over the money and happen to get into an accident , they warn , you wo n't be covered by their insurance . Of course , that assumes you buy their overpriced collision-damage waiver in the first place . Odds are , your credit card or car insurance offers comparable coverage . Most of these fees can be avoided by pre-paying for your car through one of the "  opaque " travel sites such as Hotwire.com or Priceline.com , or by buying through an online travel agency that guarantees its rates . But car rental companies are trying to find a way to stick it to customers with prepaid vouchers , too . I 'll have more on that in a future column . Where will it end ? Something tells me we 're not there yet . Not even close . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . This column originally appeared on MSNBC.com . You can read more travel tips on his blog , elliott.org or e-mail him at celliott@ngs.org  .  2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Beleaguered car rental firms are quietly adding "  absurd " new surcharges Charges include : "  Cancellation fee , " "  energy surcharge , " "  tire fee , " "  privilege fee " Economy resulted in Hertz losing $ 73 million in Q4 ; Avis lost $ 121 million
A midterm election sometimes arrives like a tidal wave , sweeping one party 's incumbents out of office and bringing in a new majority . For Democrats , their wave came in 2006 . For Republicans , theirs came in 2010 . As the next midterm election approaches , however , there are few signs of a tsunami . 2014 seems likely to reproduce divided government and , with it , even more of the partisan polarization that has become endemic in American politics . Thus , the next election seems unlikely to change the dynamics that have produced the partial government shutdown . Loyalty to a political party is not just a feature of Congress . It is , and has always been , a pre-eminent force in American elections . Nine in 10 Americans identify with or lean toward a party , and most vote loyally for that party . In our book , "  The Gamble , " we document the powerful role partisanship played in the 2012 election . In partnership with YouGov , we interviewed 45,000 Americans online in December 2011 and then interviewed most of them again after the election . Of those voters who described themselves as Republicans or Democrats that December , more than 90 % voted for their party 's candidate . Voters who were undecided in December also tended to vote in line with their underlying partisan loyalties . The same party loyalty has increasingly carried over into congressional elections as well . This is one reason why split-ticket voting has dropped so precipitously in the last 40 years . Some maintain that the 2012 election inaugurated an "  Obama realignment " or "  Liberal America . " As we argue in "  The Gamble , " it was always unlikely that the election signaled Democratic or liberal ascendance . In reality , Obama won despite a sharp conservative turn in public opinion and despite being perceived as ideologically further from the average voter than Romney was . The election mainly signaled just how narrowly divided the country is . Heading into 2014 , a set of cross-currents seems likely to maintain this partisan balance . Republicans have more seats to defend in the House , and history shows that the larger a party 's majority , the more seats the party is likely to lose . On top of that , the dismal marks that Americans give to Congress tend to hurt the majority party in the House most . But the Democrats face their own challenges . Two key fundamentals in both presidential and midterm elections are the economy and presidential approval . At the moment , the economy is growing only slowly , and approval of Obama has dropped 8 points since January . Both factors could end up hurting congressional Democrats . Moreover , in the Senate the Democrats must try to hold seats in Republican-leaning states like Alaska , Arkansas , Montana , New Hampshire and Louisiana . When you put these factors together , Republicans are currently forecast to gain a small number of seats in both chambers , although this could be enough to give them a narrow majority in the Senate . Is the shutdown likely to change this dynamic and strengthen Obama 's hand against Republicans ? Probably not . Although the last big shutdown battle in 1995-96 did no favors for Newt Gingrich and House Republicans , it did not necessarily help Clinton in the eyes of voters -- contrary to the conventional wisdom today . Clinton 's approval was no higher immediately after the two shutdowns than before , and it is unclear whether the increase in his approval later in 1996 stemmed from the shutdown itself . Moreover , this time Americans seem willing to spread the blame for the shutdown . They are only slightly less likely to say they will blame Obama and the Democrats than blame Republicans . Indeed , during the last big debt ceiling fight with the GOP -- in summer 2011 -- Obama 's approval rating dropped 5 points . None of this is to say that the shutdown ca n't damage Republicans , too . If the conservative faction of the party continues to drive policy , the dwindling , but vital , number of Republican moderates may find themselves electorally vulnerable . Political science research shows that being more ideologically extreme or partisan than their district can hurt members of Congress at the ballot box . John Boehner has to find a way to protect moderates -- some of whom are clearly chafing -- and placate conservatives at the same time . Ultimately , the 2014 election seems likely to give us more of the slow grind of divided government . This will continue to hamstring both parties and frustrate Americans ready for an end to gridlock .	Authors : Some midterm elections are like tidal waves that remix the Washington scene Democrats had their wave in 2006 , Republicans in 2010 , they say But radical change in Washington from 2014 election may not happen , they say Authors : Government shutdown is n't likely to change the outcome
CNN  Are you a boxing fan ? Fancy the best seats in the house for Saturday night 's showdown in Las Vegas between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ? Got a spare $ 361,894 for a couple of tickets ? No ? Ah , well then you might have a problem . Yes , while most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out , there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money . A ticket at ringside will cost you $ 180,000 -- a knockout price which might have you seeing stars . As of lunchtime Friday , the most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website , was retailing for a mammoth $ 128,705 but has since skyrocketed . Tickets were released last Thursday , just eight days before one of the biggest fights in history after legal wrangling between the two camps . However only around 1,000 were available to the general public , the rest of the estimated 16,500 tickets split between the fighters ' camps and the casino as well as promoters and sponsors . Not long after some were made available on resale websites at a mark up that could only be dreamed about even by the sharpest financial trader . Those at the lower end of the eye-watering scale -- priced between $ 1,500 and $ 7,500 -- were snapped up in a matter of minutes . The cheapest priced ticket being offered on StubHub as of Monday is $ 4,600 with that seat right at the back of the MGM Grand arena. , "  We 've never seen anything like this in boxing , and I do n't think in any sporting event , " Bob Arum , Pacquiao 's promoter , told CNN , . And Arum is n't worried that the steep prices would keep fans away . "  The 1 % has so much money , they do n't know how to spend it . Whether it 's yachts , paintings or tickets to a fight , money means nothing , " he said . "  There was a craze for tickets and under our agreement with Mayweather Promotions , we felt we were being deprived of our fair share of the tickets  from  the standpoint of number and location . "  It was very , very important to my fighter Manny Pacquiao , to the Philippines people ... Manny has friends and family like you ca n't believe -- that will be in account for 800 or 900 tickets themselves . "	Tickets for Mayweather v Pacquiao on sale online for $ 180,000 Majority of the 1,000 tickets for the general public snapped up within minutes The fight in Las Vegas on May 2 is one of the biggest in the sport 's history
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A nonprofit consumer group said Thursday that it will sue Bayer HealthCare , alleging "  deceptive and irresponsible " advertising that contends selenium in two of its multivitamins may reduce men 's risk of prostate cancer . One A Day Men 's 50 + Advantage ads say selenium may cut men 's risk of prostate cancer , a consumer group says . The Center for Science in the Public Interest said it informed the multinational company of its intent Thursday . David Schardt , the center 's senior nutritionist , told reporters during a teleconference that the center already has filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission . "  We are standing behind all the claims we make in support of the products , " Trish McKernan , Bayer 's global spokeswoman , told CNN . "  The selenium claims are made by a -LSB- Food and Drug Administration -RSB- - approved qualified health claim . We regularly review the evidence , and we change our claims if necessitated . The emerging science has n't compelled us to change our claims , and the FDA claim is intact . " Bayer 's HealthCare division , based in Leverkusen , Germany , researches , manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products . Bayer promotes One A Day Men 's 50 + Advantage and One A Day Men 's Health Formula multivitamins on package labels , TV and radio ads and on its Web site . In its promotions , the company says "  emerging research " suggests that selenium might reduce the risk of prostate cancer , the center said . "  Did you know that there are more new cases of prostate cancer each year than any other cancer ? " according to one radio ad . "  Now there is something you can do . " Both dietary supplements contain 105 micrograms of the trace mineral selenium per daily dose , or about twice the Recommended Daily Allowance , which is 55 micrograms a day for adults , according to the center . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living "  It 's astounding that a company such as Bayer ... would make such deceptive claims , " the center 's litigation director , Steve Gardner , told reporters during the same teleconference . Supporting the center in its letter of complaint to the FTC are nine researchers , who wrote a separate letter to Mary Engle , associate director of advertising practices . Among the signees are medical professionals from the Harvard School of Public Health , American Cancer Society and University of Illinois at Chicago Division of Pathology Research . All agree there is scant evidence to support Bayer 's claim . A seven-year , $ 118 million study funded by the National Institutes of Health found last year that selenium does not prevent prostate cancer in healthy men , the center said . The Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial involving 35,000 U.S. and Canadian men was halted in October when researchers determined that selenium was not protecting the men from prostate cancer and may have been causing diabetes in some of them . According to the researchers in their letter supporting the FTC 's complaint , "  the federally financed study was the largest individually , randomized cancer prevention trial ever conducted , and , given its high rates of adherence and its statistical power , it is unlikely to have missed detecting a benefit of even a very modest size . " "  Bayer Healthcare is doing a disservice to men by misleading them about a protective role for selenium in prostate cancer , " they added . CNN 's Ann Curley contributed to this report .	Center for Science in the Public Interest plans to sue Bayer HealthCare Group says claims that ingredient in men 's vitamins may cut cancer risk are false Bayer spokeswoman : "  We are standing behind all the claims " NIH : Selenium does not prevent prostate cancer in healthy men
CNN  A teenage Australian jihadist suspected of having carried out an ISIS suicide attack developed a hatred for the West over the Afghanistan and Iraq wars , before settling on radical Islam as a vehicle for "  violent global revolution , " according to his purported blog . Jake Bilardi , an 18-year-old student from Melbourne , appears to have documented his path to radicalization and his experiences in ISIS-held territory in a blog , titled "  From the eyes of a Mujahir : An Australian Mujahir in the land of the Khilafah . " The blog has been deleted , but a cached version remains available online . CNN could not independently verify the blog 's authenticity , but the biographical details detailed on the blog match Bilardi 's . One of the final posts on the blog , which is credited to "  Abu Abdullah al-Australi , " purports to have been posted on January 13 , as the author was "  preparing to sacrifice my life for Islam in Ramadi . " The Australian government said Wednesday it was working to confirm reports that Bilardi had carried out a suicide attack on behalf of ISIS , after the terror group claimed an "  Abu Abdullah al-Australi " had been killed in a car bombing during an offensive in the city of Ramadi . The claims were made along with a picture that appeared to be of Bilardi , referred to as "  Abu Abdullah al-Australi , " apparently prior to carrying out the mission . The blogger describes having a "  very comfortable " upbringing as the youngest of six in the Melbourne suburbs , where he was raised an atheist , excelled in his studies and "  dreamed of becoming a political journalist . " He describes how his older siblings educated him on various subjects , and how his brother 's instruction on international politics held a special resonance for him , particularly after the September 11 attacks . "  Being just five years old at the time of the attacks ... my knowledge of the operation was basically non-existent . Despite this , I was immediately drawn to the topics of al Qaeda and ` Islamic terrorism ' , " he wrote . "  It was from here that my research into al Qaeda ... and groups with similar ideologies worldwide began . I spent every day researching online and reading the books I had begun collecting . " The blogger writes that it was his reading on the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and abuses committed by occupying forces , "  that gave birth to my disdain for the United States and its allies , including Australia . It was also the start of my respect for the mujahideen that would only grow to develop into a love of Islam and ultimately bring me here to the Islamic State . " Eventually , he wrote , he came to view democracy as "  nothing but a system of lies and deception , " one which "  focuses heavily on providing the people with so-called freedom " but "  throws celebrities and false reality into the spotlight to distract the people from what is really going on in the world . " The wars "  signaled the beginning of my complete hatred and opposition to the entire system Australia and the majority of the world was based upon , " he wrote . "  It was also the moment I realised that violent global revolution was necessary to eliminate this system of governance and that ... I would likely be killed in this struggle . " While the blogger said he had come to the conclusion that democracy was "  something that can only and must be destroyed by violent revolution , " he wrote , he "  was never quite sure " what should replace it . "  Socialism ? Communism ?? Nazism ??? " he wrote . Eventually , as his interest in jihadist groups deepened at about the time of the Arab Spring , he settled on Islam . "  It was Islam that for me stood out as easy to understand and was shockingly consistent with established historical and scientific facts , " he wrote . Following a stretch in which he turned his back on his growing extremist beliefs , which he described as "  one of the most shameful periods of my life , " the blogger wrote that he began to try to find a contact to help him join Jabhat al-Nusra or Ahrar al-Sham , two Islamist groups fighting in Syria . His attempts were unsuccessful . While he had initially rejected ISIS after "  falling for the many lies being spread against them , " he wrote that he began speaking to their members online , and , after witnessing their military successes , developed a desire to join the group . Eventually , he managed to find a contact who promised to get him into ISIS territory . Worried that his plot to leave Australia might be foiled by authorities , the blogger wrote that he developed his "  Plan B , " collecting materials for what he envisaged as a "  string of bombings across Melbourne , targeting foreign consulates and political/military targets as well as grenade and knife attacks on shopping centers and cafes and culminating with myself detonating a belt of explosives amongst the kuffar . " Victoria police confirmed Wednesday that chemicals that could be used to make an explosive device had been found in a search of his family 's home in the Melbourne suburb of Craigieburn . The blogger wrote that he abandoned his plans for an attack in Melbourne after realizing that buying bomb-making chemicals could draw the attention of authorities and ruin his bid to join ISIS . He did not reveal how he had been able to enter ISIS territory , but said that on entering the ISIS-held Syrian city of Jarablus , he "  felt a joy I had never experienced before . " In another blog post , entitled "  Being white in the Islamic State : The abolition of racism " he wrote approvingly that the "  Islamic State has been successful in eliminating racism and in building the world 's only true multi-ethnic state . " He said he signed up for a "  martyrdom operation , " or suicide attack , in Baiji , Iraq , which failed , before registering to undertake another in Ramadi , where he was "  waiting for my turn to stand before Allah . " Clarke Jones , an expert on radicalization at the Australian National University , said that Bilardi "  blew away the profile of what most people think of when they think of people who are going to support the Islamic State . " White and middle class , reportedly bullied at school and vulnerable following the loss of his mother to cancer , he more easily fit the profile of a school shooter than an Islamic terrorist , he said . "  What it does show us is that there are a whole range of profiles , " he said . Bilardi 's aunt has linked the teen 's troubles to the loss of his mother , while a former classmate at Melbourne 's Craigieburn Secondary College described him as shy . Jones said Bilardi 's case was also notable in that he did not appear to have been "  groomed " by terror recruiters -- indeed , he wrote of initially struggling to make contacts among Islamic extremists -- and had radicalized himself through his own readings . "  The PM here said Jake was brainwashed -- I do n't think he was brainwashed . He was very calculated in what he did and documented it quite clearly , " said Jones . In one of the blog posts , the blogger says that the warm welcome he and other foreign fighters had received in the Islamic State disproved "  the Australian government 's laughable claim that we are used as ` cannon fodder ' . " But Jones said his Bilardi 's ultimate fate in a suicide mission was typical for foreign fighters in his position . He believed that in knowingly signing up for this fate , on two separate occasions , Bilardi had been seeking the kind of recognition and achievement that , as a vulnerable teen , he had been denied at home . "  He wanted that ` religious prize ' , " he said . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	An Australian teen suspected of an ISIS suicide bombing left behind a purported blog It traces his path to radicalization , seeking to destroy the democratic West before finding Islam Police say he planned attacks in his hometown of Melbourne before abandoning the plot
CNN  -- The leadership of North Korea appeared to pass to a third generation of the Kim family Monday after the weekend death of Kim Jong Il , who ruled the reclusive Stalinist state since 1994 . The man known as the "  dear leader " died of a heart attack Saturday at age 69 , state news outlets announced Monday . The ruling Worker 's Party declared the youngest of his three sons , Kim Jong Un , the "  great successor " to his father 's mantle . Kim Jong Il had led North Korea since his father -- the nation 's founder , Kim Il Sung -- died at age 82 . During his 17 years in power , the country suffered a devastating famine even as it built up its million-strong army , expanded its arsenal of ballistic missiles and became the world 's eighth declared nuclear power . News of his death spurred South Korea , which remains technically at war with the North more than five decades after their 1950-53 conflict , to put its military on high alert . But across one of the world 's most heavily fortified borders , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak told his citizens "  to go about their lives " in the meantime . "  For the sake of the future of the Republic of Korea , peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula is more important than anything else . It should not be threatened by what has happened , " he said . And Kim Young-mok , the South Korean consul in New York , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that Seoul 's top priority is to avoid "  anything troublesome . " "  I do n't think that North Korea can afford some provocation at this point , but we must make sure that everything is OK , " he said . North Korea tested nuclear weapons in 2006 and 2009 . Monday , it fired a short-range missile over the East Sea -- but Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told CNN that U.S. officials have seen no sign of any movement of North Korean forces across the Demilitarized Zone that separates the North and South . North Korean officers had reported plans for its missile test to the commission that monitors the 1953 armistice , Dempsey said during a trip to Germany . He said no heightened alert has been issued for the nearly 30,000 American troops in South Korea , which has a mutual-defense pact with the United States . In Washington , the White House said it was monitoring developments and hoped to see the North "  take steps to assure the peace and prosperity of its people , " as White House spokesman Jay Carney put it . "  Our focus is on coordinating closely with our allies and partners , " he said . "  We have reaffirmed our unwavering commitment to the stability of the Korean Peninsula and the security of our allies , South Korea and Japan . " And after a meeting with Japan 's Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that Washington has been in "  close touch " with the other countries involved in the six-party North Korean nuclear talks , including Russia and China . "  We reiterate our hope for improved relations with the people of North Korea , and remain deeply concerned about their well being , " she said . A look back at the life of Kim Jong Il Carney said President Barack Obama was notified of Kim 's death by his chief of staff about 10:30 p.m. Sunday . "  I believe it was established in news reports that the North Koreans made that announcement , " Carney said . On North Korea 's state television network , a tearful anchor broke the news Monday morning . The news was followed by scenes of similarly emotional residents of the capital Pyongyang . "  My leader , what will we do ? It 's too much ! It 's too much ! " one person sobbed . "  Leader , please come back . ... You can not leave us . We will always wait for you , leader . " The network said Kim died of "  overwork " while "  dedicating his life to the people . " And the official news agency KCNA said Kim suffered "  great mental and physical strain " while on a train . Kim enjoyed a cult-like status in the nation , with millions schooled to accept him as a divine and benevolent father figure . Laura Ling , one of two American journalists arrested after entering North Korea in March 2009 and sentenced to 12 years hard labor before being released in August 2009 following intervention by former President Bill Clinton , told CNN 's "  AC360 " Monday that she was allowed to watch television while in custody . Nearly every broadcast featured images of Kim as an "  otherwordly figure , " she said , recalling her guards were "  moved to tears watching their ` Dear Leader , ' and they talked about how much he was doing  for the people .  " The guards said Kim 's health was failing because he worked so hard for North Koreans , she said . Her sister , Lisa Ling , filmed a documentary in North Korea while posing as part of a medical team that performed eye surgeries . In a clip from the documentary , a young girl 's bandages are removed and she could see for the first time . "  It 's all because of the Great General , " her jubilant father exclaims . "  We must bow to our Great General for this . " There was no independent confirmation of the circumstances reported by the government , which routinely touted the military , technological and artistic genius of the "  dear leader " -- even claiming he shot 11 holes in one in his first golf outing . But he had appeared frail in his last public appearances , and speculation about his health had persisted for some time . KCNA acknowledged that Kim had been treated for "  cardiac and cerebrovascular diseases for a long period . " He suffered a heart attack on Saturday and could n't be saved despite the use of "  every possible first-aid measure , " according to the agency . In Washington , the White House said Obama spoke with Lee on Monday morning . The two leaders agreed to stay in "  close touch as the situation develops , " it said . Several of North Korea 's neighbors , including Japan , the Philippines and leading ally China , offered condolences to the North Korean people on Kim 's death . Chinese President Hu Jintao visited the North Korean embassy in Beijing Tuesday to offer condolences , according to the Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua . Monday night , Secretary of State Clinton issued a statement acknowledging the "  period of national mourning " in North Korea . "  We are deeply concerned with the well being of the North Korean people and our thoughts and prayers are with them during these difficult times , " the statement said . "  It is our hope that the new leadership of the  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  will choose to guide their nation onto the path of peace by honoring North Korea 's commitments , improving relations with its neighbors and respecting the rights of its people , " Clinton said . "  The United States stands ready to help the North Korean people and urges the new leadership to work with the international community to usher in a new era of peace , prosperity and lasting security on the Korean Peninsula . " Earlier , Christopher Hill , a former U.S. diplomat who led U.S. delegation in nuclear talks with North Korea , said any American statement would require a certain finesse . "  I 'd be very careful about issuing condolences on the death of someone who 's really been part and parcel of one of the most tyrannical regimes in the world , " Hill told CNN . "  On the other hand , I think something can be done that will show some sympathy to the North Koreans . " This Just In : Up-to-the minute news on the death of Kim Jong Il The deceased leader 's body will remain for a week at the Kumsusan Memorial Palace in Pyongyang , where his father is also interred . Memorial services will follow on December 28 and 29 . Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who has visited North Korea eight times , said his initial reaction to Kim 's death was "  extreme concern . " He said he is more concerned about stability in the region now than before Kim 's death . "  The peninsula is a tinderbox , " said Richardson , who has brokered diplomatic deals in the North . "  The issue is , will there be stability in the North Korean leadership ? Will they continue their recent efforts of engaging South Korea and the United States over food aid , over nuclear talks ? " Richardson said South Korea was right to go on alert -- "  but I think now 's the time to just lie low , watch things as they develop . " iReport : Send us your reaction During Kim 's tenure , the North was largely closed off to outside influences and fearful of threats from its neighbors . At the same time , it also sought international aid after extensive famines contributed to the deaths of at least 250,000 people , according to the North Korean government . Outside analysts suggested the toll could have been 10 times higher . Both North Korea and South Korea have shown signs of concession in recent years . But relations between the two rival nations soured yet again when the South accused the North of launching an attack on the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . And South Korea says a North Korean torpedo attack was to blame for the 2010 sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan , which left 46 Southern sailors dead . The North has denied the accusation . Now the question is what path his untested son , believed to be either 27 or 28 , will take the country . He was educated in Switzerland as a boy , and named a four-star general in 2010 . "  We really do n't know substantively where he stands on anything , " said Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the U.S.-China Institute . Kim Young-mok said the North has built up its military and pursued a nuclear bomb "  while children are starving . " "  This causes a lot of human disasters , " he said . "  So what worries me is not this Kim Jong Un 's personality , but the priority of the North Korean leadership . " After the Cheonan incident , then-U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he feared the younger Kim may have needed to "  earn his stripes " with Pyongyang 's military establishment by launching further provocations . And Hill said while the "  great successor " is "  definitely not ready for prime time , " he is unlikely to take major steps before consolidating his power . "  I think we 're kind of shifting , at least for the time being , to a sort of military junta , " he said , adding , "  I would expect that they will try to show a maximum of stability as they go through what 's obviously going to be a very difficult and dicey time for them . " CNN 's Jiyeon Lee , Barbara Starr , Alina Cho and Madison Park contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States "  stands ready to help the North Korean people , " Clinton says Kim Jong Il died of a heart attack while on a train , KCNA says The ruling Workers ' Party dubs his son Kim Jong Un "  the great successor " The U.S. sees no sign of movement across the DMZ , general says
CNN  -- George Clooney sees no reason to keep his upcoming nuptials hush-hush . At a celebrity charity event in Tuscany , Italy over the weekend , the 53-year-old actor spilled a few details about his impending marriage to British human rights attorney Amal Alamuddin . According to People magazine , Clooney was receiving a humanitarian award at the black-tie gala , and said during his acceptance speech , "  I met my lovely bride-to-be here in Italy , whom I will be marrying , in a couple of weeks , in Venice , of all places . " The actor was of course accompanied at the soiree , called Celebrity Fight Night , by his 36-year-old fiancee . With Clooney 's documented penchant for pranks , it 'll be interesting to see whether he was telling the truth about his wedding plans -- or perhaps just playing a joke on any eager paparazzi . Since the couple became engaged in the spring , they 've been largely protective of their relationship . When a Daily Mail report claimed that Clooney and his future mother-in-law were at odds , Clooney blasted the publication with a first-person piece in USA Today , and then refused to accept the Daily Mail 's subsequent apology .	George Clooney let a few wedding details slip over the weekend The actor revealed he 'll marry Amal Alamuddin in Venice , Italy , in a few weeks The couple became engaged in the spring
CNN  -- A missing University of Florida student 's backpack was found at the residence of a suspect , whose car tested positive for blood , Gainesville police said Saturday . The developments came as authorities continued searching for Christian Aguilar , 18 , last seen September 20 . At a court hearing Saturday , a judge denied bail for Pedro Bravo , 18 , charged with first-degree murder in Aguilar 's apparent death . Aguilar 's backpack was found hidden inside a suitcase in Bravo 's closet , police spokesman Officer Ben Tobias said in a statement explaining what led authorities to charge Bravo with murder . Blood found in several locations in Bravo 's vehicle will undergo an expedited analysis and be compared against known DNA samples of Aguilar , Tobias said . Bravo changed his account of what happened "  after being confronted with evidence that disputed his initial statements , " Tobias said Saturday . Bravo had told investigators he got into "  an altercation with Aguilar " the night the college student went missing , police said . The suspect then left Aguilar in a parking lot in the central Florida city , prompting police to warn that Aguilar may be disoriented and/or seriously injured . Aguilar 's father told CNN affiliate WCJB that his son disappeared after a fight over a girl . After talking with police a day after his disappearance , Bravo was held for mental examination after threatening to harm or kill himself . He was later charged with depriving a victim of medical care , a third-degree felony , and was in custody at the time he was charged with murder , according to Tobias . Scientists have confirmed lime rock residue was found on Bravo 's vehicle , police said Saturday . "  We believe that Christian Aguilar may be located near areas of lime rock , " Tobias said . The police spokesman previously said , "  we would ... encourage property owners , residential or business , who may have lime rock roads on their property , that were accessible to the general public , to search those properties for any suspicious areas of ground that appear to have been disturbed , " Tobias said . "  We are also requesting information from anyone who may have seen a suspicious vehicle , likened to a Blue Chevy Blazer , in any remote areas on the night of Thursday , September 20 . " Authorities have used helicopters and K-9 units to search for Aguilar , to no avail . His relatives have plastered the area with fliers , taken to Twitter to generate leads and invited a nonprofit search group to help look for him alongside family members and police . Bravo 's lawyer said his family initially volunteered to help in the search , only to be politely turned down by the victim 's relatives . Gov. Rick Scott was to join the search Saturday in a wooded area in Gainesville , his office said . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Blood found in suspect 's vehicle , police say NEW : Student 's backpack found at suspect 's home , police say Christian Aguilar , 18 , was last seen September 20 in Gainesville , Florida Pedro Bravo , also 18 , is charged with murder
CNN  -- A small plane crashed while trying to land at the Aspen , Colorado , airport Sunday , killing the co-pilot and injuring two others aboard , said Alex Burchetta with the Pitkin County Sheriff 's Office . Witnesses described a fiery scene as the plane flipped over and became engulfed in flames . Photos showed the plane upside down on the tarmac , its fuselage charred . The pilot of the twin-engine jet earlier reported high winds during a previous attempt to land , according to a recording of the air traffic control radio transmission obtained by CNN through Flightaware , a flight-tracking website . "  Missed approach , N115WF. 33 knots of tail wind , " the pilot is heard saying a few minutes before the crash . The deceased co-pilot was identified by Burchetta as 54-year-old Sergio Carranza Brabata of Mexico . Pitkin County Coroner Dr. J. Steven Ayers listed the preliminary cause of death as blunt force trauma . The injured -- the pilot and another co-pilot flying as a passenger -- were transported to a local hospital with "  moderate to severe injuries " as a result of the impact of the crash , Burchetta said . Aspen Valley Hospital spokeswoman Ginny Dyche told CNN the men would be transferred to another facility in Colorado to receive a higher level of treatment . The National Transportation Safety Board sent a team of investigators to the scene to begin the crash probe , NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson told CNN Sunday . Two celebrities , who were at the small airport in the Aspen ski resort area , posted Twitter messages saying they witnessed the crash . "  So sad ! Horrible plane crash we just saw happen at the Aspen airport , " singer LeAnn Rimes tweeted . Comedian Kevin Nealon tweeted : "  Horrible plane crash here at Aspen airport . Exploded into flames as it was landing . I think it was a private jet . Fire truck and ambulances were on the scene within minutes . " Burchetta said the cause of the crash is under investigation . "  Right now , we have no indication that there was anything wrong prior to landing , " Burchetta said . FAA spokesman Allen Kenitzer said the Bombardier Challenger 600 that was coming from Tucson , Arizona . The plane originated from Toluca , Mexico , roughly 40 miles west of Mexico City , according to Flightaware . The Aspen airport is known as a challenging place for pilots to land because of the mountains that surround the runway . The airport tarmac is often filled with private planes owned or chartered by the wealthy and famous who own vacation homes in the mountain resort community . "  Airport is closed now , " Nealon tweeted . "  I think I 'll drive back to LA after seeing that . " Small plane makes forced landing on Bronx highway Pilot concerned about landing Asiana jet before crash CNN 's Aaron Cooper , AnneClaire Stapleton , Janet DiGiacomo and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	NEW : Two others aboard were pilot and a co-pilot traveling as a passenger Deceased identified as 54-year-old co-pilot from Mexico Pilot missed first approach due to high winds , according to radio traffic Crashed jet was a Bombardier Challenger 600 coming from Tucson , Arizona
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- An independent commission will be set up to examine Friday 's terror attacks in which at least 76 people died , Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg announced Wednesday . Stoltenberg said he wants the commission to prepare an overview of both the bombing in Oslo , in which eight people died , and the mass shooting on Utoya Island , where 68 people attending a youth political camp lost their lives , and report back to Parliament within a year . He wants the commission to have a high degree of integrity , the prime minister said , and hopes its work will prevent any other such attack . "  Part of the work of the commission will be to look into the whole scale of the attack , " he said . "  We 've never had an attack on this scale since the Second World War , and it was targeted against a youth movement -- it 's an attack against our nation , it 's an attack against our democracy . " He said it is important for all those affected to have answers to all their questions about what happened . A suspect , Anders Behring Breivik , is in custody and has admitted carrying out the bombing and the shootings , his lawyer and a judge have said . He is being held in solitary confinement at Ila Prison , near Oslo , police said Wednesday . Police released the names Wednesday of 13 more of those killed in the twin attacks . Twelve of them died on Utoya Island , and the 13th was killed in the blast targeting government buildings in Oslo . The youngest among those killed on Utoya was 14-year-old Sharidyn Svebakk-Bohn . The other victims there were Silje Merete Fjellbu , 17 ; Hanne Balch Fjalestad , 43 ; Bano Abobakar Rashid , 18 ; Syvert Knudsen , 17 ; Diderik Aamodt Olsen , 19 ; Simon Saebo , 18 ; Synne Royneland , 18 ; Trond Berntsen , 51 ; Birgitte Smetbak , 15 ; Margrethe Boyum Kloven , 16 ; and Even Flugstad Malmedal , 18 . Anne Lise Holter , 51 , was named as having died in the Oslo bombing . Their names take the number of victims formally identified to 17 . Police have said they will post an update at 6 p.m. every day until all the victims have been named . Their families will be notified first . In New York , a bell that was given to Manhattan after the 9/11 attacks rang out in memory of all those killed in Norway as those names were released . The Bell of Hope in the churchyard of lower Manhattan 's St. Paul 's Chapel , a block from ground zero , was sounded by Norwegian Consul Aslaug Nygardat at midday local time , sending out four sets of five somber rings . Meanwhile , police are using a mini-submarine and a specially equipped boat to continue to search waters around Utoya Island , they said Wednesday . They have found personal effects and clothes , they said , adding that the depth of the water and the strength of the currents make it a challenging task . Police and local residents rescued about 300 people who jumped into the waters around the island during the shooting spree , they said Wednesday . Police carried out controlled explosions Tuesday and Wednesday at a farm associated with the suspect , they said . They took samples of bomb-making materials for analysis and detonated the rest because they were considered unstable and unsafe to transport , an Oslo police spokesman told CNN . Stoltenberg said earlier Wednesday that it was too early to look at changes to Norway 's security measures , saying now is a "  time for mourning ... time for caring for those who have lost loved ones . " Norway will look at what it can learn from the tragedy after the police investigation , he said . Stoltenberg said he is proud of the way Norwegians responded to the massacres , with hundreds of thousands rallying in the streets of Oslo on Monday in memory of those killed . He rejected the idea that Norway lost its innocence in the attacks and said he hopes the country will grow stronger in its commitment to its core values . "  It 's absolutely possible to have an open , democratic society and at the same time to have security measures and not to be naive , " he said . Norway 's security forces were aware of the danger of violent attacks and were prepared for them , he added . The country remains tense after the bombing and gun rampage . Police in Oslo shut part of the main train station Wednesday morning because of a suspicious package . They evacuated part of the station before declaring an all-clear later in the morning , state broadcaster NRK reported . And an unnamed police officer sparked a panic by accidentally distributing to some media an internal police memo saying they were searching for a man associated with the terror suspect . Police captured the man , who was not linked to Breivik , said police lawyer Per Thomas Omholt . "  There 's a policeman someplace in Norway today having a bad day , " he added , referring to the internal police memo inadvertently being sent out to the media . On Tuesday , Breivik 's lawyer told reporters that his client was "  a little bit surprised " that he was able to pull off the bombing and shooting rampage , for which authorities say he has claimed responsibility . The attorney , Geir Lippestad , said Breivik was surprised that his plan "  succeeded -- succeeded in his mind . " Lippestad said Breivik did n't expect to reach Utoya . Before the attacks , Breivik used drugs to keep himself strong and awake , Lippestad said . While he said it was too early to say whether Breivik will plead insanity , Lippestad added , "  This whole case indicates that he 's insane . " During a closed court hearing Monday , the 32-year-old suspect said the attacks were necessary to prevent the "  colonization " of Norway by Muslims , said Kim Heger , the presiding judge . Breivik accused the Labour Party of "  treason " for promoting multiculturalism , Heger said . Lippestad said Breivik had told him that he was in touch with two terror cells in Norway and in contact with other cells abroad , but that he acted alone in carrying out the attack on Utoya and the Oslo bombing . Police have said they are investigating the claim that Breivik was in contact with other cells but have not confirmed that they exist . Prosecutors are considering charging Breivik with crimes against humanity , according to police . He is facing terror-related charges that carry a maximum 21-year sentence . Breivik appears to have written a 1,500-page manifesto that rants against Muslims and lays out meticulous plans to prepare for the attacks . In it , the author vilifies Stoltenberg and the Labour Party , accusing it of perpetuating "  cultural Marxist/multiculturalist ideals " and indoctrinating youths with those ideals . The author accuses the Labour Party of embracing those ideals and allowing the "  Islamification of Europe . " CNN has not independently confirmed that Breivik is the author of the manifesto , which bears his name and says it is intended to be circulated among sympathizers . The writer rails against Muslims and their growing presence in Europe , and calls for a European civil war to overthrow governments , end multiculturalism and execute "  cultural Marxists . " CNN 's Jonathan Wald , Nic Robertson , Antonia Mortensen , Laura Smith-Spark , Laura Perez Maestro , Michael Holmes , Jennifer Deaton , Erin McLaughlin and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Anders Breivik is being held in solitary confinement in a prison near Oslo , police say NEW : A bell tolls near Manhattan 's ground zero in memory of the 76 people killed in Norway Police release the names of 13 more victims , the youngest of them just 14 years old PM Jens Stoltenberg says an independent commission will look at the 22 July attacks
CNN  -- More than 1,000 miles away from the jungle where rebels allegedly kidnapped and killed his father , Antonio Caballero is seeking justice . He filed a lawsuit in a Florida court this month , 13 years after the bullet-riddled body of his father -- a former senator and U.N. ambassador -- was found on a dirt road in northern Colombia . In the civil complaint , Caballero -- who now lives in Florida after receiving political asylum in the United States -- says he was forced to flee his home country , abandoning property and businesses , and he wants those responsible to pay . The defendants are two guerrilla groups that have been at war with the Colombian government for decades : the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  and the National Liberation Army  ELN  . Caballero "  has suffered and continues to suffer emotional , psychological and economic damages " since rebel forces kidnapped , tortured and killed his father , the lawsuit says . He alleges that their actions violated Florida racketeering statutes and U.S. federal laws , and that Colombian laws hold the rebel groups liable for wrongful death . He aims to get "  tens of millions of dollars " in damages , the law firm representing him said in a statement . But the money is only part of the battle , attorney Joseph Zumpano said . "  There is a record that needs to be made . ... People should not forget the horrific acts of brutality , " he said . "  They took a person who was one of the most prominent people in the nation and discarded his body on a dirt road . " Antonio Caballero 's father , Carlos Caballero , was a former Colombian senator , political party leader and ambassador to the United Nations . He was 76 years old when he was taken hostage in February 1999 , according to the complaint . The politician was found dead more than six months later , the complaint says , after rebels had demanded a ransom of $ 6 million for his release . During the 184 days that they held him hostage , rebel forces tortured him daily , forcing him to walk through the jungle for hours and depriving him of food and water , according to the complaint . Records from the Colombian government 's human rights observatory also blame rebels for the death . According to the lawsuit , Carlos Caballero was targeted because of his political positions against the rebel groups and because property he owned could be used to facilitate drug production and transport . Although the killing occurred in Colombia , the lawsuit argues that U.S. federal laws -- including the Alien Tort Statute and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act -- give American courts jurisdiction in the case . The lawsuit was filed in Florida 's Miami-Dade County Circuit Court because of the groups ' alleged drug trafficking activities in the state , and because Antonio Caballero lives there now and returning to Colombia to file a claim "  would place his life in extreme peril , " the complaint says . "  He 's under an ongoing threat that forces him to work within our system , " Zumpano said . There has been no comment on the case published on websites that the rebel groups typically use to release information . This is n't the first time Colombian rebels have been tied to lawsuits in the United States . Other lawsuits have been filed against the FARC in federal court , records show -- including a pending 2009 case seeking damages filed by three American contractors who were held hostage by the guerrilla group . That case seeks garnishment of millions of dollars in frozen assets from U.S. bank accounts connected to the FARC . The United States has designated both the FARC and the ELN as foreign terrorist organizations . "  These groups foster violence and instability ... in an attempt to advance their political agendas , and largely finance their operations through the illicit drug trade , " Rodney Benson , chief of intelligence for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , said in congressional testimony last year . The U.S. National Couterterrorism Center describes the FARC as "  Latin America 's oldest , largest , most capable , and best-equipped insurgency of Marxist origin " and notes that it has "  well-documented ties to a range of drug trafficking activities " Tactics include "  bombings , murder , mortar attacks , kidnapping , extortion , and hijacking , as well as guerrilla and conventional military action against Colombian political , military , and economic targets , " the center says . Caballero 's lawsuit comes amid renewed peace talks between the Colombian government and FARC rebels , who have been meeting in Havana , Cuba . Zumpano said Tuesday that the case 's goal "  is not to interject itself in the negotiations , " but he hopes the lawsuit will bring the group 's tactics to light . "  Terrorism is n't just something in the Middle East , " he said . "  It 's alive and well in the Americas as well , and it cost this man his life . "	Son of a former Colombian senator and U.N. ambassador is seeking millions of dollars in damages In a Florida civil case , he is suing Colombian rebel groups he says kidnapped and killed his father Attorney : "  People should not forget the horrific acts of brutality "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- President George W. Bush called India 's prime minister Thursday to push a proposed nuclear partnership that sparked an unsuccessful no-confidence vote against the Indian leader this week , a White House spokesman said . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh won a confidence vote despite opposition to the nuclear deal . "  Both leaders expressed their desire to see the U.S.-India Civil Nuclear issue move forward as expeditiously as possible , " Gordon Johndroe said . The phone call took place two days after Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh narrowly survived the no-confidence vote in the lower house of Parliament . The vote was sparked by concerns from the opposition that India was kowtowing to the U.S. . The tentative deal was announced in 2006 and signed by Bush and Singh a year ago . Under the agreement , which will need to be approved by the U.S. Congress , India would have access to U.S. nuclear fuel and technology for its civilian nuclear power plants . That would happen even though New Delhi , which tested nuclear weapons in 1974 and 1998 , has declined to join international non-proliferation agreements . In return , India has promised that it would not transfer the fuel and equipment to its weapons program , and it would allow the International Atomic Energy Agency to inspect at least 14 of its 22 nuclear plants . The plan would also expand U.S.-Indian cooperation in energy and satellite technology . The plan was approved by India 's Cabinet last year , and does not have to be ratified by the parliament . The leaders of India 's two communist parties -- which hold about 60 seats in Parliament -- have accused Singh of surrendering India 's sovereignty to the United States with the deal . A no-confidence vote would have forced Singh to resign , and required the government to hold early elections unless a new coalition could have been formed . The Congress Party-led coalition has governed India since 2004 . Tuesday 's 275-256 vote was so crucial to the survival of Singh 's government that five members of parliament serving prison sentences were freed to cast votes -- under the watchful eyes of their jailers . Shortly after Singh survived the vote , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino praised the deal as "  a good one for everybody . " "  It 's good for India because it would help provide them a source for energy that they need , one that is nonpolluting and one that does n't emit greenhouse gas emissions , " she said . "  And we think that we can move forward with this . If their legislature lets it move forward , then we can do the same here and then we 'll be able to get this wrapped up . "	President Bush calls India 's PM to push a proposed nuclear partnership Indian government won confidence vote in face of anger over U.S. nuclear deal Five members of parliament serving prison sentences were freed to vote
CNN  -- In a few weeks , South Sudan will turn a year old . It ought to have been a joyous occasion . Instead , the world 's newest nation is coping with a massive humanitarian crisis wrought by fighting between the armed forces of its nemesis to the north and an affiliate rebel movement . The fighting is hardly new . For decades before South Sudan 's independence in July , civil war raged over territory , oil and religion . Now , aid groups warn that another nightmare looms as millions of people are on the move , desperate to flee fighting and find a safer place to live . The United Nations refugee agency said this week that the situation had sharply deteriorated in South Sudan 's Upper Nile state , flooded with refugees crossing the border from Sudan . About 150,000 refugees from Sudan are currently in South Sudan . That presents an enormous logistical challenge for aid agencies . "  This is a dramatic change in an already difficult humanitarian situation , " said Antonio Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . "  Not only are refugee numbers suddenly much higher , but the condition that many of these people are in is shockingly bad , " he said . "  Some have been eating tree leaves to survive along the way . " In a statement issued Wednesday , the United States expressed its concerns over the dire situation in South Sudan . Deputy State Department spokesman Mark Toner urged international partners to join the efforts "  to relieve suffering and assist those affected by the ongoing violence . " The United States government said it "  has stepped up to help prevent further suffering " by providing more than $ 34 million to support the emergency response to new Sudanese refugees in the region The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has appealed for $ 145 million to help resolve and prevent a humanitarian crisis in the region . Enough Project , which works to stop genocide and crimes against humanity and has been monitoring the situation along the Sudanese border , blamed Khartoum for targeting civilians . "  The refugees are pouring into South Sudan because the government of neighboring Sudan is using starvation as a weapon in its South Kordofan and Blue Nile regions , " said John Prendergast , co-founder of Enough Project . In temporary refugee camps , people are living in wretched conditions , say international charities working in the area , Jean-Marc Jacobs , head of the Medecins Sans Frontieres mission in South Sudan , described the transit camp of Rim as a remote and inhospitable place where people are seeking shelter under the shade of trees . "  People have walked for several days with no food and no water , " he said . The agency has been running a substantial emergency medical operation for the refugees in Upper Nile State . This week , Medecins Sans Frontieres called on the United Nations to identify a suitable place for more than 30,000 refugees who have crossed the border from Sudan 's Blue Nile State into South Sudan 's Upper Nile State over the past two weeks . Many are hungry and face other dire problems like not having access to clean water and proper sanitation . But it 's not just refugees who are suffering . "  The ones who are strong enough to make the long trek to the border do so ; the ones left behind face a bleak future , " Prendergast said . Another monitoring group , Amnesty International , visited eight refugee camps between March and April and found people in some instances waiting 10 hours to receive a single container of water or three weeks for food rations . Amnesty International also documented human rights abuses . People "  faced risks such as forced recruitment into armed groups and sexual violence , in addition to food and water shortages , " the group said . Women and girls spoke of their fear of rape and sexual violence . In refugee camps in Upper Nile State , Amnesty received reports of "  boys and young men being forcefully recruited into the armed opposition group , the Sudan Peoples Liberation Movement-North . " "  We can run away from bombs but not from hunger , " one refugee told Amnesty International . Amnesty urged the United Nations to accelerate efforts to feed people and to make sure protective measures are in place for the vulnerable . Despite the bleak reality in South Sudan , many of its people are eager to return home . This week , the International Organization for Migration relocated more than 6,000 South Sudanese from Khartoum to Juba . The operation between the two capitals took more than 11 days and about 40 flights . The majority of the returnees were previously stranded in Kosti , 300 kilometers  186 miles  south of Khartoum . It 's not even 1 year old , and South Sudan is facing myriad problems , Prendergast said , "  The cutoff of oil production , state corruption and a state of near-war with Sudan have created massive hardships among the civilian population in South Sudan , " he said . He said it was imperative for the United Nations Security Council to make good on its threat to impose sanctions -- on Sudan and on South Sudan -- if they continue to impede progress toward a lasting peace deal and an end to the fighting . The challenges are many . Still , South Sudanese are optimistic about their return . "  I left South Sudan in 1951 , when I was just a boy , " Amol Jok Ajak Deng told the International Organization for Migration . "  I return as an old man , but I am strong , and I am willing to work . " CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. says it has contributed $ 34 million to help refugees South Sudan will mark its first anniversary amid a worsening refugee crisis About 150,000 refugees from Sudan have crossed the border Medecins Sans Frontieres describes horrific living conditions in the camps
CNN  -- A pregnant leukemia patient , whose life was at risk because anti-abortion laws in the Dominican Republic prevented doctors from treating her , has started receiving chemotherapy , officials said Thursday . The 16-year-old started chemotherapy treatment in the country 's capital late Tuesday night , hospital officials said . The patient , whose identity has not been released because she 's a minor and because of the hospital 's privacy policy , is 10 weeks pregnant . Doctors were hesitant to give her chemotherapy because such treatment could terminate the pregnancy -- a violation of the Dominican Constitution , which bans abortion . Dr. Antonio Cabrera , legal representative for the Medical Center for Teachers  known by its Spanish acronym SEMMA  confirmed the news Thursday . "  The patient is receiving chemotherapy , " Cabrera said . "  And the hospital is following the appropriate medical protocol in this case . " Doctors at SEMMA started evaluating the teen for chemotherapy last week , pending an official decision on whether they could proceed with the treatment . Turkish women rally against plans to restrict access to abortion Representatives from the Dominican Ministry of Health , the Dominican Medical College , the hospital and the girl 's family talked for several days about how to proceed . A decision was made early this week , Cabrera said . "  She 's a very special patient , " Cabrera said . "  She 's a minor , she suffers from leukemia and is 10 weeks pregnant . All three factors were considered in making the decision to proceed with the chemotherapy treatment . " Dr. Amarilis Herrera , president of the Dominican Medical College , said that she and representatives from her institution met with doctors at the hospital on July 18 to evaluate the case and work together to find a solution . In a statement , Herrera said that "  bone marrow tests were sent for analysis to the United States  in order to find  the best therapeutic treatment . " Both the college and the Ministry of Health favored proceeding with the treatment . The case has sparked renewed debate over abortion in the Dominican Republic , with some lawmakers calling on officials to reconsider the abortion ban . Earlier this week , Rosa Hernandez , the girl 's mother , said she had been trying to convince doctors and the Dominican government to make an exception so that her daughter 's life could be saved . "  My daughter 's life is first . I know that  abortion  is a sin and that it goes against the law ... but my daughter 's health is first , " Hernandez said . According to Article 37 of the Dominican Constitution , "  the right to life is inviolable from the moment of conception and until death . " Dominican courts have interpreted this as a strict mandate against abortion . Article 37 , passed in 2009 , also abolished the death penalty . Cabrera , the hospital  s legal representative and also a doctor , said doctors will monitor the condition of the girl and the fetus constantly during the chemotherapy treatment . "  We 're clinging to science and God , " Cabrera said . Activists allege forced abortions , sterilizations in China Journalist Diulka Perez contributed to this report .	Hospital officials say treatment began after days of discussions Chemotherapy for the girl 's illness could terminate her pregnancy The Dominican Republic 's constitution forbids abortion The incident has sparked a renewed debate on abortion laws in the country
BURBANK , California  CNN  -- Jay Leno ended his 17-year reign as the host of "  The Tonight Show " Friday with the children of people who met and started families while working at the long-running late-night show during his tenure , according to audience members who attended the taping . Jay Leno stands with the children of people who met and started families while working on the show . "  Jay said that 's what he wanted his legacy to be , " said Kevin Anthony of Miami , Florida . "  His staff members , from stage managers to runners , who met , got married and had kids joined Jay on the stage and he took a picture with the 70 kids of those parents . " "  Jay also thanked his wife , " said Kathy Young of Los Angeles , "  Jay said , when these kids are asked what was the ` Tonight Show ' about , I want them to say , my parents met while working on the show and they had me . And that 's what the ` Tonight Show ' was all about . " Others in the audience said the show was about celebration . "  It was amazing , " said Justin Herring from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . "  It was a celebration more than emotional , " he said . "  It did n't feel like a last show , more like a transition . " Rosa Moore from Denver , Colorado , said Leno became teary-eyed when James Taylor sang "  Sweet Baby James . " "  When James Taylor sang the line , ` I 'm 10 miles from Boston with a thousand miles more to go , ' Jay wiped his eye , " said Moore . "  Jay explained that when he left Boston for Los Angeles , he was just outside of Boston when he heard that line and it gave him the courage to keep going , " she said . "  It 's like the song is Jay 's personal soundtrack . " Leno will be back in the fall with a new prime time show , and he 's taking most of his staff with him . The new show will have some of the same elements as "  The Tonight Show " but with some new features . Conan O'Brien , Leno 's first guest Friday night , will be taking over "  The Tonight Show " hosting duties beginning Monday .	Leno brings out kids of those who met , married while working on his show Audience members say show also includes song by James Taylor Conan O'Brien , Leno 's first guest , takes over show Monday Leno moves to prime time in the fall
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A man who allegedly set off a small bomb at a Starbucks coffee shop was arrested after he made the mistake of bragging about his exploit to friends , police said Wednesday . An NYPD officer stands guard outside a Starbucks where a bomb went off on Memorial Day . New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly told reporters that Kyle Shaw , 17 , was arrested Tuesday night at his Manhattan apartment after a police investigation revealed that he bragged to his friends about planting the explosive outside an Upper East Side Starbucks on May 25 . Shaw allegedly told his friends prior to the explosion that "  Project Mayhem " was about to begin , Kelly said , and that they should watch the news on Memorial Day . Shaw was a fan of the movie "  Fight Club " and imitated Brad Pitt 's character from the film , the police commissioner said -- although he apparently failed to adhere to Pitt 's famous line in the film : "  The first rule of Fight Club is , you do not talk about Fight Club . " The movie , released in 1999 , also includes a scene in which a Starbucks is destroyed . Kelly said there is no evidence at this time to suggest that Shaw was behind other recent small explosions in the city , such as the bombings at the Times Square Army recruiting center and the Mexican consulate . Shaw made the small explosive out of a plastic bottle , firework powder , a metal cap and electrical tape , Kelly said . The blast , at 3:30 a.m. on Memorial Day , damaged a nearby bench and shattered the store 's windows , the commissioner said . No one was injured in the explosion , but the bomb was powerful enough to have caused serious injuries if anyone had been nearby , Kelly said . Shaw has been charged with arson , criminal possession of a weapon and criminal mischief , he added .	Police : Suspect , 17 , wanted to launch "  Project Mayhem " with bomb Suspect is fan of Brad Pitt film "  Fight Club ' Memorial Day blast damaged a bench outside a Manhattan Starbucks
London  CNN  -- The chief executive of Barclays , one of the world 's largest banks , resigned Tuesday in the wake of a scandal , the bank announced . Bob Diamond 's resignation is effective immediately , the bank said . Diamond has long been a controversial figure , and has been a vocal backer of huge bonuses for bankers . "  It 's about pay for performance , " he told CNN earlier this year , calling bonuses "  rewards for success . " The bank announced the resignation of Chief Operating Officer Jerry del Missier hours after Diamond 's . Chairman Marcus Agius resigned on Monday , but in the wake of Diamond 's resignation , Agius returned as chief executive on Tuesday . Barclay 's reputation has been hammered by a scandal involving the rates at which banks lend each other money , known as Libor . That rate affects how much interest ordinary people pay on everything from credit card debt to home mortgages and student loans . Former investment banker Ralph Silva says that is why the scandal has caused such fury . "  If they 're manipulating Libor , what they 're basically doing is taking money out of the public 's pocket , because their mortgage rates change , because their interest rates change , their loans/credit cards change -- or their pension income changes , " he said . Why LIBOR scandal will change banking culture The chairman of the Financial Services Authority , Britain 's banking regulator , last month blasted the "  cynical greed of traders asking their colleagues to falsify their Libor submissions so that they could make bigger profits . " FSA chairman Adair Turner said the scandal "  has caused a huge blow to the reputation of the banking industry " and "  has justifiably shocked and angered people . " Diamond is due to to testify about the scandal before the British parliament 's Treasury Committee Wednesday . The bank was fined more than $ 450 million last week by British and American regulators for rate-fixing during the height of the global financial crisis , and is one of a host of banks facing lawsuits in New York over the scandal . At least seven other banks are under investigation on suspicion of rate-fixing , leading to speculation that Diamond could be the first of many executives to resign . Financial regulators in London have not named the banks , but Deutsche Bank , Royal Bank of Scotland , Credit Suisse and UBS have acknowledged that they are under investigation . Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase have also confirmed that they are under investigation . Bank of America has refused to comment on reports that its is being probed . British Chancellor George Osborne welcomed Diamond 's resignation , calling it the right decision for the bank and the country . "  We need our banks to be focused on lending to the economy , not on the scandals of the past , and I hope this will be the first step towards a new culture of responsibility in British banking which is what the British people want to see , " said Osborne , effectively the country 's finance minister . British Prime Minister David Cameron said Monday that a full parliamentary inquiry would be held into the Libor rate-fixing scandal and standards in the banking industry , with witnesses called to give evidence under oath . The resignation of the American-born Diamond comes a day after Barclays chairman Agius announced his own resignation over the lending-rate scandal . But Agius reversed his decision Tuesday and will lead the search for a new chief executive , Barclays said . He will stay on until a new chief executive is selected and then "  begin the process of stepping down , " the bank said . Barclay 's is the 15th largest bank in the world , according to an annual list of the world 's top 1000 banks released by The Banker magazine on Monday . It is Britain 's second most profitable bank , and the 18th most profitable in the world , the trade magazine said . Diamond 's total compensation package for 2011 was worth  # 6.3 million  $ 7.92 million  , including salary , bonuses and share options , the bank said . The annual bonus consisted of  # 2.7 million in shares and was deferred over three years , the bank said . In his resignation statement , Diamond said he always aimed "  to do what I believed to be in the best interests of Barclays . " Barclays chairman to resign "  No decision over that period was as hard as the one that I make now to stand down as chief executive . The external pressure placed on Barclays has reached a level that risks damaging the franchise -- I can not let that happen , " Diamond said . "  I am deeply disappointed that the impression created by the events announced last week about what Barclays and its people stand for could not be further from the truth . I know that each and every one of the people at Barclays works hard every day to serve our customers and clients . That is how we support economic growth and the communities in which we live and work . "  I leave behind an extraordinarily talented management team that I know is well placed to help the business emerge from this difficult period as one of the leaders in the global banking industry . " "  Bob Diamond has made an enormous contribution to Barclays over the last 16 years of distinguished service to the Group , building Barclays Investment Bank into one of the leading global investment banks in the world , " Agius said in the statement . The $ 450 million fine came after the bank admitted some of its trading desks purposely under-reported its interest rates as part of LIBOR  London interbank Offered Rate  -- an interest rate floor between big banks that is set in London each trading morning . Last week , Bank of England Governor Mervyn King attacked British banking culture , saying something had gone very wrong with an industry he derided for resorting to "  deceitful " methods to make money . CNN 's Paul Armstrong , Jim Boulden , Isa Soares , Nick Thompson and Maureen Farrell contributed to this report .	NEW : Another top Barclays executive resigns hours after CEO Bob Diamond The bank was fined $ 450 milllon over alleged manipulation of lending rates The rate-fixing scandal took money out of the public 's pocket , an analyst says Chairman Marcus Agius resigned a day earlier but will now stay on
CNN  -- A former international rugby star has shocked the sports world by revealing that he is gay . Gareth Thomas , Wales ' most-capped player after appearing in 100 Tests , made the surprise announcement in an interview with British newspaper The Daily Mail . The 35-year-old retired from internationals after the 2007 World Cup , but still plays for Welsh provincial side Cardiff Blues . He is the first openly gay top-level rugby player , although top referee Nigel Owens came out in 2007 . While homosexuality in a macho code such as rugby is rarely acknowledged , top-level tennis players such as Billie Jean King , Martina Navratilova and Amelie Mauresmo have discussed being lesbian . Former NBA basketball star John Amaechi came out in his memoir in 2007 a couple of years after his retirement , while Olympic diving champion Greg Louganis was candid about his sexuality and tested positive for HIV in 1988 . Thomas married his childhood sweetheart Jemma in 2002 , but they separated in 2006 and their divorce is being finalized . "  I 've been through all sorts of emotions with this -- tears , anger and absolute despair , " he said . "  I was n't sure if I ever wanted to let people know and , to be honest , I feel anxious about people 's reactions and the effect it might have on my family . " He said he knew he had was gay from as young as 16 or 17 , but hid it as he sought to establish his rugby career , later going on to captain the British and Irish Lions and becoming one of the top backs in international rugby . "  I could never accept it because I knew I would never be accepted as a gay man and still achieve what I wanted to achieve in the game , " he said . "  I became a master of disguise and could play the straight man down to a tee , sometimes over-compensating by getting into fights or being overly aggressive because I did n't want the real me to be found out . But when you withdraw into yourself you start to feel lonely , upset , ashamed . " The player finally revealed he was gay to Wales coach Scott Johnson after a match in November 2006 , and the Australian then informed his teammates Stephen Jones and Martyn Williams . "  They came in , patted me on the back and said , ` We do n't care , ' " Thomas said . "  Two of my best mates in rugby did n't even blink an eyelid . "  It 's pretty tough for me being the only international rugby player prepared to break the taboo . Statistically I ca n't be the only one , but I 'm not aware of any other gay player still in the game . "  I 'd love for it , in 10 years ' time , not to even be an issue in sport , and for people to say : ` So what ? ' "  I do n't want to be known as a gay rugby player . I am a rugby player first and foremost . I am a man . I just happen to be gay . It 's irrelevant . What I choose to do when I close the door at home has nothing to do with what I have achieved in rugby . "	Former international rugby star Gareth Thomas of Wales reveals that he is gay The 35-year-old is the sport 's first high-profile name to acknowledge being homosexual He married his childhood sweetheart in 2002 but they are separated and getting divorced Thomas retired from internationals in 2007 as Wales ' most-capped player
With President Barack Obama set to lay out his strategy to deal with ISIS on Wednesday , Secretary of State John Kerry left for the Middle East on an urgent new diplomatic drive with a single sales objective : Shore up support from Sunni Arabs to defeat what Kerry calls ISIS ' "  genocidal agenda . " Kerry has said the United States will build "  the broadest possible coalition of partners around the globe to confront , degrade and ultimately defeat ISIS . " "  Almost every single country has a role to play in eliminating the threat and the evil that  ISIS  represents , " Kerry said Tuesday before leaving on the trip that will take him to Saudi Arabia and Jordan . The Obama administration has already gathered about 10 countries as part of a global coalition to beat back ISIS . But the strength of the coalition could hinge on whether it includes members from the Middle East , where ISIS poses the biggest threat . Obama laid out Kerry 's marching orders during an interview last weekend with NBC News . "  I think that it is absolutely true that we 're going to need Sunni states to step up , not just Saudi Arabia , our partners like Jordan , the United Arab Emirates , Turkey . They need to be involved . This is their neighborhood . The dangers that are posed are -- are more directed at them right now than they are us , " Obama told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . "  And that 's part of the conversation that John Kerry 's going to be having this week " Americans want efforts to dismantle ISIS to be undertaken by a coalition , according to a CNN/ORC poll released Monday ; 60 % said Washington should undertake military action against ISIS "  only if other countries participate . " Kerry 's Middle East strategy In order to get a buy-in from Arab states , Kerry will take specific arguments to different countries . One key to his effort will be the new Iraqi government announced on Monday , which Kerry called a major milestone . Kerry hopes the new government will attract Sunni Arab help as it fights ISIS and bolster Sunni opposition to the group . The needs in any effort to defeat ISIS are great : military support , including air power , arms , training , and intelligence . U.S. officials say Arab partners will be asked to contribute what they can . The effort was given a boost on Monday when the Arab league agreed to take urgent measures to combat ISIS and other extremist groups , reflecting a new sense of urgency in the region . Obama looking for for congressional support on ISIS Kerry 's coalition-building tour will first take him to Jordan , which borders both Iraq and Syria and is likely to play a major but discreet role in the coalition . Jordan is already hosting hundreds of thousands of refugees from neighboring Syria . In Saudi Arabia , Kerry will hold talks in Jeddah with the foreign ministers of six Gulf Arab states , Iraq , Egypt and Jordan . Kerry must also convince the Gulf allies to dry up funding to ISIS , which comes from many of their own nationals and stop the flow of foreign fighters into Iraq and Syria , considered the lifeblood of the group . Another critical aspect to this will be driving a wedge between Sunni Arabs and ISIS , and delegitimizing the group 's ideology . Saudi Arabia , in particular , is seen as having a critical role to play in convincing other Sunni Arabs that ISIS is the enemy . The kingdom has been very effective in beating back al Qaeda in its territory , and officials and analysts say it has a unique religious credibility and legitimacy to combat ISIS now . There are already efforts within Middle East countries to root out extremists . Last week , Saudi Arabia arrested more than 80 extremists suspected of planning to carry out terrorist attacks both in the kingdom and abroad , and the UAE issued a statement last week saying it was ready to "  join the international community in an urgent , coordinated and sustained effort to confront a threat that will , if unchecked , have global ramifications for decades to come . " The UAE statement also called for a "  clear plan for direct intervention against ISIS . " Support , but slim chance for military intervention But do n't look for countries in the Middle East to join specifically with the United States and Western partners on a military campaign . Officials have downplayed suggestions of Arab military involvement , although have privately suggested even some minor participation from countries such as the UAE and Saudi Arabia would be important symbolic gestures about the need for Sunni Arab states to take responsibility in fighting extremism within their own region . What is unclear is whether Kerry , who visits the region the day after Obama delivers his speech laying out his strategy for combating ISIS , will make specific requests this week for a military campaign to combat the group in either Iraq or Syria . Arab diplomats say without concrete details on what type of military campaign the U.S. envisions , it will be hard for their leaders to sign up , no matter how badly they may want to . Another question is what happens after the campaign against ISIS . Arab diplomats say similar extremist groups are operating in Libya , the Sinai in Egypt and Yemen that pose a threat to the entire region and about which Washington and its Arab partners must have a conversation . With its laser focus on ISIS , Arab diplomats complain the United States is not connecting the dots about the alarming trends in the region . "  Without a tacit understanding of how we are going to work at extremism in general , it 's going to be tough to move ahead , " one Arab diplomat said . "  You want us to join you in Iraq and Syria and then when we see a problem in Libya or Yemen or Egypt and you say forget it ? I do n't think that is how it 's going to go . You ca n't be with us on one issue and be against us on another . " Which is why Kerry must carefully balance the concerns of a region nervous about a multitude of threats with the narrow U.S. interests in combating ISIS . U.S. officials say a series of airstrikes last week against armed Islamist factions in Tripoli , Libya , were conducted by Egypt and the UAE . While neither country has acknowledged the action publicly , the move sent an important message to Washington that the region is ready to take measures into its own hands if the United States does not take their concerns into account . The U.S. saw competing Arab interests in aiding the Syria opposition contribute to the growth of extremists groups like ISIS . A similarly uncoordinated effort against the group could give birth to new , and potentially equally frightening , problems . Terror fears could help GOP in midterms Senator apologizes for invoking names of slain journalists in policy argument	John Kerry is off to the Middle East to shore up support in the fight against ISIS The trip will take Kerry to Saudi Arabia and Jordan just after Obama lays out strategy By shoring up Sunni support , the U.S. looks to delegitimize ISIS ' caliphate claims Kerry will look to win what support he can , but military involvement will be a tough sell
HAMILTON , Bermuda  CNN  -- Four Chinese nationals of Uyghur ethnicity who had been held at the U.S. military 's Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility have been resettled in Bermuda , officials said Thursday . Attorney General Eric Holder says the U.S. is "  extremely grateful to the government of Bermuda . " "  Above all , this was a humanitarian act , " Bermudan Premier Ewart Brown told CNN in an interview at his Cabinet office in Hamilton , Bermuda . "  We do n't see it as quid pro quo . " The four were twice cleared for release -- once by the Bush administration and again this year , according to a Justice Department statement . They were among 17 Uyghur detainees at the facility set up to hold terror suspects . The four were flown by private plane Wednesday night from Cuba to Bermuda and were accompanied by U.S. and Bermudan representatives as well as their attorneys , according to Susan Baker Manning , part of the men 's legal team . President Obama has pledged to close the Guantanamo facility , raising questions of what will happen to the more than 200 remaining detainees . A political backlash against bringing any of the detainees to the United States has increased the focus on sending them to other countries . Brown said he read an article on the issue of the Guantanamo Bay detainees ' fates in The Washington Post while he was in Washington for a White House meeting in May . He said he decided to put an offer to the U.S. government "  on the table . " He said Bermuda , a British colony , told London of its intentions , but not until late in the process . Britain must approve the transfer for it to be permanent , Brown said , adding that he believes the issue may raise tension between Bermuda and Britain . The issue is controversial because of China 's opposition to the Uyghurs being sent to any country but China . Uyghurs are a Muslim minority from the Xinjiang province of far-west China . The 17 Uyghurs had left China and made their way to Afghanistan , where they settled in a camp with other Uyghurs opposed to the Chinese government , the Justice Department said in its statement . They left Afghanistan after U.S. bombings began in the area in October 2001 and were apprehended in Pakistan , the statement said . Watch concerns about resettling the Uyghur detainees " "  According to available information , these individuals did not travel to Afghanistan with the intent to take any hostile action against the United States , " the statement said . Manning said the 17 were picked up as a matter of circumstance and never had terrorist training . They left China because they did not agree with the government , she told CNN . However , China alleges the men are part of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement -- a group the U.S. State Department considers a terrorist organization -- that operates in the Xinjiang region . East Turkestan is another name for Xinjiang . China on Thursday urged the United States to hand over all 17 of the Uyghurs instead of sending them elsewhere . The Chinese statement followed an offer by Palau , a Pacific island nation , to accept the Uyghur detainees . The Xinjiang region of 20 million people is largely populated by ethnic Uyghurs and other Muslim minorities who have traditionally opposed Beijing 's rule and clamored for greater autonomy . A senior U.S. administration official told CNN the State Department is working on a final agreement with Palau to settle the matter of the 13 remaining Uyghur detainees . Issues to be worked out include how to transfer the Uyghurs to Palau and how much money the United States would give the men for resettlement , the official said . The official said the average in such cases is $ 100,000 per person . The United States will not send Uyghur detainees cleared for release back to China out of concern that they would be tortured by Chinese authorities . China has said no returned Uyghurs would be tortured . Palau said it will take in the ethnic Uyghur detainees for humanitarian reasons and because of the "  special relationship " between Palau and the United States . Palau , with a population of about 20,000 , is about 1,000 miles  1,600 kilometers  southeast of Manila in the Philippines and about 4,600 miles  7,400 kilometers  west of Hawaii . It has received nearly $ 900 million in U.S. aid since independence in 1994 , according to congressional auditors , and depends on Washington for its defense . In 2006 , five other Uyghur detainees were transferred to Albania , according to the Justice Department , which said it has no reports they took part in any post-resettlement criminal behavior or terrorist activities . Since 2002 , more than 540 detainees have departed Guantanamo for other countries , including Albania , Algeria , Afghanistan , Australia , Bangladesh , Bahrain , Belgium , Denmark , Egypt , France , Great Britain , Iran , Iraq , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Kuwait , Libya , Maldives , Mauritania , Morocco , Pakistan , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Spain , Sweden , Sudan , Tajikistan , Turkey , Uganda , the United Kingdom and Yemen , the Justice Department said . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : Bermudan premier : "  Above all , this was a humanitarian act " Uyghurs are native Chinese Muslims ; the detainees were apprehended in Pakistan China urges U.S. to hand over all 17 Uyghurs held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba Official says U.S. still negotiating with Palau to take remaining 13 Uyghurs
CNN  -- Seeking to blunt a sharp backlash to recent privacy policy changes , Google has offered to share "  the real story " about a system that compiles information about users based on their activity on all of Google 's sites and products . This week , Google announced new privacy settings . They spell out the fact that the company collects and compiles data about its users based on their activity on its various sites -- from its search page to Gmail to YouTube to phones running its Android operating system . The announcement gave some privacy advocates cause for alarm , even though Google says the information is assembled to enhance user experience , such as better targeting ads that will be of interest to its customers . Perhaps most notably , eight members of Congress , both Democrats and Republicans , wrote a letter to Google CEO Larry Page asking for clarification about the changes . "  While Google suggests that the purpose of this shift in policy is to make the consumer experience simpler , we want to make sure it does not make protecting consumer privacy more complicated , " reads the letter . The lawmakers also noted that because of Google 's global reach , the change "  potentially touches billions of people worldwide . " It asks Google to share what kind of data it currently collects and explain how information collected under the newly announced system will be used . In a post on the company 's public policy blog , Google 's Betsy Masiello wrote that there have been misconceptions about the changes . "  A lot has been said about our new privacy policy , " she wrote . "  Some have praised us for making our privacy policy easier to understand . Others have asked questions , including members of Congress , and that 's understandable too . " Among the points that Masiello makes in the post : _ Users do n't have to be logged in to use many of Google 's products , including search and YouTube . No data is collected when a user is not logged in . _ When logged in , users can edit or turn off their search histories , switch Gmail chat to "  off the record , " use "  incognito mode " on the Google Chrome browser or employ other of Google 's privacy tools . _ Quite simply , Web users do n't have to use all of Google 's products . She noted that Google wo n't be collecting any more data about users than it was before . "  We 're making things simpler and we 're trying to be upfront about it . Period , " she wrote . Not everyone was convinced . While noting that there are some advantages to having your information stored in one place , Brent Rose wrote for tech site Gizmodo that there are some scary aspects to it as well . "  There are certainly reasons to be concerned about keeping all of your eggs in one basket . It means there 's a single point of failure , which makes me nervous , " Rose wrote . "  The fact that you ca n't opt-out of shared search data , and that Google will know more about you than your wife ? That 's a little creepy . "	Google seeks to clarify its new privacy plan after backlash Changes will create a user profile based on what users do on all Google products Members of Congress have asked for clarification Google notes there are privacy tools in place to opt out of some aspects
CNN  -- "  A little more light ! " It 's an early morning photo shoot for Glamour Magazine UK . There 's a blizzard outside the window of Jack Studios in New York as the crew sets up in a flurry : Photographers meticulously adjust the lighting , makeup and hair artists arrange their bounty of brushes and stylists hang up racks upon racks of familiar names -- Ralph Lauren , DSquared2 , Zac Posen , Helmut Lang , Agent Provocateur , Vivienne Westwood . They 're all here for one person . "  Hi , I 'm Carmen . " The woman in an unassuming black tank top , jeans , simple ponytail and hoop earrings  a staple she would later credit to growing up in New Jersey  introduces herself to the crew -- but everybody in the room already knows who she is . See all of CNN Living 's New York Fashion Week coverage "  People know me from a lot of places , " she tells CNN later at her Perth Amboy , New Jersey , home . "  Google-dot-com Carmen Carrera ! " she laughs . Carrera first caught a glimpse of the spotlight on the third season of the cult favorite and gif-ready reality show "  RuPaul 's Drag Race . " The day after she finished the show , she decided to begin her transition into the Carmen Carrera we know today -- a proud transgender fashion personality . Carrera says she has known since she was in kindergarten . She went to a Catholic school and had a crush on a fellow classmate , Anthony ; she would get in trouble for running up to him and kissing him on the cheek every day . "  I knew that it was n't me , as a boy having a crush on a boy . It was me , wanting to be a pretty girl , having a crush on a boy , " she says . After a parent-teacher conference , she was transferred to a public school and put two and two together : She should n't express her femininity outside the home . "  My parents , thank God , never forced me to act any other kind of way but myself , so I was really lucky , " she says . "  But when I was in school or outside the house , it was always an act , it was always a cover-up -- and I grew up with a lot of frustration . " At 18 , she got her first car and left some of that frustration in the rearview mirror . She drove to New York and became immersed in the drag club scene , where she began to "  live freely and happily . " Then came "  Drag Race . " Since appearing on the show , Carrera has gained more than 66,000 followers on Twitter , 90,000 on Instagram and 215,000 on Facebook . Carrera became a part of the mainstream media conversation when she received more than 46,000 signatures on a Change.org petition to become Victoria 's Secret 's first transgender "  angel . " The petition gained a significant amount of traction only a few days before the 2013 fashion show was set to tape in November , but it was ultimately unsuccessful .  The company has not responded to the petition . Victoria 's Secret petitioned to hire first transgender model Even so , she says , the support from fans has motivated her to try out for the over-the-top lingerie show in 2014 . "  It 's kind of like validation , " she says . "  No matter how insecure I might be , no matter how un-pretty I might feel , there are people out there who look to me to be strong and to keep going and to keep proving people wrong . " Carrera 's not the first transgender model -- and certainly not the last -- but in the fashion world , where cutting edge androgyny is often en vogue , the industry has been criticized for its sluggishness to embrace the transgender sector , different body shapes and diversity overall . Naomi Campbell , Iman call for an end to runway racism There has been some progress . Legendary fashion photographer Bruce Weber captured 17 transgender models -- many of them nonprofessionals -- for luxury retailer Barneys New York 's latest catalog and magazine campaign . High-profile transgender community members , such as actress Laverne Cox and writer Janet Mock , are also speaking more openly about their experiences navigating a world that can be ignorant and even hostile about these issues . What not to say to a transgender person In an autobiographical essay in W Magazine , Carrera said : "  I want to leave something behind so people can look back one day and say , ` Wow , remember when transpeople were discriminated against the most ? This person was like , Screw everybody ! I 'm going to parade around half-naked and be superproud , because that 's how everyone should be ! ' " Which leads her to today on set : She 's represented by Elite Model Management , one of the world 's leading model agencies . She 's an unconventional choice , not only because of her gender : She 's 28 amid a portfolio of girls in their late teens to early 20s , and she 's admittedly a bit curvier than her runway counterparts . She 's also a stepmother to her domestic partner 's 9-year-old daughter . " ... Nor winter storm ca n't stop me baby , " she mouths along to Diana Ross as the makeup artist finishes a decidedly fresh and natural look . Robin Page is the stylist coordinating the looks . While many designers sent pieces fit for Carrera 's burlesque persona , Page went for more subdued offerings , like a Ralph Lauren pure white jumpsuit or a Dsquared2 A-line , knee-length skirt . "  I wanted you to be able to see her spirit , and her face and her eyes , as opposed to just body , just big hair , just tons of makeup , " she says . "  We wanted to kind of make everything very sparse and very simple , just to get the essence of her . " "  Wow , I look like a grown-up , " Carrera says . "  I 'm used to wearing so much more makeup . " For the next six hours , Carrera will pose for frame after frame , every now and then stopping to change outfits and loosen up her facial muscles after holding a pose . There 's a mirror behind the photographer that she occasionally glances in to try out a new pose , almost in awe of what 's looking back at her . "  When you go through a transition like this , your body , your face is always changing . So , in an industry where you 're being paid to sell either a product or take a photo , you know you have to learn your angles , " she says . What about the question that every woman dreads : Do you think you 're pretty ? "  I 'm very happy with myself , " she says . "  It 's not even about being pretty or being beautiful , it 's just that I 'm very happy with myself . " "  And I ca n't change , even if I tried , " Carrera sings along to Mary Lambert while striking a pose . "  All of the designers were super excited we were shooting her . They flew in clothing for her , " says Page , who added that she hopes the shoot in an international glossy legitimizes Carrera 's career beyond the transgender realm . Carrera wants that level of success , too . She says she looks up to the supermodels of the '90s : the Christy Turlingtons , Naomi Campbells and Linda Evangelistas . The ones who were on a first-name basis with the world . Casting the outcast at Fashion Week "  I want to be like those girls , " she says . "  I do n't want to just be labeled as a transgender model . ... Why do I have to be separated ? It 's the modeling industry -- one industry . "	Transgender model Carmen Carrera recently shot a spread for Glamour Magazine UK Fans petitioned for Carrera to be Victoria 's Secret 's first transgender Angel Carrera wants to be labeled as a model , not just a trans model
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Pop singer Chris Brown was sentenced Tuesday to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " for assaulting his pop star girlfriend , Rihanna . Chris Brown received an expected sentence on Tuesday of probation and community service . Also Tuesday , CNN obtained a probation report for Brown that says the pair were involved in at least two other domestic violence incidents before the February attack for which Brown was sentenced . The probation report , which CNN obtained after Brown 's sentencing , was used to reach his plea agreement . Brown , 20 , was arrested after an early morning argument inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street on February 8 . Watch Brown get sentenced to probation " Police investigating the February 8 attack "  learned of two earlier incidents related to domestic violence that went unreported , " the probation report said . "  The first incident occurred in Europe about three months before the present offense , " the report said . "  The victim -LSB- Rihanna -RSB- and the defendant -LSB- Brown -RSB- were involved in a verbal dispute and the victim -LSB- Rihanna -RSB- slapped the defendant -LSB- Brown -RSB- . He responded by shoving her into a wall . " Another incident happened in January , three weeks before the Hollywood incident , when Brown and Rihanna were visiting her home country of Barbados , the report said . "  The defendant -LSB- Brown -RSB- and the victim -LSB- Rihanna -RSB- were visiting Barbados and were driving a Range Rover loaned to them by a local dealership , " the investigator wrote . "  They had an argument inside the car . The defendant -LSB- Brown -RSB- exited and broke the front driver and passenger side windows of the car . " At Tuesday 's sentencing , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Patricia Schnegg said she wants to see Brown do "  actual physical labor , as opposed to some type of community service . " The sentencing was delayed earlier this month because documents detailing Brown 's proposed community service plan in Virginia , where he maintains a legal residence and wants to serve his sentence , had not arrived in time for Schnegg to review . Brown 's probation will be overseen by the state of California , the judge said . Brown must also complete domestic violence counseling . Schnegg also put a restraining order in place , requiring Brown to stay 50 yards away from Rihanna , 10 yards if the two are at the same industry event . The judge issued a strict warning to Brown not to violate the order , which remains in place until 2014 . Rihanna 's attorney , Donald Etra , would not say whether she wanted the restraining order lifted , but if Rihanna wants the order modified she must personally appear in court to request it , Etra said . Rihanna , whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty , did not attend Tuesday 's sentencing . Watch Brown arrive for sentencing " According to Brown 's probation report , the February argument began over an incident at a Beverly Hills party . An earlier , sworn statement by Los Angeles Police detective DeShon Andrews said the incident began when Rihanna found a text message on his cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with . " The pair argued while in a sports car driven by Brown , the police statement said . It went on to describe the assault in great detail , saying Brown punched Rihanna -- identified in the statement as Robyn F. -- numerous times and put her in a head lock , restricting her breathing and causing her to start to lose consciousness . He threatened to beat her and kill her , according to the statement , and he bit her ear and her fingers . Eventually , the statement said , "  Robyn F. began screaming for help and Brown exited the vehicle and walked away . A resident in the neighborhood heard Robyn F. 's plea for help and called 911 , causing a police response . An investigation was conducted and Robyn F. was issued a domestic violence emergency protective order . " The detective said Brown sent a text message nine days later , apologizing . Rihanna 's injuries included cuts and bruises inflicted by a large ring on Brown 's right hand , which he used to punch her , the probation report said . "  Officers at the scene observed numerous contusions and abrasions to the victim 's face and forehead , as well as bruising to her left arm near the bicep , " it said . "  They also saw abrasions to her arms near both wrists and on her upper chest near her collarbone and around her neck . There were abrasions on her left leg and on the inside of her upper lips . " Rihanna declined to speak to the probation investigator , so the probation report 's details were gathered from police detectives who interviewed her soon after the attack . "  He beat me up , " Rihanna told the police , the report said . Brown made a public apology last month in a video statement posted on his personal Web site . "  I have told Rihanna countless times , and I 'm telling you today , that I 'm truly , truly sorry in that I was n't able to handle the situation both differently and better , " Brown said . "  What I did was unacceptable , 100 percent . I can only ask and pray that you forgive me . Please . "	NEW : Probation report : Brown , Rihanna in two previous domestic violence incidents Chris Brown sentenced to five years probation and "  labor-oriented service " Brown admitted in a plea deal that he was guilty of a felony assault Police statement : Brown punched girlfriend Rihanna in February
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad early Saturday , a local government spokesman said . The ISIS terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack . The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others , public health spokesman Najibullah Kamawal said . The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh said . It was made by an offshoot called ISIS Wilayat Khorasan . In a statement , the group said the bomber was named Abu Mohammad and he belonged to their ranks . He was targeting government workers collecting their pay at the bank , the terrorists said . He detonated his charge at the peak of rush hour on the first day of the week , when the bank would be expected to be crowded . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid , in a text message to journalists , distanced his group from the attack . "  The explosion in Jalalabad does n't have anything to do with us and we condemn it , " he said . ISIS refers to Afghanistan and Pakistan as the province of "  Khorasan . " In March , CNN reported on ISIS recruiting in Afghanistan . The United Nations condemned the violence . "  The continuing use of suicide attacks in densely populated areas , that are certain to kill and maim large numbers of Afghan civilians , may amount to a war crime , " said Nicholas Haysom , head of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan . The United Nations said that in the first three months of the year 655 people were killed and 1,155 were wounded in suicide attacks throughout the country . Fears about ISIS involvement in the region have been growing this year . In February , Mullah Abdul Rauf , a former Taliban commander who had become a recruiter for ISIS in Afghanistan , was killed in a drone strike , according to officials who spoke to CNN . And later that same week , Gen. John Campbell , the top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan , told the Senate Armed Services Committee that he was concerned about the growth of ISIS in the area . "  You do have some of the Taliban breaking off and claiming allegiance toward ISIS , " Campbell said , attributing the phenomenon partly to a feeling of disenfranchisement on the parts of some Taliban members -- who , he said , may use ISIS tactics to gain media attention . CNN 's Brian Walker , Ben Brumfield and Don Melvin contributed to this report .	U.N. says suicide attacks on mass groups of civilians may be labeled as war crimes Taliban condemns the attack , which ISIS took credit for The bomber targeted government workers picking up their pay , ISIS said in a statement
CNN  -- The woman who made the 911 call that led to the arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. never referred to black suspects when she called authorities for what she thought was a potential break-in . Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. was arrested after a break-in was reported to police . Police in Cambridge , Massachusetts , released the 911 phone call Monday . In the call , Lucia Whalen reports seeing "  two larger men , one looked kind of Hispanic , but I 'm not really sure , and the other one entered , and I did n't see what he looked like at all . " "  I just saw it from a distance , and this older woman was worried , thinking somebody 's breaking in someone 's house and they 've been barging in , " Whalen says . "  She interrupted me , and that 's when I noticed . Otherwise , I probably would n't have noticed it at all , to be honest with you . So I was just calling because she was a concerned neighbor , I guess . " Listen to the entire 911 call " Attorney Wendy Murphy , who represents Whalen , also categorically rejected part of the police report that said Whalen talked with Sgt. James Crowley , the arresting officer , at the scene . "  Let me be clear : She never had a conversation with Sgt. Crowley at the scene , " Murphy told CNN by phone . "  And she never said to any police officer or to anybody ` two black men . ' She never used the word ` black . ' Period . " She added , "  I 'm not sure what the police explanation will be . Frankly , I do n't care . Her only goal is to make it clear she never described them as black . She never saw their race . ... All she reported was behavior , not skin color . " Calls to the Cambridge Police Department about the issue have not been returned . Police Commissioner Robert Haas told reporters at a news conference Monday that the 911 tape and police transmission from that day "  speak for themselves , and I would ask that you form your own opinion . " He added that police always ask themselves : "  If I had to do it over again , what would I have done differently ? " "  This matter is not resolved , " Haas said . "  We have a long way to go . We recognize that we are going to take advantage of the situation and we 're going to learn from it . We 're going to move forward . " In the police report , filed by Crowley , he says he spoke with Whalen outside the home before he approached Gates ' house . "  She went on to tell me that she observed what appeared to be two black males with backpacks on the porch of Ware Street , " the report says . "  She told me that her suspicions were aroused when she observed one of the men wedging his shoulder into the door as if he was trying to force entry . " Murphy also disputed accounts of her client as a white woman in the traditional sense . "  The fact is , she 's olive-skinned and of Portuguese descent . You would n't look at her and say , necessarily , ` Oh , there 's a white woman . ' You might think she was Hispanic , " Murphy said . Murphy 's comments add yet another layer of intrigue to the July 16 arrest that has prompted heated discussion across the nation on race relations in America , including President Obama weighing in on the issue . Obama last week first said police "  acted stupidly " in arresting Gates after he presented identification that showed he lived in the home . But by Friday , the president said that he had spoken with Crowley and that he did n't mean to malign the Police Department . The president acknowledged that his words "  helped to contribute to ratcheting " up the debate and controversy surrounding the arrest . "  I could have calibrated those words differently , and I told this to Sgt. Crowley , " Obama said . Obama spoke about two hours after police unions in Massachusetts called on him to apologize . Obama has invited Crowley and Gates to the White House this week for beer . Meanwhile , authorities in Cambridge announced they have created a panel to advise police on racial issues as a result of Gates ' arrest . "  I am committed to making sure our city is not defined by that day . Today is the day to move forward , " City Manager Robert Healy told reporters at Monday 's news conference . Watch "  lessons learned " panel formed " The committee , led by "  nationally recognized experts , " will not investigate the arrest of Gates -- one of the nation 's most prolific scholars on African-American affairs -- nor will it "  make any judgments " on the officers involved , Healy said . The committee "  will identify lessons to be taken from the circumstances surrounding the incident " and will advise the Police Department on how "  those lessons can be applied " to its policies and practices . "  It 's time to move forward and look at lessons learned and go from there , " Healy said . He also weighed in on the upcoming meeting in Washington between Gates , Crowley and Obama : "  I hope they enjoy their beer at the White House . " The meeting will take place on Thursday , said a senior administration official . Also at the news conference , Cambridge mayor Denise Simmons , who is African-American , said the arrest was a "  turning point for the city . " "  While this has been a trying time for Cambridge , we are confident that we can ultimately come out stronger and more unified , " she said . "  We see ourselves as America 's classroom . " Speaking to CNN by phone , Murphy said she was trying to clear Whalen 's name after she 's come under attack by bloggers and in chat rooms , accused of racial profiling when she first called police . She said Whalen is "  devastated " by such characterizations because she is sensitive about such issues because of her own complexion . Whalen worked down the street and was on her lunch break when she called police . "  She just wants to clear her name . She does n't want to create more controversy , " Murphy said . "  She falls outside the plain lines of race , and I think she wanted people to know that . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Police release 911 tape from Harvard professor 's arrest NEW : Authorities create panel to advise police on racial issues NEW : Attorney says she 's trying to clear caller 's name after she 's been criticized "  She never used the word ` black . ' Period , " attorney Wendy Murphy says
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenyan wildlife officials are ferrying thousands of zebras and wildebeest to a park in the country 's south to feed starving lions and hyenas , and prevent a conflict with humans . The animals will be hauled from four locations to restock Amboseli National Park 's population , which lost 80 percent of its herbivores in a recent drought , said Kentice Tikolo , spokeswoman for the Kenya Wildlife Service . "  It was the worst drought in 26 years , " Tikolo said . "  The Amboseli ecosystem was severely affected . ... Lots of herbivores died , carnivores do n't have anything to feed on , and have been attacking neighboring livestock . " The imbalance has sparked a row with villagers who lost animals in the drought and have threatened to kill lions and hyenas preying on remaining livestock . Should the zebras be brought in to help the lions ? "  There are only 2,000 lions left nationwide , and we are concerned because the numbers are dropping , " the spokeswoman said . "  Maasais are getting angry and threatening to spear them -- the human versus wildlife conflict is getting out of hand -- and our carnivores are already greatly endangered . " About 4,000 zebras and 3,000 wildebeest will be transferred to Amboseli . The zebras will go first . The wildebeest will follow , after calving season , Tikolo said . Once at Amboseli , they 're expected to breed and sustain the lions over the long term . Shipping the animals from Soysambu Conservancy in the Rift Valley and three other nearby locations will cost about $ 1.4 million , according to Tikolo . The animals are herded into a funnel-shape enclosure using helicopters and loaded into trucks to Amboseli . From there , they are released into the wild , she said . Tourism is the second-largest source of foreign exchange in the east African nation . About 20 percent of the income comes from tourism , with Amboseli as the second - highest earner , Tikolo said Lions are among the big five -- the list of top wildlife tourist attractions in the nation . Others are elephants , leopards , rhinos and buffalo .	Animals brought in to restock Amboseli National Park 's population Drought has caused park to lose 80 percent of livestock About 4,000 zebras and 3,000 wildebeest will be transferred to feed lions
CNN  -- Chemists used to use balls and sticks to make models to help them understand how molecules worked . That has vastly changed . On Wednesday , the Nobel Prize in chemistry rewarded three scientists for work leading to the computer programs used today to precisely calculate how very complex molecules work . Accomplishments by chemists Martin Karplus , Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel have enabled programs to even predict the outcomes of very complex chemical reactions . As a result , computers have become just as important in chemistry labs as test tubes , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said when announcing the prize . Slow motion The exact mechanics of a chemical reaction are hard to observe in the laboratory . "  Molecules are lazy creatures . Most of the time they do n't do anything , " said Gunnar Karlstrom from the Royal Academy . "  They just swing around and do n't do anything , and then suddenly , when they react , everything goes quick , like that . " New computer programs allow scientists to make models of these speedy reactions and study them at a slower pace , he said . The three scientists combined the principles of traditional Newtonian physics , which has the advantage of being simple , with quantum physics , which is much more complex but also much more accurate , because it deals with what goes on at a subatomic level . That has resulted in programs that are simple to use but also highly accurate . Predictions made by the programs eliminate the need for some lab testing . For example , they help reduce the necessity of testing a new drug on animals , Karlstrom said . Karplus researches at Harvard University and at the University of Strasbourg in France . Levitt is based at Stanford University Medical School , and Warshel is based at the University of Southern California . All three were born in other countries . They received the Nobel Prize jointly and will split the prize money of 8 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.2 million  . ` God particle ' theorists receive Nobel Prize in physics Last year Two American scientists won the Nobel Prize in chemistry in 2012 for their work revealing protein receptors that tell cells what is going on in and around the human body . Their achievements have allowed drugmakers to develop medication with fewer side effects . Research spanning four decades by Robert J. Lefkowitz and Brian K. Kobilka on "  G-protein-coupled receptors " has increased understanding of how cells sense chemicals in the bloodstream and external stimuli such as light , said the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , which awarded the prize . This week Two Americans and a German shared this year 's Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine Monday . Americans James E. Rothman and Randy W. Schekman , and German Thomas C. Sudhof were honored for discoveries of how the body 's cells decide when and where to deliver the molecules they produce . And on Tuesday , two men who predicted the existence of the Higgs boson particle 50 years before its discovery took the prize for physics -- Francois Englert of Belgium and Peter Higgs of the United Kingdom . Higgs and Englert 's theories of the elusive particle explained what gives matter its mass and played a key role in completing scientists ' understanding of the nature of all matter . Nobel medical prize goes to 2 Americans , 1 German Nobel history Since 1901 , the Nobel Committee has handed out the Nobel Prize in chemistry 105 times . In certain years , mainly during World Wars I and II , no prize in chemistry was awarded . The youngest recipient was Frederic Joliot , who won in 1935 at the age of 35 . The oldest chemistry laureate was John B. Fenn , who was 85 when he received the prize in 2002 . Frederic Sanger was the only scientist to win the chemistry prize twice for his work related to the structure of proteins and DNA . There is a fine line between the science of chemistry and the fields of physics and biology . Famed female scientist Marie Curie of France , for example , won Nobel honors for her work in radiophysics in 1903 and again in 1911 for discoveries in radiochemistry . The committee also will announce prizes in literature , peace and economics in the coming days . Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel created the prizes in 1895 to honor work in physics , chemistry , literature and peace . The first economics prize was awarded in 1969 . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more science news updates	The advancements could help reduce the need for drug testing on animals Chemists used to used balls and sticks to make models of molecules Today , computer programs show detailed depictions and predict complex chemical reactions The work of the Nobel winners led to the creation of these programs
CNN  -- Diego Costa and Arda Turan took part in training with Atletico Madrid teammates at the Estadio da Luz Friday ahead the Champions League final clash with city rivals Real Madrid . The pair have been an integral part of Atletico 's title winning side but remain doubts for Saturday 's fixture after being forced off during last weekend 's league clash with Barcelona -- the match that saw Atleti clinch La Liga for the first time in 18 years . Costa mainly trained alone on Thursday but was able to join in drills with teammates Friday . The naturalized Spaniard , who has scored 36 goals in 51 appearances this season , reportedly flew to Belgrade for horse-placenta treatment on a hamstring tear earlier this week while Turan has nursed the hip-knock he sustained against the Catalans at the club 's training base in Madrid . Atletico manager Diego Simeone , however , remained tight-lipped about the pair 's chances of making his starting lineup in Lisbon on Saturday . "  Costa and Arda are important players but they are just names , it will either be them playing or two others who know who they are , " Simeone told reporters . "  We will examine Diego Costa and the other injury doubts today . They trained better yesterday but we have to see how they feel , " he added . The Argentine is looking to become just the third non-European coach to win the continent 's premier club competition after compatriots Luis Carniglia and Helenio Herrera but is wary of an opponent he knows well . No two teams from the same city have ever contested the Champions League final before or its predecessor , the European Cup . "  We do n't know how Madrid will play , we 've worked with different possibilities and we will try to block them and find a way to control the match the way we need , " Simeone said . The sides have met four times already this season with Atletico claiming one league win against Real 's two victories in the double-legged Copa del Rey semifinal . The other league match was drawn . Real face injury concerns of their own ahead of the clash that could see them lift the illusive "  decima , " their tenth European crown which has become an obsession since they won their ninth continental title in 2002 . Star players Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale have been struggling for fitness in recent weeks but both are expected to play Saturday . Portuguese defender , Pepe , and French striker , Karim Benzema , however , are less likely to make it . Speaking to reporters Friday , Real boss Carlo Ancelotti said : "  we will assess the injuries at training . Cristiano has trained without problems but Pepe and Benzema have n't trained this week . " "  We will take the decision for tomorrow after this session which they will take part in , " he added . Ancelotti is aiming to lift the Champions League trophy for the third time as a manager , having done so with AC Milan in 2003 and 2007 . But reports have suggested the Italian 's position could come under scrutiny should Real fail to win Saturday . Los Blancos claimed the Copa del Rey trophy in April but stumbled to a third placed finish in La Liga behind Atletico and Barcelona . In what may have been comments relating to these reports , Ancelotti said : "  I have clear memories of my last press conference before the 2007 final and I said ` this may be my last press conference , let me enjoy it . ' " "  It was n't , but this one may be - so let me enjoy it . There 's a thin line between an obsession and a dream , but my aim is to realize the dream , " he said . Real defender , Sergio Ramos , accompanied Ancelotti at Friday 's press conference and spoke effusively of his manager . "  Since Carlo Ancelotti arrived he has emphasized hard work and intensity and now that is what Real Madrid are associated with , " Ramos said . "  He has playing experience which makes him different to other coaches . We realize the efforts many of our fans have to make to come , some will have been saving all year long and that is motivation for the team . " "  Even those who could n't come , we have to do everything possible to make them happy . " See also : Barcelona appoints Luis Enrique See also : Edin Dzeko urges world to help Bosnia	Diego Costa and Arda Turan have trained with teammates ahead of the Champions League final Atletico Madrid are looking to win clubs first European crown Real Madrid aim to claim their tenth European title in Lisbon Los Blancos also have injury concerns over Pepe and Karim Benzema
London  CNN  -- Four top British police officers will not face further police investigation in connection with an inquiry into phone hacking by journalists , the Independent Police Complaints Commission said Wednesday . They are former Metropolitan Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson , former Assistant Commissioners John Yates and Andy Hayman and former Deputy Assistant Commissioner Peter Clarke . Stephenson resigned as head of London 's Metropolitan Police , also known as Scotland Yard , after it was revealed that Scotland Yard had hired a former top News of the World journalist to be a communications consultant . The revelation came the same day police arrested the journalist , Neil Wallis , over the phone-hacking investigation . Stephenson insisted he had done nothing wrong . All four officers were referred to the IPCC by the local police authority after their involvement in the phone-hacking scandal engulfing News of the World and its parent company , News International , came under scrutiny . News of the World was shut down last month amid allegations its staff had hacked the voice mail of people ranging from celebrities to crime victims , and bribed police . Top Metropolitan Police officers were accused of being too cozy with senior News International staff . The IPCC said in a statement that "  in relation to their alleged respective roles in the ` phone hacking ' investigation , the conduct of none of these officers amounts to recordable conduct . " IPCC Deputy Chair Deborah Glass said the Metropolitan Police had "  rightly come under huge scrutiny " over its role in responding to allegations of phone hacking by News of the World , Britain 's best-selling Sunday paper . "  There can be no doubt about the damaging effect of the perceived inadequate response -- in particular , the failure to notify its many apparent victims -- on public confidence . Sir Paul Stephenson and John Yates both acknowledged this in their decisions to resign , " she said . But , she added , a "  clear line must be drawn between what is a recordable conduct matter -- in effect , conduct that is either criminal or for which an officer should be disciplined -- and public concerns that will be addressed and scrutinized by Lord Justice Leveson 's public inquiry . " The Leveson inquiry was set up by Prime Minister David Cameron to look into the conduct of the UK media and allegations of phone hacking and police corruption . Stephenson said the outcome of the IPCC probe "  is as I would have expected it to be . "  I regret resources have had to be expended on this matter , " he said in a statement . Yates handed in his resignation the day after Stephenson quit . He was the officer who decided in 2009 that there was no need to open a new police investigation into phone hacking , despite the 11,000 pages of evidence sitting at Scotland Yard -- a decision he later admitted to Parliament was "  crap . " The IPCC said it "  would agree that he made a poor decision in 2009 " but said it saw no purpose in questioning him about it again . However , Yates faces further investigation over his alleged role in securing a police job for Wallis ' daughter , the IPCC said . Yates said he was pleased he would not be scrutinized further over phone hacking but "  disappointed " he still faced questions over what he called his "  peripheral involvement " in the employment of Wallis ' daughter . "  I strongly deny any wrongdoing and I am completely confident that I will be exonerated , " he said in a statement . Cameron has faced questions over his judgment in hiring former News of the World editor Andy Coulson as his communications adviser after he resigned from the newspaper . Coulson says he was not aware of wrongdoing while he edited the paper . In a statement released Wednesday by the prime minister 's Downing Street office , Cameron said : "  Clearly if I had known then all the things I know now , then obviously I would have taken different decisions . " The IPCC 's decision comes a day after a parliamentary committee examining the phone-hacking allegations at News of the World released dozens of documents related to its inquiry , reigniting questions over whether News International had tried to cover up what happened . Among the documents was a 2007 letter from the paper 's former royal correspondent Clive Goodman -- who was sacked and jailed over intercepting royal voice mail -- to News International executives , in which he says that phone hacking was "  widely discussed " at the newspaper until explicit reference to it was "  banned by the Editor . " The editor at the time was Coulson . A number of senior News International figures have been asked to give evidence to Parliament 's Culture , Media and Sport Committee in September . Coulson and others have also been sent letters asking if they wish to add to or amend their previous testimony before the panel . CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Yates says he will be exonerated over a separate investigation Paul Stephenson resigned as London 's top police officer last month He says he expected this outcome and regrets police resources were used for the probe London 's police have been accused of being too cozy with News International
CNN  -- Stargazers in North America were delighted this week to see a highly anticipated comet make an appearance in the March sky . The comet is called Pan-STARRS , and it gets its funky name from the telescope credited with discovering it in June 2001 : the Panoramic Survey Telescope & Rapid Response System in Hawaii . Brian Karczewski , 24 , got a great shot of the comet from a California church parking lot and submitted an iReport about it . "  I love astronomy and find astrophotography a good challenge , " he said . "  I was very excited to capture the comet next to the moon . Never photographed a comet before ! " Adam Block , program coordinator at the Mount Lemmon Sky Center at the University of Arizona , snapped his first Pan-STARRS picture March 10 . He used a DSLR camera and a 300mm fixed lens . "  I took that image from my house in Tucson , and I was hoping to show that anyone , even from the city , can potentially see the comet ! " he said in an e-mail . Quasar -- galactic beauty , deadly beast -- discovered 50 years ago Block also took some sharp images Tuesday against the background of a colorful twilight . "  A bright comet in the sky is great for me since the universe is giving me a new and captivating way to inspire people as part of the experiences I offer at the observatory , " he said . Send us your questions about time-lapse videos If you missed Pan-STARRS , there may be another comet-viewing opportunity later this year . Comet ISON was discovered by Russian astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok in September 2012 . It 's named after their night-sky survey program , the International Scientific Optical Network . On November 28 , ISON is expected to dive into the sun 's atmosphere . If it survives , it might glow as brightly as the moon and be briefly visible in daylight . Its tail might stretch far across the night sky . More space and science news from CNN Light Years . CNN 's Amanda Barnett contributed to this report .	Comet Pan-STARRS gets its name from the telescope credited with discovering it CNN iReporters and other astronomy enthusiasts captured great photos this week . If you missed it , there may be another comet viewing opportunity later this year
CNN  -- Lesley Kinzel is not a size zero . She 's not a size 6 or 16 either . She wears a U.S. size 26 , has no plans to change that and she 'd be more than happy to share her style advice with you . Kinzel , a 35-year-old associate editor at xoJane.com and author of the upcoming "  Two Whole Cakes , " is part of an increasingly popular online movement that celebrates fashion for larger women -- without a tent dress or body-camouflaging cardigan in sight . The authors of so-called "  fatshion " blogs -- with names like Fat Girls Like Nice Clothes Too , Manolo for the Big Girl , Curves to Kill and Thicker Than Your Average Girl -- seek to send an empowering message to their plus-sized sisters : We 're here , we 're fat , we look just fabulous -- and you can , too . "  Fat " is a loaded word , often wielded as a weapon , but Kinzel hopes to lessen its power to wound . "  Learning to use the word ` fat ' as a basic descriptor , stripping it of its negative baggage , was a huge part of my self-acceptance process , " she says . "  Some women never get comfortable with it , and I understand that -- for some , it 's been used as a weapon for too long for anything positive to be salvaged . "  But I love the word ` fat ' precisely because my candid and positive use of it often shocks people ... it means everyone who hears the word ` fat ' from me is having to take a moment to think about what I mean by it , and to resist the knee-jerk assumption that I must mean something bad . " With that in mind , she created a blog , Fatshionista , in 2007 . Though many of the original postings are now archived at her "  body politics , social justice activism and pop-cultural criticism " blog , Two Whole Cakes , her writing shares a body-positive message for women she feels are not represented as beautiful and desirable in mainstream media . Growing up , she says , "  I did n't have many famous examples of positive fat-lady representation . I mean , there was Roseanne . I loved Roseanne , but not because she was beautiful -- I loved her because she was smart and tough and did n't take crap from anyone . " Fat girls representing themselves as confident , smart and resourceful is key , Kinzel says . "  If we wait for television and magazines to do this for us , we 're going to be waiting a very long time , " she says . "  So we do it ourselves . " Jessica Kane , creator of Life and Style of Jessica  tagline "  Real is perfect ! "  and owner of Skorch Plus Size Style Magazine , agrees with the importance of owning words as a first step to self-acceptance . Some girls might see themselves as curvy , while others see themselves as plus-sized . She says , "  I do embrace the word ` fat , ' because I am . It 's not mean or spiteful , but a fact . " Kane recalls , "  I grew up in a broken home with no role models , and was tortured in high school for not being cool enough and never had a boyfriend . It was after high school and realizing the larger world around me and being exposed to plus-size fashion via the Internet that I started to see I was not the minority and there were women who were confident and my size . Those women gave me strength , and I hope to pass that along as well . " With her blog , she 's taken control of the message in the way an occasional "  special section " or magazine insert never would . "  The majority of women need to be represented , and blogs like mine that thrive with hundreds of thousands of views a month show that there are women who want to see more . We need the thin girls next to the big girls as well as the brown girls next to the white girls . Diversity is key , " Kane says . "  There 's nothing more empowering than connecting with women just like you . No matter what you 're going through , you are n't alone . " The problem for many women , no matter their level of body acceptance , is simply finding attractive clothes in their size . It 's easy for bigger women to feel like no trendy clothes exist in their size , and they have no right to wear them , to be seen , to be active participants in fashion . As Kinzel says , "  The fatter you get the harder it is . " Bloggers share their plus-sized fashion finds from mainstream retailers like Lane Bryant , Top Shop and Torrid , as well as delving into more niche designers and outlets like Domino Dollhouse , Qristyl Frazier Designs , Monif C. and the Curve line from ASOS . They post pictures and links from the catalogues -- or even of themselves modeling the clothes , looking confident and gorgeous as all get out . Dee S. , an 21-year-old Irish woman who blogs at Pearls , Lace and Ruffles says she 's a "  5 ' 3 " - apple-shaped-plus-sized-gal " who carries her weight in her midsection , so even fashion for large girls rarely fits her . Her secret is to remain open to possibilities . "  The best way to find clothes is just to go out shopping and do n't restrict yourself . I used to avoid the ` normal ' side of Forever 21 's store and go straight for the plus section -- but now I browse the whole store . If I see something I like in the regular section , I try it on . Most times , if it 's a stretchy or knit fabric , then a size large will fit me , " Dee says . Designer Angela Zampell noticed this inequity in the marketplace and decided to expand her already popular Mode Merr clothing line to , as her company 's tagline says , dress "  stylish women from xxs-xxxl . " "  I truly believe that there is room for woman to feel sexy in their clothes . I saw a definite need for a wider size range in the market . It 's not fair for just the tiny ladies to have the best selection , " Zampell says . "  I think that the key is not to forget that larger gals still have a shape and it is n't square . " Her bold , curve-hugging clothing  she has an item called the "  Everybody Loves Cleavage Blouse "  has become a favorite of the plus-sized blogosphere , as well as the generally body-positive burlesque community . She sees the lack of flattering clothing as a result of social prejudice , rather than a result of any perceived figure flaws . "  It 's much easier to design for curves , " she notes . For Kinzel , Kane and Dee , there are tremendous rewards in helping other women realize their beauty potential , but it has not been without risks . It is , after all , the Internet , and with that , the inevitable rain of anonymous hostility from people offended that a larger woman would dare to find herself attractive . "  The people who get angriest about fat girls looking good and feeling hot are the people who are the most strongly invested in the idea that a person has to be skinny in order to be happy , healthy , and loved , " Kinzel says . "  Very often it 's people just projecting their own body-loathing onto someone else ; if you 're truly comfortable and confident in your own skin , it should n't make a difference to you what anyone else is wearing , or how they look . It only affects you if it 's making you question your assumptions , about both other people and about yourself . " Dee says she 's weathered worse in person . When people see a bigger girl enjoying herself , they 're shocked , she says . At a club with her friends , a man referred to her as the "  fat bitch . " She responded , "  Yes , I 'm fat , so what ? " The look on his face , she says , was priceless . "  Where I live , most women over a size 16 tend to wear long skirts and baggy dresses , so people sometimes double-take when they see a big girl in a mini dress or cute blouse and heels . " Kane chalks the reactions up to jealousy and notes that in the bigger-girl blogosphere , it can cut both ways . "  That person judging and knocking a thinner woman for feeling great is probably jealous that that person feels so great about themselves , and secretly wishing they had that too , " she says . Kinzel , however , has found the negative response to be an extreme minority , and their invective is greatly outweighed by the reward . She routinely get grateful emails from people of all sizes , people dealing with or recovering from eating disorders , even men . "  It 's very humbling . " And it 's worth it to Dee to keep putting herself out there in such a public way , no matter the challenges . While it 's empowering to look beautiful on the outside , "  Life is too short to be hung up on appearance , " she says . "  At the end of the day , its just your outer shell -- there 's a whole personality underneath that 's just waiting to shine . And even if you do n't realize how beautiful you are , someone else is out there who thinks you are the most beautiful person in the world . " Even if it 's a stranger , looking at you through a screen .	A movement of plus-sized fashion bloggers are redefining beautiful and reclaiming the word "  fat " Blogger Lesley Kinzel says "  fat " has "  been used as a weapon for too long " Some designers are taking notice , creating looks for a broader range of sizes Positive responses are more common than negative comments , blogger says
CNN  -- Four men and three women have been arrested in connection with shootings that left two Louisiana sheriff 's deputies dead and two others wounded , police said Friday . Their arrests , and the preliminary charges they are facing , follow a pair of allegedly linked shootings early Thursday in LaPlace , a community of about 30,000 people located roughly 25 miles west of New Orleans . Five of those arrested are now in jail , while the two others remain hospitalized for treatment of gunshot wounds , Louisiana State Police spokesman Melissa Matey said Friday . St. John the Baptist Parish Sheriff Michael Tregre called the slain and wounded deputies "  heroes " and described those arrested as "  some very violent individuals . " "  The people that  the deputies  lost their lives for , that we have in custody , I believe are some of the most violent , evil people on the planet , " Tregre said Friday . All the charges levied against the suspects , thus far , apply to the first shooting that occurred around 5 a.m. in a parking lot near the Bayou Steel plant in LaPlace , according to police . A man there shot Deputy Michael Boyington from the St. John the Baptist Parish Sheriff 's Office -- who was directing traffic at the time -- several times , Tregre said Thursday . Despite his injuries , Boyington told dispatchers about the suspect . His description , along with a civilian report of a speeding car , led responding officers to a nearby trailer park , the sheriff said . Col. Michael Edmonson , superintendent of the Louisiana State Police , said Friday that investigators have determined that five of those under arrest were in the car that sped from the scene . Boyington is at University Hospital in New Orleans , where Tregre said he had visited him and found him to be "  very good , upbeat , very positive , very strong . " A law enforcement source who was not authorized to speak on the record said Thursday that the deputy had been shot in the shoulder and is expected to survive . "  He just wanted me to tell everyone that he 'll be back to work Monday , " Tregre said Friday . Brian Lyn Smith , 24 , will be charged with attempted first-degree murder of a police officer tied to Boyington 's shooting , police said . Four others -- 44-year-old Terry Smith , 22-year-old Derrick Smith , 28-year-old Kyle David Joekel and 21-year-old Teniecha Bright -- each face charges of being a principal to attempted first-degree murder of a police officer . Chanel Skains , 37 , and Brittney Keith , 23 , have been charged with being an accessory after the fact to attempted first-degree murder of a police officer , authorities said . Brian Smith and Joekel will be formally charged after their release from the hospital , according to information released Friday by the parish sheriff 's office . "  Once ... the hospital says , they 're OK and they can leave the hospital , believe me , they 're going straight to jail , " Edmonson said of the two hospitalized suspects . All those facing charges lived in one of three nearby addresses on the same street in LaPlace . And they could face additional charges tied to the second shooting later Thursday at a trailer park in that same city . In that incident , deputies who had gone there to investigate the initial shooting were questioning two people when a man ambushed them , Tregre said . Multiple weapons were used and at least 20 shots were fired in this shooting , according to Edmonson . St. John the Baptist Sheriff 's Deputies Brandon Nielsen , 34 , and Jeremy Triche , 28 , were killed in the gunfire . Nielsen was married with five children and Triche had a wife and a 2-year-old son , Tregre told reporters . Deputy Jason Triche -- who is not related to Jeremy Triche -- was wounded in that shooting , according to Louisiana State Trooper Evan Harrell . Jason Triche is "  recovering very , very well " at LaPlace 's River Parishes Hospital , where Tregre visited him and said he believes that he was taken off a ventilator Friday and "  could n't really speak , but he could write . " As to the overall investigation , the state police superintendent stressed Friday that "  there are a lot of things that we do n't know and that we will find out , " vowing that authorities will "  very tediously , very delicately " compile evidence and interview witnesses . "  We 'll build our case on what we know now ,  including about  the individuals in the car . And now we are going to work our way back to the scene where those two deputies were killed , " Edmonson said . "  It 's going to take us a while to do that . " The slain and wounded sheriff 's deputies will be honored Friday at a candlelight vigil , which starts at 8 p.m.  9 p.m. ET  in front of the Percy Hebert Building in LaPlace , Tregre said . In addition , the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans will be lit in blue Friday night and there will be a moment of silence to remember Nielsen and Jeremy Triche before the New Orleans Saints take on the Jacksonville Jaguars in an NFL pre-season game , according to the sheriff . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspects are "  some of the most violent , evil people on the planet , " sheriff says NEW : 5 of those arrested were in a car that sped from the first shooting , state police say A Louisiana sheriff 's deputy directing traffic was shot and wounded , police have said A short time later , 2 responding deputies die and another is hurt in a nearby shooting
CNN  -- Bradley Wiggins ' bid to add the Giro d'Italia title to his Tour de France crown suffered another blow Saturday as the British cycling star lost more time in the eighth stage time trial . Wiggins , who crashed in wet conditions on Friday , dropped to more than a minute behind the new leader Vincenzo Nibali after a puncture forced him to change bikes . The 33-year-old battled back to take second place in the 54.8-kilometer stage between Gabicce Mare and Saltara , 10 seconds behind the winner -- his compatriot Alex Dowsett . Nibali was 21 seconds adrift in fourth but it was enough to give the Italian rider a 29-second advantage over Australia 's 2011 Tour de France winner Cadel Evans , who was seventh . Previous leader Benat Intxausti lost more than three and a half minutes as he dropped to 14th overall . Wiggins , who will not lead Team Sky at this year 's Tour , was frustrated after his latest setback . "  I think there was some initial disappointment because I wanted to win the stage , " he told his team 's website . "  It 's been a challenging few days with the crash yesterday and then to come back up . It was n't an easy course . "  Then obviously to have a puncture and have to change bikes and disrupt the rhythm is never going to help . But then the second part of the course was really suited to me and I took back a lot of time on people there . "  It 's put us right back up there now . It 's going to be a hell of a race for the next two weeks . " His former teammate Dowsett , the British time trial champion , is now racing for Spain 's Movistar alongside Intxausti in the three-week event -- one of the three elite races on the cycling calendar along with Le Tour and the Spanish Vuelta . "  I 'll need some time to digest this victory , I still ca n't believe it , " said the 24-year-old , who pledged to help Intxausti move back up the standings .	Bradley Wiggins second in eighth stage despite needing to change bike after puncture British cycling star is seeking to add Italian race title to his 2012 Tour de France win He is one minute and 16 seconds behind new leader Vincenzo Nibali of Italy Wiggins ' former teammate Alex Dowsett wins Saturday 's time trial
A nuclear missile base in Montana that failed a safety test this month has let its security chief go . The 341st Missile Wing at Malmstrom Air Force Base operates about a third of the nation 's Minuteman III nuclear missiles . It did not relieve Col. David Lynch from his command over the security forces group because of the failure , the base said in a statement released this week . But missile wing commander , Col. Robert Stanley , will feel more confident about passing the next inspection without him . Lynch led four squadrons and more than 1,200 people , whose duty it is to secure and protect the missile wing , which controls 150 long-range nuclear missile silos . Air Force unit fails nuke inspection The 341st was the second nuclear missile wing to stumble over a safety and security inspection this year . It received an "  unsatisfactory rating " after making "  tactical level errors " during one of several exercises conducted as part of the inspection . The errors were not related to the operation of nuclear missiles , one Air Force official said . The precise issue was not disclosed . The wing , which includes about 3,000 personnel in total , was not "  decertified " to conduct nuclear operations , which would have indicated a more significant failure . Earlier this year , another wing , based at Minot , North Dakota , did poorly in an inspection , resulting in the removal of 17 military personnel from their jobs . 17 Air Force officers stripped of authority to launch nuclear missiles A third missile wing is located at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming .	The base operates about a third of the nation 's Minuteman III nuclear missiles Its commander will feel more confident about passing the next inspection without him The security group with 1,200 people is responsible for protecting the nuclear operations
Hong Kong  CNN  -- For six mornings each week Hong Kong 's Aberdeen fish market is one of the busiest places in an already hyperactive city . Fishing boats unload their catch : still thrashing live fish caught in the South China Sea and more tropical waters further afield . From the murky holding tanks they 're soon dispatched in lorries to feed the city 's hearty appetite for live seafood . Around 30 tons each day are landed at the Aberdeen market alone , according to the Hong Kong 's Fish Marketing Organization , with six other live fish markets dotted across the territory . But while the market continues to do brisk business , the livelihood of the city 's fishermen has been in slow decline for years . "  It 's quite hard to do business now because there is not much supply , " says fisherman Mr Lee , proudly holding up his prize catch , a grouper large enough to make a dining table groan . "  We now do one trip only , with little supply we can not even out the cost . There is not much fish in the sea . " The specimen he was showing off came from thousands of miles away . That alone tells the story . Hong Kong 's territorial waters have severely depleted since the 1980s , according to the environmental group WWF . Although being close to fished out for years , it was only in January of this year that a five-year ban on trawling in Hong Kong waters came into effect . Championed by environmental groups , it 's proved controversial among some of the trawler owners and the fishermen and families that rely on the fishing fleet . The trawlers can still fish outside the banned area , but many of the vessels with their characteristic high bows remain idle in port with their nets folded ; their owners and crew relying on a slice of a $ 200 million government compensation fund . Even if fishing stocks do recover , many are doubtful the traditional way of life -- a part of Hong Kong 's culture for as long as the city has existed -- will ever really return . Preserving heritage Cheng Wah Ming was a lifelong fisherman who saw out many stormy periods in the industry until 2004 , when he swapped the high seas to join the Lamma Fisherfolk Village , located a few kilometers from Hong Kong 's main island . In place of nets and rigging , he now has buckets of fish feed at the fish farm and education center . "  From what I remember , in the 1950s and 1960s , the fishermen population in Hong Kong was close to 100,000 . Now I believe it 's less than 10,000 , " he says . Citing numerous reasons for the decline -- from fuel prices to declining stocks and the unstable income from fishing -- Cheng fears the recent ban could prove a final nail in the coffin of the local industry , one he wishes will be preserved as much as possible . "  I hope that people who have the passion can continue to work in the fishing industry . Hong Kong was a small fishing port and has now developed and become an international financial center . Not a lot of people know about Hong Kong 's fishing history and culture , so I think this project is worth trying . " Farming for the future Appetites wo n't abate for seafood and fish farming seems to be the answer . Around 70 % -80 % of fish sold at Aberdeen fish market already comes from fish farms and aquaculture facilities , mostly around mainland China . Making aquaculture environmentally sound is another issue ; much of the feed for fish farms comes from live caught "  trash fish " -- the price of which has increased in Hong Kong since the trawling ban . High-tech schemes , like OceanEthix indoor fish farm technology , housed on the 15th floor of a skyscraper 30 miles from the sea , offer some ingenious solutions to aquaculture 's problems of sustainability and quality . Using vast tanks to grow out valuable fish for the restaurant trade , the company has developed a method where the water is recycled and fish feed comes from sustainable sources , not trash fish . The demand for its fish , like live coral grouper , is in good health says Lloyd Moskalik , managing director of OceanEthix , but making it as affordable or cheaper than other products will be key to its success . "  In the long term the fishermen of Hong Kong do n't have much of a future , " Moskalik says . "  There 's a lot of lip service from wholesalers about a sustainable product , but really it comes down to the price mechanism . "	Hong Kong ban on trawling puts emphasis on aquaculture to meet growing demand for seafood Fish farms provide around 70 % of fish to local wholesale markets Many fear the traditional fisherman 's life will soon be a thing of the past High-tech indoor fish farm in Hong Kong provides new method of aquaculture
CNN  -- Hawaii Gov. Linda Lingle vetoed a civil unions bill Tuesday that would have given same-sex couples the same rights as heterosexual couples , saying the issue needs to be put to a referendum . "  I am vetoing this bill because I have become convinced that this issue is of such significant societal importance that it deserves to be decided directly by all the people of Hawaii , " Lingle said . "  The subject of this legislation has touched the hearts and minds of our citizens as no other social issue of our day . It would be a mistake to allow a decision of this magnitude to be made by one individual or a small group of elected officials . " Gay rights group decried Lingle 's decision . "  Today was the first time a civil unions bill passed both Houses in Hawaii by solid margins and was on the Governor 's desk for signing , " Jo-Ann Adams , chair of the GLBT Caucus of the Democratic Party of Hawaii , said in a statement . "  With such broad support from the legislators , who are the elected officials closest to the public , and the consistent results of the professional polls showing broad support for civil unions as a civil rights issue , we are deeply disappointed that the Governor ignored the will of the people and vetoed the bill . " Another group , Equality Hawaii , said the fight for equal rights will continue . "  Today is a sad day for the thousands of Hawaii families who remain second class citizens , " said Alan Spector , legislative affairs co-chair for Equality Hawaii . The governor said she understands why supporters of the bill are upset by her decision . "  This is a decision that should not be made by one person sitting in her office or by members of the Majority Party behind closed doors in a legislative caucus , but by all the people of Hawaii behind the curtain of the voting booth , " Lingle said in a statement . "  And while some will disagree with my decision to veto this bill , I hope most will agree that the flawed process legislators used does not reflect the dignity this issue deserves , and that a vote by all the people of Hawaii is the best and fairest way to address an issue that elicits such deeply felt emotion by those both for and against . " When the bill passed in April , civil union supporters cheered in the Capitol rotunda . But Lt. Gov. Duke Aiona said at the time lawmakers should n't have approved the measure . "  If the legislature wanted to establish the equivalent of same-sex marriage , they should have put it on the ballot for the people to decide , " he said then . Some religious groups had urged the governor to veto the legislation . "  We need you to mount a campaign to flood the governor 's office with requests to veto the bill , " Larry Silva , Catholic bishop of Honolulu , wrote on the diocese of Honolulu 's website at the time . Five U.S. states and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Hawaii would join New Jersey in allowing civil unions . Three states -- Rhode Island , New York , and Maryland -- recognize same-sex marriages from other states , according to the conference . California recognizes same-sex marriages performed during six months in 2008 after its Supreme Court granted same-sex couples the right to marry and before the passage of Proposition 8 , which overturned the court 's decision .	NEW : Lingle says issue needs to be put to a vote of the people Gay rights groups vows to press on The bill has met resistance from some lawmakers and religious leaders Five states and Washington , DC , issue marriage license to same-sex couples
CNN  -- This weekend , Saudi women will once again defy their nation 's long-standing driving ban and get behind the wheel , facing harassment , intimidation and arrest . On Saturday , the "  Women2Drive " campaign will renew Saudi women 's demand to exercise their right to drive . In many parts of Saudi Arabia , women are already driving and publishing online videos of themselves in the act . Interestingly , footage has also surfaced of Saudi men driving by and giving the thumbs-up sign to show their support . An informal Saudi ban on driving became official policy in November 1990 during the Gulf War . As female American soldiers based in Saudi Arabia drove freely through military bases , 47 Saudi women organized a convoy to drive the streets of Riyadh in protest against the law that restricted them . Officials arrested them and suspended many from their jobs . The Grand Mufti , the country 's most senior religious authority , declared a fatwa , or religious edict , against women driving because driving would expose women "  to temptation " and lead to "  social chaos . " Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz , then minister of interior , issued a decree on the basis of the fatwa banning driving for women . The Grand Mufti who issued the fatwa died in 1999 , as Prince Nayef did in 2012 , but the ban has remained . When King Abdullah came to power in 2005 , he said he believed that , "  the day will come when women drive . " That day might have arrived . Saudi Arabia issues warning to women drivers , protesters Saudi women launched the online "  Women2Drive " campaign in 2011 , perhaps inspired by women in Egypt , Yemen , Syria and Libya who stood shoulder to shoulder with men during uprisings to overthrow dictators and fight for freedom . They declared that starting on June 17 , 2011 , women with international drivers ' licenses should take to the roads . Scores drove , and many were stopped by traffic police . Their male guardians were forced to sign pledges that they would not allow the women to drive again . One woman was sentenced to 10 lashes ; later an appeals court overturned her sentence . Recently , Saudi Arabia has made several small advances in women 's rights . Women can stand as candidates and vote in municipal elections , next due in 2015 . They can work in various sectors without approval from their male guardians . The king has appointed 30 women to the Shura Council , his 150-member senior advisory body . Saudi Arabia has also recently passed a law criminalizing domestic violence . Despite these advances , Saudi women continue to face profound discrimination . The guardianship system still treats them as legal minors who can not conduct official government business , travel abroad , marry , pursue higher education or undergo certain medical procedures without permission from their male guardians -- a husband , father , brother or even a young son . Two leading women 's rights activists , Wajeha al-Huwaider and Fawzia al-Oyouni , who have also fought the driving ban , face imprisonment for trying to help a woman who said that her husband had locked her and her children in their home without food or water . Saudi blogger detained , but hopeful about campaign allowing women to drive The ban on driving may not be the most limiting form of discrimination for some Saudi women , yet it has become symbolic of a much deeper oppression that touches all aspects of women 's lives in the kingdom : It has become for Saudi women what a bus seat was to Rosa Parks and other African-Americans in the 1950s . To explain why women can not drive , Saudi authorities often use the excuse that "  society is not ready . " Yet on occasion , King Abdullah has chosen to ignore such arguments and sidestep the religious establishment . He opened the King Abdullah University for Science and Technology in 2009 as the first mixed-gender university in the kingdom . Then he fired a cleric on the Council of Senior Scholars , the highest state body for the interpretation of Islamic law , when the man spoke out against the mixing of men and women at the university . Recently , a cleric presented a new excuse to prohibit driving for women : he asserted that "  driving affects women 's ovaries . " While this absurd contention is unsubstantiated by any medical or scientific evidence , it may be significant in Saudi discourse because it seems to separate the prohibition on driving from Islamic law , or Sharia , claiming women should n't drive because of health risks , rather than any religious prohibition . Even the head of the religious police stated in September that Sharia has no text forbidding women from driving . In short , the Saudi government , having ratified the U.N. Convention on All Forms of Discrimination Against Women , is obliged to treat women equally and not enforce a discriminatory policy . As Saudi women take to the roads again , the world should join them in demanding an end to this denial of basic rights . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rothna Begum .	Rothna Begum : Saudi women to renew right-to-drive campaign this weekend She says women who have defied longtime ban have been arrested , fired from jobs She says nation has made small advances in women 's rights but they 're still oppressed Begum : World should join "  Women2Drive " campaign and denounce denial of this right
CNN  -- While there may be a fascination with Nadya Suleman and her brood , she is hardly the first . "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " is one of the more popular shows featuring a large family with multiples . The mother of 14 , dubbed "  Octomom " after the birth of her octuplets in January , is the target of much speculation these days as to whether she and her multitude will become the subjects of a reality show . But programming centered on large families and those containing multiples has long been popular . With so many struggling to keep up with the homework and extracurricular activities -- as well as the financial responsibilities -- of one or two children , American viewers seem fascinated with watching parents juggle life with so many kids . "  People tell me all the time , ` But for the grace of God it could be me , ' " said Bill Hayes , founder of Figure 8 Films , the production company behind the popular shows "  Jon & Kate Plus Eight " and "  18 and Counting , " the latter of which features the Duggar family . "  People relate that it 's a challenge to have any children , much less so many . " "  Jon & Kate Plus Eight " has been a ratings juggernaut and follows the lives of Jon and Kate Gosselin and their eight children , including fraternal twin girls and a mixed-sex set of fraternal sextuplets  three girls and three boys  . Watch Kate Gosselin discuss the challenges of parenting " Hayes ' company brought the family 's story to television , as well as that of Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar , who are the parents of 18 children  all conceived without the use of fertility drugs  . The Duggars recently announced they 're soon to be first-time grandparents . Viewers enjoy watching wholesome , family programming , especially when the subjects are as relatable as the Gosselins , Hayes said . The couple is often shown dealing with the stress that comes with having eight children under the age of 9 . "  Family is very important for many people , " he said . "  Most of us struggle with our family lives . It 's not easy typically in most families . We 're fortunate that Jon and Kate are very emotionally honest and they come clean . " Fame comes with a cost , however , and the couple has become tabloid fodder with stories of interfamily squabbles and marital discord . Cable networks like TLC , Discovery Health  which are both a part of Discovery Communications  and WE : Women 's Entertainment have found success with programming about super-sized families . Imitation is the sincerest form of television , comedian Fred Allen once said , and TLC in particular has made the most of its large families . In addition to the Gosselins and the Duggars , the network recently debuted "  Table for 12 , " which chronicles the daily experiences of Eric and Betty Hayes and their three sets of multiples . All told , the Hayeses have 10 children , including a special-needs child . Eileen O'Neill , president and general manger for TLC , said viewers tune in to see how it all works . "  There 's that innate kind of curiosity about a family on a scale of the Duggars or ` Jon & Kate , ' whether it 's multiples or sheer number , " O'Neill said .  She should know : She 's a twin herself .  "  Those logistics are fascinating as well as entertaining and ultimately inspiring . So many of us are part of families or run a family and I think seeing it on a super-sized level is inherently appealing . " As more women turn to fertility medication to help them conceive , the odds of multiple births increase . Maureen Doolan Boyle is executive director of MOST  Mothers of SuperTwins  a Long Island , New York-based organization that has worked with more than 20,000 families since its founding in 1987 . Attitudes about multiple births vary around the world , Doolan Boyle said . In some cultures a large brood is welcomed ; in others , it 's viewed as a "  freak show " or a curse . Canada 's Dionne quintuplets , a group of five girls born to an Ontario farming family in 1934 , became such a sideshow . When the girls were 5 months old , the provincial government declared the parents unfit and put the sisters under the care of a doctor and other guardians . The Dionnes were put on display in a nursery across the road from their family 's farmhouse , becoming a huge tourist attraction . They even appeared in a handful of films before their parents regained custody in 1943 . That "  freak show factor " is one of the reasons there has been so much buzz surrounding Suleman and her family of 14 children , said Michael Levine of LCO , a Los Angeles-based public relations firm . Watch whether Suleman is close to signing a deal " As reality shows push boundaries to gain viewers , Levine said he understands the interest in a series on the octuplet mom and her family , but adds that he has doubts a deal can be struck because of the liability issues surrounding putting the children on television . "  What was novel three years ago is no longer novel , and I predict craziness to be the order of the day when it comes to reality television , " he said . Still , he sees the attraction : "  Big families provide a very wonderful context for a lot of conflict and complexity that most people can relate to , " he said . TLC 's O'Neill said there are no plans at this time to have a Suleman show on her network . "  We are watching that story develop at a distance and hoping for the best for that family , " O'Neill said .	Reality shows about large families bring big ratings for cable networks TLC is one that has found success featuring super-sized families Buzz surrounds possible show featuring octuplet mom and her children Expert : Such large families offer "  freak show " factor
When I started my initiative that led to the creation of Grameen Bank , my ambition was small and simple -- to help the poor people in Jobra , a village in Bangladesh . I thought if I could give them access to a small amount of money , maybe their lives could change for the better . I never imagined the scale of impact that idea would have today . Watch video : Yunus on how we can create social fiction I began my work in the 1970s when I was teaching at a university in Bangladesh . The economic theories that I had learned stopped ringing true for me when I saw the misery of people all around me . I decided that I would drop the theories and go out to see if I could help just one person a day in the village outside of the university . After talking with some women , I found out how they became victims of money lenders in carrying out their livelihood pursuits . They were forced to pay exorbitant interest rates and subjected to other oppressive terms on the tiny loans they were given . I thought I can protect them by offering the loans myself . I gave 42 people a total of $ 27 of my own money as loan to solve their problems . They used that to free themselves from the loan sharks and were able to pay me back later . From this tiny experience , Grameen Bank was born . Over the course of three decades , through this bank , we lent to more than 8.4 million borrowers in Bangladesh , giving them fair loans and a fair chance to climb out of poverty . Unlike banks in the traditional system , Grameen works on the assumption that even the poorest of the poor can manage their own financial affairs given the right conditions . Starting loans are about $ 40 . Today , the average loan is just about $ 200 and our repayment rates are at 97 % . Our borrowers are mainly women  97 %  . They own this bank by buying shares of the bank with funds from their savings accounts in the bank . This system was designed to ensure that the bank focus on alleviating poverty as well as its commitment to addressing the needs of its clients . Microfinance is now a well-known term . It has evolved on a much larger global scale with microfinance institutions to extend loans to more than 160 million people . It has affected the lives of about 1 billion people in developing countries . During my journey to build up Grameen Bank , I also created many other self-sustaining enterprises to address the problems faced by the people we worked with -- the rural poor . That was the start of social business -- a new type of business that focuses on solving social problems , rather than just making money , which I later elaborated in my book , "  Creating a World without Poverty and Building Social Business . " A social business offers an alternative to the capitalist model . The essence of social business is to create a business that is focused on solving human problems rather than making a personal profit . It is a nondividend company designed to address a social objective within the framework of existing marketplace . It is different from a nonprofit because the business should seek to generate a modest profit , which would be used to expand the company 's reach and improve the product or service . Social business has to be sustainable and is able to return the amount invested . But investors do not receive any further dividend after that point . I have created many such enterprises . In recent years , many international businesses became interested in collaborating with us -- including Danone , Veolia , BASF , Uniqlo , McCain , BR Foods and Intel . We set up joint ventures with them , making use of their technological expertise to solve problems such as malnutrition , unclean drinking water , mosquito-borne diseases , unemployment and maternal health issues . We also created some successful standalone social businesses such as Grameen Shakti , which supplies solar energy to off-grid villages , and Grameen Eye Care Hospital , which provides affordable cataract surgeries and other eye care treatments in rural areas . Glasgow Caledonian University has teamed up with us to establish a nursing college , offering tertiary education to rural village girls . In 2010 , I met Saskia Bruysten who , coming from a management consulting background , shared in the belief of bringing a business approach to solving social issues . Together we created Yunus Social Business , an incubator fund that lends to social business entrepreneurs around the world . YSB 's concept is simple . We select the most promising business plans created by local people that are designed to solve local problems in a sustainable way . After recouping the initial investment , all profits will be reinvested into the business or used in some way to benefit the customers . YSB makes investments in such businesses through its fund and takes no profits . Everything goes back to the community . Since 2011 , YSB has grown rapidly and is operating in eight countries  Haiti , Albania , Brazil , Costa Rica , Colombia , India , Tunisia and Uganda  . With the world population crossing 7 billion people , it is more crucial than ever that we re-evaluate the concept of capitalism . Will we continue to sacrifice the environment , our health and our children 's future in the relentless pursuit of personal profit and power ? Or will we take the destiny of the planet into our hands by reimagining a world where we put the needs of all people at the center ? Will our sustainable business model without seeking personal profit become a means to achieving those needs ? I have come far on my journey from lending $ 27 to 42 people in Jobra . But my ambition remains the same : Can I empower the poor to change their circumstances and bring the power of business to solve problems by reorienting people from profit-seeking to enjoying the pleasure of being a creator of a better world ? This is the mission of Yunus Social Business and the journey I continue .	Muhammad Yunus : I started Grameen Bank with the simple idea of helping the poor Yunus : Today , microfinance has affected the lives of about 1 billion people worldwide He says social business focuses more on solving social problems and less on profit Yunus : We need to re-evaluate capitalism , empower the poor and build a better world
CNN  -- In European soccer , the punishment for racially abusing an opponent is a 10-match ban . In American football , the same offense could result in the offending team being penalized 15 yards . That 's the proposal on the table when the NFL 's Competitions Committee meets next week , as the body considers penalizing players for using abusive language during games . High on the list of derogatory slurs the NFL is trying to outlaw is use of the ` N-word ' , while penalties for homophobic comments are also being discussed . A second incident could result in ejection . "  It is a potential rule modification being discussed by our Competition Committee , " the NFL statement read . "  The committee has not decided on a formal proposal to our clubs , who have to approve rule changes by a 3/4 vote  24 of 32 teams  . "  Rule change proposals are presented to our teams at our annual league meeting in late March . "  The game officials already have substantial authority to police verbal abuse/unsportsmanlike conduct and they understand the league 's focus on respect . " Should the Competitions Committee decide to approve the proposal , the body will then present their findings to the NFL 's owners at a meeting in March . Racism became a major issue in the NFL last year after the Miami Dolphins suspended offensive lineman Richie Incognito for detrimental conduct following allegations of misconduct from teammate Jonathan Martin . An independent investigation found continuing threats and verbal and physical abuse , text messages , racial slurs and vulgar sexual comments made about Martin 's mother and sister by Incognito and some of his Dolphins teammates . Another Dolphins player , an unnamed offensive lineman , was allegedly subjected to homophobic name calling and improper physical touching . Incognito 's lawyer said the report is replete with errors , adding : "  The truth ... is that Jonathan Martin was never bullied by Richie Incognito or any member of the Dolphins ' Offensive line , " said Attorney Mark Schamel , in a statement to CNN . In Europe , racism generated plenty of unwanted headlines throughout 2013 - a year which featured two walk-offs involving famous Italian side AC Milan . Former Ghana international Kevin-Prince Boateng led his team off during a friendly against lower tier Pro Patria in January , while Guinea 's Kevin Constant simply left the pitch himself in a separate incident during a match against Serie A side Sassuolo in July . One of the most high profile cases came in 2011 when Liverpool star Luis Suarez was banned for eight games after a football association panel found him guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . In Italy , several clubs have been punished after their fans were adjudged to have racially abused visiting players - with Lazio alone having paid $ 300,000 in fines last year after being charged four times by European football 's governing body UEFA . Last year , UEFA announced that players and officials will face a 10-match ban if found guilty of racist abuse . Hidden Dangers ? In the United States , Ozzie Newscome -- general manager of the Baltimove Ravens and a member of the NFL 's competition committee -- believes the proposals need thorough testing before any implementation . "  With any rule that we put into play , we have to look at it from A to Z and find out what are the unintended consequences as much as the consequences , " he was quoted as saying on the NFL website . "  But as it was stated in our meeting , there are mics everywhere . So , if something is being said , it 's probably going to be captured somewhere . So , it would be an opportunity to get it verified if we had to . " Last week , the head of the Fritz Pollard Alliance , an organization dedicated to promoting diversity and equality of job opportunity in the NFL , said he would be surprised should the move fail to go through . "  I will be totally shocked if the competition committee does not uphold us on what we 're trying to do , " said John Wooten , the group 's Chairman , in an interview with CBSSports.com . "  We want this word to be policed from the parking lot to the equipment room to the locker room . Secretaries , PR people , whoever , we want it eliminated completely and want it policed everywhere . " Last December , shortly after the Incognito story broke , Fritz Pollard called on NFL players to stop using the ` N-word ' . "  Simply put , from this day forward please choose to not use the "  N " word . Period ! , " their statement read . "  Do not take the position that you are not bothered by the word . If you tolerate the language being used casually now , at some point in the future , either as a current or former player , you may hear it directed at you . How do you think you will respond ? " In an interview with ESPN , Pittsburgh Steelers safety Ryan Clark , explained that the use of racial slurs is not always as it seems . "  I think it 's going to be really tough to legislate this rule , to find a way to penalize everyone who uses this word , " said Clark . "  And it 's not going to be white players using it toward black players . Most of the time you hear it , it 's black players using the word . "	NFL Committee to decide on whether to punish slurs with on-pitch penalties Team guilty of abusive language would be penalized 15 yards Decision to change rules could take place as early as next month Mooted change follows Miami Dolphins scandal of last year
CNN  On Thursday , NPR -- headquartered in Washington , just 40 miles away from Baltimore -- ran its latest update on the urban turmoil that has erupted in the wake of the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray because of still-unexplained spinal injuries that occurred while he was under police custody . Unfortunately , while it was a freshly produced segment , it was hardly a new story . Titled "  Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians , " the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal "  what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city , " going on state that a key ingredient of the unrest was African-Americans "  targeting Asian-owned businesses for destruction . " A similar claim was made after Ferguson 's uprising in August of last year . Indeed , it has been a toxic feature of the coverage of many episodes of mass metropolitan violence since the late 1980s , the era during which the trope of widespread hostility between Asian and black communities first took root in the media consciousness . Yes , interethnic tensions continue to exist , though they are hardly limited to Asians and blacks . And yes , this has resulted in troubling incidents and tragedies on both sides . But while reports say that during the chaotic social breakdowns of the past year , black-owned businesses were mostly protected during bouts of violence , there 's little evidence to suggest a pattern in which Asian businesses have been actively targeted out of racial animus . Instead , it seems as if Asian-owned stores have experienced damage partly because they make up a portion of establishments operating in the most economically vulnerable and socially volatile of neighborhoods . In other words , they were collateral damage , along with other stores in the vicinity of riots . So it 's time to call this persistent meme what it is : A misleading , hyperbolic and dangerous distraction , one that shifts blame away from the real issues . As Jennifer Lee , sociology professor at University of California , Irvine , and author of the 2002 book "  Civility in the City : Blacks , Jews and Koreans in Urban America , " notes , "  the mainstream media continues to pit minority groups against one another to draw attention from larger structural problems that plague poor , disadvantaged communities . By directing our attention to interminority conflict , it directs blame away from the structures that perpetuate gross inequality and toward individual problems . " Let 's be honest . There were then -- and still are -- legitimate issues that exist between immigrant storeowners and the largely African American customers they serve that are rooted in extensive cultural differences . There 's no denying that friction exists in the daily transaction between embattled communities trying hard to coexist under economic and social pressures . For example , in 1993 , the robbery and shooting of Joel Lee , a 21-year-old Korean American at Towson State University , and the subsequent acquittal of his killer , was a point of contention between the Korean and African American communities . But things are different now . Decades after the height of media-inflamed tension between Asian and African Americans , patterns of immigration have shifted . Stores once operated by recent Korean immigrants are now owned by strivers from South Asia , the Middle East and Africa . The population of Baltimore has shrunk and its economy has contracted . Among merchants , there 's ever-greater recognition that they and their customers are tied by a red thread , surviving or failing together . For decades , black and Asian advocacy groups have been trying to bridge differences between the communities . For example , the Baltimore-based Korean-American Grocers & Licensed Beverage Association of Maryland , founded in 1995 , has worked to support its entrepreneurial members in their own attempts to address longstanding issues of neglect and abuse by Baltimore 's police , while also encouraging them to build deeper ties with their constituents . A KAGRO-sponsored annual scholarship program has given hundreds of thousands of dollars in college grants to children growing up in the Baltimore neighborhoods their member retailers serve . These are n't the kind of stories you 'll hear in the media . It 's easier to focus on attention-grabbing anecdotes rather than the long , hard work of adjustment and accommodation going on within and around communities . Back in 1995 , the Baltimore Sun profiled Soon Jae and Eun Ja Lee , owners of Lee 's Food Market in the West Baltimore 's Sandtown neighborhood -- the same part of the city that NPR called out as a locus of Asian-black tension . The story highlighted the Lees ' openness to the community , their politeness and care for their customers and their outstanding generosity , which includes both free snacks to schoolchildren and the distribution of tens of thousands of free food baskets to needy local families each year . I spoke with Eun Ja Lee , calling her without warning to check on the status of the Lees ' four-decade-old business after the violence of Monday and Tuesday . Were they open ? Were they safe ? "  Oh , of course we 're open , we 're always open ! " said Mrs. Lee , warmly and brightly . "  This week , many customers came in and said to me ` Mrs. Lee , do n't worry you are part of our community , you are our family . We will make sure you are OK -- just stay open ! ' We love it . We love it . " And yet , no one has come and interviewed her at their untouched and fully operational family market , nor have they talked with her customers , stoutly loyal after 37 years of patronage . Reinforcing the tired narrative of black-Asian interracial tension generates heat , but not light . There 's a far more complex and nuanced relationship between these two urban populations , one that is in an ongoing state of evolution -- and it deserves to be told , not buried under cliches and clickbait .	Jeff Yang : The media has a misconception about urban unrest in light of Baltimore turmoil He says there 's no pattern of African Americans "  targeting Asian-owned businesses for destruction "
CNN  -- No one paying attention to the events in Ferguson , Missouri , since August will be surprised by the grand jury decision last week to not indict Officer Darren Wilson . But beyond the fact that the racial make-up of a jury significantly impacts the final results , and that police are far too rarely held accountable for shooting men of color in this country , there was something else that made this ruling feel inevitable : the unmitigated failure of government at civic , local , state and yes , even national level . Sadly , the decision represents everything that is wrong with America today . In high school , you learn that one of the greatest things about America is how multiple levels of government and society work together to solve problems . Civil society made up of churches and volunteer groups work with local government , which gets help from the state government , which itself works in concert with and sometimes independent of the federal government . But in Ferguson , nothing seemed to be working . Indeed , the poor local civil society response to Ferguson was one of the reasons why Brown 's tragic death and the subsequent social unrest occurred . In the best-case scenario , community leaders would have banded together following the shooting and developed a long-term political and protest plan to pressure for change . But that did n't happen . Are protests taking place near you ? I attended local meetings where the white community in Ferguson pretended that nothing happened , huge church meetings were held where few African-Americans were invited , and the passive/aggressive "  I Love Ferguson " campaign acted as a racial dog whistle that everyone could hear . Meanwhile , despite a documented history of police harassment , the local black community in Ferguson was pretty disorganized as well . Much of the organizational leadership had to come from outside of Ferguson because the community was so beat down that there was a dearth of strong local voices in the area . Part of the reason why Ferguson Missouri broke into riots and every celebrity from rapper Nelly to Iyanla Vanzant descended upon the area was because there was a vacuum of local leadership to funnel anger and vocalize demands . And although Ferguson Mayor James Knowles obviously did n't realize he 'd end up in the national spotlight when he took office in April , that does n't excuse his weak response as unrest overtook the city . Justice system unfair to minorities Several local mayors that I spoke to from neighboring towns said Knowles ignored their advice in the aftermath of the shooting . And it is unclear why Knowles failed to demand that the local police promptly release a police report , which is standard procedure in any shooting . The county getting involved did n't make things any better , and placing Robert McCulloch in charge of the prosecution , a man who was seen as having strong local connections to police , was bound to leave residents skeptical . And local civic groups who reportedly collected over 3,000 new voter registrations after the shooting were allegedly quiet when a report emerged claiming that the St. Louis County Elections Board had dramatically revised down the number of registrations , with the board reportedly saying that it was simply a "  mistake . " The state level government was no better . In fact , Gov. Jay Nixon 's administration gave a lesson on how not to govern . A short list of his failures ? Failing to send trained National Guard to Ferguson the moment that political unrest was apparent , failing to appoint a special prosecutor for the case when clearly the County Prosecutor 's objectivity had been called into question , and then declaring a state of emergency a week before the grand jury even announced their decision . Both symbolically and in practical terms , he was a failure all around . Finally , at the federal level , President Barack Obama 's spectacular failure in the entire Ferguson saga has been well-documented and debated . The fairest conclusion to draw is that he did little or nothing to help the men and women suffering in Ferguson , instead blathering on in two speeches about respectability politics . True , Obama dispatched Attorney General Eric Holder to Ferguson as protests unfolded in August , and the fact that the Department of Justice is investigating Ferguson is clearly welcome . But that is a slow and overall less than satisfying process . After all , it 's been two years since Trayvon Martin was killed and the DOJ has n't produced any indictments there yet . There 's no reason to think that the wheels of justice in Ferguson will move any faster . On top of this , there is the disturbing fact that the single solution that Obama offered ,  which I suggested at the time  that the 1033 Program allowing local police to get military surplus for free , with no supervision , be reviewed by the federal government seems to have died a slow and ignominious death . Why do I point all of these things out ? Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson Because whatever you think of the decision not to indict Darren Wilson for shooting Brown , basic government functions such as voter registration , police transparency , review of controversial programs , selecting objective prosecutors and community engagement are basic government functions that should have worked far better in response . If any of these entities at any level were functioning properly , the violence in Ferguson could have been largely prevented and the public would have a lot more faith in the grand jury decision that came out today . Instead , the lack of an indictment is yet another reflection of our broken government . It is a sad day for America when a whole nation -- and in fact the world -- can watch this country eat its own citizens in fire and tear gas . And it 's a failure that falls on every single level of society . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Jason Johnson : Ferguson response shows failures at all levels Both government and civil society have responded poorly , he says Lack of long-term political plan is noteworthy , Johnson writes
CNN  -- A Michigan toddler has died of enterovirus D68 , another reminder of the deadly potential of a disease that has infected hundreds nationwide in two months . Madeline Reid died at Children 's Hospital of Michigan , where she had been transferred "  for advanced services , " according to the Detroit hospital 's chief medical officer , Dr. Rudolph Valentini . "  The CDC confirmed EV-D68 after her arrival here , and she subsequently succumbed to her illness , " Valentini said . A Facebook page , dubbed "  Team Maddie ! , " devoted to the 21-month-old 's plight also confirmed the sad news . "  Madeline Reid became our angel at 2:55 p.m.  Friday  , " read one post . "  She passed peacefully in her mother and father 's arms . " The little girl 's death spurred an outpouring of condolences online , from "  rest in peace sweet baby girl " to "  enjoy your wings . " One of them read : "  Your daughter touched more lives than you 'll probably ever know . May your Angel rest now . " Enterovirus is very common , with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimating 10 million to 15 million infections each year in the United States . But like the flu or other viruses , not all the roughly 100 enterovirus strains are the same . D68 is particularly pernicious . Authorities say this strain has sent more children than usual to the hospital with severe respiratory illness . It seems to be most affecting children with a history of asthma or breathing problems . Yet there are exceptions , such as a 4-year-old from Hamilton Township , New Jersey , who went to bed "  asymptomatic and fine " only to be found dead the next morning , said Jeff Plunkett , Hamilton Township health officer . Boy went to bed fine , did n't wake up -- due to enterovirus D68 Enterovirus may also be linked to a small number of cases of a mysterious neurologic illness in Colorado , Boston and Michigan . Doctors in Colorado spotted it first : a group of 10 children hospitalized with limb weakness , cranial nerve dysfunction and abnormalities in their spinal gray matter Staff at Boston Children 's Hospital have since identified four patients with the same symptoms . And a child in Washtenaw County , Michigan , has also developed partial paralysis in the lower limbs after being hospitalized with the virus , according to the Michigan Department of Community Health . Parents growing anxious about enterovirus D68 As of Friday , the CDC and state public health laboratories had documented 691 cases of enterovirus D68 in 46 states and the District of Columbia . Five patients who died had the virus strain , even if it 's not certain all of them died because of it . Madeline 's case is not yet counted in this tally . There will be more cases , and perhaps more deaths , in the coming weeks , officials said . Part of this has to do with a backlog on samples , with the CDC explaining "  it can take a while ... because the testing is complex and slower and can only be done by  the  CDC and a small number of state public health laboratories . " The virus also has not yet run its course . As the CDC pointed out , "  Enteroviruses commonly circulate in summer and fall . We 're currently in the middle of the enterovirus season . " CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	A little girl named Madeline Reid dies at Children 's Hospital of Michigan The CDC found she had enterovirus D68 , which she died of , doctor says Enterovirus D68 is a pernicious strain of a common virus ; children are most vulnerable CDC confirms 691 enterovirus D68 cases in 46 states ; says numbers will rise
CNN  -- A now-retracted British study that linked autism to childhood vaccines is an "  elaborate fraud , " according to a medical journal -- a charge the physician behind the study vigorously denies . The British medical journal BMJ , which published the results of its investigation , concluded Dr. Andrew Wakefield misrepresented or altered the medical histories of all 12 of the patients whose cases formed the basis of the 1998 study -- and that there was "  no doubt " Wakefield was responsible . The journalist who wrote the BMJ articles said Thursday he believes Wakefield should face criminal charges . However , Wakefield said his work has been "  grossly distorted . " Speaking on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " he said Wednesday he is the target of "  a ruthless , pragmatic attempt to crush any attempt to investigate valid vaccine safety concerns . " The medical publication says the study has done long-lasting damage to public health . Read autism coverage on "  The Chart " blog . "  It 's one thing to have a bad study , a study full of error , and for the authors then to admit that they made errors , " Fiona Godlee , BMJ 's editor-in-chief , told CNN . "  But in this case , we have a very different picture of what seems to be a deliberate attempt to create an impression that there was a link by falsifying the data . " Britain stripped Wakefield of his medical license in May . What causes autism ? "  Meanwhile , the damage to public health continues , fueled by unbalanced media reporting and an ineffective response from government , researchers , journals and the medical profession , " BMJ states in an editorial accompanying the work . Wakefield dismissed Brian Deer , the writer of the British Medical Journal articles , as "  a hit man who has been brought in to take me down " by pharmaceutical interests . Deer has signed a disclosure form stating that he has no financial interest in the business . On CNN 's "  American Morning " Thursday , Deer did not deny he was paid by the BMJ . "  I was commissioned by BMJ to write the piece , " he said . "  That 's what journalists do . " He said he is also paid by the Sunday Times of London , where he has been employed since the early 1980s . "  I was being paid as a journalist , " he told CNN 's Kiran Chetry . "  Like you are . You 're being paid to do your job . " "  The point you have to remember about all this , firstly , it 's not me saying this . It 's the editors of the BMJ , " Deer said . " ... Secondly , this material has been published in the United Kingdom in extraordinary detail . If it is true that Andrew Wakefield is not guilty as charged , he has the remedy of bringing a libel action against myself , the Sunday Times of London , against the medical journal here , and he would be the richest man in America . " He said Wakefield 's remarks amount to a smear campaign against him , noting that Wakefield has previously sued him and lost . The autism assignment was a "  routine assignment " given to him in 2003 , he said , adding that he expected it to be finished in a week or two . However , "  when you 're a journalist and you see that somebody you 're dealing with is lying to you , " it must be pursued , he said . Wakefield , he said , is attempting to "  cloud the picture ... Some people say he 's a liar and he says I 'm a liar . What he 's basically trying to do is split the difference . " Allegations that he is in collusion with the pharmaceutical industry are "  another one of Andrew Wakefield 's concoctions , " Deer said . "  He knows it 's not true . " Asked whether he thinks Wakefield should face criminal charges , Deer said , "  I personally do . " In addition , he said the Department of Homeland Security should take a close look at Wakefield 's visa application and how he got into the United States , "  how he 's been able to export his mischief . " Wendy Fournier , president of the National Autism Association , defended Wakefield in a CNN interview . "  I can not imagine for a second that Dr. Wakefield would have any reason to falsify data , " she said . "  He 's a man of integrity and honesty and truly wants to find the answers for millions of children who have been affected by autism . " Fournier accused pharmaceutical companies of trying to protect their turf . "  You ca n't question vaccines without being destroyed , " she said . "  There 's too much money at stake here . " J.B. Handley , the father of an 8-year-old with autism and a co-founder of Generation Rescue -- a group that believes there 's a connection between autism and vaccinations -- also questioned the motivation behind the investigation into Wakefield 's work . "  Children are given 36 vaccines in the U.S. by the time they reach the age of five , " he said . "  This is an attempt to whitewash , once and for all , the notion that vaccines cause autism . " The now-discredited paper panicked many parents and led to a sharp drop in the number of children getting the vaccine that prevents measles , mumps and rubella . Vaccination rates dropped sharply in Britain after its publication , falling as low as 80 % by 2004 . Measles cases have gone up sharply in the ensuing years . In the United States , more cases of measles were reported in 2008 than in any other year since 1997 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . More than 90 % of those infected had not been vaccinated or their vaccination status was unknown , the CDC reported . "  But perhaps as important as the scare 's effect on infectious disease is the energy , emotion and money that have been diverted away from efforts to understand the real causes of autism and how to help children and families who live with it , " the BMJ editorial states . Wakefield has been unable to reproduce his results in the face of criticism , and other researchers have been unable to match them . Most of his co-authors withdrew their names from the study in 2004 after learning he had had been paid by a law firm that intended to sue vaccine manufacturers -- a serious conflict of interest he failed to disclose . After years of controversy , the Lancet , the prestigious journal that originally published the research , retracted Wakefield 's paper last February . Actress Jenny McCarthy , founder of Generation Rescue and whose son also has autism , declined to comment on Wednesday 's developments , but has previously supported Wakefield . "  It is our most sincere belief that Dr. Wakefield and parents of children with autism around the world are being subjected to a remarkable media campaign engineered by vaccine manufacturers reporting on the retraction , " she said after the Lancet retraction . Deer said Wakefield "  chiseled " the data before him , "  falsifying medical histories of children and essentially concocting a picture , which was the picture he was contracted to find by lawyers hoping to sue vaccine manufacturers and to create a vaccine scare . " According to BMJ , Wakefield received more than 435,000 pounds  $ 674,000  from the lawyers . Godlee , the journal 's editor-in-chief , said the study shows that of the 12 cases Wakefield examined in his paper , five showed developmental problems before receiving the MMR vaccine and three never had autism . "  It 's always hard to explain fraud and where it affects people to lie in science , " Godlee said . "  But it does seem a financial motive was underlying this , both in terms of payments by lawyers and through legal aid grants that he received but also through financial schemes that he hoped would benefit him through diagnostic and other tests for autism and MMR-related issues . " But Wakefield told CNN that claims of a link between the MMR vaccine and autism "  came from the parents , not me , " and that his paper had "  nothing to do with the litigation . " "  These children were seen on the basis of their clinical symptoms , for their clinical need , and they were seen by expert clinicians and their disease diagnosed by them , not by me , " he said . Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies & Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , said the reporting "  represents Wakefield as a person where the ends justified the means . " But he said the latest news may have little effect on those families who still blame vaccines for their children 's conditions . "  Unfortunately , his core group of supporters is not going to let the facts dissuade their beliefs that MMR causes autism , " Wiznitzer said . "  They need to be open-minded and examine the information as everybody else . " Wakefield 's defenders include David Kirby , a journalist who has written extensively on autism . He told CNN that Wakefield not only has denied falsifying data , he has said he had no way to do so . "  I have known him for a number of years . He does not strike me as a charlatan or a liar , " Kirby said . If the BMJ allegations are true , then Wakefield "  did a terrible thing " -- but he added , "  I personally find it hard to believe that he did that . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Miriam Falco and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	The journalist who wrote the articles says Wakefield should face criminal charges Wakefield says his work has been "  grossly distorted " British journal BMJ accuses Wakefield of faking data for his 1998 paper The study was retracted and Wakefield lost his license in 2010
CNN  Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election . Although she has watched her standing in the polls sag in recent months , there is likely to be a boost in the days that follow the announcement . For Democrats , there is ample reason to be excited about Clinton 's run for the presidency . She is certainly one of the strongest candidates in many decades . She brings to the table extensive political and policy experience , a combination of skills that is often lacking . She has been through some of the roughest partisan wars and emerged stronger than ever before . She has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media , how to use it to her advantage and how to survive scandal frenzies . She is a hardened , tough partisan who will not shy away from Republican attack . Americans have many positive memories of Clinton name , given the booming economy of the late 1990s during Bill Clinton 's presidency . If Hillary Clinton puts together an effective campaign , she could be unbeatable in the Democratic primaries as well as in the general election . However , during the buildup to her final decision , some of her weaknesses have also been exposed . Clinton does n't want to end up like Vice President Al Gore in 2000 . Although he did relatively well in the final election  with many Americans believing that he did actually defeat George W. Bush  he did n't generate much energy once the campaign started . Although he too was touted as a "  perfect " candidate who was the ideal person for the job , something seemed stiff and inauthentic when he actually hit the trail . He seemed to freeze when the television cameras were rolling . Gore had trouble connecting with voters , and he seemed to remake his image constantly . His biggest asset ended up being that he was viewed as the inevitable nominee , rather than what he actually stood for . Clinton must avoid following Gore 's path . She suffered this fate in the 2008 primaries and ca n't afford to do so again . She needs to do more than rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable and on her record of experience . That is not enough . More important is for her to put forth an exciting vision about what she would stand for in the White House . Voters thirst for signs of greatness when they pick their presidents , even if they are savvy enough to understand that the reality of a polarized Washington will probably limit her ability to achieve bold change . A recent story in The Washington Post suggests that her advisers are aware of this potential liability . After the announcement , they are going to avoid big rallies and events and instead concentrate on smaller events where she will meet with voters directly in states such as Iowa and New Hampshire . Clinton also will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity . In his first day on the campaign trail , Sen. Rand Paul immediately tapped into these concerns by raising questions about whether she could be trusted . That question has dogged the Clintons ever since they came onto the national political scene in the late 1980s . Their greatest virtue , their immense skills as politicians , has often come back to haunt them . Bill Clinton was attacked as "  slick Willie " by members of both parties for the perception that he would say anything to win and Hillary Clinton has faced similar criticism . When she tried to distance herself from her vote for the use of force in Iraq , many Democrats did n't buy her critique of President George W. Bush 's foreign policies and went for Barack Obama instead . When she conducted her "  listening tour " of New York before running for the Senate , many voters saw it as a manufactured effort to hide the fact she was running for office as an outsider . When she explained that there was nothing to the recent stories about her use of a private email server rather than her State Department email , some felt that even if the story was relatively minor it indicated that she was n't always telling us what she was really about . Even if she is n't hiding anything , she often gives that appearance . During the next few months , Clinton will also have to connect with her party 's base . The ongoing speculation about Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has suggested that the most active part of the Democratic Party is not that enthused with Clinton 's candidacy . While they will probably vote for her , they are not very motivated and do n't trust that she will stand for Democratic values . She will need to address these concerns , not through her style but through her agenda . Voters will want to hear her talking about issues such as tougher financial regulation and policies to diminish economic inequality as well as her positions on race and policing . She will also need to make clear that she has heard voters on being too hawkish about going to war and give clear indications about how she would handle a nuclear agreement with Iran . Clinton will also have to contend with the gender bias that still exists in the electorate at large . Without any doubt she will be subject to questions and comments -- about her appearance , for instance -- that wo n't be aimed at male candidates . Part of her candidacy is itself an effort to break down these remaining vestiges of political sexism . But the struggle will be tough . Finally , and this relates to the last challenge , Clinton will have to contend with her husband . To be sure he can be an immense force on the campaign trail , one of the most compelling Democrats of our generation . But he can also be liability . As she learned in 2008 , Bill Clinton is not always easy to control . When he speaks his mind , as he did in dismissive comments about Obama 's candidacy , it can often work against her . The fund-raising records of the Clinton Foundation will also raise questions about conflict of interest , and ongoing stories about his personal life , as was the case when Monica Lewinsky returned to the media a few months ago , could re-emerge on the campaign trail . Whether that is fair or not is beside the point : Everything is fair game on the modern campaign trail . Hillary Clinton has the potential to be a hugely successful presidential candidate . But she and her campaign team will need to address the multiple questions and weaknesses that have become clear in recent months .	Julian Zelizer : Hillary Clinton has immense political and governmental experience He says she needs to make stronger connection to her party 's base Clinton also needs to convince voters of her authenticity , Zelizer says
China aims to get its citizens one step closer to the moon this month . The country 's space program plans to dock its first manned spacecraft on its orbiting space laboratory in mid-June , China 's state media reported Saturday . If all goes as planned , China will be the third nation after the United States and Russia to complete a manned docking . The spacecraft , called the Shenzhou-9 and its carrier rocket , the Long March-2F , were moved to a launch platform in northwest China 's Gansu province Saturday to allow scientists to conduct tests before the launch , according to Xinhua . The Chinese news agency reported that female astronauts may be among the three-person crew to dock on the Tiangong-1 space lab module , which was launched into space in September . In March , Niu Hongguang , deputy commander-in-chief of China 's manned space program , spoke about the possibility of including female astronauts and was quoted in Xinhua as saying the final selection will be decided "  on the very last condition . " One of the crewmembers will not board the lab , as a precaution in case of an emergency should arise , a spokesperson for the space program said in February . China has big aspirations for its space program with hopes to build a space station like the International Space Station and to conduct a manned mission to the moon . China rockets forward in race to moon Last November , the Tiangong-1successfully completed China 's first space docking mission with an unmanned spacecraft , Shenzhou-8 , according to Xinhua . The efforts demonstrate "  China 's continued commitment to becoming a first-class space power with an independent space capability , " Taylor Fravel , associate professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , said this year . "  This is a very exclusive club . " On Thursday in Beijing , the China National Space Administration and the Pakistan Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission signed a space cooperation plan through 2020 , state-run China Daily reported . The agreement was signed , while Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari was visiting for the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit . China 's efforts come as the United States refocuses its space program toward deep space exploration , and private companies like SpaceX make strides toward the commercialization of spaceflight . Last month SpaceX 's unmanned Dragon capsule completed the first ever commercial mission to the International Space Station .	The spacecraft and its carrier rocket were moved to a launch platform Saturday Female astronauts may be among the three-person crew , Xinhua reports Final selection will be decided "  on the very last condition , " Xinhua cites official as saying China hopes to build a space station , conduct a manned mission to the moon
CNN  -- Sylvin Barnett makes a living driving a forklift for a beer company , but his real passion is on the road . The 41-year-old is a leading exponent of a little-known offshoot of tennis that has made him a celebrity in his native Barbados , and he hopes that its appeal will go global . Road Tennis is a fast and furious scaled-down version of the sport which can be played almost anywhere , and has attracted the interest of stars such as Andy Murray and Venus Williams . It 's a bit like table tennis , but without the table . "  I would love to see us grow not only in the Caribbean but in Europe , " Barnett says . "  It would be great to see our guys working in schools all over the world , spreading the word . " The recipe is simple . Find a hard flat surface , indoors or outside . Mark out a court 20 x 10 feet  6 x 3 meters  using chalk or preferably tape . Erect a "  net " -- usually made of plywood -- standing eight inches  20 centimeters  high . The bats are similar to those used in table tennis , but without the rubber . The balls are of the tennis variety but without the fur , and deflated to reduce bounce . The first player to score 21 points wins , with each taking five serves in turn . "  We have a vision to get it in as many countries as possible , " says Dale Clarke , chief executive of the Professional Road Tennis Association . "  The game is addictive , once you start you always want to play , " the 35-year-old told CNN . "  We 've had requests from Germany , Sweden and America for more information . " When Barnett was asked to go to London to take part in a promotional video with world No. 4 Murray , former world heavyweight boxing champion David Haye and other Bajan Road Tennis stars , he jumped at the chance . Murray beat Haye after a quick run-through of the basics , but went down 21-16 to his Barbadian opponent . "  I took it easy on him ! " Barnett told CNN . "  But seriously , Andy was a great guy and showed a genuine interest in our sport . " Murray , for his part , enjoyed the challenge "  It 's very , very different to tennis , and I quite like that , " the Briton told CNN . "  The guys are some of the best at that game , so were a whole lot better than me , that 's for sure . " According to the official Professional Road Tennis website , the sport was first played in the 1930s in the parish of St Michael . It earned the label "  poor man 's tennis " because pieces of wood , or even even hard-cover books , were used as rackets . In essence , little has changed since , but plywood soon became the popular choice for the bats and the "  skinning " of the tennis balls became widespread . West Indian cricket legend Brian Lara , who hails from Trinidad , is a notable fan of the sport , while France 's Gael Monfils is among the top tennis players who have tried it on visits to Barbados -- which is best known as a tropical paradise for holidaymakers . Barnett has been playing since he was 12 , and says he can still compete with the likes of current world champion Julian White because "  experience counts for a lot . " There is prize money at stake for the Caribbean island 's 150 active players , but Road Tennis remains semi-professional . Barnett spends a lot of time coaching and spreading the gospel about his sport , but believes its promotion has been lacking . "  Our main challenge is our governing bodies in Barbados take sport too lightly , it 's one of the reasons it has n't reached other Caribbean countries . We have to do better , " he says .	Road Tennis enthusiasts seeking to spread the sport 's appeal beyond Barbados Game can be played on any flat surface , using modified balls and bats Tennis star Andy Murray tried his hand at the sport and was impressed It is a semi-professional past-time in Barbados , with about 150 competitors
CNN  -- Amid all the talk about storm clouds gathering over the U.S. economy , it 's easy to forget there are other places in the world where the sun is still shining . A shortage of housing is contributing to an inflation rate of almost 14 percent in Qatar Take Qatar , for example ; a small emirate in the Gulf whose economy is booming . When the final figures come in , Qatar 's economy is expected to have grown 17.8 percent in 2007 . Qatar National Bank predicts growth to slow in 2008 , but at 16.5 percent who could complain ? Well , consumers for one . While growth has steamed ahead , so has inflation . At the end of 2007 , Qatar 's official inflation rate was nearing 14 percent -- the highest in the region . Three major factors are contributing to Qatar 's soaring inflation rate : High levels of government spending ; growing demand for housing , which is pushing up house prices and rent , and the riyal 's peg with the dollar , which is pushing down interest rates . The U.S. Federal Reserve exacerbated the latter problem by slashing U.S. interest rates twice in the past eight days to three percent . Gulf States with currencies linked to the U.S. dollar were under pressure to follow suit . Qatar reduced its deposit rate to 3.5 percent , but left its lending rate at 5.5 percent . Liz Martins , Head of MENA , Business Monitor International says Qatar is facing a serious problem . "  You 've huge a amount of monetary easing and if you think that that 's not even going to feed through properly for six to nine months then , you 've got a really dangerous inflationary outlook , " she says . "  The only policy option really that they have is to revalue the exchange rate . " Kuwait did just that in May , ditching the dollar-peg for a basket of currencies , and speculation is growing that other GCC  Gulf Cooperation Council  countries will do the same . Tristan Cooper , Vice President and Senior Analyst at Moody 's Middle East , says the argument for revaluation is becoming more convincing . "  The economic justification for revaluation is growing stronger as inflation multiplies and the government increases expenditure . " He says any move by Gulf governments to curb public spending would not be welcomed by locals facing higher living costs . In Qatar 's instance , new housing stock is expected to come onto the market to help ease inflation in the rental market . "  There is some hope that prices will begin to slow as that supply comes onto the market , but that 's not guaranteed , " Tristan Cooper says . So that leaves a currency revaluation . "  The easier policy option would presumably be to revalue , but that also has political difficulties . It involves to some extent coordinating with GCC members . " In the past , Saudi Arabia has ruled out any change to its dollar-peg . Qatar has made it clear that it prefers any move to be made with a GCC consensus . In an interview with Marketplace Middle East , Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Al Thani said that the emirate is "  studying all options " in relation to the dollar-peg . "  Every country has to see its way out of this , but only after a consultation with the GCC , " he said . "  For us , our wish is that it 's a policy to be taken by the whole GCC , to either basket or revalue our currency . I can not see a decision . Even in Qatar , we have no decision up to now . " This week , one of Qatar 's leading economic advisors was quoted as saying any policy change would have to be substantial . In an interview with Reuters news agency , Ibrahim Al-Ibrahim said , "  change should be major ; minor change wo n't solve the problem . " He ruled out any potential moves to float the Qatari riyal . "  As a small country we can not float our currency ... it has to be tied , " he said . One of the main reasons GCC members are reluctant to abandon their dollar link is because they 're working towards their own monetary union . A policy diversion now may make it more difficult to unite again under a common currency by the nominated deadline of 2010 . There 's widespread skepticism that that deadline can be reached . "  The timeframe of 2010 is rather unlikely now , and the project itself seems to be facing increasing difficulties given the pressure on individual states to go their own way and revalue , " Tristan Cooper says . E-mail to a friend	Qatar 's economy is booming , but emirate has the highest inflation rate in Gulf Two recent cuts in U.S. interest rates putting pressure on Gulf currencies Qatari PM says "  studying all options " on dollar-peg , GCC consensus ideal Members reluctant to drop the dollar-peg despite growing inflationary pressure
CNN  -- It 's arguably the toughest job in sports . Hockey enforcers earn the undying devotion of fans -- but not much else -- for their ability to punch and get punched on skates . They usually bounce from team to team , barely managing to get a contract for a role few can perform well and no one else wants . "  I did it because it was my job but I hated it , " said Georges Laraque , one of the most successful hockey heavyweights in his 12-year NHL career . "  I hated to fight . I hated the pressure . I hated to be called a goon , and an animal . I hated promoting violence . " Laraque spoke to the Cybulski & Company radio program in Canada after the news Wednesday that another former enforcer , Wade Belak , was found dead in his Toronto apartment at age 35 . Authorities described the death as nonsuspicious . It was the third death of a current or former National Hockey League enforcer this summer , an almost unfathomable statistical anomaly . There are 30 NHL teams , and not all of them employ a so-called "  hired gun " these days , both to intimidate opposing players and keep them honest . Derek Boogaard was found dead at age 28 in his Minneapolis home in May , the result of a toxic combination of painkillers and alcohol ruled an accident . Boogaard , one of the most feared NHL fighters at 6-foot-7 and 265 pounds -- he was known as the Boogeyman , had n't played in months while trying to recover from concussions sustained in on-ice bouts . In August , 27-year-old Rick Rypien was found dead in his home in Crowsnest Pass , Alberta , Canada . No official cause has been announced , but Rypien had a history of depression and was on personal leave from the Vancouver Canucks for much of last season . He signed a contract with the Winnipeg Jets for the coming season . SI.com : Full coverage of the NHL Belak 's death this week stunned former teammates , who described him as a happy-go-lucky man always cracking jokes , even at his own expense . At 6-foot-5 and well over 200 pounds , Belak developed into a feared heavyweight over a 14-year career with five teams . He retired from the league last season and was trying to start a broadcasting career . He was chosen to participate in the coming season of "  Battle of the Blades , " a Canadian version of "  Dancing With the Stars " on skates . While few answers regarding Belak 's death have emerged so far , Laraque provided some insight in describing the life of the hockey enforcer . The worst part is not the fighting itself , he said , because the adrenaline kicks in and you do n't feel the blows . Instead , what weighs heaviest is the constant pressure of knowing you will have to fight another enforcer such as Boogaard or Belak , game after game , according to Laraque . "  It 's the night before , the day of the game , before it starts , " he said . "  It 's the shivers that it gives you , the worry in the head and the brain . It 's when you go to a movie and you ca n't watch it because you 're thinking the next game about having to fight Derek Boogaard or someone like that . Or you do n't feel well , but something happens and you have to go out there . ... It 's that pressure that 's nonstop that you live with . " For that reason , he said , enforcers past and present have "  demons " they live with , and often turn to alcohol to deal with them . In addition , enforcers do n't earn the multimillion-dollar salaries of top scorers , defensemen or goalies , Laraque noted . "  For as many years that they played , many of those guys did n't make much money , so there are not options for them afterwards , " Laraque said . "  You have to fight to live when life after hockey is over , and there 's nothing for you . " To Daniel Alfredsson , the longtime captain of the Ottawa Senators , "  it 's an adjustment from the high-profile life you live to go back to everyday  life  , I guess . " Such a spate of deaths among former enforcers , however , raises questions about whether such players are particularly vulnerable to the pressures of life -- either the physical grind of concussions and punches to the head , or the mental strain described by Laraque . When former NHL enforcer Bob Probert died suddenly last year at age 45 , researchers discovered he had Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy , a degenerative brain disease . Probert , a legendary tough guy who had a history of alcohol and drug abuse , died of heart failure while on a family boat outing . A joint NHL/NHL Player 's Association behavioral program exists to help players dealing with personal problems , including substance abuse and other issues . After Rypien 's death last month , described by Canadian police as a "  nonsuspicious sudden death , " NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman said he expected the program to be reviewed . "  My guess is we 'll talk at the appropriate time with the players ' association , making sure that we 're comfortable with all of the mechanisms and programs we have in place , which are extensive , " Bettman told The Canadian Press then . "  I do n't think any sports league does more than we do , but maybe there 's more , as we focus on it , that we need to focus on . I know it 's always hard for people to accept , but sports is a microcosm of society in general . And life is n't always easy . " Especially for hockey enforcers . Despite his hatred for the brawling in his career , Laraque said he would always support allowing fighting in hockey . Hockey is the only team sport that allows two players to fight without getting ejected for the rest of the game , and Laraque said that element allows players to police themselves and prevent more violent stick fouls and other mayhem . "  Guys like me , if there 's no fighting , we wo n't be making a living , " he said . "  As tough and as hard as it is , I 'll always be defending that job . " Removing fighting from the game means denying opportunity for kids who dream of an NHL career , just as he did . To realize his dream , he became an enforcer , explaining : "  I did that because I knew that 's what I had to do . "	Wade Belak , who retired this year , is found dead at age 35 He is the third NHL player known for fighting to die in recent months The league has a program to help players with behavioral problems
CNN  -- Newtown 's legislative council had heard enough : residents complaining about loud gunfire , the Connecticut town 's small police station inundated with phone calls from frightened residents . So , a few months ago , they tried to restrict when and where residents could shoot their guns in an effort to quiet the complaints . Instead , they got an earful from gun-control opponents . Today , there 's a much deeper debate over gun rights in Newtown and around the country in the wake of Friday 's massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary school . And the battle line in that debate runs straight through towns such as the once-sleepy Connecticut community . "  It 's a town with a longstanding history and cultural tradition of guns , " explained council member Paul Lundquist . Newtown 's longstanding gun culture manifested itself as a family outing for Adam Lanza , 20 , who authorities say shot and killed his mother -- who introduced him to target shooting -- before killing 20 children and six adults at the elementary school and then taking his own life . For several years , Lanza and his mother frequented several gun ranges in the area , according to federal authorities . That 's nothing out of the ordinary in this Connecticut town , where shooting sports are a popular pastime . "  In Newtown right now , you can shoot any gun at anytime on your property , " said town police commission member Joel Faxon . Lawmakers seem prepared to tackle gun control The commission 's attempt earlier this year to curb the city 's lax attitude toward gun use was stonewalled by gun-control opponents in August , which Faxon said he could n't understand . "  All we wanted to do was make sure that all the guns that are fired in Newtown are fired in a safe fashion and are n't going to injure anybody and are n't going to infringe on anybody else 's property and create a danger , " Faxson explained . "  Even that safety-based solution was staunchly and vigorously opposed by gun rights individuals . " It shows just how sensitive the debate over gun control can be in Newtown -- and the nation . But what about now ? Has the climate for gun control changed in the wake of Friday 's horrible attack ? Might Newton 's gun culture change as a result of what happened at Sandy Hook Elementary ? "  I would hope so , " Faxon says . "  The time has come now for people to be reasonable . It 's unreasonable not to have a safety ordinance about where you 're going to have a shooting range . If that ca n't pass , I mean , what CAN pass ? " Gun-control opponents say even small restrictions represent a slippery slope that threatens Second Amendment constitutional rights . "  You can make as many laws as you want it will NOT change people who want to hurt others , " said CNN commenter Steve Lahey . "  We all need to arm ourselves now . That is the only way . " Another CNN commenter , Hector Rodriguez , disagrees . He suggests the nation should "  start by banning all assault weapons . You do n't need them unless you want to be the next mass shooter ! " These comments and other similarly entrenched positions on both sides of the debate show that gun rights are connected with deep-seated moral issues for many Americans , explained constitutional expert David Kopel . "  Just as some people believe there can be absolutely no restrictions on the First Amendment right of freedom of speech and of the press , some other people take a similar view to the Second Amendment about the right to bear arms , " said Kopel of the Denver-based think tank Independence Institute . "  At the other end of the spectrum , some advocates of gun prohibition view the idea of owning guns to defend yourself as intrinsically immoral . " Analysis : Guns and the law In Washington , the gun-control issue has lain virtually dormant for years since a 1994 federal ban on semi-automatic assault rifles elapsed in 2004 . But that was before Friday . Newtown has lit a legislative flame . Sen. Dianne Feinstein has vowed to introduce new legislation banning weapons such as the Newtown gunman 's Bushmaster rifle . "  Six-year-olds with three to 11 bullets from this Bushmaster in their body . Twenty of them . Is this America ? I do n't think so , " said Feinstein . "  And I think these incidents are going to continue until we do something to change the supply mode of these weapons out in our society . " The California Democrat said her bill will propose banning "  the sale , the transfer , the importation , and the possession " of such weapons . Feinstein , who helped champion the 1994 ban , said she and her staff have looked at the initial bill and tried to "  perfect it . " Even Sen. Joe Manchin , a conservative Democrat and self-described "  proud gun owner , " said the Newtown massacre should be the tipping point in the debate over limiting gun rights . A new ABC/Washington Post survey taken shortly after Friday 's shooting in Newtown suggests that American attitudes are already shifting . According to the survey , 44 % of Americans now strongly support stricter gun laws , with 32 % opposed . That 's the first time in five years of ABC/Washington Post polling where significantly more people favor rather than oppose stricter gun-control measures . And for the first time in surveys dating back to 2000 , less than 50 % of respondents said the best way to reduce gun violence is to enforce existing laws , a common mantra for those who oppose gun restrictions . The number of people who say the best way to cut gun violence is to pass new laws has risen to 32 % , the highest level in an ABC/Washington Post poll since 2000 . In the months and years ahead , Newtown will become a symbol -- not for its rolling hills or for being "  nicer " than other busy parts of the Northeast -- but for the worst tragedy ever imaginable . It will join that dark list of names , such Columbine , or even Dunblane , the Scottish town where a gunman killed a teacher and 16 students who were about the same age as those in Newtown . In Australia , say "  the Port Arthur , " and most folks will immediately think of the horrific slaughter of 35 people by a man with a semi-automatic rifle . Both of those 1996 massacres in Dunblane and Port Arthur sparked widespread outrage that led to restrictions on weapons . Twelve days after Port Arthur , Australia 's prime minister announced gun reforms . High-caliber rifles and shotguns were banned and other restrictions were enacted . Dunblane sparked a national anti-gun campaign and petition drive that resulted in a UK ban on the private ownership of handguns . The question is : Will the outrage over Newtown have similar results ? After shooting , cops take no-tolerance approach to copycat threats CNN 's Ashley Killough and Todd Schwarzschild contributed to this report	Before Friday 's attack , Newtown considered regulating outdoor shooting ranges Expert : Gun-control advocates and opponents see it as a moral issue Newtown will enter gun-control lexicon like Columbine , Dunblane , Port Arthur
Google Glass will help fight the antisocial and "  emasculating " habit of compulsive smartphone checking , Google co-founder Sergey Brin said in a surprise appearance at the TED Conference Wednesday . In his 10-minute TED talk , Brin did n't provide concrete new details on Glass , a cross between a smartphone and a pair of glasses . But he did confess that , having used Glass , he felt emasculated and isolated every time he checked his regular smartphone . "  You 're actually socially isolating yourself with your phone , " Brin told the audience . "  I feel like it 's kind of emasculating ... . You 're standing there just rubbing this featureless piece of glass . In contrast to a smartphone , Google Glass allows people to keep their head up as digital information is overlaid onto their world , no matter where their gaze is pointed . "  I whip this out and focus on it as though I have something very important to attend to , " Brin added later , holding up his phone . "  This -LSB- Google Glass -RSB- really takes away that excuse ... . It really opened my eyes to how much of my life I spent secluded away in e-mail or social posts . " Opinion : Why life through Google Glass should be for our eyes only Brin also said Glass helps advance a longstanding dream of his to let users receive highly relevant information without actually having to run searches . "  My vision when we started Google 15 years ago was that eventually you would n't have to have a search query at all -- the information would just come to you as you needed it , " Brin said . "  This is the first form factor that can deliver that vision . " Of course , devices like Google Glass are sure to have downsides as well . Hopefully not too many conversations fall dead as one party becomes immersed in highly targeted information overlaid onto their view of the other person . Surely losing your friend 's eye contact halfway through a sentence would be emasulating and socially isolating in its own way . See Wired 's coverage of TED 2013	Sergey Brin : Google Glass will help fight the habit of compulsive smartphone checking Brin : "  You 're actually socially isolating yourself with your phone ... it 's kind of emasculating " The Google co-founder made a surprise appearance at the TED Conference Wednesday Google Glass is a wearable headset that displays real-time info from the Web
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 22 people were killed and 38 others injured in a blast at an army checkpoint in the northern Pakistani city of Bannu on Sunday , intelligence officials said . The blast struck an army convoy traveling from Bannu to Miranshah , the officials said . The convoy included both military and civilian vehicles . According to the intelligence officials , an improvised explosive device had been planted in an 18-seater van . The majority of those killed were passengers on that van . In the wake of the attack , which he strongly condemned , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said he was canceling a planned trip to Davos , Switzerland . The World Economic Forum starts there Wednesday . "  Our nation is united against extremism and terrorism and the sacrifices rendered by our citizens and personnel of law enforcing agencies will not go in vain , " Sharif said , in a statement from his office . Pakistani Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan also condemned Sunday 's attack and has sought an explanation about the hiring of the private vehicles used in the convoy . The main Pakistani Taliban faction , known as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , claimed responsibility for the blast . "  The bombing was carried out to  avenge  the killing of Maulana Waliur Rehman , commander of TTP South Waziristan , who was killed on May 29 , 2013 , in a U.S. drone strike in Miranshah , " TTP spokesman Shahidullah Shahid said . It 's not the first attack carried out by the TTP to avenge Waliur Rehman 's death . Gunmen opened fire at the base of one of Pakistan 's highest peaks in June 2013 , killing 11 people -- 10 tourists and a local guide . Taliban ` conducive to talks ' Despite the violence , the TTP on Sunday called for fresh talks with the Pakistani government , in a news conference recorded by its media wing . Senior leader Azam Tariq , appearing alongside spokesman Shahidullah Shahid , claimed that the TTP has "  always been conducive to talks but that the media has been twisting the TTP 's stance in a negative light . " The pair said that continuing talks was "  not in the hands of the TTP but in that of the Pakistani government . " "  It is the Pakistani government on the order of the United States that started the war on the homes of the TTP and it is only the Pakistani government that can stop this war , " said Tariq . "  It is in the hands of the government to create an environment where talks can take place . " Tariq also said that the authorities were "  using the media as a medium of propaganda for their war . " The Taliban have stepped up attacks on news outlets in Pakistan . On Friday , a targeted attack on a local channel 's digital satellite newsgathering vehicle left three employees dead . Journalists Zahir Shah Sherazi and Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemns attack , cancels Davos trip NEW : Main Pakistani Taliban faction claims responsibility , calls for fresh talks TTP spokesman : Bombing was to avenge the death of a Pakistani Taliban commander The blast strikes a convoy of military and civilian vehicles , killing at least 22 people
