Los Angeles  CNN  -- In an expanding investigation into teacher misconduct , Los Angeles school officials are going back 40 years in their internal review of teacher discipline cases in an effort to determine whether any of the instructors should also be referred for possible license revocation , a school spokesman said Friday . Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy has asked the principals at more than 1,000 schools to search the files of the past 40 years for "  any cases of possible employee misconduct , " spokesman Tom Waldman told CNN . The 40-year period is a significant expansion from the past four years of misconduct cases that the system has already reviewed . So far , Los Angeles school officials have referred the discipline cases of 604 teachers from the past four years to state authorities who have powers to revoke a teacher 's credentials , officials said . Of those 604 cases in which teachers were fired or facing discipline , 60 teachers were accused of sexual misconduct with pupils on or off campus or with minors who were n't students , school officials said . The California Commission on Teacher Credentialing will investigate 366 of the 604 teacher cases to determine if licenses should be revoked , which is a six-month process , spokeswoman Anne Padilla said . Most of the cases focused on allegations of teacher misconduct that involved student safety . Padilla said Friday that 122 of the 604 cases were referred back to the school district for further information because the state agency did n't have the authority to investigate . She also told CNN that 103 of the 604 cases were duplicates and were already being investigated by the agency 's committee on credentials . "  For the vast majority , no final action has been taken . They are still in process , " Padilla said about the 103 cases . The referral of the cases to state licensing investigators comes as the nation 's second largest school system deals with a crisis of teacher misconduct . The district has been reeling from a scandal at Miramonte Elementary School , where two teachers have been charged with lewd acts on pupils , including one teacher accused of putting children in adult-like bondage situations and placing semen-filled spoons at their mouths . The state license of that teacher , Mark Berndt -- who has pleaded not guilty to 23 counts of lewd acts on pupils -- has been suspended as the state agency monitors his criminal case , and a license revocation occurs upon a conviction , Padilla said . If an appeal to a conviction is made , the suspension of teaching credentials continues , Padilla said . This week , the California Senate approved a bill that would empower school boards to fire teachers for misconduct and expedite the firing process of instructors accused of offenses involving sex , violence or drugs , said Democratic state Sen. Alex Padilla , who authored the legislation . The bill now goes to the State Assembly for a vote . "  Because a school board is ultimately responsible for ensuring a safe learning environment , the school board should be empowered to dismiss employees they determine to be a serious threat to the health and safety of students , " Sen. Padilla said in a statement . The lurid allegations at Miramonte prompted the Los Angeles system to do an internal review of its handling of past teacher misconduct cases , and the district determined that 604 cases needed to be referred to state licensing authorities for review , though "  a substantial number " of other misconduct cases had already been reported to the state , school officials said . One parent , Alvaro Salgero , told CNN that he was concerned about child abuse in the school system . "  It tended to be a safe place , but from what I hear , it seems that 's not happening in some places , " Salgero said . "  There is n't sufficient security for children . "  We 're able to realize that there was n't much of an investigation with teachers and they did n't investigate them before giving them a job , and those who suffer are the children , the pupils , " Salgero said . The 604 cases include teachers who were disciplined or were about to face discipline since July 2008 , according to Ira Berman , Los Angeles Unified School District director of employee relations , and Vivian Ekchian , the district 's chief human resources officer . The cases also include teachers who were fired by the school board or who left the district after termination proceedings were initiated or while an allegation of misconduct was pending , Berman and Ekchian said . The system does n't know whether any of the teachers who were fired or who left the district are still in the classroom in other school districts . The 604 figure also includes teachers who were suspended for 11 days or more for a variety of reasons not involving sexual misconduct with students , the two officials said . "  The safety of our students is our No. 1 priority , " Ekchian said in explaining why the system referred the 604 cases to the state . The system 's internal investigation arose after parental outrage after charges were filed against former Miramonte teacher Berndt , who resigned from the system last year but was not referred to the state for possible license revocation , district spokesman Waldman said . Berndt , 61 , pleaded not guilty in February to allegations he bound young students , then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and three-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces , among other graphic depictions . "  We had not informed Sacramento to revoke Mr. Berndt 's credentials , " Waldman said . Berndt is being held on $ 23 million bond and faces 23 counts of lewd acts on a child . The 23 victims were between 7 and 10 years old , and all but two of them were girls , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Authorities have said they have discovered roughly 600 images allegedly taken by Berndt in his classroom . Los Angeles Unified School District Superintendent Deasy has said Berndt was removed from his teaching job in January 2011 after school officials learned of the police investigation . A teacher for 30 years , Berndt initially challenged the school district 's decision to dismiss him . But he eventually dropped his appeal and resigned last spring . His arrest in January led to broader fallout over the adequacy of safeguards for the school 's students and the prospect of more victims . Days after Berndt was taken into custody , another Miramonte Elementary teacher -- Martin Springer , 49 -- was arrested and charged with three felony counts of lewd acts with a girl younger than 14 . He has pleaded not guilty . The LAUSD board subsequently shut Miramonte for two days , during which the board reconstituted the entire staff in the 1,400-student school . Miramonte is in unincorporated Los Angeles County within the Florence-Firestone area , about six miles south of downtown Los Angeles .	Los Angeles school officials are now going back 40 years in their review of past teacher misconduct They have just reviewed the past four years of teacher discipline cases L.A. school officials referred 604 teacher cases to state authorities in charge of license revocation California Senate passes a bill that makes firing teachers for misconduct easier
NEW YORK  CNN  -- On May 4 , 2007 , Kara Kopetsky , a 17-year-old high school junior in Belton , Missouri , was not having a good day . Kara Kopetsky , 17 , left school early in Belton , Missouri , on May 4 , 2007 , and has n't been seen since . She forgot one of her textbooks and called home and asked her mom to drop it off at the school office . She also asked her mother to wash her uniform so she could work the 4 p.m. shift at Popeye 's Chicken . Later that morning , Kara had an argument with one of her teachers in class , according to police and her family . Frustrated , she left campus about 10:30 a.m. , ditching school for the rest of the day . A school surveillance video shows her walking out . But no one can say which way she went , or whether she got into a car . It was the last time anyone saw or heard from her . Police say there has been no activity on Kara 's cell phone since shortly after she walked out of school . They followed some pings from the phone , conducted some searches , but found nothing significant . Beyond that , they are n't commenting . Watch an update on the case " Kara 's stepfather says the cell phone 's long silence makes him suspicious . "  This does n't make any sense , " said Jim Beckford . "  Kara was on her cell phone sending texts constantly . Her cell phone bill was typically 80-100 pages long . " When Kara did n't come home from school as usual , her family -- mother Rhonda , stepfather Jim and stepbrother Thomas -- grew worried . They filed a missing persons report later that afternoon . Police told them they believed Kara was a runaway , and that she 'd come back on her own in a few days . Two years later , her family has n't heard a word from Kara . She left behind most of her belongings -- money , clothes , iPod and a new carton of cigarettes . Her bank debit card was left in her school locker and her bank account , with $ 150 from her recent paycheck , remains untouched . According to police in Belton , the case is being actively investigated . But with no certain evidence of foul play , police continue to characterize Kara 's disappearance as an endangered and missing adult case . The state of Missouri considers Kara Kopetsky to be an adult because she was 17 when she disappeared . Belton Police Capt. Don Spears said police are looking at several persons of interest , but have n't narrowed their investigation to focus on a single suspect . Her family says she has no history of running away . They say they fear that she was abducted when she left school that day . "  She is a very beautiful girl and so we often warned her to be careful , but like any teen , she had an attitude that she was invincible , " her stepfather said . About a month after she disappeared , Kara 's case was eclipsed by another sensational case -- the abduction and slaying of Kelsey Smith . Smith was taken from a store parking lot in Overland Park , Kansas , and her body was found in the Missouri woods , six miles from Kara 's home in Belton . A suspect was charged , pleaded guilty , and is serving a life sentence . Police in Belton and Overland Park compared notes but could find no connection . According to family and police and Kara 's MySpace profile , she had an on-again , off-again boyfriend . He lived in her neighborhood , was 18 , and attended the same high school but dropped out earlier the spring Kara disappeared . Kara was trying to end the relationship , friends told police . It is unclear whether the two saw each other the day Kara vanished . A $ 30,000 reward is offered for tips leading to the whereabouts of Kara Kopetsky or the arrest of anyone responsible for her disappearance . Police and family urge people to call the Belton Police Department 's tip-line at 816-474-TIPS . Kara is described as 5 feet 5 inches tall and 125 pounds with brown hair and hazel eyes .	Missouri teen left school early after an argument with a teacher School surveillance video shows Kara Kopetsky walking out Her cell phone shows no activity after 10:30 a.m. on May 4 , 2007 A $ 35,000 reward is offered for information . Call 816-474-TIPS
CNN  -- A trio of middle school rockers has just unlocked a major record deal . The Brooklyn metal band Unlocking the Truth has signed a $ 1.7 million recording contract with Sony . The deal commits Sony to producing two of the band 's albums , as long as the first album sells more than 250,000 units . The three musicians -- guitarist Malcolm Brickhouse , 13 ; bassist Alec Atkins , 13 ; and drummer Jarad Dawkins , 12 -- will be paid $ 60,000 upfront for their first LP and could earn a $ 325,000 advance on their second . With Sony having the option to extend their contract for three more albums , Unlocking the Truth could earn $ 1.7 million . The major label love is just one part of a stellar two years for the group . After getting their first big break in 2012 during Amateur Night at New York City 's Apollo Theater , a YouTube clip of them playing in Times Square went viral in 2013 . In June , Unlocking the Truth opened for Guns N ' Roses -- and that was after happily crowdsurfing during a set at the Coachella music festival in April . "  Deep down , they know they are inspiring kids . They know they 've done it and in their own way , " the band 's manager , Alan Sacks , said . "  They know they 're representing a lot . It 's beyond African-American performers . They 're iconic for the whole world -- for kids doing whatever you want and if you put your mind to it you can do it -- as long as you have the talent , the motivation , the concentration and the patience . " The trio is performing with the 2014 Vans Warped Tour , opening for Queens of the Stone Age , and plans to start recording in about four weeks . "  What started out as play dates went to Times Square and now this . It 's been one great thing after another , " Jarad 's mother , Tabatha Dawkins , told the New York Daily News . Of the record deal , she added , "  It 's so exciting . We 're jumping over the moon . " The three metalheads are n't leaving behind school for music . Tabatha Dawkins said they 'll be entering the eighth grade at different schools in Brooklyn next school year and that education is still the top priority . In fact , Sony will pay out-of-pocket costs for academic tutors for each musician when they are unable to attend school . "  Schoolwork comes first , " Tabatha Dawkins told the New York paper . "  If their schoolwork is not done , they do n't play . " CNN 's Allie Malloy contributed to this report .	Middle school band Unlocking the Truth has signed a major record deal Sony Music has agreed to produce the group 's first two albums The trio of two teens and a preteen has gained notice , opened for Guns N ' Roses Their schoolwork still comes first , says drummer 's mother
Democrats will probably not force votes on proposals meant to shine an unusually ugly spotlight on Louisiana GOP Sen. David Vitter 's alleged past solicitation of prostitutes , a Senate Democratic aide acknowledged to CNN Tuesday . Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and other top Democrats have been considering holding the votes in response to Vitter 's attempt to force a politically tough vote on whether to strip federal healthcare support from lawmakers and staff . The Senate aide said the Democratic plan was hatched in response to years of mounting frustration with the Louisiana senator . Among other things , Democrats have been loudly floating an alternative amendment to strip federal healthcare contributions from any lawmaker found to have likely solicited prostitutes . They 've also considered a vote on an amendment stripping federal healthcare contributions from lawmakers whose actions more generally reflect poorly on Congress , as well as an amendment cutting off healthcare subsidies from any senator who votes for Vitter 's proposal . Vitter was famously linked to the so-called "  D.C. Madam " prostitution scandal in 2007 . The conservative Republican admitted to committing a "  very serious sin , " and won a second Senate term in 2010 . As far as Democrats are concerned , Vitter was the one who first crossed a line by going after congressional staffers . "  For Senator Vitter and his Republican allies to end the contribution for 16,000 hardworking federal employees -- even after years of accepting the subsidy themselves -- is hypocritical and mean-spirited , " Reid said on the Senate floor on Tuesday . "  If Senator Vitter opposes the employer contribution to congressional staffers , does he oppose it also for the 150 million other Americans whose employers help pay their health insurance premiums ? " Vitter -- a fierce critic of President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act -- caused an uproar on Capitol Hill when he first proposed to end federal contributions to healthcare coverage provided to lawmakers and legislative staffers . Vitter 's plan would save nearly $ 1 billion over the next decade , according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office . Under Obamacare regulations crafted by the administration , legislators and staffers will continue to receive federal healthcare contributions while participating in insurance exchanges set up under the law . But Vitter says Washington politicians and staff should n't receive what he views as special subsidies denied to other Americans . Democrats -- quietly joined by a number of congressional Republicans -- insist the federal government 's contribution to its employees ' health care is no different than the contribution provided by other large employers to millions of Americans in the private sector . "  All that we are asking is that this group of individuals be treated the same as every other American with health insurance through their employment , " said Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin , the chamber 's No. 2 Democrat . "  My fear is that this is n't the end of Senator Vitter 's crusade against health insurance by employers . I think this is the first step . The next step could be to eliminate the employers ' contribution for health insurance across the board . " Vitter 's plan is "  a step back in time , " Durbin declared . Vitter lashed back on Twitter , writing , "  So many employees will lose their employer contribution because of #Obamacare . Anyone think @SenatorReid deserves to be exempt ? " Later , Reid told reporters he may allow a vote on Vitter 's proposal , which is virtually certain to be defeated . Vitter then took to the Senate floor to praise reports of a possible resolution to the embarrassing showdown . It "  certainly sounds like the discussion at the majority  Democratic  lunch today was , let 's just say , more appropriate and more productive than the discussion " last week , Vitter said . But "  what is good for America is good for Washington , " he added . "  The rule for America should certainly be the rule for those who have the particular honor and responsibility to help govern . And that should be the case across the board . " Last week , Vitter argued that Reid and other Democrats , by shining an uncomfortable spotlight on his past , engaged in unacceptable congressional behavior . On Friday , he requested an ethics investigation into whether Reid , Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , and their staff violated Senate rules by publicly proposing legislation which "  ties members ' personal healthcare benefits to their performance of specific acts and votes . " "  This is attempted bribery , and the exact sort of behavior that the Senate Ethics Committee has previously condemned , " Vitter wrote . Democrats dismissed Vitter 's accusation , calling it baseless .	Senate Democrats backing off votes meant to embarrass Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana Votes would have highlighted Vitter 's alleged past involvement with a prostitute Votes were possible response to Vitter plan to strip healthcare contributions from lawmakers , aides Senate may still hold vote on Vitter plan , which is considered likely to lose
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran tested an upgraded version of a surface-to-surface missile with a range that makes it capable of reaching parts of Europe , state-run television reported Wednesday . Iranian Defense Minister Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said on Press-TV that the solid-fuel , high-speed Sajil-2 missile has "  great maneuverability " and can access targets more than 2,000 kilometers  1,242 miles  away , making Israel and U.S. military bases in the Gulf reachable . Vahidi said the missile has a shorter launch time and is intended to boost Iran 's deterrent capability . In Washington , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Defense Secretary Robert Gates had seen the intelligence on the launch , which occurred Tuesday , "  and , based on that , is clearly concerned . " "  At a time when the international community has offered Iran opportunities to begin to build trust and confidence , Iran 's missile tests only undermine Iran 's claims of peaceful intentions , " he added . "  Such actions will increase the seriousness and resolve of the international community to hold Iran accountable for its continued defiance of its international obligations . " But a U.S. intelligence official said the test launch does not represent "  a major advancement " in Iran 's missile technology . The official added that Iran carries out such tests on a "  routine basis ... to attract attention . " Iran tested the initial version of the Sajil-2 in May . In September , days before a key meeting over nuclear issues with industrialized powers , Iran tested two types of long-range missiles . Those tests drew condemnation after the Islamic republic revealed the existence of a covert uranium enrichment site near the city of Qom . Iran shocked the world with that revelation . Since then , it has allowed inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency to visit the plant . Western powers fear that Iran is intent on developing nuclear weapons . That 's a claim Tehran denies , but the latest test-firing of the Sajil-2 could add to existing tensions .	NEW : Gates : "  Missile tests only undermine Iran 's claims of peaceful intentions " Missile 's range puts parts of Israel , U.S. bases , parts of Europe within range West fears Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons ; Iran denies claim
CNN  -- A potential salmonella outbreak has prompted a multi-state recall of sprouts , an Idaho food company announced Friday . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration made a formal recall request Monday , urging on its website that people not eat alfalfa or spicy sprouts from Evergreen Fresh Sprouts . The federal agency noted that the salmonella Enteritidis pathogen is different from the E. coli bacteria that has been blamed for at least 47 deaths , and widespread recalls , in Europe . The next day , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported on its website there had been 21 reported cases of salmonella tied to the sprouts , which are also labeled as Evergreen Produce . Nine of those were in Washington state , seven in Montana , three in Idaho , one in North Dakota and one in New Jersey . Three of those people have been hospitalized , and there have been no deaths , according to the CDC . Those affected , ranging in age from 12 years old to 77 years old , fell ill between April 12 and June 7 . A vast majority , 77 % , of those who became sick were female , according to the CDC . The recalled sprouts were delivered to four distributors and three retail stores in Idaho and Washington state , Evergreen said in its press release Friday . They include 4-ounce , 16-ounce and 5-pound bags of alfalfa sprouts , plus 4-ounce and 16-ounce bags of spicy sprouts . The expiration dates for all the affected products are between June 22 and July 14 . Evergreen said that authorities determined that all those who fell ill with the salmonella had eaten its sprouts . But the Moyie Springs company said that tests on its products are still pending , and no products have come back positive yet . According to its website , Evergreen has been family owned and operated since 1990 . Besides vegetables , it also distributes fruits , dairy items , pastas and a host of other food products .	Evergreen Produce issues a voluntary recall of alfalfa and spicy sprouts The move comes days after warnings from federal health authorities According to the CDC , there are 21 cases in 5 states tied to the sprouts
With Greece probably heading for an exit from the euro , the European and global economies may be facing disaster . However , there is still time for European leaders to reverse this destructive dynamic with one simple , outside-the-box solution : Instead of pushing Greece out of the eurozone , Germany should voluntarily withdraw and reissue its beloved deutsche mark . The analysis of the problems of the euro and the European Union has long been upside down , focused on the debt and competitive weaknesses of the so-called peripheral countries  Greece , Italy , Spain , Portugal and Ireland  and especially of Greece . But issues of debt and competitiveness existed and were dealt with rather easily long before the euro arrived , through periodic devaluation of the currencies of the less-competitive countries against those of the more competitive countries , and especially against the deutsche mark . The problem now is not the weaknesses of the periphery , it 's the excessive competitive strength of Germany . Not only is the German economy inherently strong as a result of the high productivity of its workforce , its exports have added competitiveness because the euro is undervalued as far as Germany is concerned . Because it is the common currency of the eurozone countries , the value of the euro reflects the average of their combined competitiveness . But Germany 's competitiveness is far above the average . So , for Germany , the euro is too weak . This is why Germany has been accumulating chronic trade surpluses on the scale of the Chinese . As long as the rest of the eurozone countries are locked in the euro with Germany , the only way for them to become more competitive is to become , well , more Germanic , through austerity measures that cut government spending , reduce welfare budgets , cut wages and raise unemployment . This is , of course , what they have been doing for the past two years . The aim has been to achieve export-led growth . But because Germany is so hypercompetitive and has been unwilling to stimulate its own economy to achieve higher consumption , its eurozone partners have not been able to increase exports to it and have had thus to compete with it in exporting to the likes of China and the United States . That has n't been working very well , and now the consequences of grinding austerity are beginning to tear the political and social fabric even of countries like the Netherlands , which until quite recently were enthusiastically echoing the German call for austerity and growth led by trade with countries outside the EU . But it is not clear that the eurozone can sustain the social and political pain of austerity long enough and on the scale necessary to eventually achieve competitive parity with Germany . The alternative is for Germany to revert to the deutsche mark . That would immediately result in appreciation of the German currency and competitive devaluation of the euro for the remaining eurozone countries . Germany would tend to buy more while selling less , and vice versa for the rest of the eurozone . The extra consumption that Germany will not deliver via stimulus policies would be automatically delivered by currency revaluation . The single most essential element of a euro rescue has always been one form or another of a euro bond guaranteed jointly by all eurozone member countries . What the U.S. Treasury bond is to the U.S. economy , the euro bond would be to the EU . The main obstacle has been Germany 's insistence that it would not guarantee payments on bonds for the benefit of other European countries . German reversion to the deutsche mark would remove this obstacle , and with no further German opposition , the remainder of the eurozone could move ahead to establish a true euro bond , along with a unified treasury function to match the unified banking function of the European Central Bank . Some may object that German backing would still be required for the eurozone and a euro bond to be viable . That is correct , and Germany would indeed remain committed to the eurozone for a number of reasons . It would need the eurozone more than ever to buy its increasingly expensive exports . The Bundesbank  Germany 's central bank  would undoubtedly sell deutsche marks against euros to mitigate appreciation , and the resulting accumulation of euros would be invested in the new euro bonds . This in turn might inspire the European Central Bank to initiate quantitative easing programs that would stimulate the entire EU economy . The cost to Germany of saving Europe will be a hit to exports and perhaps a temporary rise in unemployment , but a return to the deutsche mark would attract a flood of capital to Germany and thereby spur investment while holding interest rates and inflation down . The real question is whether the cost of slower export growth and increased unemployment is less than that of paying for Greece , then Spain , etc. . Somehow , the "  unknown " risks of a German exit from the euro appear more manageable , more quantifiable and in some ways more familiar a challenge than endless austerity , social unrest and political polarization .	Writers : To salvage eurozone , Germany , not Greece , should withdraw They say Germany is very competitive ; eurozone countries unable to catch up They say Germany could improve its currency valuation , stop preventing euro bonds Writers : Euro bonds could help with euro rescue ; pain for Germany would be temporary
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Michele Trobaugh regrets the day she heard a radio advertisement for Dr. Jan Adams . Beverly Hills plastic surgeon Jan Adams operated on the mother of rapper Kanye West the day before she died . Eager to fix breasts that were n't the same size and a rash that occurred where her breasts rubbed against her stomach , Trobaugh , then 28 , went to see Adams in his office in Huntington Beach , California . She says she trusted him right away . "  I fell for his charm . I fell for his confidence , " she says . But her surgery turned out to be a "  nightmare , " she says . Trobaugh says that in March 2006 , Adams gave her a breast augmentation , tummy tuck and liposuction -- all at one time . "  The next day I woke up fighting for every breath . It was like an elephant was sitting on my chest , " she says . "  And when I got up to go the restroom I noticed the girdle I was wearing was soaked with fluid and blood . For days I was soaking through blankets and towels . " Trobaugh says she had three infections . She had a second surgery a few weeks later to remove fluid from her hips . Questions surrounding the death of another of Adams ' patients , Donda West , mother of rapper Kanye West , have reignited Trobaugh 's pain , she says . She has not sued Adams but says she may in the future . Asked to respond to Trobaugh 's comments , Adams issued a statement through his publicist , Kevin Williams . "  I believe very strongly in the fundamental American principle of the right of the individual to defend himself , " the statement said . "  Recently inaccurate and , frankly , false statements have ciruculated that require clarification . Unfortunately , it has become impossible to separate thsese statements from other professional issues . I will await my turn . " Today , Trobaugh has advice on how others can avoid becoming plastic surgery victims , and so do board-certified plastic surgeons . Make sure the surgeon is board-certified This one , say experts , is a no-brainer . For plastic surgery , you want a doctor who 's certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery . It 's simple : The American Board of Medical Specialties ' Web site will tell you if a doctor is board-certified in plastic surgery . Why is it so important to have a board-certified surgeon ? Because legally any doctor is permitted to do any procedure -- a psychiatrist could do a breast augmentation . If you use a board-certified plastic surgeon , you know he or she has completed three to five years of training in general surgery and a minimum of two to three years of training in plastic surgery , plus they have to take written and oral tests , according to Dr. Jim Stuzin , chairman-elect of the American Board of Plastic Surgery and assistant clinical professor at the University of Miami . Board-certified plastic surgeons also have to do continuing medical education and take a written test every 10 years . Check the surgeon 's record Trobaugh says she never would have gone to Adams if she 'd known he had two malpractice judgments against him . She could have found that out easily by going to the Medical Board of California 's Web site . Links to the Web sites of every state 's medical board can be found here . Many state licensing boards , like California 's , list malpractice judgments , plus any disciplinary actions by the board .  Since Trobaugh 's surgery , Adams has had a third malpractice judgment against him , plus an accusation filed with the board  . Ask if the surgeon has hospital privileges Even if you 're having a plastic surgery procedure at an outpatient clinic , it 's worth asking where the doctor has hospital privileges , because hospitals do background checks , says Dr. Rod Rohrich , past president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons . "  If they do n't have hospital privileges , that 's a huge red flag , " he says . Come armed with questions for the doctor One crucial question for your potential surgeon is how often he or she does the procedure you 're interested in . "  If I 'm coming to you for a facelift , you 'd better do it almost weekly , " says Rohrich , who 's also chairman of the department of plastic surgery at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center . The Arizona Medical Board 's Web site has a list of questions you can print out and bring with you to the doctor 's office . For example , the medical board suggests asking whether the physician will be performing the procedure in its entirety . Be wary of multiple procedures Trobaugh says when she went to Adams , he suggested three procedures . "  When you bundle procedures , the risk goes up , " says Stuzin , the plastic surgeon in Miami . The more procedures you have , the more money the doctor makes . Dr. Grant Carlson , a plastic surgeon at Emory University School of Medicine , says an unethical surgeon might suggest a neck lift when someone has come in looking for just for a nose job . "  Unfortunately , money is a motivation in some people . " Perhaps the most valuable advice , Trobaugh says , is to be swayed only by objective information about the surgeon , and not by how the doctor makes you feel . " -LSB- Adams -RSB- truly sounded like he was going to help me . He seemed like he would be truly concerned about me , " she says . But Trobaugh says that when things did n't go well after her surgery , she was taken aback by Adams ' response . "  I told him , ' I ca n't put my right arm down -- there 's a huge lump under my arm . ' I was crying , " she says . She says he told her to take her medicine and rest and give herself time to heal . More than a year and a half after her surgery , Trobaugh says her stomach is "  concave , " she has shooting pains in her breasts , and her "  nipples are uneven and in the wrong place . " Trobaugh says she wishes she had taken a friend or relative with her to her pre-surgical appointments with Adams . "  An aunt or my mother or some other strong female in my life might have picked up on things I did n't pick up on , or thought of questions I did n't think of , " she says . "  And there are no stupid questions when you 're about to alter yourself in some major way . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Jennifer Pifer and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Choose a doctor who 's certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery Check with your state 's medical licensing board for lawsuits , complaints Be wary of having multiple procedures performed all at once
CNN  -- Google 's Eric Schmidt is n't naive . The tech exec has been bopping all around the world lately -- like the nerdy version of Carmen Sandiego -- talking to people in completely unconnected places like Myanmar and North Korea about the benefits of a future powered by the Internet . He 's seen the statistics -- that only 2.7 billion people , or 39 % of the global population , are online ; that only 7 % of households in Africa have Internet access ; and that countries like East Timor , Ethiopia and Burundi have Internet penetration rates of near zero . Yet in spite of that , or maybe because of it , Schmidt claimed over the weekend that everyone in the world  capital "  Everyone "  will be connected to the Internet by 2020 . "  For every person online , there are two who are not , " he wrote on his Google + page . "  By the end of the decade , everyone on Earth will be connected . " That 's 6 years , 8 months and 15-some days from now . Pretty soon , huh ? It is . And it probably wo n't happen that fast . As countless bloggers and Twitter users have pointed out in the past 24 hours , we live in a world where only 63 % have access to "  improved sanitation facilities , " i.e. toilets . Universal anything is difficult to achieve . But instead of bemoaning the boldness of his prediction , we should take Schmidt 's words as a challenge . Information access is a human right . And until someone invents a version of that "  Star Trek " computer , the Internet -- both on smartphones and on the pre-smartphone dinosaurs that sit on our desks -- is the best tool we have for spreading it . Everyone should get Internet access by 2020 . And if not , then soon after . Mobile phones no doubt will pull the date closer . Still , nothing is assured . It 's somewhat annoying and self-serving that Schmidt is the one rallying people behind this cause . Google sorta runs the Internet . The company 's executive chairman clearly stands to profit  even more  from the rapid expansion of digital communication technologies . And he also is promoting a new book on the subject , which comes out at the end of the month . So the timing of this fortune-telling is suspect . But someone needed to set a date for the world to rally around . And Schmidt and co. may be in a unique position to actually help create a future where everyone can be online . Meanwhile , his own travels provide an interesting template for why this matters -- and why getting anywhere near universal and open access by 2020 will be difficult . Take North Korea , which Schmidt visited in January . "  Ordinary North Koreans live in a near-total information bubble , without any true frame of reference , " wrote Schmidt 's daughter , Sophie , who accompanied him on the trip . "  I ca n't think of any reaction to that except absolute sympathy . My understanding is that North Koreans are taught to believe they are lucky to be in North Korea , so why would they ever want to leave ? They 're hostages in their own country , without any real consciousness of it . " It 's easy to see how that could change with access to the world 's information -- and how the current war of rhetoric between North and South Korea could be ratcheted down if either of the countries had full and unfiltered access to information about the other side . But it 's also clear that technological access is only one part of the battle . Governments around the world must peel back censorship laws and , in many cases , stop actively using the Internet to spy on their citizens . That 's likely to be trickier than building infrastructure . Schmidt 's March trip to Myanmar also was instructive . "  A mobile phone costs $ 1,000 per year and does n't really work anyway , and a tiny number of the 60  million  Burmese have Internet access , " he wrote on Google + . "  There is no data service on their mobile network and no international roaming ... Myanmar is one of the last countries to get connected to the Internet , and it will not be a smooth path . " He goes on to question whether cultural trends will influence whether the Internet will be used for good or bad as it does expand in that country . "  Because of the phenomenon of ` anchoring , ' where people believe the first thing they hear and anchor from that point , " he writes , "  will the Internet be used to inflame special interests after 60 years of silence , or will the essential good nature of Burmese citizens prevail and will the transition be smoother than many think ? " I hope it 's the smoother transition -- and that it comes soon  ish  . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Google 's Eric Schmidt says everyone will be online by 2020 John Sutter : That date is unlikely , but the challenge is worthy He says access to free and open information is a human right Sutter : In addition to infrastructure , government must roll back censorship
CNN  -- It 's been impossible to go online or turn on a TV Monday without seeing all the breathless chatter about the "  Doomsday " for the Internet , when hundreds of thousands of people were expected to abruptly lose their connection to the world 's computer brain . But what caused the "  Malware Monday " panic , and is it really warranted ? Here 's a quick-and-dirty guide to what 's going on : Is my computer affected ? Before we actually get into what 's happening , go to this site : http://www.dns-ok.us/ . It will tell you , with near certainty , whether your computer  or smartphone or whatever  has been compromised by the DNSChanger malware , which is the thing everyone 's talking about . iReport : How has the Internet changed your life ? How did all of this start ? In November , the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation charged seven people in connection with a "  massive and sophisticated Internet fraud scheme " called Operation Ghost Click . That scam tampered with the way computers access the Web by sending Internet traffic to websites that people did n't intend to visit . The group made money -- $ 14 million , according to the FBI -- off of fraudulent advertisements on those websites . The FBI eventually shut down the computers that were used to reroute Internet traffic . That move would have essentially cut access to the Internet for those people who had the DNSChanger malware on their systems . So , as a backup , the FBI turned on its own computers to make sure infected machines still would have Internet access . So , what happened on Monday ? On Monday , the FBI turned off those backup computer servers . That means machines infected with the DNSChanger malware -- or that have traces of that malicious computer program left on their computers -- no longer can access the Internet as expected . How many people are affected ? About 211,000 machines -- only 42,000 of them in the United States -- were infected Monday , according to CNNMoney . Maybe that sounds like a lot . But , at its peak , 4 million computers were "  hijacked " by the malware , according to the FBI . That 's 19 times the number of computers currently infected . "  That 's a large number , but it 's a very small subset of the 1.6 billion PCs worldwide , of which an estimated 339 million are in the United States , " CNNMoney writes . Education campaigns are thought to have accounted for the difference . Google , Facebook and the U.S. government have created tools to help people notice if their machines have the DNSChanger malware . What should you do if you 're infected ? Go to this website and follow the steps listed  assuming you can access it  : http://www.dcwg.org/fix/ Or contact your Internet service providers and seek help . Tell them you believe that your computer has been infected with the DNSChanger malware . To prevent future infections , it 's important to install updates to your machine . Professionals also recommend anti-virus software that can detect infections .	FBI turns off computer servers that prop up people infected with a piece of malware The DNSChanger malware affects how computers look up Internet addresses FBI : A "  click-jacking " scam leads to the issue Relatively few computers remain infected with the program
CNN  -- Congratulations , members of Congress : A new poll finds that you 're not viewed as having the lowest ethical standards of any profession in the country ! You edged out car salesman for that honor . Of course , you 're viewed as the second worst profession in terms of honesty and ethics , but hey , savor this moment -- you 've earned it . At least these are the findings of a Gallup poll released this week that asked people to rate "  the honesty and ethical standards of people " in different professions . Besides Congress and car salesmen , also bringing up the rear in this poll are the usual suspects , among them lawyers , stockbrokers and bankers . Topping the list of professions we find most ethical were nurses , followed by pharmacists and doctors . Dentists came in lower , but I doubt that dentists are truly less honorable than M.D.s ; it 's just that dentists seem to enjoy causing us so much pain that this may be our way of paying them back . In reviewing the poll results , I am left with a few burning questions . First , how can car salesmen be viewed as less trustworthy than Congress ? It was n't the guys at the local Ford or Chrysler dealership who caused our government to lose its AAA credit rating . And they are n't the ones who ca n't agree on a budget deal while we collectively stare into the abyss of the "  fiscal cliff . " In fact , I have no doubt that a group of car salesmen could iron out a deal on the budget quicker than our recalcitrant Congress -- plus get us all to buy some undercoating for our cars to boot . But here are my bigger questions about this poll . Do we really care about the ethics of the people in these professions ? Does it truly matter to us whether they are honest ? If we actually did care about the moral fitness of Congress , why would we re-elect them to the tune of 91 % in 2012 ? If honesty truly meant something to us , would n't we have voted out at least half of them ? Even 25 % ? But no , when given a chance last month to vote out Congress , we sent home only 9 % of those up for re-election . And let 's look at lawyers , a profession consistently viewed as ethically challenged . Before I saw the light and became a comedian , I was a practicing attorney for about six years . I can tell you firsthand that my clients never , ever asked me about ethics . What did my clients always ask me about ? How do we win -- be it a lawsuit or negotiations .  Followed by : How much is this going to cost me ?  I even had clients tell me , in essence : I do n't care what you have to do to win this case ; win it , or I will find a lawyer who will . It was up to me to rein in my clients who wanted to go beyond what was ethically permissible . Let 's consider stockbrokers , also a profession that wallows in the pit of perceived low ethics . If your stockbroker had a tip for you that was not illegal but was ethically ambiguous , would you execute the trade based on that info if it could make you a nice payday ? Or what about your accountant ? Would you support her recommendation to take a "  questionable " deduction that would save you a nice chunk of money ? Honestly , have you ever heard someone brag that their lawyer , accountant or financial planner was the most ethical , honest person they ever met ? Unlikely . But I bet you heard people say things like "  My accountant is amazing at finding loopholes , " "  my broker gets me great returns on my money every year " or "  my lawyer is a killer . " We want the meat , but we do n't want to know how the calf is forced to live in a crate or how the lobster is boiled alive . We want tender veal , tasty seafood , lawyers who win cases and brokers who make us money . We want results . But when a poll comes around about ethics , we are all of a sudden holier than thou . We scoff at others ' apparent moral bankruptcy . We joke about their lack of ethics . We convince ourselves that we are ethically superior to them . Yet in the very same instance , we re-elect them to Congress . We retain them to represent us in legal proceedings . We hire them to manage our money . And when they do a good job , we recommend them to friends . So here are my real questions about this poll : Who really are the unethical ones here ? Who truly deserves to be on the bottom of the list of honest people ? Them or us ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	A Gallup poll says Congress has the second-lowest ethical standards of any profession Dean Obeidallah : If we care about ethics , why did we re-elect 91 % of Congress in 2012 ? No one brags that his or her lawyer or accountant is the most ethical , honest person , he says We scoff at others ' apparent moral bankruptcy and imagine we are superior , he says
CNN  -- You might have heard the World Cup is about to start . Turn on any television set in any country and it wo n't be long before you 're being bombarded by a relentless stream of World Cup adverts as manufacturers seek to cash in on football 's greatest sporting event , which is held every four years . "  There seems to be a new one every day , it 's relentless , " M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment CEO Steve Martin told CNN , reflecting on the advertising drive . "  It seems every time you turn on the TV there 's a World Cup advert , " added Martin . "  It 's called the World Cup for a reason and it tends to cut across all countries and all markets . "  The danger for a lot of brands jumping on the bandwagon is they 're not part of it , but I think there 's a very savvy audience now that knows who 's jumping on the bandwagon and who is n't . " Here is CNN 's guide to 10 World Cup-related adverts . 10 . Adidas ' $ 84 million advert replicates a Hollywood movie trailer with the likes of Argentina 's Lionel Messi and Uruguay 's Luis Suarez filmed in a range of locations from the Copacabana beach to a German forest . Messi and co. are depicted preparing for the World Cup , before they eventually arrive in Brazil and take to the field for a game of football . "  I do n't think the bigger companies  like Adidas  shy away from making more touching adverts  than just a game of football  , but I just think because they are pure football brands , pure sports brands , they have to take an approach that falls in line with that , while doing so in an entertaining way , " said Martin . 9 . British broadcaster BBC 's inspiration derives from Toy Story , with its short film showing four football figures -- one voiced by England great Gary Lineker -- escaping from a toy box and attempting to reach the World Cup in Brazil . Divided into separate installments , the ad attempts to reawaken that little child in all of us that struggles to sleep at night due to the sheer anticipation and excitement as the greatest show on earth edges ever closer . "  There 's nothing bigger than the World Cup , it transcends everything and all audiences , " Martin says . "  I think it 's an opportunity for brands to be part of that conversation to get the very big audiences . " 8 . The majority of advertising campaigns look to please as many people as possible with the aim of convincing them that their brand is the be-all and end-all . Puma , however , has gone for a more confrontational approach . "  El Fantasma del 50 ya esta en Brasil " -- "  The 1950 Ghost is in Brazil " -- plays on the host 's darkest sporting hour when they failed to win the 1950 World Cup , with Uruguay winning the event . In less than a minute , a Uruguayan ghost manages to frighten half of Rio de Janeiro , and in the process adds further fuel to an already heated rivalry . Strong stuff , but has Puma succeeded in alienating Brazil 's 200 million inhabitants ? 7 . Supporters adore their players and the players themselves have a mutual love for their fans -- or so we are led to believe . ING Belgium 's three-minute film depicts the Red Devils ' squad messing about -- think Eden Hazard on triangle and Kevin Mirallas on cowbells -- and generally having a whale of a time with their fans . The advert 's payoff comes in the shape of Mousa Dembele and Jan Vertonghen playing a practical joke on Vincent Kompany . 6 . Conjured up on a similarly-grand scale to the Adidas offering , Nike treats us to a game of football played out by a bunch of very good players . Sound familiar ? The match starts off as a kickabout between friends , before morphing into the more familiar game taking place in front of thousands of screaming fans . Cristiano Ronaldo 's girlfriend and the Incredible Hulk are on hand to inject some humor . "  It 's become this great on-pitch battle , the battle of the brands around the World Cup and everybody looks forward to it from a brand perspective , " said Martin . "  It 's really interesting territory as everybody almost ca n't wait to see what 's around the corner from all the brands . " said Martin . 5 . The beautiful thing about the beautiful game is that it can be played by anyone , anywhere , as long of course , you have a ball . Fast food company McDonald 's has picked up the theme for its World Cup offering , showing -- in various locations around the world -- people from all walks of life presenting their footballing tricks to the camera . So rather than allowing the usual big-name players to take all the glory , we have the likes of a young boy , an old man and a woman in high heels playing the starring roles . What 's more , there 's not a single Big Mac in sight . 4 . Nike and Adidas may battle it out each year for the title of who can produce the biggest football advert on the grandest of scales , but they now have a new challenger -- Beats by Dre . You could be forgiven for thinking you had stumbled upon a Brazilian cinematic thriller as this advert -- entitled "  The Game Before The Game " -- gets underway . Brazil star Neymar 's father opens proceedings by handing down some advice to his son on the eve of the World Cup , while we are treated to some jaw-dropping shots of Rio de Janeiro . With the big kickoff fast approaching , players and fans alike are shown preparing in a brooding film that suggests half the battle of a football match is won in the head . "  You expect it from the big brands , but I think we 're going to see some more clever and more imaginative work coming out over the next few weeks , " said Martin . "  More and more companies are now getting involved . " 3 . Chilean beer Cristal goes for the horror genre in its advertising campaign . With Chile up against it in Brazil 2014 's "  Group of Death " -- also featuring Spain , Netherlands and Australia -- Cristal tries to offer the nation a helping hand . Over three different adverts , an opposing supporter is given the creeps in the comforts of their own homes , before the slogan "  Chile is scary " appears . Assuming that Chile will advance to the knockout stages , a fourth advert has been created , with fans of such nations from England to Japan the next to be started up . 2 . Mobile phone company Movistar goes one step further than ING Belgium in attempting to break down that barrier between players and supporters . Spain stars Xabi Alonso , Andres Iniesta , Santi Cazorla , Pepe Reina and Juanfran are all given a makeover to disguise themselves before they go off to work with ordinary people in a range of differing professions . We see Iniesta working in a restaurant kitchen , Alonso helping out at a hospital and Santi Cazorla working as a gardener in a film made as a tribute to the population of Spain . Backed with the motto "  we will make an effort for you , " Real Madrid 's Alonso touchingly shaves an aging man in hospital . "  I like the idea a lot , and it 's a clear example of getting it spot-on , " said Martin . "  You can get it spot on like this one , or it can easily be a hit-and-miss . The ones that are more creative and have a bit more of a storyline to them are more real . " 1 . The miners of the 2010 Copiapo mining accident are Banco de Chile 's inspiration for its offering as "  Los 32 " -- a member of the original "  Los 33 " was actually Bolivian -- rally the troops ahead of the World Cup . Miners ' spokesman Mario Sepulveda offers a rousing call to arms and urges his compatriots not to fear Chile 's "  Group of Death . " Pathos is added with images of the miners ' time trapped underground and their eventual rescue , not to mention an epic soundtrack and setting . "  You 've got to be smart , you 've got to be creative and you 've got to be able to tap into people 's passions in a credible way  when making an advert  , as opposed to just throwing ideas and content out there which can turn you off very quickly , " said Martin . "  But do it right and you can make people buy into it and make them feel very emotional about the content that they 've seen , like this advert does . "  What 's nice about the Chilean advert is it adds real emotion and a human touch to things that are n't fantasy land , while it remains pretty grounded . And as a result it gives you goose pimples when you watch it . " Read more in our Flipboard World Cup Glories magazine	Television screens filled with World Cup adverts Advertisers keen to cash in given football is world 's most popular sport Marketing battle played out across digital as well as television
CNN  -- Multiple sclerosis robbed Christine Rathbun 's mother , Coleen , of the ability to ride a bike or walk around the block . And still , she thanks God each day for being able to step out of bed on her own two feet . Coleen went from using a cane in her early 40s to a walker at 50 . When they were out in public , Christine watched as her mother endured stares and whispers behind her back : Why does such a young woman need a cane or walker ? Is that woman drunk in the middle of the day ? And even though Coleen could n't participate in lots of typical mom things , like going shopping for a prom dress , teaching her daughter to ride a bike , or moving her into her dorm on the first day of college , "  she never failed to reiterate how proud she was of me , " Christine Rathbun said . "  There is still not a day that passes where she does not say that to me , when really I 'm the one who is proud of her . " In honor of Women 's History Month and International Women 's Day , we invited readers to tell the world about the extraordinary women in their lives . We asked you to share a photo on Instagram and complete this sentence : "  This is _______ . She taught me _______ . " Many chose to honor their mom or another maternal figure who met life 's challenges with love and optimism . Meetra Javed 's grandmother had cancer , a stroke and now diabetes , but she still paints henna on her fingernails and takes time to look at the sun each day in Karachi , Pakistan . The 23-year-old New York artist visited her grandmother , Afsari Begum , in Pakistan four months ago . "  She had one breast removed , and was bedridden . She often sat on a wheelchair staring at the sun outside of her balcony grasping holy beads , reciting prayers . Diabetic , suffering from the aftermath of a stroke , and previously fighting breast cancer , she had held onto the true nature of faith , " Javed said . "  While all but two of her children have been hundreds of miles away , she still managed to somehow smile , and see the value of the sun . " Javed remembers her "  Nano " in healthier times , when the woman visited the United States and while "  she would never understand English television , somehow watching WWE wrestling made her laugh uncontrollably . " She chose to honor Begum because "  I want her to know that just because I am  seemingly  millions of miles away in a country she does n't understand , I have not forgotten her . " International Women 's Day 2014 : What kind of world do YOU want to build ? Christine Rathbun was 2 years old when her mother was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis at age 35 . When the autoimmune disease took away her ability to work , Coleen dedicated herself to being the best stay-at-home mother . "  She made my lunch every day , embarrassingly enough , all the way up through high school , and made sure that when I got home from school , she spent quality time with me before her fatigue and leg pain set in , " said Rathbun , a graduate student in social work . "  She made sure no matter what limitations she was facing that I was able to experience the most ` normal ' childhood possible . " Nursing student Noell Persells also chose to honor her mother , who lost her soul mate -- and taught her that "  a princess can save herself . " Persells , 26 , said there was never a couple more in love than her parents , Linda and Richard . Her dad died of cancer four years ago , and her mother "  has looked at each day with a positive attitude . " "  Mom always taught me that what makes a princess ... is not looks , but how she conducts herself when facing hardship -- how she leads herself , her people , her family through that hardship , " said Persells , who lives in Atlanta . "  It 's about putting on a brave face , dealing with what you 're dealt in life , and finding peace and happiness in what you are given because there are other people who have so much less . " Karen Putz chose to honor an older woman who is not her mother , but who helped her give birth to a more courageous version of herself . More than 20 years ago , as a teenager , Putz lost her hearing while barefoot water skiing . In 2009 , Putz was overweight , out of shape and scared to get on the water again . Her husband sent her a clip of 66-year-old Judy Myers , a heavyset woman who had picked up the sport in her 50s . The two women connected on Facebook and Myers encouraged Putz to return to the sport she once loved . "  She taught me that you 're never too old to unwrap your passions , " wrote Putz , who lives in Bolingbrook , Illinois . "  Today , we barefoot water ski together and she is an awesome friend . Judy taught me that the best days of life are not behind us ; the best days are still ahead ! " Scroll through the gallery to meet some other extraordinary women and then tell us about the woman who most inspires you .	March 8 is International Women 's Day What woman most inspires you ? CNN asked readers to share tributes to the women in their lives Moms and mother figures dominated the tributes
San Francisco  CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard is suspending its search off the California coast for a distressed 29-foot sailboat that was carrying a couple and two children , and said Tuesday the incident is "  possibly a hoax . " The mission 's cost has reached several hundreds of thousands of dollars since Sunday , said Cmdr. Don Montoro . Searchers have been scouring the water off San Francisco for the people that a distress call claimed were on the boat : the couple , their 4-year-old child and the child 's cousin , who the Coast Guard said was younger than 8 . Coast Guard investigators will look into the incident and "  prosecute it and investigate it to the best of their ability , " Montoro said . "  We 're not investigating it directly as a hoax , but we are pursuing every avenue . It 's certainly a possibility . " "  I know we do have successful prosecutions " on such hoaxes , Montoro said , "  and it would be taken very seriously . " Since last June , the Coast Guard has been offering a $ 3,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and prosecution of those responsible for an apparent hoax that prompted a massive rescue effort off the coast of New Jersey following a distress call . In that incident , a search came up empty for purportedly injured and adrift passengers from a yacht hit by an explosion at sea . The agency found no evidence of people , debris or even a boat , it said . The investigation is still active , Coast Guard spokesman Charles Rowe said Tuesday . Making a false distress call is considered a felony , punishable by up to 10 years behind bars and a $ 250,000 fine , the Coast Guard said last June . The person responsible could also be required to reimburse the government for the cost of the search . In 2011 , the Coast Guard counted 54 probable hoaxes nationwide out of 7,274 mayday cases , Rowe said . One hoax cost the Guard $ 74,000 , another $ 44,000 and another $ 5,200 , he said . Those costs do n't include local police or other first responding agency costs , he added . In one region alone -- New York City , Hudson River and northern New Jersey -- there were 80 probable hoaxes during the past six years , Rowe said . In this week 's incident off the California coast , the weather offshore during the search featured gale-force winds and 25-foot seas , Montoro said . On Sunday afternoon , the Coast Guard received a radio communication that stated : "  This is the Charm Blow , we are abandoning ship . " The man on the radio told the Coast Guard that the boat had begun taking on water and its electronics were failing , the agency said . At that time , the boat was believed to be some 65 miles  105 kilometers  off Pillar Point , south of San Francisco . The focus of the search had been 60 to 65 miles off Monterey Bay , said Lt. Heather Lampert , a Coast Guard spokeswoman . At 20,000 square miles , the search area was nearly the size of West Virginia . The U.S. Navy from Point Magu and the 129th Air National Guard from Moffett Airfield participated in the search , Montoro said . More than 40 search-and-rescue assets were involved in the effort , he said . At one point , two Coast Guard cutters , HC-130 planes , MH-65 helicopters and a Navy E2-C Hawkeye were involved , the Coast Guard said on Monday . CNN 's Dan Simon and Augie Martin reported from San Francisco . Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Coast Guard counts 54 probable hoaxes nationwide in 2011 Reward of $ 3,000 still stands in last June 's hoax off the New Jersey coast Navy and Air National Guard participate in the California coast search "  We 're not investigating it directly as a hoax . ... It 's certainly a possibility , " official says
On the surface , it resembles just about any other high school in Japan -- or any high school in most places around the world . Students sit quietly studying math , science and English ; some struggle to stay focused , looking at the clock and waiting for the bell to ring . When the school day ends , some move out to the sports fields for rugby or soccer practice , while others study music in emptying hallways . What makes this school different is the pictures of two men scattered throughout the building -- portraits of North Korea 's founder Kim Il Sung and previous leader Kim Jong Il . The Tokyo Korean Middle and High School , which is currently home to 650 students , is one of 10 high schools in Japan with long standing ties to North Korea . It 's something the school 's principal , Gil-ung Shin , is very open about . "  Yes , North Korea has given us financial support over the years , sending us money and textbooks , " he says . The school also organizes annual trips to Pyongyang , where students are given highly orchestrated tours of the reclusive North Korean capital . But the students we spoke with laughed at suggestions from some quarters that they are being trained as spies . "  People think we 're being brain-washed . We 're not . We just want to study Korean culture and language , " 17-year-old Kyong Rae Ha says . Sang Yong Lee , also 17 , laughs at such notions , saying , "  No , I 'm not being trained to be a spy . This is just a place where I can show my pride as a Korean , living in Japan . " In fact , most of the students were born in Japan , as were many of their parents and grandparents . Korea was a Japanese colony until the end of the Second World War , and many Koreans were brought to Japan -- many against their will -- before the country was eventually divided between north and south . But the mistrust runs deep , and many Japanese are wary of such schools . Fresh on the minds of many in Japan is North Korea 's admitted kidnapping of Japanese citizens from Japanese soil in the 1970s and 1980s . Pyongyang says it considers the matter resolved , but Japan has long demanded more answers . North Korea 's strategic posture has also alarmed Japan . There 's concern over an imminent nuclear test by North Korea -- which would be its third since 2006 . And in December , Pyongyang launched a rocket that it said put the Shining Star-3 satellite into orbit . But that is only a small part of the equation . Amid increasingly threatening rhetoric from North Korea towards its neighbors and the U.S. , Japan 's new Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is steadfastly refusing to consider requests for government funding for any pro-Pyongyang schools in Japan . It 's a high stakes battle for millions of dollars . The students and their families argue they should get help with tuition from the central government , and the school should receive subsidies from local prefectures . They argue that they are no different from the students at other international schools in Japan , which are afforded such luxuries . "  We pay the same taxes as everyone else , " Kyong Rae Ha says . "  It makes me angry as well as sad . " Shin acknowledges the abductions , and says the students learn about the crimes . And when we ask about the ever-present portraits of North Korea 's leaders -- portraits that also hang in his office -- and whether he 's thought of taking them down , he says it 's simply a way of saying thanks to those who 've helped fund the school over the years . But he adds , "  We do n't force the students to pledge their loyalty to anyone . "  I just feel bad that my students are caught in the middle of all of this . "	Tokyo Korean Middle and High School one of 10 schools in Japan with ties to North Korea Portraits of N. Korea 's founder Kim Il Sung and previous leader Kim Jong Il hang on walls 17-year-old Kyong Rae Ha : We just want to study Korean culture and language Most of the students were born in Japan , which colonized united Korea until after WWII
CNN  -- Rescue workers have located the downed Yemenia Airways plane 's distress signals , but not its flight data recorders , France 's Foreign Ministry said Wednesday . Relatives of passengers on the doomed jet arrive at Marseille airport in southern France . The ministry clarified comments made earlier in the day by the ministry 's junior minister for cooperation Alain Joyandet . He told CNN affiliate BFM TV that the "  black boxes " -- the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder -- had been localized . "  The jet distress beacons were found , instead of the black boxes , " the ministry later clarified . "  There could have been some confusion . " The Airbus 310 went down early Tuesday , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members on a flight that originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa . The jet took off from Sanaa at 9:45 p.m. Monday and vanished from radar when it was about 16 miles from Comoros ' capital , Moroni . The French navy and Yemeni authorities expanded search efforts for wreckage and bodies Wednesday , with a French frigate among the ships joining the search . Watch what is known about the flight " Searchers had recovered three bodies , Qadir said . Bahia Bakari , a 13-year-old French girl , was the only known survivor . Her mother was also on the flight , but she has not been found . The girl 's father Kassim Bakari told France Info , a French radio network , that his wife and daughter were flying to Comoros to visit relatives . Watch as airline describes child 's rescue " "  When I had her on the phone , I asked her what happened and she said , ` Daddy , I do n't know what happened , but the plane fell into the water and I found myself in the water ... surrounded by darkness . I could not see anyone , ' " Bakari said . Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens , 54 Comorians , one Palestinian and one Canadian , according to Yemeni and French officials . The crew was made up of six Yemenis , two Moroccans , one Ethiopian , one Filipino and one Indonesian . A number of potential contributing factors were being considered in the crash . Recent plane crashes " "  The weather conditions were indeed very troubling and the winds were very strong , reaching 61 kilometers per hour  38 mph  , " Qadir said . "  That 's one thing . The other thing was that the sea was very rough when the plane approached landing at Moroni airport . " But French Transport Minister Dominique Bussereau noted that France banned the Yemenia Airbus A310-300 several years ago because of safety concerns . "  People are talking about poor weather conditions , but for the moment , we are unsure , " Bussereau said . "  It seems the plane may have attempted an approach , put on the gas , and attempted another approach , which then failed . For the moment , we must be careful , because none of this information is verified . " Qadir said it was too early to blame the aircraft for the crash . "  This plane is just like any other plane , " he said . "  It can have a malfunction , but we do n't know what really happened before the investigation is over . And then we can determine if there is a technical issue , bad weather or anything else that may have led to the crash . " It is the second crash involving an Airbus jet in a month . On June 1 , an Air France Airbus A330 crashed off Brazil while en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France . All 228 aboard are presumed dead . The cause remains under investigation . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report	NEW : Plane 's distress signals located but not its flight data recorder French navy and Yemeni authorities expand search efforts for wreckage , bodies Airbus 310 went down with 153 people on flight originating in Sanaa , Yemen U.S. accident investigators probing two recent failures aboard Airbus A330s
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A New York Post cartoon Wednesday drew fire from civil rights activist Al Sharpton and others who say the drawing invokes historically racist images in suggesting an ape wrote President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus package . Al Sharpton says he wonders whether the cartoon "  is making a less-than-casual inference " to a form of racism . The artist , Sean Delonas , called Sharpton 's reaction "  ridiculous , " and the newspaper defended its decision to run his cartoon . But other African-American leaders joined Sharpton , who has been the butt of previous Delonas panels , in attacking what they called the cartoon 's racial overtones . "  Sean Delonas ' cartoon in today 's New York Post is insensitive and offensive , " National Urban League President Marc Morial said in a statement issued Wednesday afternoon . "  Comparing President Obama and his effort to revive the economy in a manner that depicts violence and racist inferences is unacceptable . " The cartoon showed two police officers standing over the body of a chimpanzee they just shot , a reference to this week 's mauling of a Connecticut woman by a pet chimp , which police killed after the attack . In the cartoon , one of the officers tells the other , "  They 'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . " New York Post : See cartoon The nearly $ 800 billion stimulus package was the priority for Obama , the first African-American U.S. president , who signed it Tuesday . Watch Sharpton raise racism concerns , and see the cartoon " "  The cartoon in today 's New York Post is troubling at best , given the racist attacks throughout history that have made African-Americans synonymous with monkeys , " Sharpton said . Sharpton questioned whether Delonas "  is making a less-than-casual inference to this form of racism . " "  The Post should at least clarify what point they were trying to make in this cartoon , and reprimand their cartoonist for making inferences that are offensive and divisive at a time the nation struggles to come together to stabilize the economy if , in fact , this was yet another racially charged cartoon , " he said . In a brief phone interview with CNN , Delonas called the controversy "  absolutely friggin ' ridiculous . " "  Do you really think I 'm saying Obama should be shot ? I did n't see that in the cartoon , " Delonas said . "  It 's about the economic stimulus bill , " he added . "  If you 're going to make that about anybody , it would be -LSB- House Speaker Nancy -RSB- Pelosi , which it 's not . " Col Allan , the Post 's editor-in-chief , said the cartoon "  is a clear parody of a current news event . " Watch CNN panel discuss the cartoon " "  It broadly mocks Washington 's efforts to revive the economy . Again , Al Sharpton reveals himself as nothing more than a publicity opportunist , " Allan said in a written statement . But Sharpton and Morial were not alone in their criticism . Barbara Ciara , president of the National Association of Black Journalists , said the Post showed a "  serious lapse in judgment " by running the cartoon . "  To think that the cartoonist and the responsible editors at the paper did not see the racist overtones of the finished product should insult their intelligence , " Ciara said in a written statement . "  Instead , they celebrate their own lack of perspective and criticize those who call it what it is : tone deaf at best , overtly racist at worst . " Jeff Johnson , a former activist turned Black Entertainment Television host , said provocative cartoons are good , but that "  none of this is appropriate on any level . " "  The Post ultimately has to answer ... -LSB- for -RSB- a specific reference to the president of the United States to violence and to his connection to an animal likeness , " Johnson said . In California , civil rights leader Earl Ofari Hutchinson called on the Post to apologize . "  In times past , that depiction of African-Americans has been vigorously condemned as racially offensive , " Hutchinson said in a statement issued from his Los Angeles Urban Policy Roundtable . "  The cartoon also subtly condones violence . We call on the Post management to issue an immediate apology and a statement that racial insults will not be tolerated by Post writers and cartoonists . "	NEW : Others join Al Sharpton in saying cartoon invokes historically racist images Cartoon makes references to recent chimp attack , stimulus bill Cartoonist calls Sharpton 's objections "  ridiculous " Newspaper 's editor : Sharpton showing himself to be a "  publicity opportunist "
CNN  -- Caroline Kennedy , the 51-year-old daughter of President John F. Kennedy , has indicated her interest in filling the New York Senate seat being vacated by secretary of state designee Hillary Clinton . Caroline Kennedy has her eyes on the New York Senate seat . "  I 've talked to Caroline Kennedy and she 's clearly interested , " New York Sen. Chuck Schumer said at a news conference Monday afternoon . He indicated that 12 people were interested in the position . "  She 's interested in the position , " New York Gov. David Paterson confirmed . But at the same time "  she realizes it 's not a campaign . " Paterson , who will name Clinton 's successor , noted that Kennedy had indicated a desire to "  sit down and tell me what her qualifications are . " The Rev. Al Sharpton also released a statement Monday indicating that he had received a call from Kennedy "  who expressed to me her interest in -LSB- Clinton 's -RSB- Senate seat . " Kennedy 's interest in the seat could mean the continuation of a family legacy in the Senate that began 56 years ago with the election of her father as the then-junior senator from Massachusetts . Background : The Kennendys in Politics " Her uncle Ted Kennedy has represented Massachusetts in the Senate since 1963 , and her uncle Robert Kennedy served as New York 's junior senator from 1965 until he was assassinated in 1968 . "  Remember , -LSB- Clinton 's -RSB- seat in the Senate was once held by Robert Kennedy , " said Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst . " -LSB- Caroline Kennedy 's -RSB- other uncle , Ted Kennedy , is ill right now . If Paterson appoints Caroline Kennedy to the Senate , it means there could be a Kennedy staying in the Senate for quite a long time . " Watch Sen. Schumer on the possible candidates " CNN reported earlier this month that Caroline Kennedy had called Paterson to discuss the possibility of taking the seat . Paterson has the power to appoint a replacement , who will then face a special election in 2010 to fill out Clinton 's term . Paterson confirmed to CNN last week that Kennedy had called and "  asked a few questions " about the expected vacancy . One Democratic source close to the Kennedy family told CNN earlier this month Kennedy was "  interested to say the least " in the Senate seat and had asked a tight circle of other family friends and political advisers for advice . Before this year , Kennedy generally limited her forays into the public sphere to nonpartisan activity , penning books on civil liberties and serving as the de facto guardian of her father 's legacy . But in January , she backed a political candidate for the first time , announcing her endorsement of Obama during the Democratic primary season with an op-ed in The New York Times that drew days of the kind of media attention she has spent her life avoiding . "  I have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them , " she wrote . "  But for the first time , I believe I have found the man who could be that president -- not just for me , but for a new generation of Americans . " "  Apparently , she has acquired a taste for politics , " Schneider noted . "  She wants to be part of this new regime in America , clearly playing a key role in the Senate if she gets that appointment . " Watch Bill Schneider 's report " There are a slew of high-profile candidates for Clinton 's Senate seat , including New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , whose last name carries some star power of its own New York , where his father was once governor . Kennedy 's roots in New York also run deep . Her mother , Jacqueline Kennedy , relocated to New York after her husband 's assassination in 1963 , with children Caroline and John F. Kennedy Jr. . Caroline Kennedy has also spent most of her life in the city , working there after graduating from Harvard , meeting her husband , Edwin Schlossberg , on the job at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , and attending Columbia Law School there . Her most prominent public roles involved overseeing her father 's presidential library and presenting the annual Profiles in Courage Award . She 's also edited several books , from a volume of children 's poetry and an updated edition of her father 's book "  Profiles in Courage " to a collection of patriotic verse  "  A Patriot 's Handbook : Songs , Poems , Stories , and Speeches Celebrating the Land We Love "  . Most of her leadership positions have been based in the arts : serving as host of the annual nationally televised Kennedy Center Honors in Washington and serving as the honorary chairwoman of the American Ballet Theatre , as her mother did . In late spring and early summer she was mentioned as a possible vice-presidential candidate and more recently as a contender for secretary of education in an Obama Cabinet . But elected office would mark a major shift for Kennedy . In a 2002 Time magazine interview promoting the updated "  Profiles in Courage , " Kennedy would not rule out the possibility of a run for public office . "  I do n't have any plans to do that right now , " she said . "  I do n't plan ahead . My kids are young , and I 'm really happy to be able to be around . But I do care about issues , and I 'm interested in them . So I do n't see that now , but you know , I have a long life ahead of me . " CNN 's John King , Kate Bolduan , Mark Preston and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Schumer says Kennedy is "  clearly interested , " one of 12 candidates Kennedy 's interest in the seat could mean the continuation of a family legacy Gov. David Paterson can appoint replacement who will face special election in 2010 Kennedy is the daughter of former President John F. Kennedy
CNN  -- There are not many places where Rafael Nadal can escape . As one of the world 's most high-profile athletes , his every move is under scrutiny -- especially now after his withdrawal from the London 2012 Olympics and this month 's U.S. Open has created widespread speculation about his future as a force in tennis . He 's one of the most intense men to step foot on a court , and his aggressive , muscular style has contributed to the injuries that have blighted his career in recent years , meaning he has required long periods of recuperation . So where does the Spaniard go when he wants to get away from it all and recover from his punishing schedule ? An island paradise he calls home . "  What Mallorca gives Rafael is tranquility , " the 26-year-old 's coach and uncle Toni Nadal told CNN . "  He feels comfortable here . The Mallorcan character is very familiar , not only our family , but most of the Mallorcan families . "  Apart from being very familiar , we are people who normally love our homeland . We all feel very comfortable here , no ? Therefore , for Rafael it 's normal . He 's got his friends here , his family , his birthplace , he 's always had a good grounding . " Tennis rivals fear for injured Nadal 's future While many sports stars move to glamorous tax havens such as Monaco , Nadal chooses to stay close to his roots -- and the beautiful Balearic island has its attractions . From Claudia Schiffer to Boris Becker and even the King of Spain himself , it has played host to the rich and famous for many years . Located just off the coast of Spain in the western Mediterranean , about 209 kilometers south of Barcelona and 241 km east of Valencia , Mallorca is the largest of a group of islands including Ibiza , Menorca and Formentera . With its idyllic mountains , golden beaches and fertile strips of green , it is little wonder that one of tennis ' most successful men has remained in his home city rather than move abroad . "  It 's true that there are many people that when they 've traveled , when they 've had some success , it 's normal for them to change the place they live , " said Toni Nadal , who has coached Rafa since he was a small boy . "  Here in Mallorca it is less normal , because people here feels very attached to our homeland . I think that 's the reason why Rafael is still here . First because he loves Mallorca , he loves the sea , he likes being close to the family and his lifelong friends . That 's what I think is stopping him from going to other places . " Injury forces Nadal out of U.S. Open There 's also the fact that the 11-time grand slam champion , who won a record seventh French Open title in June , does not actually enjoy all the publicity he receives . "  You know , I am shy , " Nadal told CNN 's Open Court just days after pulling out of the Olympics due to his ongoing knee problems . "  I am a little less shy than I was a few years ago . That is something that is difficult to lose , but it is something that happens very often for me . "  I think I have learned a lot the last couple of years and I am able to relax a little bit more when I am with people . I enjoy it a little bit more than a few years ago , because I have a little bit more experience , and I have been in the same situation for a lot of times . " For some , the whirlwind rise to stardom may have proved difficult to adapt to with constant television coverage , sponsorship deals and attention coming from all directions . Although he is still adapting to the limelight , Nadal said he has come to terms with his position and the benefits it has brought . Nadal forced to withdraw from London Olympics "  I am a very lucky guy about what has happened to me . So I can not pretend to have everything that I have and not have a camera there or not have attention there , " he said . "  I really feel comfortable with that . I feel very lucky . Seriously , when I am here at home I really do n't have attention on me . I am a really normal guy and that 's very important to me . " Nadal remains one of the most down to earth sportsmen in the public eye and his desire to escape attention by staying in Mallorca and remaining with friends and family is somewhat of an anomaly . Those relationships have helped him to remain focused on his tennis and escape the pitfalls that fame often brings . "  I always like to do the things that I think are right , " he said . "  I am not trying to be a model , I am trying to be myself and do the right things . "  If what I am doing is a model , or is an example , is the right example , I am very happy , but I do n't pretend that . " The 100th-ranked player who defeated Nadal Since suffering a second-round shock defeat at Wimbledon against the world number 100 Lukas Rosol , Nadal has been suffering with a recurrence of his injuries . While the world No. 3 will be resting the tendonitis in his left knee , his rivals will be competing for glory at Flushing Meadows . Having missed much of the 2009 season with a similar injury , this latest setback has been all too familiar . Nadal 's disappointment at missing the Olympics was exacerbated by the fact he had to relinquish his role as the Spanish flagbearer at the opening ceremony . And while Nadal 's presence will be sorely missed in New York , his uncle remains philosophical about his nephew 's future . "  I said to him that life had treated him well enough to accept this disappointment , " explained Toni . "  I said that he 's seen himself in worse situations , worse situations of injury . It 's a disappointment , but it 's not the end of the world . "	Rafael Nadal has shunned the chance to leave his island home of Mallorca World number three will miss this month 's U.S. Open with knee problems Spaniards admits he has grown to live with his fame despite being shy His uncle and coach Toni backs Rafa to fight back from his latest setbacks
CNN  -- As Europe struggles to recover from crisis , two of its most powerful leaders are meeting to thrash out the next stage . British Prime Minister David Cameron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are this week in Sweden , discussing jobs growth and the future of the European Parliament . The talks come after support for anti-EU parties soared in May 's European elections , as frustrated voters turned away from the established political leaders . Europe 's long-term unemployment crisis is high on the agenda of the Stockholm meetings . Youth unemployment in the European Union reached a record high of 23.4 % in January , according to Eurostat . But the European unemployment numbers paint an unequal picture . Countries like Greece , Spain and Italy have suffered high unemployment rates since the onset of the eurozone crisis , with harsh austerity measures contributing to job losses . Other countries escaped the worst of the crisis . Explore the map above to find out which countries were hardest hit , and which emerged unscathed . Read more : Europe may be recovering , but crisis is not over for us Opinion : Why Europe 's unemployment ills need urgent economic medicine Interactive : Protest parties shake up pivotal European elections	Youth unemployment in the EU reached another record high of 23.4 % in January But the situation is not the same in all countries -- some have escaped the devastation British PM David Cameron , German Chancellor Angela Merkel are meeting to discuss jobs growth in Europe
CNN  -- Lava and ash from Ecuador 's Tungurahua volcano forced the closure of Guayaquil Airport until Saturday afternoon , an airport spokesman said Friday . The glacier-capped , 16,478-foot  5,023-meter  volcano has erupted periodically since 1999 , with major eruptions occurring in August 2006 and February 2008 , the government 's emergency management agency said . Officials evacuated the towns of Cusua and Juive Grande in central Ecuador , the emergency agency said , but no injuries or fatalities had been reported . No further evacuations were planned , the agency said . Death toll climbs from Guatemala eruption The eruption sent a large ash cloud into the air , the Geophysical Institute of Peru said . The height could not be determined because of cloudiness in the area . Are you in Ecuador ? Share your volcanic activity images Before the long-term eruption beginning in 1999 that caused the temporary evacuation of the city of Banos at the foot of the volcano , the last major eruption had occurred from 1916 to 1918 , and minor activity continued until 1925 , the Smithsonian Institution said on its volcano Web site . The volcano is 87 miles  140 km  south of Quito , the nation 's capital . Tungurahua means "  throat of fire " in the native Quechua language . It was the second volcanic eruption reported in Latin America in the past few days . The Pacaya volcano erupted Thursday in Guatemala , killing at least three people .	NEW : Guayaquil Airport closed until Saturday afternoon Emergency agency : No deaths , injuries reported , no more evacuations planned Tungurahua volcano has erupted periodically since 1999
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Marina lost her spleen and has a punctured lung . She was attached to a rebel group as a combat medic , and was hurt during the fighting , she told CNN from her hospital bed . She read a tousled book in an almost empty ward in Donetsk 's Kalinin hospital . Her chest drained blood and other fluids to a bottle on the floor . Her nom-de-guerre is Tigger , inspired by Winnie the Pooh 's feline friend . She chose not to reveal her surname for safety reasons , but her self-introduction was revealing . "  I 'm from Russia , from Kuban , I 'm 23 years old , I used to work at a rescue organization and I got here because I could n't stay out of the situation , " Marina said . Marina is n't Ukrainian , she crossed a border to join the fight rarely admitted by rebel forces . Help for Donetsk Peoples ' Republic , the formal name of the rebels , comes from Russia in many forms , and this combat medic was another example . Now , she spends her days in hospital , receiving care from doctors who are as concerned about their neutrality as they are about their patients . In this war-torn region , every day is a struggle . "  Due to the fighting many people have left the region ... we have enough doctors , but there 's a shortage of nurses , " said Dr. Andrei Sagalevich , head of the Surgery Department at Kalinina Hospital . Dr. Sagalevich manages an institution with beds for 1,100 patients ; nevertheless , an occupation of around 50 % is challenging given their staff and supply levels . Combat wounded represent a relatively small number of people under treatment in Kalinin . Out of 38 , at least 15 are civilians . But these figures are imprecise . A hospital building was taken over by the rebels and cases that are n't serious recover there . Doctors have no way of knowing exactly how many people their institution takes care of . Their most reliable supply line is currently run by NGO Doctors Without Borders . Sagalevich told CNN how grateful he is for the medicines and other necessities they donate to his hospital and others across the region . "  The medical staff I have seen is amazing , most hospitals continue to work in this extremely difficult situation , " said Colette Gadenne , emergency field coordinator for Donetsk 's Doctors Without Borders . Donetsk is relatively more accessible , and here they have been able to distribute supplies to treat up to 2,380 combat wounded . In other regions , where these materials are desperately needed due to fierce fighting , logistics are limited . "  We struggle to have access to hospitals to supply them , because of the dynamics of the conflict , it 's very difficult , " Gadenne told CNN . Marina was wounded in one of these hot areas where fierce fighting continues . Slovyansk was under mortar fire and I helped pull a family out of the debris , " Marina proudly said . Not long after that , she was shot . Her punctured lung made her pant as she tried to speak . Determined to continue talking , sitting upright on her bed , she was already thinking about what to do after recovery . "  I want to join the fight again , there 's a shortage of medical staff , and I want to help ; Fascism wo n't be tolerated . " Marina said . Kateryna Zhuchenko contributed to this report .	Her nom-de-guerre is Tigger , inspired by Winnie the Pooh 's feline friend She crossed a border to join the fight rarely admitted by rebel forces Though injured , she vows to fight again
AOL Autos  -- Have you ever heard of someone having their car "  totaled " ? While the word might conjure images of a massive car accident , replete with broken glass and the Jaws of Life , the reality is sometimes far removed . Ford 's repair and safety engineers first began collaborating on the 2009 F-150 pick-up truck . In fact , there are many accidents that produce structural damage such that the vehicle 's frame is bent , even though the exterior of the car might even look drivable . Typically these cars are "  totaled , " which might give buyers the peace of mind knowing they will get a replacement vehicle . But , overall this produces much higher insurance rates for all drivers . Car companies and insurers are working hard to try and reduce the cost of auto repairs and insurance premiums for consumers and some of the development is breathtaking in its innovation This effort has already led to many new developments in the design of various auto parts and components -- which have indeed led to a reduction in repair costs for various auto parts , components and structures . And more advances are on the way : some carmakers have recently ramped up their operations in this area , which should result in greater cost savings in coming years . One recent development in this area is the Ford Motor Company 's new $ 650,000 Paint and Body Technology Center in Inkster , Michigan , about 20 minutes from the company 's Dearborn world headquarters . The new center was created by merging operations with the company 's Safety Crash Test Analysis department . Other car companies have their own versions of this kind of operation , including Ford 's crosstown rivals , General Motors Corp. and Chrysler LLC . The new Ford center represents an advancement over its previous paint and body tech operation in that it 's larger , closer to the company 's HQ , and now works more closely with design engineers and auto insurers -- and gets insurers involved earlier in the design process . AOL Autos : Cut your insurance in half The goal is to identify potential repair issues and then use that info to refine designs -- which in turn helps cut the cost of repairs at dealerships and independent repair shops . Plus , this effort allows repair techs to more effectively restore the vehicles to their pre-accident condition . To that end , engineers gather data earlier in the vehicle development process so it can be then analyzed during crash and durability testing . AOL Autos : How to choose a repair shop For Ford , the closer integration of these functions began when the carmaker 's repair and safety engineers first began collaborating on the 2009 F-150 pick-up truck . During the vehicle 's early development period , these engineers realized that new materials -- including ultra-high-strength steel and boron -- helped make the new truck safer , but also could make it more expensive to repair after a collision . AOL Autos : Minor damages , major repair costs "  The extensive use of advanced technologies and materials in the 2009 F-150 required us to develop new , specific procedures and repair recommendations , " said Gerry Bonanni , Ford 's collision repair senior engineer . So , Ford engineers designed and developed new front and rear-frame-section kits -- which means one single section of the frame can now be repaired / replaced after a crash , instead of having to replace the entire frame . "  Partial-frame repairs cost at least $ 2,000 less than full-frame replacements , " says Bonanni -- and will prevent some vehicles from being "  totaled , " which would have previously been the case under repair laws in some states . The success of the collaboration on the F-150 prompted the decision to open the new paint and body tech center . A more recent example was the work done on the 2010 Mustang . "  Previously , we had no real procedure for sectioning off the rear-frame rails , " says Bonanni . "  But , by collaborating with repair technicians and the insurance companies , we developed a procedure , which we then documented for the repair techs in our dealers . "  That allows them to repair just a short section of the rear-frame rails , instead of replacing the entire frame-rail system -- which also translates into lower repair costs , and lower insurance rates , for the owner . " General Motors ' Collision Repair Test Center has had also had recent success on this front , says Jim Doherty , GM 's manager of the service-engineering team for aftersales body structures . "  We coordinate with the product engineers , so as soon as a new vehicle starts development , about four years before it 's introduced , we engage with their team , " says Doherty . "  Some of our people work on the structure , and some on the exterior , and we collaborate with the design engineers to work out whatever improvements might need to be made over the previous version of a component or assembly . " AOL Autos : Best & worst auto designs As with Ford , "  the goal is to make sure that the vehicle has the most cost-effective repair strategy , " adds Dave Bakos , GM 's director of global after-sales mechanical engineering . "  Our liaisons with people in the insurance industries are definitely useful -- they call us if they have concerns , and when we develop a new technology , we contact them to make sure they understand it . " The development of lighter-weight steel for auto frames also presents challenges to GM 's center . "  They 're very high-strength , but their repairability is more difficult when compared with the old cold-rolled steels -- so , that has forced us to come up with new welding , sectioning and attachment strategies as the vehicle is being designed and developed , " says Doherty . AOL Autos : Take the guesswork out of buying a used car Doherty and Bakos cite a couple of examples of how the Collision Repair Test Center -- and the collaboration between design and repair engineers and insurance companies -- have been parlayed into cost savings for car owners . Prior to the current model year , the cost of repairing the frame-rail assembly on a Pontiac Solstice included $ 936 for the part itself , plus 13 1/2 hours worth of labor costs to install , says Doherty . But by working with design engineers and insurers , the Collision Repair Test Center was able to develop and create a "  service-only " partial assembly . That means that , on the '09 Solstice , a collision technician can replace the damaged section of the front rail only , rather than the entire front rail section . The parts for the partial assembly cost far less and require just three and a half hours of labor to install , " says Doherty . "  Because of these changes , the total cost savings for this repair could be as high as $ 1,500 . " The current Saturn Aura presented a challenge / opportunity along the same lines . For the '09 Aura , GM engineers at the Collision Repair Test Center created "  zone-specific " replacement parts . "  Rather than replacing the entire body-side assembly as a single piece , engineers developed sectioning procedures for the front , center and rear quarter sections of the vehicle , " explains Doherty . "  This allows the technician multiple repair options when repairing the side of a damaged vehicle . Even though the cost of parts remained similar , labor cost savings created were substantial , ranging from about $ 600 to as high as $ 1,200 . " One current focus for these operations at Ford , GM and other carmakers relates to side-impact crashes . "  We do n't want every vehicle to have to end up in the salvage yard just because a side pillar is damaged , " says Bakos . "  So we 're working on some combination of welding or welding and adhesives , or maybe mechanical fasteners , in order make those sections more repairable , so that the vehicle is n't totaled . " New challenges continue to present themselves , says Ford 's Bonanni . "  New technologies are developing pretty rapidly , " he says . "  And each time a new one comes along , it 's our job to develop new ways of repairing the various structures , components and parts that incorporate those new technologies -- and do it in a way that maintains the vehicle 's after-crash structural integrity , and keeps costs down for the vehicle owner . "	Companies and insurers sections cars to be crash  and repair  friendly Many new developments exist in the design of auto parts and components New materials -- including ultra-high-strength steel -- help make vehicles safer New challenges continue to present themselves , says Ford expert
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The United Nations ' anti-drugs chief has denounced celebrities such as pop star Amy Winehouse and supermodel Kate Moss , saying that their alleged drug use was helping devastate West Africa . Amy Winehouse 's battles with her addiction are well-documented . "  Coke-snorting fashionistas are not only damaging their noses and brains -- they are contributing to state failure on the other side of the world , " wrote Antonio Maria Costa , the executive director of the UN 's Office on Drugs and Crime . The comments , published in an opinion piece in the British newspaper The Observer , was the second time in two weeks that the United Nations has criticized celebrity drug use . A report last week by the International Narcotics Control Board said that drug laws should not be disproportionately applied . And letting celebrities get away with drug use creates a perception among youth that those offenders are treated leniently . Read about the earlier warning from the United Nations drug control agency Costa , in his piece , said the cocaine used in Europe passes through impoverished countries in west Africa where governments have n't been able to mount an effective fight against the drug traders . "  In the 19th century , Europe 's hunger for slaves devastated west Africa , " he said . "  Two hundred years later , its growing appetite for cocaine could do the same . " The drug trade , Costa said , has corrupted the governments of some countries , and created addicts in a continent where treatment facilities are rare . "  Amy Winehouse might adopt a defiant pose and slur her way through ` Rehab '  her Grammy Award-winning hit  but does she realize the message she sends to others who are vulnerable to addiction and who can not afford expensive treatment ? " he said . Winehouse 's battles with her addiction are well-documented . The singer -- whose song "  Rehab " describes her reluctance to enter a rehabilitation center -- checked herself into one on January 24 after the leak of a home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe . What was in the pipe was unknown . Scotland Yard has said it is looking into the video . Winehouse scooped up five statues at the Grammy Awards last month , including the best record and song of the year for "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's spokesman , Chris Goodman , called Costa a "  ludicrous man . " "  Amy has never given a quote about drugs or flaunted it in any way , " Goodman told the newspaper . "  She 's had some problems and is trying to get better . The U.N. should get its own house in order . " Costa also took model Kate Moss to task , contrasting her alleged actions to those of singers Bob Geldof and Bono who have campaigned against poverty in Africa . Bob Geldof is best known for organizing a series of benefit concerts , including Live Aid . Bono , the frontman for U2 , has taken on a campaign to get Western nations to write off the debt they are owed by some African countries . "  For every rebel with a cause , there are 10 others without a clue , " Costa wrote . "  While some well-meaning pop idols and film stars might rage against suffering in Africa , their work is being undermined by the drug habits of careless peer such as Kate Moss . " Three years ago , London 's Daily Mirror newspaper printed photos it said showed the Moss using cocaine . She later issued a statement where she apologized to "  all the people I have let down " and said she took "  full responsibility " for her actions . E-mail to a friend	U.N. anti-drugs chief denounces celebrities Amy Winehouse and Kate Moss Maria Costa says their alleged drug use is helping devastate West Africa The U.N. has spoken out on the issue twice in two weeks Winehouse 's spokesman says the U.N. should "  get its own house in order "
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In January 2010 a seven-point magnitude earthquake rocked Haiti , killing more than 250,000 people and damaging its infrastructure , including some water systems . Even before the quake , Haiti 's water systems were fragile , and just months after the quake the country was hit with a devastating cholera outbreak -- the first in nearly a century . By the time the outbreak subsided , more than 8,000 people had died and hundreds of thousands more had become sick . Independent studies suggest the outbreak was caused by U.N. peacekeepers who improperly disposed of fecal matter that ended up in Haiti 's Artibonite River , a main tributary , where people bathe . In its own report , the U.N. concluded that the outbreak was "  the result of bacteria introduced into Haiti as a result of human activity " -- but the organization says water and sanitation and healthcare system deficiencies allowed the bacteria to spread . "  A cholera patient excretes the cholera bacteria in huge numbers and , if that excreta gets into the water or the food supply and other people consume it , they too will become ill and they 'll amplify that by contaminating more water and more food , " explains Dr. Eric Mintz , an epidemiologist with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in Atlanta . "  That 's where you see these incredibly rapid epidemics of cholera , and that tells you that the water is unsafe . " Today , Haiti 's Mirebalais University Hospital is training new doctors for another cholera outbreak . "  That could happen again , particularly in parts of the country where people have not had a lot of cholera , " says Mintz . "  They may not have the experience to recognize it . They may not know what to do in terms of treatment . We certainly ca n't stop now and declare victory . " Watch the video above to find out more .	Haiti still recovering from cholera epidemic that left 8,000 dead Hospital is training doctors to prepare for new outbreak Poor water and sanitation infrastructure mean Haiti is still at risk
CNN  -- The world of football has rallied around Jonas Gutierrez as the Argentine fights testicular cancer . A midfielder with Newcastle and Argentina , Gutierrez made the announcement during a television interview earlier this week . The 31-year-old underwent an operation to remove his left testicle last October after the discovery of a tumor . But after an inflammation of the groin was spotted by doctors at the end of last season , he returned to Argentina to undergo chemotherapy . "  When I was told I had cancer , I went home in tears , " he said in an interview with Argentine television show Indirecto on TyC Sports . "  In May 2013 , I felt very tough pains on my testicle . After some wrong diagnosis , an ultrasound detected the tumor . "  I came here and I assumed the costs despite having a contract with Newcastle . "  Money is not important . What is important is my health . I had to start chemotherapy . " Gutierrez recalls the final day of the 2012-13 Premier League season where he first felt pain following a tackle with Bacary Sagna , then of Arsenal . "  I had a very hard collision with Sagna in the area of the pubic bone and the genitals , " he added . "  From then I had a lot of pain that would n't go away . I spoke with the doctor straight after and he said : ` If it does n't hurt then do n't worry . ' ' "  Then it was holiday time and I felt the pain more in the testicle . The season started and in September and October I noticed that the testicle started to become inflamed . I felt a pain when I put my underpants on , it was uncomfortable . "  I went back to the doctor and they told me to have an ultrasound scan and they detected a tumor and told me I needed an operation . I left the clinic crying and went home and told my dad who was there . "  I spoke to the club and said because of the delicate nature of the problem and because in Argentina I was going to understand everything being told to me better , I wanted to be treated there . " Gutierrez , who won 22 caps for Argentina , made his international debut in 2007 and played at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . He says that his teammates have been supportive , particularly Fabricio Coloccini , who Gutierrez played with at Newcastle as well as Argentina . "  This is the most difficult match I 've every played . You start thinking about important things when you have problems like this one . "  Some guys like  Gabriel  Heinze gave me strength , " said Gutierrez , referring to the former Argentina defender , who played for a number of Europe 's leading clubs , including Real Madrid and Manchester United . Heinze is not the only Argentine footballer to have contacted Gutierrez . "  After surgery , I told  Ezequiel  Lavezzi ,  Martin  Demichelis and Coloccini , who is very close to me . We 've played together at Newcastle for six years and he calls me . He is almost a member of my family . "  I decided to reveal all this because I think this is a difficult moment , but there is nothing wrong with this . These things may help other people . " Gutierrez , who was on loan at Norwich last season , scored 10 goals in 177 league appearances for the Magpies . He was nicknamed ` Spider-Man ' by Newcastle fans after pulling out a mask to celebrate his goals . Gutierrez , who has one-year remaining on his current deal at Newcastle , has one more session of chemotherapy remaining . While he has kept the matter private for some time , it was after receiving an email about an actress who is also battling cancer that he felt compelled to share his story . "  She was showing photographs of when she had hair and when she lost her hair and what she was going through , " he said of the email . "  i think there is nothing bad in telling your story ; it can even help people and encourage them to fight . "  It removes some of the pressure talking about it and I also think it can help a lot of people who are passing through a similar situation to be strong and to fight and to see that these are situations that you can overcome and emerge stronger from . " Gutierrez is not the first football player in the English game to be diagnosed with the illness . Neil Harris , who played for Millwall , Northampton 's Matt Duke and former Tottenham defender Jason Cundy all returned to action following successful recoveries . According to figures provided by the United Kingdom 's National Health Service  NHS  , testicular cancer usually affects men between the ages of 15 and 49 . It accounts for just 1 % of cancers suffered by men with more than 96 % making a full recovery if it is caught in the early stages .	Jonas Gutierrez has been diagnosed with testicular cancer Former Argentina midfielder had left testicle removed in operation The 31-year-old played at the 2010 World Cup Played in England with Newcastle and Norwich
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pharmacies in England are reporting a run on supplies like surgical masks , thermometers and anti-bacterial gels by customers concerned about swine flu amid a surge in the number of people infected by the virus . A box of leaflets containing information about swine flu , distributed by the UK 's Department of Health . In some cases , drug stores in England say they are out of the items and may not get more in for weeks or months . "  People are very panicked , " said a pharmacy assistant at Zafash Pharmacy in southwest London . "  That 's why everyone is running for thermometers , surgical masks , and anti-bacterial gels . " The UK 's Department of Health estimated this week that there were around 100,000 new cases of swine flu in England in the week ending July 17 -- nearly double the number of cases for the previous seven days . The UK has been hit hard by the H1N1 virus , with only the U.S. and Mexico recording more cases of infection , according to World Health Organization figures earlier this month . The World Health Organization has stopped giving a global tally of cases but said Friday that swine flu has now spread to more than 160 areas and territories in the world . At least 26 people have died of the disease and this week the British government set up a national flu hot line and Web site to allow those suspected of having swine flu to get a prescription for antiviral medication over the phone . Those who are given prescriptions must pick up the medication at designated collection points in their area . But at Hodgetts Chemist in north London , a supply of surgical masks that normally lasts for half a year has gone in three days , said pharmacy assistant Sylwia Sznyk . Sznyk displayed a receipt from the chemist 's suppliers that showed three types of digital thermometers that were out of stock . The pharmacy is now out of thermometers . "  One of the manufacturers , he said the next thermometers they will have is in October , so now there is no chance to get them from this particular supplier , " she told CNN . The supplier is also out of stock of three different types of anti-bacterial gel , she said , even though the gel is ineffective against viruses . Central Pharmacy in Ashington , in northern England , is also out of thermometers , pharmacist Nadeem Shah told CNN . He said he believes most shops and pharmacies in the area are also out . "  There 's no thermometers at all , which is worrying because it 's just a sign that it 's going to impact on other supplies as well linked to people generally not feeling well -- in particular paracetamol  acetaminophen  , ibuprofen , and other medications , " Shah said . The pharmacy was out of stock of anti-bacterial gels last month , but manufacturers are making more so it 's back on the shelf , he said . However , it 's being sold for nearly double the price , he said . "  They 're pennies otherwise to buy , but very quickly some manufacturers have got into the market of producing gels and their prices are quite high , " Shah said . At their sister pharmacy in nearby Morpeth , any anti-bacterial products at the checkout counter are "  gone in a day , rather than in a month , " he said . "  Some of the gels do n't do anything different to your soap at home , " he said , emphasizing that good hygiene , good handwashing , and disposable tissues are the best way to ward off viral infection . "  There 's definitely some kind of misunderstanding -- people are thinking that having those type of products will give them a bit more confidence . But it 's their choice , obviously . " Though Central Pharmacy does not normally sell surgical masks , they considered stocking some when the virus broke out a few months ago , Shah said . They decided against it so as not to stoke panic . "  It could be seen as a sign of endorsement rather than asking people to get advice , " he said . "  It would just give a very visible panic message . " Croydon Pharmacy , south of London , still has stocks of thermometers despite higher demand , but it has run out of surgical masks , said pharmacist Michael Hammond . He said the pharmacy has noticed a rise in people asking questions and wanting information about swine flu . "  I think the reaction has been in response to what they 've heard on the news , " Hammond said . "  And even where it is not a true case of the patient suffering , they still want more information . But I think generally we 've been able to give them what they need . " A branch of the Boots pharmacy chain in Fulham , southwest London , has been out of thermometers for two weeks , said employee Wilson Le . They 're also running out of anti-bacterial gels ; the store does n't stock surgical masks . While it is not running out yet , one pharmacy in the eastern English city of Norwich said it is noticing an increase in demand for masks , thermometers , and anti-bacterial items . "  It 's not completely a foregone situation where I ca n't get hold of it , but it 's becoming difficult , " said the pharmacist , who asked not to be identified because his pharmacy is one of the government 's distribution points for the antiviral medication Tamiflu , and he did n't want to spark concern . The pharmacist said he was doling out Tamiflu to 70 to 80 people a day and described the lack of supplies as worrying . "  From a business point of view , yes , and from a clinical point of view , yes , because I ca n't offer the services I need to , " he said . "  And if people want reassurance from  the supplies  , I 'm not able to reassure them . " The pharmacist complained that the paperwork he is required to fill out for each patient takes him five minutes per person , giving him less time to spend consulting with other customers . "  I wish somebody would have organized it a little bit better , " the pharmacist said . Shah , of Central Pharmacy , said the run on supplies makes him worry that they wo n't be available later in the year , when flu season kicks in . "  Manufacturers would have made their plans for winter a while ago , but if we 're consuming these products early , in August and July , I do n't know if those manufacturing plans are in place yet , " he said . The government advises anyone suspected of having swine flu to send a friend or relative -- a "  flu friend " -- to their pharmacy to pick up the medicine for them . But that advice is n't being followed by everyone . "  Some patients come in directly rather than ask their friend to come , " said Le , of Boots pharmacy in Fulham . He said one dispenser has come down with swine flu after being infected by a sick customer .	English pharmacies report shortages of surgical masks , hand gels , themometers Swine flu cases surge in England ; 100,000 new cases in latest weekly figures Government has set up helpline for those who fear they have become infected One pharmacist reports doling out Tamiflu to 70 to 80 people a day
There 's no way for us to know exactly what happened some 13.8 billion years ago , when our universe burst onto the scene . But scientists announced Monday a breakthrough in understanding how our world as we know it came to be . If the discovery holds up to scrutiny , it 's evidence of how the universe rapidly expanded less than a trillionth of a second after the Big Bang . "  It teaches us something crucial about how our universe began , " said Sean Carroll , a physicist at California Institute of Technology , who was not involved in the study . "  It 's an amazing achievement that we humans , doing science systematically for just a few hundred years , can extend our understanding that far . " What 's more , researchers discovered direct evidence for the first time of what Albert Einstein predicted in his general theory of relativity : Gravitational waves . These are essentially ripples in space-time , which have been thought of as the "  first tremors of the Big Bang , " according to the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics . A telescope at the South Pole called BICEP2 -- Background Imaging of Cosmic Extragalactic Polarization 2 -- was critical to the discovery . The telescope allowed scientists to analyze the polarization of light left over from the early universe , leading to Monday 's landmark announcement . How inflation works Scientists use the word "  inflation " to describe how the universe rapidly expanded after the Big Bang in a ripping-apart of space . The BICEP2 results are the "  smoking gun for inflation , " Marc Kamionkowski , professor of physics and astronomy , said at a news conference . Kamionkowski also was not involved in the project . "  Inflation is the theory about the ` bang ' of Big Bang , " said Chao-Lin Kuo , an assistant professor of physics at Stanford and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory , and a co-leader of the BICEP2 collaboration , in a Stanford video . "  It explains why we have all this stuff in the universe . " Imagine that you are making a raisin bun , said Stanford physicist Kent Irwin , who worked on sensors and readout systems used in the experiment . As the dough bakes and expands , the distance from any given raisin to another increases . "  Certainly everything in the universe that we see now , at one time before inflation , was smaller than an electron , " Irwin said . "  And then it expanded during inflation at faster than the speed of light . " You may have learned in physics class that light sets the universe 's speed limit , but space-time is an exception ; it can stretch faster than the speed of light , Irwin said . Stanford University professor Andrei Linde , who helped develop the current inflation theory , said the new results are something he had hoped to see for 30 years . "  If this is true , this is a moment of understanding of nature of such a magnitude that it just overwhelms and let 's just hope that it 's not a trick , " Linde said in a university video interview . Another cool tidbit : Inflation can be used in theories that suggest the existence of multiple universes , Irwin said , although these results do not directly address such theories . What are gravitational waves ? Scientists believe that in the fabric of space-time , there are tiny ripples called quantum fluctuations . If you could look at space-time on the smallest scale possible , you would , in theory , see them , even today . Unfortunately , no microscope is capable of seeing something that small . Such fluctuations also existed at the beginning of the universe . Inflation blew them up much larger , launching gravitational waves that we now see imprinted on the cosmic microwave background . "  These gravitational waves are an aftershock of the Big Bang , " he said . The BICEP2 study is the first to image them directly . "  We have for the first time a detection for the mythical gravity wave signal that people have been searching for so hard , for so long , " said Clem Pryke , associate professor at the University of Minnesota , at a press conference Monday . Other experiments such as LIGO -- Caltech 's Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory -- are also looking for proof of gravitational waves , but in the context of energetic cosmic phenomena such as coalescing black holes . The gravitational waves suggested by the BICEP2 results would have expanded across the entire universe at that time , Irwin said . The length of one of these waves -- the distance between peaks and troughs -- would have been billions of light years across . Light from the early universe , called cosmic microwave background radiation , reveals these telltale signs of our universe 's history . Last year , scientists from the European Space Agency 's Planck space telescope released a detailed map of temperature variations in this light , which came from from about 380,000 years after the Big Bang . Better ` baby picture ' of universe emerges Instead of temperature , BICEP2 scientists were looking specifically at the polarization of the cosmic microwave background -- that is , the direction the electric field is pointing across the sky . Researchers were looking for a specific type of polarization called "  B-modes , " which signify a curling pattern in the polarized orientations of light from the ancient universe , said Jamie Bock , co-leader of the BICEP2 collaboration and professor of physics at California Institute of Technology . In theory , this swirling polarization pattern could only be created from gravitational waves . And that is what BICEP2 found . "  It 's a very clean signature of those gravity waves , " Irwin said . Is it for real ? Because of how potentially important these results are , they must be viewed with skepticism , said David Spergel , professor of astrophysics at Princeton University . The measurement is a very difficult one to make and could easily be contaminated . There are , as it stands , some "  oddities " in the results that could be concerning , he said . "  I am looking forward to seeing these results confirmed or refuted by other experiments in the next year or two , " Spergel said . The Planck space telescope collaboration is expected to release results on polarization of the cosmic microwave background as well , Irwin said . Other experiments are working toward similar goals , which could support or go against BICEP2 . Regardless , Monday 's announcement is making big waves in the scientific community . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Gravitational waves were predicted by Albert Einstein New results from BICEP2 are ` smoking gun for inflation ' During inflation , the universe expanded faster than the speed of light
CNN  -- His hashtag said it all : not a good idea . Steve-O , best known for his grimace-inducing stunts on the "  Jackass " TV show and films , was in San Antonio this weekend and flipped out . Literally . A photo shared on Facebook some 7,000 times  a related video got over 10,000 shares  shows the wild man in mid-leap . "  I did a good deed today by proving it 's not safe to jump off the bridge at the San Antonio River Walk , " he wrote . "  It 's shallow  $ " I hit the bottom when I landed this gainer flip . #notagoodidea " Not safe because the water is only about 4 feet deep . It 's also illegal . City statutes forbid anyone jumping into or swimming in the San Antonio River . Doing so can mean a $ 500 fine . San Antonio Police Sgt. Javier Salazar said authorities are looking into the incident "  to determine the appropriate course of action . " It 's not clear if the entertainer will have to open up his wallet . Maybe he should consider himself lucky by walking away from the river stunt . "  It 's all fun and games until you shatter the bottom of your legs , " wrote one fan on his Facebook page . Another chiming in : "  Would n't you check how deep the water is first ? " Apparently not . Steve-O told the Houston Chronicle he "  had no idea the water was only four feet deep when I jumped off this bridge . " Later , he issued a statement blaming city officials for being "  quite irresponsible in neglecting to post ` no diving ' signs on the various bridges along the river . " "  They 've given no indication that people should n't jump , and done nothing to warn anyone about the serious dangers of that shallow water , " Steve-O said . "  Very irresponsible , indeed . " The actor/daredevil added that authorities should be thanking , not investigating , him for his jump . "  I think they should be thanking me for informing people , rather than wasting their citizens ' time and money trying to vilify me , " he said . Although he has thrilled and disgusted audiences with low-brow antics , in recent years Steve-O has showed a more thoughtful side . Last year , he talked to HLN 's Jane Velez Mitchell about his involvement in a documentary about farm animals and his recent decision to go vegan and get sober . But it 's not all high brow . Just three days before his San Antonio plunge , Steve-O posted an Instagram video of a throwback stunt with striking similarities . "  Back in 1996 , I did a flip off a building into 4 feet of water while it was snowing , and landed on my face , " he wrote " #yeahdude . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Steve-O calls city officials "  irresponsible " for not posting "  no diving " signs along river City statutes forbid anyone jumping into or swimming in the San Antonio River There is only four feet of water in the river , which Steve-O says he did n't know about Steve-O , the star of the TV show "  Jackass , " is known for his crazy stunts
CNN  -- When Bono took the stage at the TED2013 Conference in Long Beach , California , the U2 front man told the audience he had embraced his "  inner nerd . " "  Exit the rock star , " Bono said , "  Enter the evidence-based activist - the factivist . " The speech was a call to action . Extreme global poverty has already been cut in half over the past 20 years , from 43 % in 1990 to 21 % in 2010 . Bono said that if the current trajectory can be continued , extreme poverty could be virtually eliminated by 2030 . TED.com : Bono : 8 talks that give me hope There has been astonishing progress in other areas of human development . More than 8 million people are on life-saving antiretroviral drugs , compared with only 200,000 a decade ago . In eight sub-Saharan African countries , malaria deaths have been cut by 75 % ; the rate of child mortality for those under 5 is down by 2.65 million deaths a year since 2000 . That 's all great news , but there are two things that should give us pause . First , not enough people have any idea of the successes in the fight against global diseases and poverty . "  It drives me nuts , " said Bono , "  that most people do n't seem to know this news . " TED.com : What does extreme poverty look like today ? Second , the gains the world has made are in jeopardy . They could be reversed with cuts to the budgets for vital institutions like the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria ; they could be stopped in their tracks if the world allows corruption , inequality , apathy and inertia to dictate the pace -- or lack of it -- of progress . TED.com : Do we need more worldwide development goals ? But if the world keeps the promises that it has made to itself to really fight extreme poverty and preventable disease , then nothing is impossible . Bono argued that if we used transparency -- which tackles corruption like nothing else -- and technology , we can get closer to the "  Zero Zone , " where extreme poverty is virtually eliminated by 2028 . Then this generation would be what Nelson Mandela once challenged it to be : the "  Great Generation " that did away with -- in Mandela 's words , the "  most awful offense against humanity " that extreme poverty represents . TED.com : The quest to end poverty Factivism , Bono said at TED2013 , is a virtuous , data-based virus , and challenged his audience to "  spread it , share it , pass it on ... by doing so , you will join us and countless others in what I truly believe is the greatest journey ever taken -- the ever-demanding journey of equality . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Elliott .	Bono called for more action to end poverty at the TED2013 Conference Michael Elliott : The gains the world has made in fighting poverty are in jeopardy Bono advocates for a "  Zero Zone " where extreme poverty is eliminated by 2028 Elliott : Join Bono in spreading "  factivism " to make the world a more equal place
A group of former service members who left the military because of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy will get the full separation pay they were denied , according to a recent $ 2.4 million court settlement . The settlement was announced this week by the American Civil Liberties Union , which sued the U.S. government on behalf of about 181 troops who were honorably discharged for violating the pre-2011 military ban on service members being openly gay . "  There was absolutely no need to subject these service members to a double dose of discrimination by removing them from the armed forces in the first place , and then denying them this small benefit to ease the transition to civilian life , " said Laura Schauer Ives , an ACLU lawyer . The total payment in the settlement is about $ 2.4 million or about $ 14,000 per former service member , according to the ACLU . The lead plaintiff in the case , according to court documents , was Richard Collins , a former staff sergeant in the Air Force who served for nine years until he was discharged . Military club closes ranks to gay wife Collins was stationed at a New Mexico base before he was seen by a co-worker kissing his boyfriend in their car while stopped at an intersection off-base , the ACLU said . Collins applauded the decision . "  This means so much to those of us who dedicated ourselves to the military , only to be forced out against our will for being who we are , " said Collins . "  We gave all we had to our country , and just wanted the same dignity and respect for our service as any other veterans . " The settlement covers service members who fit the criteria and were discharged after November 10 , 2004 , the ACLU said . The policy , known as "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " had been in place since 1993 , and had permitted gays and lesbians to serve in the military , provided they did n't reveal their sexual orientation . The policy , first enacted during the Clinton administration , was officially repealed on September 20 , 2011 .	The settlement was announced this week by the ACLU The settlement will cover about 181 former service members , the ACLU says The service members will get about $ 14,000
CNN  -- Quick : Which U.S. president has authorized wars of various kinds in seven Muslim countries ? If you guessed Barack Hussein Obama , you are correct . Many did not think it would turn out this way . Early on in his presidency , on June 4 , 2009 , Obama delivered a widely anticipated speech in the Egyptian capital , Cairo , which was billed as the start of a "  reset " with the Islamic world . President George W. Bush was , of course , widely reviled among Muslims for his invasion of Iraq and the prisons at Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib . Many Muslims hoped that the first African-American president , who had opposed the Iraq War as a candidate , would be quite different than his predecessor . In Cairo , Obama declared , "  I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world ; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect ; and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition . " Crucially , Obama also said in the Cairo speech : "  We will , however , relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security . Because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject : the killing of innocent men , women and children . And it is my first duty as President to protect the American people . " Those who listened to the President 's speech mostly heard that he was extending an olive branch to the Muslim world and largely ignored the fact that during the same speech he had also made a rather robust defense of the American war on al Qaeda and its allies . A similar dissonance happened a few months later when the President went to Norway to accept the Nobel Peace Prize . The jurors who awarded the prize  and many who voted for him in 2008  seemed to have conflated Obama 's opposition to the Iraq war with his presumed opposition to war in general . The President was surely the first recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize to use the opportunity provided by his acceptance speech in Oslo to explain his philosophy of just and necessary wars . At Oslo , Obama said , "  I face the world as it is , and can not stand idle in the face of threats to the American people . For make no mistake : Evil does exist in the world . A nonviolent movement could not have halted Hitler 's armies . Negotiations can not convince al Qaeda 's leaders to lay down their arms . To say that force is sometimes necessary is not a call to cynicism ; it is recognition of history , the imperfections of man , and the limits of reason . " As it turned out , Obama was one of the most militarily aggressive American presidents in decades , authorizing military operations of various kinds in seven Muslim countries : Afghanistan , Iraq , Libya , Pakistan , Somalia , Yemen and , now , Syria . The bombing of Syria is the first time the United States has mounted a full-scale war since World War II without any one of the following -- A U.N. resolution authorizing force . -- As part of a NATO operation . -- An Arab League resolution in favor of military action . -- A specific U.S. congressional authorization for war in another country . -- The invitation of the host country to conduct military operations as we have recently seen in Iraq , where the Iraqi government has been begging for U.S. military intervention . Do the thought experiment where George W. Bush had gone to war in another Middle Eastern country without the cover of a U.N. resolution , or of a NATO operation , or of Arab League approval , or of a specific congressional authorization . The howls of protest from American liberals and the Muslim world would surely have been deafening . Instead there have been no protests . That 's partly because of the adept manner with which the Obama administration assembled a Sunni coalition of the willing -- Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Jordan , the UAE and Bahrain  $ " to help with the airstrikes . How Obama came to launch strikes in Syria But it partly must be something to do with the fact that so many of his critics , and even his supporters , regard Obama as some kind of peacenik . In fact his record shows him to be anything but : Consider that he mandated a threefold increase in the number of American troops in Afghanistan , from 30,000 soldiers at the end of the Bush administration to 90,000 , a surge of troops that played a critical role in blunting the Taliban 's momentum , which had gathered strength in the final years of Bush 's second term . Consider that under Bush there were 48 CIA drone strikes in Pakistan . Under Obama there have been 328 , which have killed some two-dozen al Qaeda commanders , according to a count by New America . Consider that under Bush there was only one CIA drone strike in Yemen . Under Obama there have been 99 drone strikes and 15 airstrikes , which have killed more than three-dozen of the group 's senior operatives there . Obama is also the first American president to authorize the assassination of a United States citizen , the New Mexico-born al Qaeda operational commander Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed in Yemen in a drone strike in 2011 . The same year Obama initiated the alliance that overthrew the Libyan dictator , Moammar Gadhafi . Obama has also waged an effective covert war in Somalia against the al Qaeda affiliate based there , Al-Shabaab , whose leader , Ahmed Godane , was killed in a U.S. airstrike earlier this month . And Obama , of course , also authorized the risky U.S. Navy SEAL mission that killed al Qaeda 's founder , Osama bin Laden , in 2011 in Abbottabad , a city deep inside Pakistan . This is not the record of someone who is afraid to use American power , as his critics would have it , but rather a president who is comfortable exercising American hard power even in a country like Syria , where he has launched a war without the kinds of specific international or congressional authorizations other presidents have sought since World War II .	Peter Bergen : President Obama has authorized wars in seven Muslim countries Although he opposed Iraq war , Obama has n't been at all shy about using force , Bergen says Obama 's outreach to Muslim world , Nobel Prize may have given wrong idea , he says Bergen : Latest war in Syria launched without support from U.N. or Arab League
CNN  -- There 's still time to charge that laptop and brew some coffee before the Perseid meteor shower peaks predawn Friday . OK , it 's easy to understand why the coffee will come in handy during the long watch overnight . But the laptop ? Meteor gazers can join a NASA live chat with astronomer Bill Cooke . The Marshall Space Flight Center astronomer will answer questions beginning around 11 p.m. Eastern Time Thursday . NASA also is broadcasting live the hums of the meteors as they whiz by . With a waxing crescent moon expected to set beforehand , and hence less moonlight in the way , forecasters are expecting one of the best celestial shows of the year , weather in your neighborhood permitting . With good viewing conditions , stargazers might be able to catch at least 40 meteors per hour , Space.com said . "  The August Perseids are among the strongest of the readily observed annual meteor showers , and at maximum activity nominally yields 90 to 100 meteors per hour , " Space.com columnist Joe Rao said in his column . "  Anyone in a city or near bright suburban lights will see far fewer . " NASA advises viewers that "  the Perseids shower will begin around 10 p.m. YOUR local time . However , the best times to view are after midnight and before dawn , with the best activity around 3 a.m. to 4 a.m. local time . Best conditions are a clear , dark sky away from city lights . Go outside and look straight up at the sky . " The Perseids can be seen all over the sky , but the best viewing opportunities will be across the Northern Hemisphere . Those with sharp eyes will see that the meteors radiate from the direction of the constellation Perseus . The Perseids have been observed for at least 2,000 years and are associated with the comet Swift-Tuttle , which orbits the sun once every 133 years , NASA says . Each year in August , the Earth passes through a cloud of the comet 's debris . These bits of ice and dust burn up in the Earth 's atmosphere to create one of the best meteor showers of the year .	Perseid meteor shower peaks early Friday morning NASA will host live web chat during the show Best viewing is in Northern Hemisphere The Perseids have been observed for at least 2,000 years
CNN  -- A mass grave unearthed Tuesday in downtown Montgomery , Alabama , is believed to contain bodies from an epidemic of yellow fever that swept the city in the 1870s , police said . Two buildings from the 1940s were torn down at the site , and maintenance workers grading the land in preparation for the construction of a new building uncovered the remains , said Montgomery police spokesman Maj. Huey Thornton . The site is adjacent to a cemetery , he said , and "  based on the information we have from historical documents kept by the actual cemetery ... it does appear that it may be remains from a yellow fever epidemic in the 1870s . " Officials from the Alabama Archaeological Society and the Alabama Historical Association were at the site and are expected to be able to confirm that , he said . It was not immediately known how many bodies might be buried at the site , Thornton said , but authorities are reassuring the public there is no cause for concern . The remains are clearly too old to suggest any recent activity , he said . According to an article posted online by the Mississippi Project of the American Local History Network , an extensive outbreak of yellow fever occurred in 1878 , spreading across eight states but particularly affecting Alabama , Louisiana and Mississippi . Some 16,000 people died from the disease that year alone , according to the article .	The mass grave was unearthed Tuesday in downtown Montgomery , Alabama Workers preparing land for construction of a new building uncovered the remains Historical records indicate bodies could be from yellow fever outbreak It was not immediately known how many bodies might be buried at the site
EW.com  -- Well , it 's official : The Rock is making the move into television . On Wednesday , TNT gave the greenlight to a new reality series starring none other than Dwayne Johnson . Tentatively titled "  The Hero , " the show will set about finding a "  true hero " by pushing ten contestants to the brink  and beyond !  of their personal limits . The contenders will live together in a house and compete in various missions designed to "  test their brains , their brawn and even their morality . "  I 'm thinking ... "  Big Brother " plus "  The Expendables " minus 30 years . The network has ordered eight episodes , with Johnson set as host , mentor and motivator . The Fast Five star will also produce the series with his partner Dany Garcia and Ben Silverman 's multimedia entertainment studio Electus . "  Dany and I could n't be more excited to enter into our first official foray in TV production , " said Johnson . " ` The Hero ' speaks to everything I believe in when it comes to challenging ourselves , to becoming better people every day and to making the right choices while growing from the wrong ones . " Tom Cruise rep : Vanity Fair story ` false ' "  Bridging the digital and physical world on the small screen in a way that 's never been done before will enable fans to use social media and on-screen decision making to determine the fate of the show 's contestants , and our goal is to make each TV moment impactful and exciting , " Johnson continued . Electus founder Silverman added : "  The Rock is the embodiment of ` The Hero ' and an inspirational superstar with an unwavering moral compass . ` The Hero ' will deliver on his brand as an incredible action-filled series that test the limits of real people in extraordinary circumstances while also activating The Rock and Turner 's audience with seamless digital and social media tie-ins . " David Letterman 's Paul Ryan Top 10 list Johnson can next be seen in "  G.I. Joe : Retaliation , " Michael Bay 's "  Pain & Gain " and the sixth installment of "  The Fast and the Furious . " "  The Hero " is scheduled to premiere in 2013 . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Hero " is scheduled to premiere in 2013 Dwayne Johnson will star in the tentatively titled "  The Hero " Johnson can next be seen in "  G.I. Joe : Retaliation "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has dismissed a suggestion that a withdrawal by UK troops from their base in the southern Iraqi city of Basra was a defeat , insisting it was an "  organized " move . A British army corporal lowers the Union Flag during a ceremony in Basra on Monday . Brown , speaking as 500 British troops completed their withdrawal from Basra Palace , said Monday troops would still be able to intervene in the city in "  certain circumstances . " Asked if the move was a "  pull-out in defeat ... a retreat , " Brown told the BBC : "  Let me make this very clear . This is a pre-planned , and this is an organized move from Basra Palace to Basra Air Station . " The move consolidates most of Britain 's 5,500-strong force at Basra airport , which has been hit daily by mortar attacks . The move does not represent a major shift nor does it represent a pullout , the British Ministry of Defence said . A British military spokesman in Basra said there were no major incidents during the withdrawal , although a British vehicle was damaged and two soldiers suffered non-serious wounds in an attack . People in Basra cheered the British departure . The pullout happened at a "  snail 's pace " as the convoy checked for roadside explosives , Tom Newton Dunn , Defence Editor for The Sun and the only British journalist with UK forces in the area , told Sky News . Iraqi Army Lt. General Mohan , commander of operations in Basra , said he had told Shiite militants who have been fighting the British troops that Iraqis were now in charge of the Basra palace . He said the militants "  have behaved except for some simple violations . " Basra will be the last of four provinces in southern Iraq that Britain has handed over to Iraqi control . The other three were Muthanna , Maysan and Dhi Qar . British forces will remain in Basra to train and supervise Iraqi forces . The withdrawal from the southern Iraqi city is part of a plan announced in February by then-Prime Minister Tony Blair , British Embassy spokeswoman Rosie Tapper told CNN . During their time in Basra , British forces have helped the Iraqis take more responsibility for governing Basra , she said . Previously , the British had handed over two other bases to the Iraqis . The palace was the third . CNN correspondent Michael Ware said he believed the move would have little effect on Basra 's security . "  The Brits have had no control for years , " he said from Baghdad . "  From the moment the British forces were deployed in the south , they did n't have enough troops . "  If you really want to change the underlying dynamic of the south , you must be ready to challenge Iran . They were not able , and did not have a public mandate , to do so . "  The British presence has been merely token . As British military intelligence officers told me two years ago , all they are doing there is trying to stay alive . " The withdrawal from Basra comes at the same time retired Major General Tim Cross , the most senior British officer involved in postwar planning , criticized former U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in a British newspaper for dismissing warnings that Iraq could fall into chaos . "  Right from the very beginning we were all very concerned about the lack of detail that had gone into the postwar plan , and there is no doubt that Rumsfeld was at the heart of that process , " Cross said in the Sunday Mirror . Cross ' comment came on the heels of similar published remarks by retired British General Mike Jackson , the head of the British Army during the invasion , who said U.S. policy was "  intellectually bankrupt . " The statements draw attention to perceived tensions between the U.S. and the British command over strategy in Iraq . Watch what the pullback says about Britain 's future in Iraq " But a U.S. official in Iraq seemed to take them in his stride . "  There can be disagreements amongst professionals about certain ways of how you handle strategy and tactics , " said Rear Admiral Mark Fox . The British Ministry of Defence released a statement saying the generals are both "  private individuals expressing private views and we respect that . They are entitled to their opinions . " In his interview on Monday , Brown said he was not told of any criticisms of U.S. postwar policy by General Jackson . Brown said : "  General Jackson is a very brave soldier , I have got great admiration for him . He did not say this to me at the time . This was not part of any discussion that I had . "  What I have said , and I think what Tony Blair also said at the time before he left office , was that this could have been done a lot better and should have been done a lot better . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Raja Razek , Daniela Berretta and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	UK PM Gordon Brown defends withdrawal of UK troops from Iraqis base Move from Basra Palace consolidates British troops at Basra 's airport Brown : Troops can still intervene in the city in "  certain circumstances "
CNN  -- Many celebrities have taken part in the CNN Heroes campaign and attended the annual "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " shows . Here , we reach out to some of them and learn about the ways they 've chosen to get involved and give back . Common Hip-hop artist Common wants to create a supportive community for youths on Chicago 's South Side . The Grammy Award winner started the Common Ground Foundation to help underserved youth develop leadership and life skills . Common 's story | Q&A Wynonna Judd Country music star Wynonna Judd is a supporter of the Wounded Warrior Project , an organization that helps injured service members and their families . Judd 's story | Q&A Rainn Wilson Actor Rainn Wilson is dedicated to improving the lives of young people around the world . The star of "  The Office " works with the Mona Foundation , which supports educational initiatives for children in developing countries . He is also involved with Planting Peace and its program to deworm children in Haiti . Wilson 's story | Q&A Gary Sinise Actor-director Gary Sinise has touched the lives of thousands of U.S. service members . Sinise often travels overseas to honor and entertain the troops with his Lt. Dan Band , and his Gary Sinise Foundation helps support them when they return home . Sinise 's story | Q&A Kristin Davis Actress Kristin Davis is an ambassador for Oxfam , an international alliance of 15 organizations striving to find lasting solutions to poverty and injustice . As part of her efforts , Davis advocates for vulnerable women around the world . Davis ' story | Q&A George Lopez George Lopez is helping to create positive change for underprivileged children , adults and military families . In 2009 , he started The Lopez Foundation , which provides and supports education and health programs for those in need . The group also increases awareness about kidney disease and organ donation . Lopez 's story | Q&A J.R. Martinez Actor and Iraq war veteran J.R. Martinez is the spokesman for Operation Finally Home , an organization that provides free , custom-built homes for injured veterans . Martinez 's story | Q&A Lucy Liu Actress Lucy Liu is an ambassador for UNICEF , an organization that gives children the essentials for a safe and healthy childhood . Approximately 21,000 children die every day from preventable causes , according to UNICEF , and its mission is to reduce that number to zero . Liu 's story | Q&A Nate Berkus Designer and TV host Nate Berkus is a member of the American Red Cross Celebrity Cabinet , which helps to highlight the organization 's initiatives and response efforts . Founded in 1881 , the American Red Cross is part of a worldwide movement that offers humanitarian care to victims of war and natural disasters . Berkus ' story | Q&A Kristin Chenoweth Actress Kristin Chenoweth started Maddie 's Corner , an organization that supports animals in need . Chenoweth 's story | Q&A	How have celebrities been inspired by CNN Heroes ? We asked stars to share with us the causes they 're most passionate about Many of this year 's celebrities have been involved with CNN Heroes for several years
CNN  -- The top prosecutors in Mexico and Guatemala set their sights on the Zetas drug cartel Wednesday , pledging to pool information and resources as their countries battle the notoriously violent criminal group . Attorneys general from the neighboring nations agreed "  to create concrete mechanisms for quickly exchanging timely information for the fight against the Zetas organization and others , " Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office said in a statement . The top prosecutors met a day after Guatemalan authorities announced a monthlong extension of the "  state of siege " in the northern border province of Peten -- a move aimed at continuing a crackdown on organized crime in the area . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom declared the emergency measure in May after investigators found the bodies of 27 dismembered and decapitated workers on a farm in Peten . According to a report from Guatemala 's interior ministry , the suspected attackers were searching for the farm 's owner . "  I will find you and I will leave you like this , " a message written in blood on a white wall said . It was signed "  Z 200 , " the name of a Zetas cell in Guatemala , the report says . The state of siege curtails citizen liberties and allows the military to order anyone suspected of conspiring against the government to be arrested and imprisoned without a warrant . Authorities extended the measure because they need more time to improve security and strengthen institutions in the province , Guatemalan Interior Minister Carlos Menocal said in a statement Tuesday . Security forces have arrested dozens of people in connection with the slayings , Guatemalan Attorney General Claudia Paz y Paz said in a visit to Peten last week . The Zetas originated in Mexico as the armed branch of the Gulf Cartel , and have split off into a separate drug-trafficking organization with an international reach . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration describes the Zetas as "  a group of Mexican military deserters ... who have kidnapped , tortured and murdered -- including beheadings of law enforcement officials , innocent citizens , informants and rival drug gangs . " In an interview with CNN en Espaol last year , Menocal noted that clashes between authorities and the Zetas had significantly increased . He said his country needed more help from the United States to combat cartels that are increasingly carving out new drug transport paths . Guatemala is scheduled to host a conference on Central American security next week . So far this year , Guatemalan authorities have seized 344 million quetzales  about $ 44 million  worth of cocaine , 566 vehicles , eight airplanes and about 200 weapons from suspected members of criminal organizations , Colom said Tuesday , according to the state-run Guatemalan News Agency . "  All of the region is making important security efforts , but there are other countries that are not doing their part , " he said at forum of regional leaders in Guatemala City Tuesday . "  We can not keep paying with deaths . "	Attorneys general from Mexico and Guatemala agree to share more information Guatemala extends a "  state of siege " in the border province of Peten Officials blame members of the Zetas cartel for the May slayings of 27 workers there State media : "  We can not keep paying with deaths , " President Alvaro Colom says
CNN  Budi , an adorable baby orangutan , is on the road to recovery after an animal shelter in Indonesia rescued him . The 15-month-old was on the brink of death after he was kept in a chicken cage and fed nothing but condensed milk for the first year of his life . He had been kept as a pet in Ketapang , Indonesia , his caretakers said . Now Budi is well enough to eat on his own , walk and climb . "  After weeks of physiotherapy , medical treatment and a nutritious diet , Budi 's muscles are developing well , " said United Kingdom-based International Animal Rescue . But Budi 's development remains slow due to the extreme malnutrition , his caretakers said . Budi was in quarantine for awhile , they said , but has been introduced to another infant orangutan , Jemmi , rescued by another shelter . Neither orangutan had met another animal of its kind since being taken from their mothers just after birth , and they eyed each other with curiosity . When Budi arrived at International Animal Rescue 's Orangutan Rescue Center in Ketapang , his condition was extremely critical . His body was swollen with fluid due to a severe lack of protein . His limbs were misshapen because he was never fed properly . Budi 's "  eyes fill with tears ever time he 's moved by the doctors and he screams in pain , " said Dr. Karmele Llano Sanchez , International Animal Rescue 's program director in Indonesia . "  It 's really amazing that Budi has been able to survive this long . " It 's unclear how Budi became someone 's pet , said Dr. Ayu Handayani . The owner said that she was afraid to give the animal any fruit and believed that giving Budi only condensed milk was enough , Handayani said . Eventually , the caretakers said , when Budi is strong enough , he will be released into the wild .	15-month-old Budi was kept as a pet in Indonesia and was fed only condensed milk When Budi arrived at shelter , his eyes welled with tears and he screamed in pain Budi is now well enough to climb , walk and eat
CNN  Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation 's history , we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to truly understand -- its profound environmental and economic repercussions . The immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented , with declines in tourism and the seafood industry , as well as the significant destruction of wildlife in the region . Since then , the amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery . In fact , reports indicate that the Gulf of Mexico 's seafood industry , which supplies the United States with roughly 40 % of its seafood , is finally starting to rebound . However , profound challenges remain , in part because so many questions about the long-term consequences remain unanswered . To this day , it 's still unclear where all of the oil went , exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation or a signal that the crisis is truly abating . One of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the Gulf crab . Crabs play an important role in the region : Roughly 60 million pounds were fished in the Gulf in 2012 , earning tens of millions in revenue . Yet in the aftermath of the spill , changes to crustacean communities in the area were quite apparent to the naked eye . Researchers documented substantial differences in appearance , and deformities in crabs that were affected by the spill including lesions so numerous they ate through the joints , forcing limbs to fall off . These traits have affected not only the crabs ' market value but also likely their ability to survive . While these changes in outward appearance have dissipated in the short-term , the health of these crabs could still be precarious . I have been working with colleagues at Florida International University and University of Louisiana at Lafayette to better understand what might be happening biologically inside the crab when it is exposed to oil and the dispersant used to respond to the spill . Using the power of genomics and computational biology , we analyzed the genes of flat back mud crabs that were exposed to oil from the Macondo Prospect where the Deepwater Horizon rig was drilling when it exploded or to a combination of oil and dispersant in the lab . By studying gene expression , the process that turns information from a gene into a product that functions within a cell , we searched for indicators that might signal exposure to oil and , based on the types of changes we might see , clues as to how the crabs respond . Although we are still in the early stages of our research , we are seeing significant differences in gene expression connected to exposure -- meaning the crabs are turning some genes on or off in response to oil and dispersant . We are still working to determine whether these changes impact their ability to survive and reproduce . It 's not just Gulf crabs that are experiencing changes . Research on different species and other aspects of the regional environment is starting to show that there could be long-term effects resulting from the oil spill and the response to the spill . This not only has consequences for the Gulf area , where oil drilling continues , but also for communities along the Atlantic Coast , where the Obama administration has recently announced a plan to open unprecedented oil and natural gas exploration .  BP 's vice president of communications , Geoff Morrell , told CNN that wildlife species in the Gulf have "  bounced back and "  there is no data that suggests there are any long-term population-level impacts to any species . " With the virtual certainty of more spills , we need a lot more information on the consequences of these disasters and how we can combat them effectively and efficiently . The U.S. Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency are making some progress . In coming months , they are releasing changes to regulations and response plans based on the early lessons learned from the Deepwater Horizon spill . But government agencies can not just rely on the short-term data to determine the best response for the next oil spill crisis . Instead , the government and oil companies should work together to support ongoing , long-term ecological research so that we have a better grasp of what "  normal " looks like and what factors are important in maintaining those conditions even after a disastrous oil spill . Only then will we truly understand the impact of offshore drilling and the best ways to respond to crises to protect our most important natural resources .	Keith Crandall : Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded , we are only beginning to understand its effects on the Gulf A crab species may be a key indicator of the impact , he says
Attorney Gloria Allred challenged comedian Bill Cosby , hounded by allegations of sexual assault , to meet his accusers in court or set aside $ 100 million to settle their claims . "  The public deserves to know if Mr. Cosby is a saint or a sexual predator , " Allred said . Because many of the claims of sexual assault are decades old , Cosby would have to agree to waive the statute of limitations , allowing his accusers to sue him . "  It could be advantageous for Mr. Cosby to give up the statute of limitations because there is a huge cloud on his reputation and legacy , " Allred said on Wednesday . But she also offered a second option . Cosby could put $ 100 million into a fund and anyone who claims she was a victim could file and have a panel of retired judges decide the merits of the case and award compensation . "  We challenge Mr. Cosby to end this nightmare for both him and the alleged victims by accepting either of the options , " Allred said . There was no immediate response from Cosby 's lawyer Martin D. Singer . Allred made the offer at a news conference flanked by three women who say they were sexually assaulted by the entertainer . Two of them represent new accusers . Two of the women allege they were drugged by Cosby and sexually assaulted in the 1980s . A third woman said Cosby followed her and her friends around at a celebrity tennis tournament in 1973 . She said he later grabbed her right breast at a restaurant . Bill Cosby has defenders A lawsuit The latest allegations came a day after another women , Judy Huth , filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court , claiming sexual battery and infliction of emotional distress during an incident at the Playboy Mansion , according to the documents first obtained by Radar Online . The alleged sexual assault took place in 1974 when Huth was 15 years old . According to court documents , Huth and a 16-year-old friend met Cosby when he was filming a movie at Lacy Park in Los Angeles . After talking with the girls , the suit alleges , Cosby invited them to his tennis club the following Saturday , "  where he served them alcoholic beverages and played games of billiards . " They then went to the Playboy Mansion where , the lawsuit says , Cosby asked Huth to sit on a bed beside him , after she came out of a bathroom . "  He then proceeded to sexually molest her by attempting to put his hand down her pants , and then taking her hand in his hand and performing a sex act on himself without her consent . " In a pleading filed Thursday , Cosby attorney Martin D. Singer said Huth 's claims are "  absolutely false " and accused her of engaging in extortion after Cosby rejected her "  outrageous demand for money in order not to make her allegations public . " "  Through her lawyer , Plaintiff made extortionate threats to Mr. Cosby  through his counsel  about criminal penalties , coupled with ever-increasing demands for a six-figure payday to keep quiet about her long-since expired claims , " Singer said . Singer added that Huth claimed she did n't remember the abuse until recently -- which he said in some cases could provide for an exception to the statute of limitations -- but tried to sell the story to a media outlet 10 years ago . He asked the court to impose monetary sanctions of $ 33,295 in court and legal fees . CNN has tried to contact Huth and her attorneys but has not heard back from them either . Cosby facing litany of allegations ` Horrible , horrendous allegations ' The suit goes on to call Cosby 's alleged actions "  malicious , oppressive and fraudulent in nature . " "  This traumatic incident , at such a tender age , has caused psychological damage and mental anguish for  Huth  that has caused her significant problems throughout her life since the incident . " The case describes the damage as "  substantial and continuing . " Huth is asking for damages and legal fees . Because four decades have passed since the alleged crime , it was n't immediately clear if the case falls within the statute of limitations in California for child sex abuse . It 's because of that lag in time that CNN legal analyst Joey Jackson says he thinks Cosby 's legal team will ask for the lawsuit to be dismissed . "  It 's highly problematic , and it 's likely the lawsuit will not stand , " he said . With the allegations mounting , CNN political contributor Van Jones said that now is the time for Cosby to speak up . "  At some point , his silence becomes almost kind of an admission , " he said . "  These are horrible , horrendous allegations . " Cosby has not commented on the allegations , leaving that to his lawyer . In a recent statement , Singer said it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " By CNN 's count , at least 20 women have gone public with accusations . "  He owes this country . He owes his fans . He owes the women some kind of statement , " said Jones , who is also an attorney . "  I think this level of silence for this long is unfair to everybody . " Another allegation Huth 's lawsuit was filed on the same day that The Daily Beast published a story in which a man named Tony Hogue alleges he rescued a female friend from Cosby 's New York brownstone in 1984 . The article describes Hogue beating on the comedian 's front door after receiving a frantic phone call from the woman , who said , "  Tony , you 've got to come get me . " After Cosby answered the door , the story says , Hogue found his friend on the second floor of the home . "  She looked drugged and in a fog , and she could n't snap out of it , " he said . "  She was a mess . " The Daily Beast reports this same woman was a witness in a sex assault lawsuit against Cosby , filed in 2005 . That case was settled before going to trial .	Attorney Gloria Allred asks Bill Cosby to waive statute of limitations By CNN 's count , at least 20 women have gone public with accusations An alleged sexual assault took place at the Playboy Mansion in 1975 Cosby 's camp has consistently , vehemently denied the claims against him
Beijing  CNN  -- An American businessman who said he was held hostage by dozens of his Chinese employees was released Thursday after six days . Chip Starnes , co-founder and president of Specialty Medical Supplies China , had been trapped in the company 's suburban Beijing factory since Friday . Starnes reached an agreement with the workers after a pay dispute . Officials said 97 employees signed a new compensation agreement . On Tuesday , Starnes told CNN 's David McKenzie from behind the factory 's gates that he was being held hostage . "  I tried to leave a day and a half ago , and there was like 60 or 70 of them here inside every entrance , and every exit was barricaded , " Starnes said . "  I ca n't go anywhere . " He said workers had hindered his sleep by banging on doors and windows , but said they had not inflicted any physical harm . The dispute The incident started when the company laid off about 30 workers in its injection molding division . He said he transferred workers to another division , but some workers did not want to move . So the company gave them severance packages . Starnes said the problem arose when workers who already moved to another division also wanted severance packages . But workers who spoke to CNN from behind the factory gates gave an entirely different account . Some said they 're owed two months ' worth of back pay and feared everyone at the plant would be laid off , as they claimed no new materials had entered the factory . Starnes disputed that , saying there are no outstanding balances and that the workers had heard bad information . CNN 's CY Xu reported from Beijing ; Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . Journalist Connie Young contributed to this report .	Chip Starnes was held in a Beijing-area factory for six days over a pay dispute The ordeal was resolved , and 97 employees signed a new compensation agreement Some workers said they were owed two months ' worth of back pay The U.S. executive said there were no outstanding balances
CNN  -- A 21-year-old woman shot in New Orleans ' French Quarter on Sunday has died , New Orleans Police Department Officer Garry Flot said Wednesday . The woman was among 10 people shot on Bourbon Street about 2:45 a.m. Sunday . Police say they 're searching for two people . Three people remain hospitalized , all in stable condition , New Orleans Police public information officer Frank Robertson III said Wednesday . New Orleans Police Superintendent Ronal Serpas has said the shooting may have happened because of a heated exchange between two young men . The 700 block of Bourbon Street , where the shooting occurred , is a popular gathering place for tourists and revelers , where many of them pack bars and clubs between St. Peter and St. Ann streets . Crowds often spill into the streets . New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu has called for additional resources from the federal government and the state of Louisiana to combat violence in the city . He asked President Obama to send a "  targeted surge team " of federal law enforcement officers to help stem crime . He asked Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal to assign 100 state police officers to the city and rededicate a penny from the hotel/motel tax from the convention center to the city for public safety . "  These kinds of incidents will not go unanswered , " Landrieu said . "  These perpetrators will be brought to justice . "	10 people were shot Sunday in the French Quarter A woman who was wounded has died , police say Police are looking for two people The shooting happened in a popular tourist spot
CNN  -- Wow ! If you think NFL football is boring , you must not have been watching this weekend . The league 's top teams have provided a feast of breathtaking games the past two days . First , on Saturday , the Baltimore Ravens kept retiring linebacker Ray Lewis ' career alive by stunning Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos 38-35 in double overtime . After 60 minutes of jaw-dropping kick returns and crazy-close calls , Justin Tucker sealed it with a 47-yard field goal in sudden death . Later that day , young 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick set a rushing record and racked up 400 total yards to humble the vaunted Green Bay Packers defense in a convincing 45-31 win in San Francisco . Then on Sunday , the Seattle Seahawks roared back from a 20-0 halftime deficit against the Falcons and went ahead 28-27 with just 31 seconds left on the clock in Atlanta . The Falcons appeared finished , but Matt Ryan and Tony Gonzalez drove far enough after the ensuing kickoff to give Matt Bryant a shot at a 49-yard field goal with 13 seconds left . Bryant 's boot was wide right , but Seattle had called a timeout just before the snap , giving the Falcons a do-over . Bryant did n't miss twice , drilling the long field goal with eight seconds remaining . A Hail Mary pass by sensational Seahawks rookie quarterback Russell Wilson was caught in the end zone -- by sticky-handed Falcons receiver Julio Jones , who was put in on defense for just such an emergency . Finally on Sunday night , Tom Brady and the New England Patriots manhandled the Houston Texans 41-28 in Foxboro , Massachusetts , to capture the final spot in the division championship round next weekend . What do you make of this weekend of heart-stopping football ? And what do you expect to see in next week 's matchups ? Use the comment section below to weigh in .	NEW : The Patriots mess with Texas , toppling Houston Atlanta Falcons trade leads with Seattle Seahawks in final minute Baltimore Ravens defeat Denver Broncos in double overtime San Francisco 49ers and Colin Kaepernick lay a whuppin ' on Green Bay Packers
New York  CNN  -- A man is in critical condition at a hospital after jumping out of a monorail car into the Bronx Zoo 's tiger pit , the zoo 's director said . The man -- believed to be about 25 -- was riding on the zoo 's Wild Asia monorail around 3 p.m. Friday when he jumped out of his car , "  clearing the exhibit 's perimeter fence , " according to statement from Bronx Zoo Director Jim Breheny . The facility emergency response staff arrived and used a carbon dioxide fire extinguisher to move a tiger away from the man , Breheny said . But they did not get there before the man had suffered multiple puncture wounds after being bitten by a tiger , CNN affiliates WABC and WCBS reported , citing police . Heeding instructions , the man then rolled "  under a hot wire to safety , " the zoo director said . The zoo uses hot wires as training tools to keep animals away from such areas as plant beds . If the animal comes into contact with the wire , it feels a small electric shock . Because the man followed instructions to roll under the wire , "  that probably saved his life , " Breheny told reporters . He was "  conscious and talking " as he was taken , by ambulance , to nearby Jacobi Medical Center . The man was in critical condition at the hospital , according to a New York fire department spokesman , who was not named per department policy . "  I think it 's safe to say that if the tiger really wanted to do harm to this individual he certainly had the time to do it , " Breheny said . Breheny said the tiger will not be put down as it "  did nothing wrong . " "  This is just an extraordinary occurrence that happened because ... somebody was deliberately trying to endanger themselves , " he said . According to the Bronx Zoo 's website , the exhibit called Tiger Mountain houses Amur tigers , also known as Siberian tigers , as well as Malayan tigers . Three cubs of each subspecies are part of the exhibit . Situated north of Manhattan , the Bronx Zoo is the flagship park run by the Wildlife Conservation Society , a group whose mission is to "  save wildlife and wild places across the globe . " CNN 's Rob Frehse and Brittany Brady contributed to this report .	A man jumped from a monorail car into the Tiger Mountain exhibit , the zoo 's director says Zoo staff used a fire extinguisher to move a tiger away from the man , he adds He is in critical condition at a Bronx hospital , a fire spokesman says
CNN  -- U.S. agencies have warned some employees that reading the classified State Department documents released by WikiLeaks puts them at risk of losing their jobs . But what about students considering jobs with the federal government ? Do they jeopardize their chances by reading WikiLeaks ? It 's a gray area , said law professors and national security experts who spoke with CNN . The topic has been debated intensely in the past week in legal and academic circles , ever since several U.S. universities sent e-mails to students with warnings about reading leaked documents . They say students ought to be mindful of their future careers when commenting on or distributing the documents online -- especially those planning to seek jobs in national security or the intelligence community , which require a security clearance . "  The security clearance asks whether or not you 're a risk when it comes to sensitive material . This could be one indicator that , when taken together with others , creates a broader pattern that might suggest you 're not a person to be hired , " said Pepperdine University law professor Gregory McNeal , who specializes in national security law . "  They may very well take into account your opinion , as a job candidate , whether or not you think WikiLeaks is a good thing or bad thing for the country , " he said . "  It 's a small issue , but one to approach with caution if I were a student seeking a job in the national security field . " E-mails went out last week to students at several schools , including Boston University 's School of Law , Georgetown University 's School of Foreign Service and Columbia University 's School of International and Public Affairs , cautioning students against commenting on or posting links to the documents on social media sites such as Facebook or Twitter . Each message came from the schools ' offices of career services , claiming to be sent at the recommendation of an alumnus . In the eyes of the federal government , the documents remain classified , "  thus , reading them , passing them on , commenting on them may be seen as a violation of Executive Order 13526 , Classified National Security Information , " said Maura Kelly , Boston University law assistant dean for career development and public services , in an e-mail to students . "  Two big factors in hiring for many federal government positions are determining if the applicants have good judgment and if they know how to deal with confidential/classified information , " Kelly said in the memo , which was posted on the law blog "  Above The Law " last week . A Boston University spokeswoman confirmed that the e-mail had been sent , adding that students are "  free to make their own choices . " "  Our Dean of Career Development and Public Service thought it prudent to alert our students to the possible ramifications of dealing with classified information , especially in light of the fact that law graduates often apply for jobs that require security clearances , " Mary K. Gallagher said in an e-mail . So , can just reading about the leaked documents in the media jeopardize your chances of getting a job with the federal government ? Probably not , said McNeal . But commenting on them online or distributing them might create a pattern of behavior that raises red flags during screening for the highest levels of security clearance , which often require polygraph tests . "  I do n't think looking at them alone could hurt anyone . The problem is when you 're looking and then supporting and endorsing , then you start running into trouble . That 's where you run the risk of jeopardizing the security clearance on character grounds , " he said . It also serves as a reminder to be mindful of your "  online and personal profile , " your virtual footprint of statements , comments and shared materials stored in the web 's collective consciousness , the professor said . "  When you 're up against so many others for the same competitive job , you do n't want to stand out for this . Prudence would dictate , do n't add another possible reason for them to ding you . " Nor should the school 's warnings necessarily be construed as policy endorsement , said Harvard Law School professor Jonathan Zittrain , co-founder of the school 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society . "  I imagine the distribution of these warnings is less to endorse the policy and more just to say , ` Hey this is what we 're hearing . ' This is not like advising students to not smoke pot . It 's not weighing in on a matter of policy . It 's just telling them that it might affect them down the road , " he said . But to the government agency hiring you , there could be a big difference between just reading about the documents in the news and actively disseminating them or seeking them out in their full form on WikiLeaks ' site . "  It 's a new situation , and the documents are so ubiquitous right now that it seems weird to worry who on the margin has ever posted a link to them . But at the same time , the initial release was against the law , so I ca n't begrudge the government , when figuring out who to employ or trust with secrets , to ask if you helped to further spread documents that belonged to the government . " After the issue went viral last week on "  Above The Law " and "  the Arabist , " which posted an e-mail to students at Columbia University 's School of International and Public Affairs , the blogosphere lit up with comments from readers calling the practice unconstitutional and a violation of free speech rights . Many suggested the warning was over the top and added another layer of anxiety for job-seekers in a weak job market . An unscientific survey on "  Above The Law " asked readers what they thought : 55 % said the warnings were needlessly scaring law students , 38 % said a little over the top but a prudent thing to consider in a difficult job market and 9 % said spot on , even reading the stuff could get you in trouble . But would it be illegal for the State Department to deny anyone a job based on statements about WikiLeaks ? The answer is unclear , but in the private sector , inquiries from prospective employers about your ability to handle confidential material would be considered "  legitimate business concerns , " labor lawyer Camille Olson said . "  The framework of the issue goes back to whether the employer has a legitimate concern about your fitness for the position , " said Olson , a Chicago-based attorney who has represented large employers , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and The Society for Human Resource Management . "  I can understand how an employer in the federal government would believe that someone who once engaged in that kind of conduct , with the understanding that the information was confidential , how that reflects upon their potential for handling confidential info in the future . " The e-mail from Columbia University 's School of International and Public Affairs told students that posting links or making comments about the documents online would "  call into question your ability to deal with confidential information , which is part of most positions with the federal government . " On Monday , the school issued a follow-up , saying that said it supported students ' right to "  discuss and debate any information in the public arena that they deem relevant to their studies or to their roles as global citizens " without fear of consequences . "  OCS e-mailed this cautionary suggestion to students , as it has done many times with other information that could be helpful in seeking employment after graduation . We know that many students share a great deal about their lives online and that employers may use that information when evaluating their candidacy , " Dean John H. Coatsworth said in a statement . "  Should the U.S. Department of State issue any guidelines relating to the WikiLeaks documents for prospective employees , SIPA will make them available immediately . " The U.S. government 's position on WikiLeaks has been clear since November 28 , when the site began posting anonymously leaked U.S. State Department documents . The Obama administration has condemned the disclosures , arguing that they harm U.S. diplomacy by exposing confidential communications . The site has been kicked off servers in the United States and France and lost a major revenue source on Friday when the U.S.-based PayPal cut off its account . The White House Office of Management and Budget also sent a memo forbidding unauthorized federal government employees and contractors from accessing the classified documents on the WikiLeaks site or other websites on government or personal computers . The memo , sent to federal workers and contractors without official federal government authorization to read the documents , said that just because the documents have been published on the internet does not change their "  classified status " or "  automatically result in declassification . " "  Classified information , whether or not already posted on public websites or disclosed to the media , remains classified , and must be treated as such by federal employees and contractors , until it is declassified by an appropriate U.S. Government authority , " the memo said . What 's less clear is the government 's official position on whether potential recruits should avoid WikiLeaks . A spokeswoman for the Office of Management and Budget would not comment on the issue . But a look at the Standard Form 86 -- the questionnaire all applicants for national security positions must fill out -- sheds light on the risks the government wants to avoid . Questions related to past associations , such as have you ever "  knowingly engaged in activities designed to overthrow the U.S. Government by force " or "  engaged in acts of terrorism " are intended to evaluate whether you could pose a security risk , said McNeal , the Pepperdine law professor . The big concern for universities , which are supposed to be incubators for lively debate and the exchange of ideas , is the chilling effect the warnings may have , said Zittrain , the Harvard professor . "  I would hate to see the policy extended so broadly that you have students scared to read newspapers , " Zittrain said . "  What I hope no one would want to do is ask if you read an article about the documents and hold that against you . They 're out there so it might be quite natural to read something about them . "	U.S. colleges warn students to not comment on , post links to WikiLeaks on social media sites Doing so calls into question "  ability to deal with confidential information , " memo says Experts : Statements may affect chances of getting security clearance for government jobs Some say schools are overreacting ; others say warning is prudent advice
CNN  -- Ireland gave Brian O'Driscoll a dramatic farewell to international rugby by clinching the Six Nations title with a tense 22-20 victory over France in Paris on Saturday . The 35-year-old center was named man of the match in his record-extending 141st appearance at the highest level , as Ireland won the European tournament for the first time since 2009 . A French victory would have given the title to England , who thrashed Italy 52-11 in Rome earlier Saturday to end Les Bleus ' own hopes . France , beaten World Cup finalist in 2011 , could have denied the Irish after scoring a controversial 63rd-minute try to Dimitri Szarzewski -- but Jean Marc Doussain missed a routine penalty kick soon after . The video official missed a knock-on by Szarzewski when the hooker touched down , but the home fans were left frustrated when a late match-winning score in the corner was ruled out following several TV replays for a forward pass by Pascal Pape . "  It feels great to be a two-time Six Nations winner , " O'Driscoll said after his team held off the furious French onslaught . "  So many seconds along the years and so many disappointments -- it 's great to finish my career on a high . When I do hang this jersey up on the hook inside it will be with fond memories . "  It was last-leg stuff and I know now why I 'm packing it in because 80 minutes is a long bloody time at international level , particularly with guys like Mathieu Bastereaud running at you -- it 's no fun . " It was Ireland 's first win in Paris since 2000 , which was also by a two-point margin . Fly-half Johnny Sexton was one of the heroes on this occasion , scoring two of Ireland 's three tries , but he was stretchered off with 10 minutes to go after being knocked out in a tackle . The victory margin gave Ireland the title by 10 points on differential from England , who won the two teams ' encounter 13-10 at Twickenham last month . "  Credit to Ireland -- they are deserved winners and it 's a fitting finale and sendoff for Brian O'Driscoll , a legend of the game whom everyone in this squad respects massively , " said England head coach Stuart Lancaster . "  We always knew this was going to be one of the tightest Six Nations and go down to the wire . " Wales finished third on differential above France , thrashing Scotland 51-3 in Cardiff .	Brian O'Driscoll bows out of international rugby as Ireland wins Six Nations title Saturday 's 22-20 victory in France ends England 's hopes of snatching the crown The English finish second on differential after beating Italy 52-11 in Rome Wales in third place above France after thrashing Scotland 51-3 in Cardiff
CNN  -- Defense or attack ? Is there a preferred way to clinch the English Premier League title ? Arsenal and Manchester City , the two title rivals in action Saturday , displayed opposing tactics as both recorded victories . Anxious Arsenal fans had to wait for the London club to beat rivals Fulham and hang onto their English Premier League lead by a single point from City . Spanish midfielder Santi Cazorla struck twice in quick succession in the second half to seal a 2-0 win for Arsene Wenger 's side . But the Arsenal manager was quick to praise the defensive bedrock of the team , which had done well to deny Dimitar Berbatov and Ashken Dejagah in the first half and Pajtim Kasami late on . "  That stability is vital to us , " Wenger told Sky Sports after the match . "  We were seriously defensive for 90 minutes today . Our defenders deserve credit . " It was a different story further north in Manchester where free-scoring City raced to a 4-2 victory over Cardiff . Edin Dzeko scored City 's 100th goal of the season -- a neat feat so early in the campaign -- as he opened the scoring with 14 minutes on the clock . The bobbling goal was verified by goal-line technology , making its debut in the EPL this season , as an electronic signal sent to referee Neil Swarbrick 's watch confirmed the ball had crossed the line . Although Cardiff pulled back a surprise equaliser thanks to Craig Noone , City were undeterred and Jesus Navas soon nosed them back in front . In the second half , Yaya Toure and the returning Sergio Aguero linked up to help each other score and put the game beyond Cardiff . City 's attacking game had done enough to keep the 2011/2012 EPL champions snapping at Arsenal 's ankles but manager Manuel Pellegrini felt his side deserved more . "  The score does not reflect the match , " he told Sky Sports . "  It was one of the matches where we missed more chances to score . "  It 's very important to score 100 -LSB- goals -RSB- because this moment in the season the team has a clear style of play and we continue exactly what we 're doing so far . " Chelsea , third in the table , invite defending champions Manchester United to Stamford Bridge on Sunday when Swansea also host Tottenham . This season the Premier League is fiercely competitive not only at the top of the table but throughout the swathe of 20 teams . The bottom 10 teams are separated by just five points . A late 1-0 victory for Crystal Palace against Stoke helped the south London club move up to 16th while struggling Sunderland also scored late on to salvage a 2-2 draw against Southampton . Real Madrid were on the move in the Spanish La Liga as they drilled five goals past bottom club Real Betis to join Atletico Madrid and Barcelona at the top of the table on 50 points . Cristiano Ronaldo proved why he was picked to receive the prestigious Ballon d'Or this week as he set Real on their way with a stylish long range strike . Gareth Bale sailed in a free-kick for 2-0 before Karim Benzema hit home his 100th goal for Madrid . Angel di Maria and Alvaro Morata rounded off the scoring in the second half . "  Ronaldo , Bale and Benzema were very effective , " coach Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . "  The whole team gave them a lot of chances to score because we played quickly up front . "  This match was important because we were trying to get into first place . It may only be for one night , but we 'll sleep well tonight . " Barcelona and Atletico have a chance to pull clear Sunday when they return to domestic action . In Italy , Juventus pulled eight points clear of rivals Roma at the top of the table as they ticked off their 12th straight Serie A win Saturday . Arturo Vidal scored twice -- once from the penalty spot after he had been brought down in the box -- while Fernando Llorente and Paul Pogba also found the net to seal a 4-2 win over a dogged Sampdoria side . Earlier , Roma had beaten Livorno 3-0 to send them back to the bottom of Serie A.	Second half goals help Arsenal to 2-0 win over Fulham Victory sees London club hang on to English Premier League lead by one point Manchester City beat Cardiff 4-2 to stay close to Arsenal in second place Real Madrid join Barcelona and Atletico Madrid at the top of La Liga after 5-0 win
CNN  I ca n't remember exactly how old I was when my mom went away for a night and left my older sister and me home alone . What I remember clearly though is the "  talking to " I received when my mom returned and learned from our next-door neighbor that my sister and I had a party , which involved alcohol . "  I 'm so disappointed in you , " my mother would say over and over again , which were crushing words for a perfectionist straight-A student , who vowed never to let that happen again . And it did n't . But the story illustrates two challenges for parents : 1  What age is OK to leave your teens home alone overnight ? and 2  What if something goes wrong when you do ? Parents ca n't really rely on the law for answers , especially since only a few states set a minimum age that a child can be left home alone . Louise Sattler , a mom of two grown children in Los Angeles , said she never left her kids alone overnight until they were college age because of something that happened to a former colleague . That colleague left her high school son home alone and had the neighbors check up on him . "  Well , lo and behold , kids in the neighborhood found out there was a ` parent-free zone ' and it all ended up in disaster , " said Sattler , a psychologist , educational consultant and owner of a business providing sign language instruction . The night resulted in drunken teens , unruly arguments , even a pregnancy , according to Sattler . Some parents also considered suing the teen and his family , she added . So , to Sattler , the answer was saying no , until college , to any requests from her children to stay home alone overnight and even then , she said she begged them not to advertise their home as "  parent-free . " "  You may trust your kid , but in this digital age this is a recipe for chaos and trouble , " she said . ` Trust and verify ' Tricia Ferrara , a Philadelphia-area licensed family therapist and parenting strategist who has been in private practice for more than a decade , agrees . She said that even if you have done everything right to prepare your child , "  a predatory peer " could well pounce on the opportunity to take advantage of you being away . Her advice is to "  trust and verify , " she said . "  Kids with a solid track record of good , independent decisions should be given latitude and a long leash but not complete freedom , " added Ferrara , author of the recently released "  Parenting 2.0 : Think in the Future , Act in the Now . " Some measure of adult oversight , such as neighbors or a family friend repeatedly checking in , is recommended , she said . Ferrara also stressed that every child is different in terms of when he or she can be alone , for how long and under what circumstances . Janis Brett Elspas said the maturity level of each of her kids is one of the main factors in deciding whether they can be left home alone . She said her oldest was 17 when he was left home alone while the rest of the family went on vacation in a foreign country . "  We really did n't worry that something would go wrong ... because he has proven how responsible he is , " said Brett Elspas , founder of Mommy Blog Expert . "  Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same about our triplets , now 17 , who we have deemed not to be mature enough to be left alone overnight , much less for a week while we travel abroad because they tend to be unintentionally careless . " Knowing your child can definitely help guide the decision on when it 's OK to leave them alone for the weekend , said Julie Cole , a mother of six and a co-founder of Mabel 's Labels , which provides labels for children 's products and clothing . "  If your kid is a strong , independent older teen who does not get swayed by peers , chances are they are going to respect the family home , and it wo n't get destroyed in a house party , " said Cole , who also blogs regularly about parenting . "  If your teenager has friends who are a bit on the cheeky side , and your child seems to be a bit of a follower , I would be reluctant to leave them alone . " ` He blew it in spades ' Being home alone can be teenagers ' first chance to experience what it feels like to be grown up , but if they make a misstep , it can hurt them for years to come . That is what Terry Greenwald , a divorced father of three in Alaska , said happened to his then-17-year-old son . Greenwald worked at a lodge and had an apartment below the lodge , and decided , after much discussion , that he could leave his son alone . "  I found out when I got home that before my plane even left the ground on my departure , he was sneaking his girlfriend through the trees and into the apartment , " Greenwald said . "  To this day , it 's something that comes up now and then as it was his first big chance to be grown up , and he blew it in spades . " Ferrara , the family therapist , said allowing children to stay home alone overnight is a process , not a decision . "  Good habits build a capable child , " she said , so preparing them at younger ages by leaving them alone during short , planned outings or errands can help and watching how they respond to minor emergencies can give you a sense of their ability to handle a challenging situation of their own . Kelli Arena , a mom of three in Houston , has yet to leave her daughter , who just turned 17 , alone for a night . Because she has younger kids also  a 13 - and 14-year-old  , she always felt that it would be too much to expect her daughter to take care of herself and her siblings if she and her husband went away . "  But with the college acceptances pouring on , reality has struck , " said Arena , executive director of the Global Center for Journalism and Democracy at Sam Houston State University . "  We need to leave her on her own in a place she is comfortable to help ease the transition . " Arena said she 's now looking at a time early in the new year she can leave her daughter alone for a weekend . "  We figure it 's a good way for her to be on her own in a familiar environment . Of course , I 'll make sure there is food ! " When do you think it 's OK to leave teens home alone overnight or for a weekend ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	In "  Brutally Honest " series , Kelly Wallace takes on provocative parenting questions Only a few states have laws setting a minimum age on when a child can be left home alone "  Trust and verify " when leaving kids home alone overnight , says a family therapist and author
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy did n't back off the controversial edict he issued or Egypt 's upcoming constitutional referendum , saying Thursday night that he respects peaceful opposition to his decisions but wo n't stand for violence . Addressing "  those who oppose me " and his supporters , Morsy condemned those involved in recent clashes -- referring specifically to those armed with weapons and who are backed and funded by members of the "  corrupt ... ex-regime " -- and promised they 'd be held accountable . "  They  will not escape punishment , " the president said in a televised speech . Morsy 's words not only failed to mollify many protesters on the streets , it further enraged them . Activists camped in Cairo 's Tahrir Square chanted "  Leave ! Leave ! Leave ! " as the president talked . And minutes after the speech ended , the Muslim Brotherhood headquarters in Cairo was "  ablaze , " state TV reported , citing witnesses . The Islamist group said on its website and Twitter that the building came under "  a terrorist attack , " with hundreds were surrounding it . Yet by 1 a.m. Friday , there was no sign of a fire or significant damage to the building . Supporters from both sides were at the site , as were security forces between them and the headquarters . Jihad Haddad , a senior adviser in the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood that Morsy once led , wrote on Twitter that 36 Brotherhood and party offices were "  destroyed " by opponents in the last two weeks . Banned under longtime President Hosni Mubarak , the Brotherhood is now Egypt 's dominant political force . On Twitter , the Islamist group has said it would hold opposition figures "  fully responsible for escalation of violence & inciting their supporters . " Adel Saeed , a spokesman for Egypt 's newly appointed general prosecutor , said Friday morning that Hamdeen Sabahi , Mohamed ElBaradei and Amr Moussa are being investigated for allegedly "  conspiring to topple " the government . All three are well-known internationally -- with ElBaradei being a Nobel Peace Prize laureate and Moussa a one-time head of the Arab League -- and are now being probed for their role in the opposition against Morsy , who defeated all three in this year 's presidential election . Those taking part in the protests around the North African nation say the scenes are similar to those of the 2011 uprising that led to Mubarak 's ouster . This time , they say , dissent is being vigorously stamped out by Morsy 's backers in government and on the street . Specifically , they spoke of thugs with knives and rocks chasing activists , presidential backers belittling opponents and pressure from various quarters to go home and be quiet . "  It 's exactly the same battle , " said Hasan Amin , a CNN iReporter . A November 22 edict by Morsy , in which he made his decisions immune to judicial oversight until a new constitution is voted upon , set off the latest wave of political unrest . And it 's been growing -- and growing more violent -- in recent days . Ahead of the president 's speech , opposition leaders were specific in what would mollify them : Morsy must roll back his edict granting himself expanded presidential powers and postpone the scheduled December 15 referendum on a proposed constitution , which they say does n't adequately represent or protect all Egyptians . Neither happened . iReport : Bloody clashes around Egyptian Presidential palace That fact , itself , is n't surprising . Morsy previously defended the edict as necessary to defend the revolution and his administration has insisted the proposed constitution was drafted legally and the referendum will go on as planned . If people vote it down , the president said Thursday night that he 'd form a new assembly to draft another constitution . Yet opposition activists have n't shown any indication that they trust Morsy on that or other counts . They accuse him of consolidating power for himself and the Muslim Brotherhood , in part by having an Islamist-dominated group push through the draft constitution . "  This is not what we asked for , " one protester said . "  It 's a complete dictatorship . " The National Salvation Front , an umbrella group of opposition groups , including ElBaradei 's Constitution Party , promised their fight is not over , calling for more mass protests Friday and claiming authorities "  lost legitimacy , " said the group , according to the semi-official al-Ahram newspaper . These demonstrations would follow heated protests Thursday , including about 65 kilometers  40 miles  north of Cairo where a crowd tried to storm Morsy 's home , according to the Interior Ministry . Police fired tear gas to disperse the group , and at least 20 protesters and six police officers were injured . Police arrested eight suspects carrying swords and clubs , the ministry said . Morsy was not at the home at the time . Read more : Q&A : What 's driving Egypt 's unrest ? In the Maadi neighborhood of Cairo , someone also damaged the offices of the Freedom and Justice Part , the ministry said . The scene was calm , but tense , outside the presidential palace in the capital , where the military parked tanks and armored personnel carriers , put up barbed-wire barricades and deployed soldiers . In what looked like a war zone , piles of rubble and burned cars littered the streets and doors of nearby storefronts were smashed in . Morsy also suffered a hit closer to home Thursday when Rafik Habib , the deputy head of the Freedom and Justice Party , resigned , party spokesman Ahmed Sobe said . Habib did not give a reason . His resignation brings to five the number of presidential advisers who have left in the last two days . It is the first , however , from the Freedom and Justice Party . Read more : Egyptian media strikes against President Morsy Egyptian judges and media organizations also have staged strikes to show their displeasure with the situation . And 11 organizations representing lawyers , journalists , writers , actors , musicians and tour guides said Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood were behind the violence , al-Ahram reported . The group said it would call for Morsy 's ouster if the administration failed to protect protesters and "  fulfill the aspirations of the January 25 revolution , " the newspaper said . Vice President Mahmoud Mekki asked critics Wednesday to submit their proposals for improving the constitution , and Morsy invited political opponents to a meeting Saturday at the president palace . But Morsy has n't said he 's ready to alter the constitution or the planned referendum date . And some Muslim Brotherhood officials have been more steadfast , as well as derogatory toward the opposition . Muslim Brotherhood Secretary-General Mahmoud Hussein said Thusday protesters were n't interested in democracy . He accused them of using "  crude and contemptible ways of expression , rather than  putting  their points across in a civilized manner . " While insisting he respects Egyptians ' right to peaceful protest , Morsy spent a significant portion of his Thursday night speech blasting those he claims are behind the recent violence . He accused unspecified foreign and domestic sources of funding and fomenting the unrest , making specific reference to "  corrupt " opposing forces tied to Mubarak 's government . "  The deposed Mubarak regime will not be brought back to life under any circumstances , " Morsy said , tweeted the Muslim Brotherhood . Are you there ? Share your story but stay safe . Read a version of this story in Arabic . Reza Sayah and Ian Lee reported from Cairo ; Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Michael Pearson , Karen Smith and Amir Ahmed and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy also contributed to this report .	NEW : Sabahi , ElBaradei and Moussa are being investigated , a prosecutor 's spokesman says NEW : An umbrella opposition group calls for a mass protest , says authorities "  lost legitimacy " President Morsy calls for dialogue , but does n't revoke his edict or the constitutional vote date Distrustful opposition activists accuse Morsy 's supporters of violence
In the wake of Chris Dorner 's death , much of the talk has already turned to his political views . In the wake of a tragedy , it is understandable to ask why this happened . It is appropriate to discuss ways to keep it from happening again . But we should draw the line at suddenly giving an exalted place in our national discourse to the political rantings of a murderer . Before he met his end , Dorner took the lives of several human beings and wounded a few more . One of those killed was a father of two . The law enforcement officers killed were simply doing their jobs , trying to keep us safe . San Bernandino County sheriff : ` This investigation is over ' Today , with the families of the dead still grieving , it is very hard for me to shift away to focus on Dorner 's political views . The families of the victims are still in shock and mourning . Think of their friends and relatives , who are still shocked and devastated . How much would it hurt them if they turned on the TV and heard , instead of tributes to those lost , pundits going on about a crazy man 's Facebook manifesto ? We should not be "  using this occasion " to debate various theories of racial justice -- not while the blood of the innocent is still fresh on the ground . Dorner 's actions have invalidated his notions of justice ; killing innocent people is not the proper method to advance the cause of justice , period . Furthermore , why should any of us participate in giving Dorner exactly what he wanted ? We should not validate his quest for attention by discussing his political thinking , especially not while mourning families are planning funerals . Ex-LAPD cop gains sympathizers on social media Dorner might have raised intriguing questions on the way to his insane conclusion . But real insights are available elsewhere , from sources that are infinitely more credible . There are many better spokespeople for the cause of racial justice than Dorner . In Los Angeles , there are hundreds of people who have been working to reform the Police Department through legal means , without harming anyone . The people who deserve to be talked about today are the victims of this violence and the people who are trying to make positive change in peaceful , lawful ways . I do n't want to reference Dorner in any way except for what he was -- someone who was very disturbed , who needed mental health support and who cruelly took the lives of those devoted to service .	Van Jones : In the wake of Chris Dorner 's death , pundits are talking about his political views Jones : We should not give a place in our discourse to the political rantings of a murderer He says Dorner killed several people ; we should respect families of the victims Jones : There are many better spokespeople for the cause of racial justice than Dorner
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional investigators issued a subpoena Wednesday for communications from several top Justice Department officials -- including Attorney General Eric Holder -- relating to the discredited "  Fast and Furious " federal gunrunning operation . The subpoena , issued by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , also covers communications from Holder 's chief of staff , Gary Grindler , and from Lanny Breuer , head of the department 's criminal division . Among other things , the subpoena includes a request for information regarding relevant Justice Department communications with the White House , as well as details about the death of a U.S. Border Patrol agent last December , the source added . "  Top Justice Department officials , including Attorney General Holder , know more about Operation Fast and Furious than they have publicly acknowledged , " said Rep. Darrell Issa , the Republican chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee . "  The documents this subpoena demands will provide answers to questions that Justice officials have tried to avoid since this investigation began eight months ago . It 's time we know the whole truth . " Holder has promised to comply with any Capitol Hill subpoena , though a Justice Department spokeswoman appeared to dismiss the development as a political exercise . "  We 've made clear from the beginning that the department intends to work with the committee to answer legitimate questions , " Tracy Schmaler said . "  However , this subpoena shows that Chairman Issa is more interested in generating headlines than in real oversight important to the American people . " Operation Fast and Furious involved agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives allowing illegal sales of guns , believed to be destined for Mexican drug cartels , to "  walk " from Phoenix gun stores into Mexico . The idea was to track the sellers and purchasers of guns to Mexican cartels . But the program became mired in controversy after weapons found at Mexican and American murder scenes were traced back to the program . Mexican officials and critics in the United States called the operation a failure , saying it exacerbated the longstanding problem of U.S. weapons getting into the hands of the violent Mexican cartels . A GOP-led congressional investigation into the matter has become politically contentious , with administration and Capitol Hill leaders accusing each other of acting irresponsibly . In a letter to Holder released Monday , Issa , a California congressman , accused the attorney general of actively obstructing Congress ' oversight function and damaging his own credibility as a top national law enforcement officer . "  Numerous statements " made by Holder about Operation Fast and Furious have "  been proven to be untrue , " Issa said . "  The time for deflecting blame and obstructing our investigation is over , " Issa wrote in the letter , which was dated Sunday . "  The time has come for you to come clean to the American public about what you knew about Fast and Furious , when you knew it , and who is going to be held accountable for failing to shut down a program that has already had deadly consequences , and will likely cause more casualties for years to come . " Issa blasted Holder for "  negligence and incompetence " on the issue , and for offering a "  roving set of ever-changing explanations " designed primarily to "  circle the wagons around  the Justice Department  and its political appointees . " The operation was the Justice Department 's "  most significant gun trafficking case , " Issa said . "  On your watch , it went spectacularly wrong . Whether you realize yet or not , you own Fast and Furious . It is your responsibility . " Holder testified before the Judiciary Committee in May that he had known about the Fast and Furious program for just a few weeks . Republicans insist that recently released Justice Department documents show the attorney general actually knew about the program much earlier . Holder and his aides continue to vehemently deny that charge . The attorney general responded angrily Friday to GOP critics of his handling of the operation , charging them with using "  irresponsible and inflammatory rhetoric . " "  I simply can not sit idly by as a  Republican  member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform suggests , as happened this week , that law enforcement and government employees who devote their lives to protecting our citizens be considered ` accessories to murder , ' " Holder said in a letter to members of Congress . Such rhetoric , Holder declared , "  must be repudiated in the strongest possible terms . " On Sunday , Issa said the Judiciary Committee has invited Holder to "  come and clear the record . " "  Clearly , he knew when he said he did n't know , " Issa said . "  Now the question is , what did he know and how is he going to explain why he gave that answer ? " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Brian Todd , and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Congress issues a subpoena relating to Operation Fast and Furious Rep. Issa says Attorney Genreal Holder has blocked an investigation into the operation Justice Department officials insist they did nothing wrong Fast and Furious is a discredited gunrunning operation designed to track weapons to drug cartels
CNN  -- Washington is obsessed with the question of whether government can do anything anymore . With the lame duck session of Congress mired in confrontation over immigration and Congress about to shift to Republican hands in January , gridlock seems to define Washington . But there is an issue where politics might work toward a legislative breakthrough rather than against it : the fight against Ebola . The spread of Ebola has been an absolute disaster for several countries in Africa . As voters learned in the weeks leading up to the election , families and communities have been utterly destroyed as a result of this horrendous disease . For a moment , Americans started to learn about how this disease could also spread to our own continent , as there were some cases of infected people within the United States . President Obama is requesting that Congress provide $ 6.2 billion in funding to combat the disease in Africa as part of the spending bill that Congress is now considering . The request comes after a potential breakthrough in the development of a vaccine that could have a major impact . Money to develop this , as well as to strengthen the public health infrastructure in Africa , is urgently needed . "  I think in some ways Ebola has receded from the front page of the papers , but now is not the time to let down our guard , " one White House official said . In the short term , the cynics are n't very optimistic -- and for good reason . Legislators seemed to have forgotten the issue as soon as voters made their decisions in early November . But if the White House handles the issue in the right way , the President might actually achieve his goals . President Obama can use the carrot and the stick to push Republicans toward a compromise . With Ebola , the carrot would be the appeal of Republicans building on their own party 's public health record to demonstrate to voters -- who are starting to think about 2016 -- that they can govern . One of the greatest successes of President George W. Bush 's administration was the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  initiative . Often forgotten amid all the focus on Iraq , torture , and the war on terrorism , Bush scored a huge policy success when he supported a massive infusion of funds into the effort to fight AIDS in Africa . As a result of the program , the number of people receiving care increased from 50,000 in 2004 to over one million by 2008 . The initiative has been a big success and public health officials agree we are on the road to wiping out the disease . In 2012 , even as he was ramping up his partisan attacks in the presidential election on behalf of President Obama , former President Bill Clinton said : "  I have to be grateful , and you should be too , that President George W. Bush supported PEPFAR . It saved the lives of millions of people in poor countries . " Obama can ask Republicans to join him with Ebola and build on that public health record . At a time that many Americans think of the GOP as the party of obstruction -- good at attacking President Obama but not much else -- this could remind voters of what the GOP has helped to do and what they want to accomplish now . Even if this does not make it into a temporary spending fix that the lame duck Congress might pass , the President must continue to turn up the heat in the coming year to get this done . Then there is the stick . In the weeks leading up to the midterm elections , Republican candidates made a huge deal about the Ebola crisis . They used this as a way to talk about how passive the President has been in dealing with the crises that the world has faced , from Ebola to ISIS . The Internet record is replete with statements calling on the White House to do something . "  I 'm concerned , " said Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , "  that the administration is not treating it with the gravity it deserves ... " Up to now , the Republican record is pretty thin . The Republicans did not really offer any serious path forward and have not been jumping at the president 's proposals . Now President Obama can float his measure and put them on the spot . He can use their record as a way for voters to start measuring whether the Republicans are serious about governance or whether they just want to score political points . In this case , he can raise the question of whether they are willing to address a public health crisis that they acknowledged or whether they just talk about these issues for their own political gain . To be sure , we have seen repeatedly how solutions that seem most obvious for the parties to agree upon collapse in this age of partisan gridlock . Nonetheless , if the President moves forward with this proposal and handles it in the right way , he will force Republicans into a position of showing what they are all about -- real solutions or more gridlock . The GOP can be sure that American voters are watching closely .	Julian Zelizer : Washington focuses on whether the government can accomplish anything There 's one thing both parties could do : support Obama request for Ebola aid GOP backed Bush 's vital PEPFAR program , which helped battle against AIDS
CNN  -- Mario Balotelli did n't score but , once again , it was still all about him . The Italian striker made his much anticipated reintroduction into English soccer Sunday when he started for Liverpool against Tottenham Hotspur . Liverpool ran out comfortable 3-0 winners with goals from Raheem Sterling , Steven Gerrard and new signing Alberto Moreno . But before , during and after the game , all eyes were on the mercurial Balotelli , who showed flashes of both his brilliance and profligacy . On any other day he might have had a hat trick , but he missed his three clear cut chances in the first half . Rodgers impressed Yet Balotelli 's work rate and approach play on and off the ball impressed his new coach Brendan Rodgers . "  He is a good man and I think if you take away the circus around him , and the circus he invites himself sometimes , control the background noise and get him focused on his football , he 'll make mistakes ... but he 's going to be a real handful for defenders , " Rodgers said after the game . Rodgers also revealed that Balotelli had never defended at a corner before coming to Liverpool . "  For the first time in his life he marked at a corner , " Rodgers revealed . "  Serious . International player , won three titles , and we were doing corners and I said , ` are you picking up -LSB- opposition players -RSB- at the corners ' . He said : ' I do n't mark at corners . ' You do now . " It was almost a dream debut for Balotelli but he managed to head the ball straight at Hugo Lloris in the Tottenham goal . But Rodgers ' new system , with Balotelli and Daniel Sturridge up front and Raheem Sterling playing behind , paid dividends . In fact it was Sterling who broke the deadlock when he scored at the near post following a Jordan Henderson cross from the right hand side . A Steven Gerrard penalty and a stunning Alberto Moreno strike made sure of the points and ensured Balotelli 's return to English football was a winning one . Arsenal stutter Later in the day Arsenal continued their indifferent Premier League form with a 1-1 draw against Leicester City . With the transfer window about to shut , Arsenal 's depth of forward options had been under scrutiny before the game . But it was one of coach Arsene Wenger 's big summer signings , Alexis Sanchez , who put Arsenal ahead before Leicester City equalized through a Leo Ulloa header . Arsenal had 24 chances during the match but could n't break down a team who were promoted from English soccer 's second tier last season . "  Tough , tough , " Wenger told Sky Sports after the draw . "  A draw was fair . We did n't play well enough . We lacked a bit of creativity . We 've had two tough weeks , three away games . It is not an excuse , but we are a bit jaded . In the end we could have lost it . " Balotelli signs for Liverpool	Liverpool beat Tottenham Hotspur 3-0 Mario Balotelli made his Liverpool debut He did n't score but showed glimpses of class Sterling , Gerrard and Moreno all on the score sheet
CNN  -- He 's known as the "  Merchant of Death " and the "  Lord of War , " -- an alleged international arms dealer straight out of a cloak-and-dagger spy novel who eluded authorities for years and inspired Hollywood villains . But in reality , according to those who have seen or met Viktor Bout , he is a somber man , sometimes nattily dressed , a wheeler-dealer who has insisted he is innocent of the allegations leveled against him . Bout , a Russian citizen and former military officer , speaks six languages "  and I could see him bargaining in all six at the same time , " wrote CNN 's Jill Dougherty in 2008 , recalling her meeting with Bout in 2002 in Moscow , Russia . Bout arrived in New York late Tuesday after being extradited from Thailand . He faces charges in the United States of conspiring to kill U.S. nationals , conspiring to kill U.S. officers or employees , conspiring to acquire and use an anti-aircraft missile and conspiring to provide material support or resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization . American law enforcement officers have spent years pursuing him , and the extradition process from Thailand was an arduous one for them . Bout is accused of supplying weapons to war zones around the world , from Sierra Leone to Afghanistan . Before his 2008 arrest , U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agents led a sting operation by posing as members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  , officials said . "  His early days are a mystery , " said Douglas Farah , a senior fellow at the International Assessment and Strategy Center who co-authored a book on Bout . Farah told Mother Jones magazine in 2007 that according to his multiple passports , Bout was born in 1967 in Dushanbe , Tajikistan , the son of a bookkeeper and an auto mechanic . A pro-Bout website -- Farah said Bout put it up himself -- says he was born into an "  average home and an average family " and that his parents were employees in the "  administrative and accounting fields . " But , Farah said , some reports are that Bout 's parents were involved in intelligence . "  His mother was supposedly very high in the KGB , " Farah said , adding that Bout has consistently denied that . "  He graduated from the Military Institute on Foreign Languages , a well-known feeder school for Russian military intelligence , and is known to have a true gift for languages , " Farah told Mother Jones . Bout has said that he worked as a military officer in Mozambique . Others have said it was actually Angola -- which would make sense , as Russia had a large military presence there at the time , Farah told CNN . He said Bout 's rise stemmed from the end of Communism and the rise of capitalism in the early 1990s in the former Soviet bloc . "  He was a Soviet officer , most likely a lieutenant , who simply saw the opportunities presented by three factors that came with the collapse of the USSR and the state sponsorship that entailed : abandoned aircraft on the runways from Moscow to Kiev , no longer able to fly because of the lack of money for fuel or maintenance ; huge stores of surplus weapons that were guarded by guards suddenly receiving little or no salary ; and the booming demand for those weapons from traditional Soviet clients and newly emerging armed groups from Africa to the Philippines , " Farah told the magazine . "  He simply wedded the three things , taking aircraft for almost nothing , filling them with cheaply purchased weapons from the arsenals , and flying them to clients who could pay . " "  He knew the African market , " Farah said Wednesday . "  He was clearly aware of who -LSB- Russia 's -RSB- past clients had been ... I think he had foresight , and I think he understood the world changes much more than the average Soviet bloc person . " He first became known when the United Nations began investigating him in the early-to-mid 1990s and the United States began to get involved , Farah told CNN . Bout 's website , which spells his name Victor , says he became notorious because of a smear campaign , "  fictitious tales and stories which were generated from one source -- a corrupt United Nations contractor who was generously paid for the U.N. contracts he arranged with the help of others for Victor 's companies , and then became mad for vengeance when Victor refused to continue paying him . " The site said the United States case against him is based on "  lies " and paid informants . Attempts by CNN to contact Bout 's wife were unsuccessful Wednesday . Ironically , the United States is also among Bout 's clients , even indirectly , Farah said Wednesday . Bout companies were used to fly for government contractors in Iraq . Most of those flights -- estimated in the hundreds -- occurred after then-President George W. Bush had signed an executive order making it illegal to do business with Bout because he represented a security threat to the United States , Farah told Mother Jones . "  The State Department , under a congressional inquiry initiated by Sen. Russell Feingold , found it had used Bout companies , acknowledged it , and stopped , " Farah told the magazine . " ... Despite the public revelation , the congressional inquiry , the executive order and a subsequent Treasury Department order freezing the assets of Bout and his closest associates , the flights continued for many months , at least until the end of 2005 . " The United States did not have the airlift capacity to go in at the time , Farah said Wednesday . But Bout had planes close by , in the United Arab Emirates , and "  he was willing to fly without insurance . He paid pilots a flat rate . " At one point , the State and Treasury departments were going after Bout while the Department of Defense continued to pay him . "  It was one of those contradictory situations , " Farah said . Farah told CNN he believes the trial against Bout will be quick , as he does n't believe anyone wants Bout to tell what he knows -- because he knows a lot . His knowledge could potentially embarrass not only Russia , but the United Nations , the United States and Britain , among others , he said . "  I do n't think they 're going to have a wide-ranging free-for-all . " And so far , "  he 's apparently been a stand-up guy to the Russians , " and has n't threatened to turn on them , Farah said . For one thing , they have his family , which is "  considerable leverage " -- Bout is widely known to be a family man , Farah wrote in August in Foreign Policy magazine . "  He endured more than two years in a Thai prison , losing more than 70 pounds and never showing any signs of doubting he would ultimately walk away , " Farah wrote in the article . "  He has been , so far , a soldier 's soldier . " That 's largely in line with how Bout views himself , Farah said Wednesday -- as a soldier and a businessman . "  I think everyone agrees on a personal level , he 's very charming . He 's very articulate , very sort of well-mannered and obviously a very smart guy , " he said , adding Bout has never considered himself as a "  trigger-puller or bad guy . " "  I do n't think he views himself as having any blood on his hands , " he said . In addition , Bout approached the CIA and the FBI through an intermediary just after the September 11 , 2001 attacks on New York and Washington , offering to help oust the Taliban if paid tens of millions , Farah told Mother Jones . "  Negotiations were serious and lasted several months , but we do not know what , if any , parts of the deal he offered were accepted . " But in 2002 , when he met with Dougherty , Bout was interested in setting the record straight . He traveled with a bodyguard and a female aide , Dougherty said , and was "  dressed in a well-cut dark jacket with gold buttons , grey trousers , white shirt and basket-weave-patterned silk tie . " He also sported a wool topcoat . "  His English was quite good , " Dougherty recalled . "  He seemed intelligent , canny ; serious but nervous . " She said he was "  tall , heavy-set , a bit rough around the edges , but he acted like a man who has been wronged . " She asked him about allegations against him -- did he sell arms to the Taliban ? To al Qaeda ? Did he supply rebels in Africa and get paid in blood diamonds ? -- and he denied each one . "  It 's a false allegation and it 's a lie , " he said . "  I 've never touched diamonds in my life and I 'm not a diamond guy and I do n't want that business . " "  I 'm not afraid , " he told Dougherty . "  I did n't do anything in my life I should be afraid of . And all this looks to me like a witch hunt . Look , I 'm coming to your office , I have no problem . And I said , ` Hey , who 's looking for me ? ' I 'm here . I 'm not hiding from nobody . And I do n't want this story going on . " Dougherty asked him if he had ever met Osama bin Laden , and he said no , adding that if he had , he might have helped prevent the 9/11 attacks . Farah believes Bout 's downfall was insisting on closing the supposed "  deal " with FARC himself . "  He was more than happy to say he knew the weapons would be used to kill Americans , " he said Wednesday . Meanwhile , Bout himself -- who reportedly has used names including "  Victor Anatoliyevich Bout , " "  Victor But , " "  Viktor Butt , " "  Viktor Bulakin " and "  Vadim Markovich Aminov " -- is thought to have been the inspiration for the arms-dealer character played by Nicolas Cage in the 2005 movie "  Lord of War . " "  Someone will undoubtedly write a book about this case some day , and I can tell you that it will read like the very best work of Tom Clancy , only in this case it wo n't be fiction , " Michael Braun , then assistant administrator and chief of operations for the DEA , told CNN in 2008 . Much of what Bout is alleged to have done is morally reprehensible , but not illegal , Farah said , noting there are no penalties for violating UN weapons sanctions . "  Our book ends saying , ` They 'll never catch him , ' " he said .	NEW : Author does n't believe nations want Viktor Bout to tell what he knows NEW : Little is known about Bout 's early days NEW : Bout sees himself as a soldier and businessman
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI said Friday it will respond to questions from Congress on the use of FBI aircraft amid allegations that Attorney General Eric Holder is among officials who "  may have used FBI planes for his own travel when aircraft were needed for FBI operations . " Both the Justice Department and the Senate Judiciary Committee confirmed FBI Director Robert Mueller himself intends to reply to the allegations . A letter to Mueller from key congressional Republicans in the House and Senate said Thursday that in one case , Holder is alleged to have reserved an FBI aircraft , "  upgraded to a larger aircraft owned by a different agency and left the FBI plane sitting idle because he failed to notify the FBI in a timely manner . " The letter from Sens. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , and Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , was also signed by powerful GOP House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith of Texas and House Appropriations Committee Chairman Frank Wolf of Virginia . In May , Grassley asked Mueller , who was testifying on Capitol Hill , if the FBI had to lease a plane because the bureau 's jet was reserved for top Justice Department officials . Mueller responded : "  The Attorney General , the Department of Justice , the FBI , understand that these planes are first for investigative work , " Mueller said . "  They are used for counterterrorism , criminal cases , and that any travel of the principals is secondary to the use of the plane for the investigative work of the FBI . " The answer was not sufficient for Grassley and his colleagues . The lawmakers want to know why the FBI pays for Holder 's travel , even when he uses non-FBI planes such as Department of Defense or Federal Aviation Administration aircraft . Among several other demands , the lawmakers want the FBI to list all flights billed to the FBI by the Justice Department , and whether all of those flights were for official or personal travel . The letter , apparently coincidentally , was sent to Mueller on the day The Washington Post highlighted what it called "  Eric Holder 's world tour . " The Post noted that Holder is planning a trip to the Middle East . He has already traveled this summer on official business to Denmark , Germany , Guam , Malaysia and Singapore . The article notes the attorney general appears to have itineraries packed full of official meetings , so he has little time for sightseeing . The expenses associated with the travel of attorneys general and other top government officials is an oft-debated topic in Washington . Frequently , the party out of power or its allies complain about the cost to taxpayers for official travel . Holder 's predecessor , Michael Mukasey , who served under President George W. Bush , was also questioned about his travel expenses . One of the major issues is the government 's requirement that for security reasons , attorneys general , Homeland Security secretaries , FBI directors , and many defense and civilian intelligence officials must fly in government aircraft . When these officials travel on personal business they must reimburse the government at the rate of a round trip coach fare . The cost of a round trip coach fare between Washington and New York , for example costs about $ 130 , while the actual cost of operating a government plane to and from New York to Washington is more than $ 4,000 . The taxpayers pay the difference .	Holder "  may have used FBI planes for his own travel when aircraft were needed for FBI operations " FBI Director Robert Mueller will respond to the allegation by GOP leaders Lawmakers want to know why FBI pays for Holder 's travel when he uses non-FBI aircraft
CNN  -- A strong 6.6-magnitude earthquake struck Sunday off the coast of Antarctica , prompting a warning that there was a "  small possibility " it could trigger a tsunami . The tremor was centered in waters south of South America 's southern tip , about 334 miles  539 kilometers  west of Coronation Island and 388 miles northeast of Palmer Station in Antarctica , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . It hit at 9:40 a.m. local time  8:40 a.m. ET  on Sunday , according to the federal agency , and had an estimated depth of 6.2 miles . Afterward , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center released a statement saying that there appears to be no threat of "  destructive widespread tsunami " because of the quake . But the agency did state "  there is a small possibility of a local or regional tsunami that could affect coasts located usually no more than a few hundred kilometers from the earthquake epicenter . "  Authorities in the region near the epicenter should be made aware of this possibility , " the warning center added .	The quake struck Sunday morning near Antarctica 's Shetland Islands The USGS reports it struck at a depth of 6.2 miles A U.S. agency warns there 's a "  small possibility of a ... regional tsunami "
CNN  -- From Woodstock and a man on the moon to the Manson murders and the Stonewall riots , the summer of 1969 was a tumultuous and eventful time . Listed below are a few of the historic and memorable moments from that summer . April 23 | Sirhan Sirhan sentenced Sirhan Sirhan , convicted of murdering New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy during the 1968 presidential campaign , is sentenced to death a week after being found guilty . Three years later , his sentence is commuted to life in prison after California abolishes the death penalty . May 18 | Apollo 10 The Apollo 10 mission is a dress rehearsal for the lunar landing module . This mission tested "  all aspects of the lunar landing mission exactly as it would be performed , except for the actual landing , " according to NASA . It also transmitted the first color pictures of Earth from space . May 23 | The Who releases "  Tommy " The Who , a key band of the 1960s British Invasion , releases the rock opera "  Tommy . " The double album features songs like "  Pinball Wizard " and "  Tommy , Can You Hear Me ? " May 24 | Beatles ' "  Get Back " is No. 1 "  Get Back " by the Beatles becomes the top song on Billboard 's list and stays there for five weeks . Released as a single , the song later appeared on the "  Let it be " album . "  Aquarius/Let the Sunshine in " by the Fifth Dimension was the second song on the list for that week . May 25 | "  Midnight Cowboy " released John Schlesinger 's "  Midnight Cowboy , " starring Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman , is released with an X rating , the first ever in wide release . The film received seven Academy Award nominations and won three , including best picture . Other notable movies released during that year include "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , " "  Easy Rider " and "  True Grit . " June 3 | Last episode of ` Star Trek ' airs The last episode of the original "  Star Trek " airs on NBC . During the episode , titled "  Turnabout Intruder , " one of Captain Kirk 's former lovers steals his body . June 6 | Joe Namath briefly retires Joe Namath , the star New York Jets quarterback who famously guaranteed a Super Bowl victory , briefly retires from the National Football League over a conflict with league Commissioner Pete Rozelle . June 8 | Nixon and Vietnam President Nixon , after being elected on a campaign pledge to pull troops out of Southeast Asia , announces the withdrawal of 25,000 U.S. troops from Vietnam . June 9 / June 23 | Burger becomes chief justice Appointed by President Nixon , Warren Burger is confirmed as the chief justice of the Supreme Court on June 9 , succeeding Earl Warren . Two weeks later , he is sworn in . In 1973 , Burger votes with the majority in the landmark Roe v. Wade case , establishing a woman 's right to an abortion . June 28 | Stonewall riots A confrontation between gay rights activists and police outside the Stonewall Inn -- a gay bar in Greenwich Village , New York City -- escalates into a riot . Over the next four decades , the riots act as a symbolic force for the burgeoning gay rights movement . July 25 | Sen. Kennedy and Chappaquiddick Democratic Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy receives a two-month suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to leaving the scene of a fatal accident . Mary Jo Kopechne , once a campaign worker for Sen. Robert Kennedy , drowned in the July 18 accident in Chappaquiddick , Massachusetts . July 20 | Moon landing Apollo 11 , carrying three U.S. astronauts , lands on the moon . Mission commander Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon ; crewmate Buzz Aldrin also walked on the moon . The third man on the mission was Michael Collins . Six lunar landings followed . July 24 | Muhammad Ali convicted Boxing champion Muhammad Ali is convicted of evading the draft after he refused to be inducted into the U.S. Army . Two years earlier , Ali applied for an exemption as a conscientious objector but was denied . He was stripped of his fighting license and title . He returned to the ring in 1970 , and his conviction was overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1971 . August 9-10 | The Manson murders During a two-night rampage , pregnant actress Sharon Tate and seven others are killed by Charles Manson and his "  Family . " Manson and four others -- Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , Charles "  Tex " Watson and Leslie Van Houten -- were later convicted of murder and other charges . Their death sentences were commuted to life imprisonment in 1972 . August 14 | British troops sent to Northern Ireland More than 300 British troops are ordered into a Londonderry neighborhood in Northern Ireland after three nights of clashes between police and Catholic residents . The troops were supposed to stay for days , but the conflict lasted decades . The number of British troops stationed in Northern Ireland peaked at 30,000 in the early 1970s . August 14 | The Miracle Mets The New York Mets fall nine games behind the Chicago Cubs in the National League race but , led by future Hall of Fame pitchers Nolan Ryan and Tom Seaver , stage a comeback in the months that followed to capture the pennant . They went on to defeat the Baltimore Orioles for the Word Series title . August 15-18 | Woodstock Nearly 400,000 people show up at a farm in Bethel , New York , for a music festival that features legendary acts Jimi Hendrix , the Who , the Grateful Dead , Janis Joplin and Sly and the Family Stone . The event would help define an era . August 17 | Hurricane Camille More than 250 people are killed in Mississippi and Louisiana when Hurricane Camille strikes the United States mainland . At its peak , Camille was a Category 5 storm , packing winds stronger than 200 mph and leaving tides measuring higher than 20 feet in its wake . September 1 | Gadhafi assumes power Moammar Gadhafi , a military captain at the time , deposes King Idris and assumes control of Libya . He remains in power to this day . September 24 | The "  Chicago 8 " trial begins A trial gets under way for eight people -- known as the "  Chicago 8 " -- who were indicted on charges connected with protests at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago . After a long , raucous trial , two were acquitted , and the others were convicted on various charges . Eight police officers were also indicted in connection with the disorder in Chicago .	Man lands on the moon on July 20 with Apollo 11 mission A new Supreme Court justice and withdrawal of troops in Vietnam grab headlines In the world of sports , The Mets , Muhammad Ali and Joe Nameth make news For more , go to In Depth : Summer of 1969
CNN  -- Burkina Faso 's fairytale at the Africa Cup of Nations will have one more enthralling chapter after it overcame the might of four-time champion Ghana to seal a place in the final for the very first time in South Africa Wednesday . In a contest which was marred by a number of mystifying refereeing decisions , Burkina Faso survived the sending off of striker David Pitroipa and the ruling out of a seemingly legitimate strike to prevail on penalties . With the game ending 1-1 after extra-time , it was the Burkinabe which held its nerve to progress 3-2 on penalties and advance to Sunday 's showpiece final against Nigeria . ` Super Eagles ' end Ivory Coast 's AFCON hopes The Super Eagles had earlier booked their place in the final with a convincing 4-1 win over Mali in Durban . Burkina Faso , which had not won a game away from home at the tournament before arriving in South Afirca , had endured a frustrating night with referee Jdidi Slim 's display a constant cause of consternation . But it will now have to take on Nigeria without star striker Jonathan Pitroipa , who was harshly shown a second yellow card for diving when it looked as if he had been fouled . Pitroipa 's 117th minute dismissal leaves the Burkinabe without its two star strikers following the injury to talented forward Alain Traore . Burkina Faso should have been given the chance to take an early lead when John Boye sent Pitroipa hurtling towards the turf inside the Ghana penalty area , but the referee wrongly waved away appeals for a spot kick . Instead , it was Ghana which was controversially awarded a penalty after the Jdidi adjudged that Christian Atsu had been fouled inside the penalty area . Mubarak Wakaso stood up to fire home from 12 yards and net his fourth goal of the competition . What can we expect from the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations ? With both teams struggling to play on a terrible surface at the Mbombela Stadium , the game lacked any real sort of quality . But what it lacked in quality it more than made up for in drama and excitement as Burkina Faso continued to fight back against a perceived injustice . Ghana goalkeeper Fatawu Dauda produced a wonderful reaction save to deny Aristide Bance , while Asamoah Gyan hit a post for the Black Stars . But with an hour on the clock , the underdog finally got its reward as Bance was allowed time and space to fire home a deserved equalizer . Burkina Faso make giant strides With the game moving into extra-time , Burkina Faso appeared to have scored a dramatic winner when Prejuce Nakoulma beat Dauda to the ball and prodded into the net . But most of those packed inside the stadium were left in disbelief when Jdidi ruled the goal out for a minor clash with Kwadwo Asamoah . Worse was to follow for the Burkinabe when Pitroipa was sent off after receiving a second yellow card for diving , despite replays showing he was quite clearly fouled . In the end , the contest went to penalties and it was Burkina Faso which held its nerve with Bakary Kone , Henri Traore and Bance all scoring to send it through to the final . Burkina captain Charles Kabore told reporters : "  The referee is human , all humans make mistakes , but he happened to make too many tonight . But we 're not going to dwell on that , we 've qualified . " ` Super Eagles ' end Ivory Coast 's AFCON hopes In the day 's early kick off , Nigeria reached the final for the first time since 2000 following a comfortable victory over Mali . The Super Eages scored three times in 20 first half minutes to take control of the contest and leave manager Stephen Keshi dreaming of repeating the triumph he pulled off as a player in 1994 . Elderson Echiejile headed Nigeria ahead on 25 minutes before Brown Ideye added a second on the half-hour mark . Momo Sissoko then deflected Emmanuel Emenike 's free-kick into the Mali net to leave his side facing an uphill struggle . And Ahmed Musa , who replaced the injured Victor Moses , inflicted further punishment on Mali when he ran through to score eight minutes after the interval . Mali , which famously came back from 4-0 down to draw 4-4 with Angola in the opening game of the 2010 finals , pulled one back through substitute Cheick Diarra in the 75th minute . Nigeria go through But that failed to take the shine off for manager Keshi , who is now hoping to become only the second man in the tournament 's history to win the tournament as a player and a coach after Egypt 's Mahmoud El Gohary , who won it in 1959 and 1998 . "  We won in 1994 after we had been together for five years , " he told reporters . "  But we have been together for five weeks . We met up for the first time in our training camp in Portugal before the tournament , and it was a young group . "  We worked hard , the atmosphere was wonderful but you can not compare this team to that . We did play very well today and I am very happy but we have n't won anything yet . "	Burkina Faso will play Nigeria in Africa Cup of Nations Final Burkinabe saw off Ghana 3-2 on penalties following 1-1 draw Nigeria thrashed Mali 4-1 in Durban to seal place in final Ghana will play Mali in playoff for third place on Saturday
CNN  -- On mobile devices , social media may be hot , but news still captures people 's attention . And the news business , troubled though it has been , is all about attention . But can mobile news apps help save news about your community ? In just a couple of years , mobile devices are likely to be the most common way that people in the United States access the Internet . Meanwhile , more and more newspapers and other traditional news outlets , especially those that provide local or regional news , are likely to keep getting smaller or even fold . New research from Localytics shows that mobile users spend roughly the same amount of time with news apps as they do with Twitter 's mobile app , about 115 minutes per month . Many of my news media colleagues get excited when they hear statistics like that . They 're hoping news apps might help save the ad-supported news business , perhaps even help keep traditional print newspapers and broadcast news operations afloat . That 's because advertisers want eyeballs . When people spend more time in apps , those apps become more attractive vehicles for advertising . Localytics ' data implies that smartphone and tablet apps for news could indeed offer an advantage to mobile advertisers . People spend just two-thirds as much time using mobile apps for entertainment , health and fitness , sports and music . While game apps are popular , on average , mobile users spend less than half as much time using game apps as news apps . But not so fast : News organizations would n't necessarily be getting all , or even most , of the ad dollars from news apps . That 's because some of the most popular news apps do n't come directly from print or broadcast news brands . For example , Flipboard is a very popular news aggregator app . Similarly , OnSwipe repackages a publisher 's content to make it beautiful and easy to use on mobile Web browsers  not apps  . The companies that provide these tools determine which ads get displayed there . Publishers who distribute their content through such third-party mobile news tools earn a cut of the resulting ad revenue , but it 's less money than they 've been accustomed to making by selling their own ads . Pulse and Google Currents  two other popular news aggregator apps  do n't yet run ads but are likely to start selling ads soon , according to TechCrunch and Forbes . Most major news brands do offer their own smartphone or tablet apps , but these often are costly to develop and maintain , which can make them a dicey business proposition . Furthermore most news brands that offer their own mobile apps do n't sell their own in-app ads ; they serve ads from revenue-sharing mobile ad networks . These network ads tend to be fairly generic and lacking in geographic relevance . That has been a missed opportunity , because location is especially important to mobile users , and because the vast majority of news outlets are local . Last year , CNN took a different approach by purchasing Zite , a popular news aggregator tablet app . So far Zite does n't display ads , but it is experimenting with revenue models and eventually it may help directly support the news organization . That strategy might eventually pay off for a big global news organization like CNN , but probably not so much for a struggling no-longer-daily newspaper in a city like New Orleans . GigaOm expects huge growth in the mobile advertising market , spurred by great improvements in meeting the needs of local advertisers . That 's a development that could indeed help save local news outlets , at least the ones that decide to get serious about mobile . But if a boom in mobile advertising ends up mainly benefiting national and global advertisers , ad networks and news outlets , then more people will keep getting less and less access to local news -- with potentially profound effects on communities . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	New research shows news apps are competitive with Twitter 's mobile app Many hope that revenue from these apps might offset losses from print and broadcast news News apps are costly to make and maintain Larger news organizations might profit from apps , but it 's doubtful that smaller newspapers will
CNN  -- Championship leader Mark Webber made it a hat-trick of pole positions as he dominated qualifying for the Turkish Grand Prix in Istanbul on Saturday . Webber lapped in one minute 26.295 seconds to occupy first place on the grid ahead of 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton in his McLaren . Webber 's Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel was third fastest , with reigning world champion Jenson Button fourth in the second McLaren . Australia 's Webber will be chasing a hat-trick of race victories , after wins in Spain and Monaco , in Sunday 's 58-lap race , hoping to pull clear of Vettel in the title race . The teammates are currently tied on 78 points , but Webber is ahead on race victories . He said that his team had finally got to grips with the Istanbul Park circuit in time for the crucial qualifying . "  It has n't been the smoothest of weekends for us in terms of getting the running in . Getting ready for ` quali ' things started to get a little bit better , " he told the post-qualifying press conference . "  I was a little bit on the back foot going in to be honest , but I knew if I dug deep it could be OK . And it worked out for us . "  I 'm a little bit more confident for tomorrow to be honest . " The Red Bull team have claimed all seven poles this season and will be looking to extend their lead in the constructors ' championship . Mercedes pair Michael Schumacher , in fifth , and Nico Rosberg will share the third row , but it was another disappointing qualifying session for Ferrari in their 800th grand prix . Felipe Massa of Brazil qualified eighth but two-time world champion Fernando Alonso did not make the top 10 for the final session . The Spaniard made a mistake in Q2 and ended up 12th , the second straight time he has made a hash in qualifying after being forced to start from the pit lane in Monaco . Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali was not amused by their showing . "  For sure the performance in qualifying was not up to our standard . We do n't know why -- and we need to understand . For sure we were expecting much more performance , " he told AFP .	Mark Webber on pole for Sunday 's Turkey Grand Prix in Istanbul Webber will occupy the front row of the grid with McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton Webber 's Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel claims third fastest Aussie Webber leads Vettel on races won in title race
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Beneath a simple gray stone marker that reads "  2008 , " on a gentle slope at the Los Angeles County Crematory and Cemetery , lie the unclaimed remains of the poor , the homeless , the addicted and the lonely . Several clergy members extended their arms over the spare gravesite Wednesday morning and gave a final blessing to the 1,639 people who were cremated and buried there because no family member claimed their bodies . All of the departed passed away in 2008 . "  We started these ceremonies  for the unclaimed  in 1896 , " said Andrew Veis , an aide to Fourth District Supervisor Don Knabe . "  These people were sick , poor , homeless , no family . Some could not afford to pay for the cremation . The county is their ultimate safety net . We can give them a decent and respectful burial . " The numbers of the unclaimed are heartbreakingly steady . Last year , 1,698 such people were cremated here , the year before , 1,798 . The cemetery must wait three years before burying unclaimed bodies . Sometimes family members suffer the double pain of losing a loved one and not being able to pay for a funeral , and then do n't claim their loved because they 're too broke . "  It just does n't have to be that way , " said Stella Inouye , a financial services coordinator for the cemetery . "  It costs $ 352 to bury and cremate someone taken from the county hospital and $ 466 if they pass away somewhere else . But  family members  can write a hardship letter and get the fees waived " About 15 people ringed the gravesite Wednesday , most of them volunteers or social workers from L.A 's downtown homeless community , Skid Row . "  These people may well have been guests at our soup kitchen or even at our house , " said Jeff Dietrich , from Hospitality Kitchen , which provides meals for people in need . "  I feel like it 's kind of a poignant situation when there are so many unclaimed bodies to be buried and so many untold stories and so many disconnected people . "  I think the important thing for us is to just try in these last few hours of their earthly presence to be a presence to them and deeply connected . " Chris Ponnet , spiritual director of care at the Los Angeles County and University of Southern California Medical Center , led the clergy . "  We gather in this sacred space where so many others are buried and trusting these nameless and named but unclaimed people into your embrace , " the chaplain said . Other clergy offered blessings in Hindu , Buddhist and Jewish traditions . "  This is a day of eternal life , " began Rambhoeu Brinkmann in the Hindu tradition . "  There will be for them all that they wish and more besides , in our presence . " The ceremony ended quickly and the attendees left behind grave marker "  2008 , " adorned with a yellow bow and a small collection of flowers , including roses .	More than 1,600 unclaimed bodies are cremated each year at an L.A. cemetery About 15 people came Wednesday for a service marking the latest burials "  So many untold stories and so many disconnected people , " one says
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Angry workers beat to death a human resources vice president after he laid off 42 employees at an auto-parts manufacturing company in southern India , police said Wednesday . Roy George was vice-president for human resources at Pricol , the auto-parts company . Some four to five workers , belonging to a union not recognized by the company , barged into his office and beat him up with iron rods , said N. Kannan , a police superintendent of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu state . George , 47 , died from his head injuries Tuesday , Kannan told CNN . Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more . Last year the Indian head of an Italian company died after allegedly being beaten by a mob of sacked employees . More than 60 people were charged with the murder of the chief executive of Graziano Transmissioni near New Delhi . Earlier this month , India 's Jet Airways had to cancel hundreds of flights after pilots struck work over the sacking of two of their colleagues in August . Companies in the South Asian nation , despite its rapid economic growth in recent years , have often been faced with tough labor issues because of archaic laws and company policies on hiring and retrenchment . Business consultants in India blame such labor standoffs on what they call lack of transparency in retrenchment or layoff policies . Hiring and firing conditions are often not explained to workers by their companies , said Rajeev Karwal , founding-director of Milagrow Business and Knowledge Solutions . Issues could spiral out of control if the businesses and bureaucrats are seen in a "  corrupt nexus " by the employees seeking reprieve from labor authorities , he said .	Roy George was vice-president for human resources at Pricol auto-parts company Police : Four to five workers barged into his office and beat him with iron rods Police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more
CNN  -- He 's regularly voted France 's favorite famous person , but many of the nation 's youth have "  no idea " about his glorious sporting past . For them , Yannick Noah is a rock star -- or simply "  Joakim 's dad . " Rock star because the 53-year-old is a multimillion-selling artist who has regularly played to packed arenas full of 80,000 screaming fans or more . Joakim 's dad because his 29-year-old son is a two-time NBA All Star playing for the Chicago Bulls in the United States . Rarely do any youngsters know about his permanent place in tennis folklore , or that he remains the last Frenchman to win a grand slam title . But so varied are his interests and so versatile his repertoire , he could also be known as coach , author , humanitarian campaigner or charity fundraiser . "  Most of them have no idea I was a tennis player , " he tells CNN 's Open Court show . "  I stopped in 1990 which is 23 years ago -- a long time . So time flies . " The time that has flown since has yet to produce a Frenchman capable of assuming Noah 's mantle , or bettering his highest world ranking of No. 3 . His trademark dreadlocks and ferocious forehand were melded to a happy-go-lucky attitude , and a genuine sense of fun on the court . Perhaps that is why his 1983 French Open victory in front of a rapturous crowd at Roland Garros in Paris is still held in such reverence . That , and his stint as captain of his country 's Davis Cup team in which he led France 's men to their first title in the prestigious competition for 59 years . A year after his second triumph as captain , he switched to the Fed Cup , skippering France 's ladies to their first crown . For tennis fans in France , he can do no wrong . But now it is all about the music , after his impromptu jam sessions with fellow major winners John McEnroe and Jim Courier -- among others -- spawned a thriving second career path . "  I just loved it so much I kept doing it , " Noah explains . "  The difference is that once I just wrote on a piece of paper some lyrics and then put some drums , and then this thing became No. 1 and that was an accident . "  I was not prepared for that . I started to do TV shows , write some more songs and the next thing I know I am doing little clubs with my own band . "  We started to play in tennis events and then one day we had an album that sold millions , so that was a big difference for all of us . After a few years preparing , playing clubs , we started to play big venues . " This is where Noah 's prowess as a champion tennis player came to the fore . Having performed in front of thousands of expectant fans -- no more so than on court at Roland Garros in 1983 -- he was used to the acute demands it would bring . "  The pressure before a game is so much stronger and intense than before you go on the stage ; of course it is pressure , but I mean you are in a locker room playing this other guy , " he says . "  I am prepared for the pressure as a professional athlete . I think you are really prepared for intense pressure because you are under pressure every game . You lose and it hurts -- physically , mentally , it hurts . You do n't have that in music . "  Competition is not that healthy , I would say . While I will be in the same locker room as now when I am going to do the concert and there 's 15,000 people and I hear 10 minutes before the concert people going ` Yannick , Yannick ' -- they all came because they love me . "  And nothing to do with ego , but I know they came because they like me so I 'm going to do my best to make them happy . This is my family waiting for me not some other guys just waiting to criticize me and write something in a paper ... I 'm not like this or I missed a backhand down the line . "  Music is supposed to be just fun -- that 's it -- so yes I enjoy it . It 's all about passion . That 's who I am , if I do n't have passion I am not delivering . " Passion was a defining characteristic of Noah 's career on court . It permeated his run to the French Open final 31 years ago , and was replicated on the streets of Paris as the capital rallied round its rising star . Heading into the tournament seeded at six , Noah enjoyed a comfortable passage to the quarterfinals where Ivan Lendl lay in wait . Like Noah , the Czech was yet to capture a major title -- he would go on to win eight , including the French the following year -- but was beaten in four sets . By the time Noah had brushed aside fellow Frenchman Christophe Roger-Vasselin in a one-sided semifinal , the wave of national euphoria he was riding made defeat in the final seem inconceivable . And when he duly beat Sweden 's Mats Wilander , a posse of friends and family -- led by Noah 's father -- rushed on court to celebrate with the champion , who was soon engulfed by a delirious public . But despite the reverence in which this iconic moment is held -- he was the first Frenchman to win it since 1946 -- and the fact that Noah 's defining career moment happened at Roland Garros , it is n't a place he relishes returning to . "  I 've had there the best moments of my life more than 30 years ago -- it 's right here in my heart forever , " he says of his sole grand slam triumph . "  I have my best moment on tape of my life . So every time I see it , every time I think about it I am complete . "  I do n't need to go back to know the real thing -- I lived it , it 's in my heart , it 's in my memory forever , nobody can take that away from me . "  But I rather go to the U.S. Open or Wimbledon incognito , especially now with my short hair -- nobody knows who I am . "  In France if I go to Roland Garros there is just too much love , I can not walk around so I can not watch a game , I can not watch , I like to walk around , have a beer , it 's impossible . "  Even though I love my French Open , I do n't have this luxury . " Noah 's son knows a thing or two about adulation too . Joakim was recently crowned Defensive Player of the Year in the NBA as his Chicago Bulls side were defeated in the first round of the playoffs . He 's been playing for the iconic basketball outfit since 2007 and is contracted on a multimillion-dollar deal until the end of 2017 . "  I am proud but I am the happiest father -- how happy can you be when your son is fulfilling and living his dream ? " says Noah , whose father was a footballer from Cameroon who played for French clubs . "  Every time I see him getting introduced , I get emotional , I get tears in my eyes . "  I always go back to this little kid who said , ` One day I will play on the NBA . ' I said ` Yeah kid ' but then he kept trying , posters all over his bedroom , basketball players , watching tapes , playing all the time , not being so good but always this passion . "  When I see Joakim today -- All Star , Chicago center -- I see my baby with this same passion . " Passion is a word that proliferates Noah 's vocabulary , even when talking about the current state of men 's tennis in France . There are four French players in the top 30 ahead of the 2014 French Open , which starts Sunday . So who does he think has the best chance to emulate his victory ? "  I 'm going to surprise you , I think  Gael  Monfils can do it , " he says of the world No. 24 . "  From what I know he 's not working as hard as he should on a regular basis . He can work hard and then he gives up for a while . But I think he 's the one who could have the opportunity to beat these beasts ,  Rafael  Nadal and  Novak  Djokovic . "  To win the French Open you have to understand you have to beat not one of these guys but two of them . That 's tough . "	Frenchman Yannick Noah has gone from grand slam winner to rock star Noah remains the last Frenchman to win a grand slam title back in 1983 After French Open success he also led France to Davis Cup glory The 53-year-old now fronts a band that has sold millions of albums
The French comedian at the center of the controversy over the "  quenelle " gesture has been banned from entering Britain , UK authorities said Monday . Dieudonne M'bala M'bala has been widely associated with the gesture -- which involves pointing the right arm straight down and touching that arm with the left hand -- that many believe is a Nazi salute in reverse . Dieudonne counters that it is anti-establishment but not anti-Semitic . "  We can confirm that Mr. Dieudonne is subject to an exclusion order , " Britain 's Home Office said . "  The Home Secretary will seek to exclude an individual from the UK if she considers that there are public policy or public security reasons to do so . " The comedian has voiced his support for controversial French soccer star Nicolas Anelka , who faces a possible five-match suspension after being charged by the English Football Association for making a "  quenelle " gesture in December . The 34-year-old striker made the sign after scoring for his Premier League team , West Bromwich Albion , against West Ham on December 28 . Anelka has insisted that the gesture was a dedication to his friend Dieudonne . The 46-year-old Dieudonne , who ran in the European elections as an anti-Zionist , has been fined several times in France for anti-Semitic commentary . The French government said last month that it wanted to ban his live performances .	Dieudonne M'bala M'bala has been widely associated with the "  quenelle " gesture Many people say his trademark gesture is a Nazi salute in reverse Comedian has voiced support for soccer player penalized for gesture
PEOPLE.com  -- There 's another baby on the way for Lisa Loeb ! The singer/author , 43 , and husband Roey Hershkovitz will welcome their second child in June , her rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively . "  I grew up with a big family , so I 'm excited for Lyla to have a sibling ! " Loeb tells PEOPLE . The couple , who wed in 2009 , are already parents to daughter Lyla Rose , 2 . Loeb can now be seen on tour for her children 's song book , "  Lisa Loeb 's Silly Sing-Along : The Disappointing Pancake and Other Zany Songs . " "  It 's a little bit of a challenge to try to balance my work with my family , but my family comes first , " says Loeb , who also designs frames for her eyewear collection . "  My daughter is so beautiful and sweet and funny . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lisa Loeb will welcome their second child in June "  I 'm excited for Lyla to have a sibling " Loeb tells PEOPLE Loeb also designs frames for her eyewear collection
CNN  -- Twenty-five years ago I read a newspaper article which said that one day , reused syringes would be one of the major causes of the spread of AIDS . I thought this was totally unacceptable and decided to do something about it . Sadly , it 's come true . The toll from the reuse of syringes now exceeds that of malaria , with deaths due to this practice estimated at about 1.3 million each year . Every 24 seconds a child dies as a result of receiving an unsafe injection . The transmission method is crude -- blood-borne viruses are transmitted from patient to patient as body fluid is transferred by reusing a needle and syringe multiple times . In 1984 I was living in the Caribbean , sailing on yachts , almost waiting for inspiration . Then on a visit home , I read the article predicting the problem and my life changed instantly . For about 30 months , I studied all the areas related to the subject , and then it was clear what the ideal solution needed to be . My invention , the K1 Auto-Disable  AD  syringe , can only be used once and thereby helps stop the spread of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis . I set up Star Syringe to globally license K1 . Fourteen licensees now distribute syringes to more than 70 countries , and from our sales figures , we can estimate that 9 million lives have been saved . This syringe is as cheap as all other standard syringes -- about 5 cents , a tenth of the cost of a Coca-Cola , to give you an idea -- but can only be used once and will lock and break if a doctor or nurse tries to reuse it . Outside of our 14 licensees , there are another 10 factories producing single-use syringes in different designs around the world . But an invention is only a starting point for change , and so in 2006 I set up the SafePoint Trust to generate awareness , petition for consistent regulation , and ensure compliance .  SafePoint takes care never to promote K1 , which would benefit Star Syringe and its licensees . SafePoint does create awareness -- and so demand -- for AD syringes on a generic basis , and our mission is aligned with others who wish to bring about global adoption of safe injection practices . We are a small but expanding team , and are incredibly proud to have single-handedly rolled out one of the largest global health campaigns ever , reaching an audience of over 500 million people in India in November 2008 . This unprecedented awareness campaign included 14 press conferences attended by 250 newspapers ; nationwide radio broadcasts  more than 10,000  ; and short film screenings on television  more than 5,000  and in 350 cinemas . It featured the moving story of Sachin , a little boy who contracted HIV through a reused syringe . As a result of this campaign , the Indian Health Ministry made it mandatory for all government health facilities to use AD syringes starting April 30 , 2009 . To ensure continuing momentum and build on the awareness from the previous activity , another campaign will run in India in April 2010 , using shocking footage of syringes still being reused in some hospitals . We have a dedicated team in place that will launch a new campaign focused on Africa next year . Taking the lessons learned from the experience in India , and then adapting the framework to suit the different audience and their preferred media , we will initially focus on Swaziland , Tanzania , Nigeria and Ghana . If an injection is given safely , there is no risk of further infection and therefore there are no additional costs linked to further treatment for secondary , treatment-caused infection . Staff are happier and valuable bed space is kept free . Hospital staff have reported to my team that for every $ 1 they spend on 20 AD syringes , they can expect , typically , to save $ 280 . Finally , I 'm working to launch a new and distinctive LifeSaver logo . I 'm asking other AD manufacturers to unite behind it and use it on their packaging , so that a safe injection can be immediately recognized , asked for and administered . Needle reuse is , for all practical purposes , effectively murder on a global scale . Medical practitioners are blindly giving unsafe injections because they do n't have the resources to do otherwise , or they simply do n't understand the consequences it can have . We need to push for change at the highest levels in society , government and right through to staff at the grassroots level . Bring it on ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc Koska .	Reuse of syringes costs an estimated 1.3 million lives a year , Marc Koska says Syringes can spread blood-borne diseases such as HIV and hepatitis , he says Koska says low-cost syringes that can be used only once are produced He says India has mandated use of auto-disable syringes in government facilities
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea says its scientists have concluded their investigation into the failure of the country 's long-range rocket launch last week , but it declined to divulge why the flight ended in a trail of debris strewn across the sea . Experts have "  wound up the specific and scientific probe into the cause " of the rocket 's failure to put a satellite into orbit , the official Korean Central News Agency said in a report late Thursday without elaborating on what the cause was . Pyongyang had insisted that the purpose of the launch was to send an "  earth observation satellite " into space . But the United States , South Korea and Japan called the operation a ballistic missile test in disguise . "  All the scientific and technological data and precious experience gained this time will serve as a very precious boon to space development and a reliable guarantee for greater success in the days ahead , " the KCNA report said , citing an unidentified spokesman for the Korean Committee for Space Technology . The rocket flew for only about a minute and half after its take off on April 13 before it broke into pieces above the Yellow Sea . On Monday , the U.N. Security Council condemned the failed launch , saying it was "  a serious violation " of previous council resolutions and "  has caused grave security concerns in the region . " North Korea said in the state media report Thursday that it had "  never recognized " the U.N. resolution on the matter , describing it as "  a product of sinister intentions of the hostile forces . "	A North Korean rocket broke apart soon after take off last week Pyongyang says experts have concluded their investigation into the failure It does n't give an explanation for why the launch failed The U.N. Security Council says the move was a "  serious violation " of resolutions
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro initially rejected a colostomy procedure when he fell ill in 2006 , putting his own life at risk , according to an unnamed medical source quoted by U.S. diplomats in cables released by WikiLeaks . The cables were made available by the Spanish newspaper El Pais Thursday . In one cable dated March 16 , 2007 , almost eight months after Castro was forced to cede power to his younger brother , the head of the American diplomatic mission quotes unnamed sources as saying the elder Castro fell ill on a short domestic flight after a long day of giving speeches . "  They had to land urgently once they knew of his bleeding , " the cable says . "  He was diagnosed with diverticulitis of the colon . " Four of the five diplomatic missives were sent from the U.S. Interests Section in Havana . The United States does not have formal diplomatic relations with Cuba . Castro 's health has long been considered a state secret , and for months there was wild speculation about his illness . But by the time the March cable was written , it was widely believed that he was suffering from diverticulitis . The same cable quotes an unnamed medical source as saying that Castro "  wo n't die immediately , but will progressively lose his faculties and become ever more debilitated until he dies . " The author of the cable , U.S. diplomat Michael Parmly , adds , "  We are missing too many variables to be able to predict accurately how many more months Fidel Castro will live . " More than three years later , Castro is alive and well . He has not resumed power , but he began to appear fairly regularly in public in July to deliver speeches on global affairs , particularly about his fear of a looming nuclear war . The cable also says that it was Castro himself who initially rejected a colostomy , a procedure in which one end of the large intestine is surgically cut and brought outside the body through the abdomen . A bag attached to the opening collects waste . The decision was backed by Castro 's main doctor , the cable said , but opposed by the rest of the medical team . "  Fidel Castro , capriciously , did not permit the colostomy , " the missive said . Diverticulitis is the swelling of pouches in the lining of the intestine that are formed as a result of abnormal pressure in the colon . A colostomy is sometimes recommended in the treatment of diverticulitis if the colon wall is perforated or if an abscess is formed . Instead , the cables said , Castro chose to undergo an operation to remove the infected part of the colon and splice it back together . "  With the passage of time , as the colon was infected , the operation collapsed and the reattached part separated . They had to operate again , but found a fistula , " according to the cable . A fistula is an abnormal connection between two separate parts inside that body that can occur due to inflammation , injury or infection , according to the U.S. National Institutes of Health . Castro himself has since said that he was on death 's door and had to undergo various operations because the first one did n't work .	The decision risked Castro 's life , the cables say The cables were published by WikiLeaks A colostomy is sometimes recommended to treat diverticulitis
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- For years Ahmad has been unable to find true love . So the 27 year-old bachelor who lives in Tehran is turning to a professional matchmaker . Jafar Ardabili 's matchmaking service provides one option for Iranian singles . "  I 'm searching for a love that lasts , " Ahmad said . What 's unusual is Ahmad 's matchmaker wears a turban , a robe and could be the first-ever Iranian cleric who plays cupid . "  First they say ` wow ' , " Jafar Ardabili said , "  then they take a closer look and say ` since he 's a cleric we have faith in him . ' " Ardabili made his first love match 10 years ago while he taught at a Tehran university . One of his students had a crush on a person , so Ardabili arranged for the two to meet . A few months later they married . The set-up worked so well that Ardabili and his wife opened the Amin International Family and Cultural Institute , a service that matched Iranian singles in a supervised setting . In Iran , Islamic law restricts social interaction . "  You ca n't just go after someone in public and say would you like to live with me ? " Ardabili said . "  Especially the women , who often do n't have any right to choose their companion , but in our institute women do have the right to choose . " Ahmad would love nothing more than one of those women to choose him . On a Thursday morning he anxiously sat in the institute 's waiting room . Ardabili had arranged for Ahmad to meet a young lady . Could she be the one ? Ahmad had paid a $ 100 fee , submitted a picture and his information . In return he has access to thousands of other applicants . Once applicants approve of one another 's pictures and profiles Ardabili arranges up to two meetings inside his office . After each meeting , the applicants report back to Ardabili . "  When there 's no connection they look like wrinkled potatoes , " Ardabili said . And when cupid 's arrow hits the mark ? "  They look very eager . They 're as happy as an ice cream cone . " Watch Ardabili describe how his service works " The third meeting for couples takes place outside the institute without supervision . If all goes well , Ardabili arranges for the families to meet and then the couple ties the knot . "  You feel good because you 're serving humanity , " Ardabili said . Ardabili said that during the past 10 years his institute has had more than 50,000 applicants . More than 2,000 of his couples have married without a single divorce , he said . Ardabili gave credit to his 10-member staff that offers counseling to married couples , even sex therapy . "  We want to reduce divorce , give families a strong foundation , " Ardabili said . On his Web site , Tehran 's matchmaking mullah has posted wedding pictures of some of his success stories . Ahmad ca n't wait to see his picture among them . "  At this very moment I 'm counting down the days . "	Iranian cleric , wife runs matchmaking service Service offers option for social interaction between Iranian singles Cleric claims his service has married 2,000 couples without a divorce
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- In between consoling those touched by Saturday 's Arizona shooting and warning the nation against politicizing the tragedy , President Barack Obama delivered some good news in his address at a Tucson memorial event on Wednesday . Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona has opened her eyes for the first time since being shot four days ago . "  There is nothing I can say that will fill the sudden hole torn in your hearts , " Obama said . "  But know this : The hopes of a nation are here tonight . " Did you watch the speech ? Share your thoughts in a short video The attack killed six and left Giffords fighting for her life . Obama told a crowd of thousands that he visited Giffords earlier on Wednesday and that her husband told him that shortly after the president left her room , "  Gabby opened her eyes for the first time . " "  Gabby opened her eyes so I can tell you know she knows we are here , she knows that we love her and she knows that we are rooting for her through what will undoubtedly be a difficult journey , " Obama said . Obama and his wife , Michelle , sat next to Giffords ' husband , astronaut Mark Kelly , throughout the ceremony , and next to Daniel Hernandez , an intern in Giffords ' office who tended to the congresswoman 's wounds after she was shot . Obama called Hernandez a hero in his speech Wednesday , though Hernandez rejected that description in an earlier speech at the memorial event . The president spoke at the University of Arizona 's McKale Memorial Center , which the school said held just under 14,000 people on Wednesday night , with an overflow crowd of 13,000 outside . Obama spoke about Giffords and briefly eulogized each of those killed in the attack before moving on to warn Americans against assigning blame for the attacks to those other than the gunman . "  At a time when our discourse has become so sharply polarized -- at a time when we are far too eager to lay the blame for all that ails the world at the feet of those who think differently than we do -- it 's important for us to pause for a moment and make sure that we are talking with each other in a way that heals , not a way that wounds , " Obama said . "  Scripture tells us that there is evil in the world , and that terrible things happen for reasons that defy human understanding , " he said . " ... Bad things happen , and we must guard against simple explanations in the aftermath . " "  What we ca n't do is use this tragedy as one more occasion to turn on one another , " he said later . Obama 's speech was frequently punctuated by applause and cheers from the crowd , at times seeming to belie the somber reason for the memorial . But Obama sounded an uplifting tone , saying of the victims : "  Our hearts are broken by their sudden passing . Our hearts are broken -- and yet , our hearts also have reason for fullness . " Beyond Hernandez , the president praised those who tackled the gunman as he stopped to reload and the medical staff who treated the wounded . "  These men and women remind us that heroism is found not only on the fields of battle , " Obama said . "  They remind us that heroism does not require special training or physical strength . Heroism is here , all around us , in the hearts of so many of our fellow citizens , just waiting to be summoned -- as it was on Saturday morning . " "  It was pretty much what the nation needed to hear at this time , " said Lorenzo Cotton , a retired architect who attended the speech . "  Tucson is a great place with a lot of great people , " Cotton said , adding that Obama 's speech "  put Tucson back in a positive light . It is a community and it is a place where we all get along and , together , care for each other . " Other public officials took the stage before Obama , with many invoking scripture . "  We will remember how to smile again , " Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said . "  We will go forward together . " Secretary of Homeland Security and former Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano , Brewer 's predecessor as governor , read from the book of Isaiah , while Attorney General Eric Holder reads from the Second Letter of Paul to the Corinthians . The crowd was dotted with other prominent Arizonans , including Sen. John McCain and retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor . Earlier Wednesday afternoon , the Obamas visited with Giffords and with other survivors of the shooting and the medical staff that treated them at Tucson 's University Medical Center . Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , said they were with the congresswoman when she opened her eyes for the first time since the shooting . "  You could see she was focusing and Mark said , ` Gabby if you can see me , give me the thumbs up ' and not only did she give the thumbs up she raised her entire hand , " Gillibrand said , referring to Giffords ' husband . "  The doctors could n't believe it , " Gillibrand said . "  She went from opening her eyes really just in slits to opening them nearly fully . " Obama visited about 100 people at the hospital , a White House aide said . Napolitano and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi traveled with the Obamas . Giffords ' recovery is "  going as anticipated , " and doctors are seeing what they want to see so far , the hospital treating her said earlier in the day . Peter Rhee , chief of emergency medicine at University Medical Center in Tucson , said "  none of the downward events have occurred at this time " in her recovery . Doctors have decreased the amount of sedation they are giving her , and she is "  becoming more and more spontaneous all the time , " Rhee added . Also Wednesday , Giffords ' congressional office released a statement thanking Americans for their support since the shooting . "  The outpouring of support from the people of Arizona and Americans across the country has been truly moving , " the statement said . "  We appreciate everyone 's thoughts and prayers during this difficult time . " Giffords ' office acknowledged the bipartisan response in the Congress to the tragedy . " ... Starting with Speaker Boehner and Leader Pelosi , staff and Members from both sides of the aisle have reached out in words and deeds to help our office in our time of need , " the statement said . Of the six patients the hospital is still treating from Saturday 's shooting , Giffords is the only one in critical condition . Two others are in serious condition , the other three are in fair condition , Rhee said . A 9-year-old girl and Arizona 's chief federal judge , John Roll , were among those killed at a constituent meeting Giffords was holding at a Tucson supermarket . Authorities say Giffords was the target of Saturday 's shooting . Thirteen people suffered gunshot wounds , the Pima County Sheriff said in a statement Tuesday night . Some other people were injured trying to flee the scene , the sheriff said . Tucson resident Jared Loughner , 22 , has been charged in the attack . Giffords ' Chief of Staff Pia Carusone , meanwhile , said the Giffords family is "  very strong , very supportive . You know , she 's a young , healthy person who is not only physically strong , but mentally resilient and , you know , they 're rising to the occasion . " Carusone added , "  They 've got a long road ahead of them , not just the physical recovery , but the tragedy that this community is having to absorb is -- it 's monumental and it 's going to be ... a difficult thing to get through . " Meanwhile , Arizona state lawmakers passed legislation Tuesday barring protesters at funerals from getting within 300 feet of services . Brewer , who visited the injured Tuesday , later signed the bill . The action , according to Arizona House Republican spokesman Daniel Scarpinato , was in direct response to the controversial Westboro Baptist Church 's announcement that it would picket the funeral of 9-year-old victim Christina Green on Thursday . Shirley Phelps-Roper , a spokeswoman for Westboro , told CNN that the church has decided not to protest at the girl 's funeral . She said her group made a deal with a radio host not to protest there in exchange for airtime . However , she said church members would protest at the funeral of U.S. District Judge John Roll and other victims on Friday . The Steve Sanchez Radio Show on KXXT AM in Phoenix offered the group 30 minutes on his show on Saturday in exchange for not protesting at Green 's funeral . The deal was established through an e-mail exchange , which was forwarded to CNN . In one e-mail , a representative of the show informs Phelps-Roper that the group will have to avoid profanity and that the platform will "  allow you to express your views and allow you as guest and Steve Sanchez as host to have a civil dialogue and discord . " Phelps-Roper responded that the group had no problem with the rules . CNN 's John Sutter contributed to this report .	Obama says Rep. Giffords has opened her eyes for first time since shooting Obama says that "  Scripture tells us that there is evil in the world " Rep. Giffords ' recovery is "  going as anticipated , " the hospital says The Obamas visited Giffords in the hospital
CNN  -- The Atlantic Ocean , hurricane-wise , has been relatively quiet this season . But not the northeastern Pacific . On Saturday , the 12th storm so far this summer and fall grew to hurricane status -- not threatening anything on land yet , though it would certainly be understandable if folks on the Mexican coast with fresh memories of Hurricane Odile are a little spooked . As of 2 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  , Hurricane Rachel was centered well offshore about 460 miles west-southwest of the southern tip of Baja California , according to the U.S. National Hurricane Center . It boasted 75 mph sustained winds , an uptick from earlier , as it churned north-northwest at an 8 mph clip . It is expected to continue in this direction , and get a little slower , through Sunday , though "  little motion " is expected come Monday . There are no coastal watches or warnings in effect . And there may not be any to come , given it 's far from land and has fairly limited movement . The hurricane center 's discussion notes that Rachel "  does not have much time to strengthen further , given that it will be moving over gradually cooler waters and into a drier and more stable environment during the next day or so . " The forecast called for the storm to weaken by Sunday afternoon . Still , even a hint of potential tropical trouble might cause headaches in the region . While the northwest Atlantic and Caribbean have only have had four hurricanes -- Arthur , Bertha , Cristobal and Edouard -- this summer and fall , the northeast Pacific has been a different story . The region 's most recent big hit came compliments of Hurricane Odile . Less than two weeks ago , Odile snapped palm trees , washed out roads , trashed outdoor markets and damaged facilities , including the Los Cabos airport . Many tourists found themselves stranded in popular Baja California resorts , unable to get anywhere because of the storm .	Rachel strengthens into a hurricane , centered 460 miles off Mexico 's coast There are no current coastal warnings , as the storm spins north-northwest It 's the 12th hurricane of the northeastern Pacific season ; the Atlantic has 4
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova set up a U.S. Open semifinal clash with world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka after battling past French 11th seed Marion Bartoli on Wednesday . Third seed Sharapova was taken to three sets by the 2007 Wimbledon finalist , who had raced to a 4-0 lead in the first set when their quarterfinal match was halted by rain on Tuesday . Bartoli duly closed out the opener , but Sharapova fought back to claim the match 3-6 6-3 6-4 after two and a half hours . She has now won 12 successive times in matches that have gone to three sets since her third-round defeat in New York last year , and 24 out of 25 since the start of 2011 . "  I think the rain delay gave me some time to think about things , " the French Open champion said . "  I came out so flat yesterday , and she was playing so well . I just played a bad four games , but I knew the match was n't over and had a chance to come back and turn things around . " Sharapova will be seeking revenge for her thrashing by Azarenka in the final of the opening grand slam of the season in Australia , but has lost four successive matches in straight sets to the Belorussian on hard courts . "  Tough challenge , " she admitted . "  She beat me in Australia quite easily and I would love to get my revenge at a grand slam . " The Russian reached the last four at Flushing Meadows for the first time since 2006 , when she claimed the second of her four grand slam successes . In June she beat Sara Errani in the final at Roland Garros to complete a full set of the majors , and she could potentially face the Italian again in a title match in New York . However , the 10th seed must get past the imposing figure of Serena Williams , who needed less than an hour to dispose of fellow former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic in the closing quarterfinal . The American , seeking her fourth U.S. Open title but first since 2008 , demolished the Serbian 6-1 6-3 . "  I felt much better moving , " said the Wimbledon and Olympic champion after winning 26 of her 29 first-serve points and firing 12 aces . "  I was excited I 'm moving faster . Feels good . I felt solid . "  I feel like I 'm going to get more focused and serious and start playing ` Serena tennis ' in the next couple of rounds , if I get to play two rounds . That 's my goal . " Errani has lost all three meetings with the 14-time grand slam champion , with two of those on hard courts in 2009 . She became the first Italian to reach a grand slam semifinal outside of the French Open after beating compatriot , best friend and doubles partner Roberta Vinci 6-2 6-4 . "  A quarterfinal with your best friend is difficult , " Errani said . "  There was a lot of tension . We know each other very well and have played together many times . "  Normally when we walk out on the court we go together and we speak -- today was a bit strange , especially to see her on the other side of the net . " They have reached the semifinals of the doubles event in New York , and next week Errani will be ranked as the format 's top player for the first time , with Vinci No. 2 . "  It 's the best year of my life . I 'm playing very well and my ranking is very high , " said the 25-year-old , who has won four singles titles in 2012 . "  I just go on the court , fight the best I can and that 's it -- and by winning more matches I get more confidence , and with that you go on the court thinking you can win more than before . " Meanwhile , 12th seed Ivanovic was able to take positives from her defeat , having reached the last eight of a grand slam for the first time since her breakthrough victory at the 2008 French Open . "  Overall I 'm very satisfied , " said the Serbian , who had never before featured in the New York quarterfinals and who at one stage dropped out of the top 50 . "  I played some really good tennis to get into this position , and even tonight I felt I was striking the ball so nicely on both sides . That 's something I 've worked hard for . It 's a big step for me . "	Maria Sharapova battles past Marion Bartoli in U.S. Open quarterfinals Russian third seed into semis for the first time since her 2006 title in New York She will face world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , who beat her in Australian Open final Olympic champion Serena Williams will play Sara Errani in the other semifinal
CNN  Some fans of Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown , saying the "  ugly " likeness does not do justice to the "  I Love Lucy " star . The life-size bronze statue in Celoron , New York , has been likened to Conway Twitty , the snake from "  Beetlejuice " and actor Steve Buscemi , among other unflattering comparisons . Even Mayor Scott Schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue , which shows the comic star holding a bottle of fictional nutrition elixir Vitameatavegamin . And yet , it has been a tourist draw since 2009 for Celoron , the comedian 's birthplace , attracting visitors who pose with the statue for pictures . A resident of Jamestown , where Ball grew up , started the Facebook page in 2012 "  We Love Lucy ! Get Rid of this Statue , " seeking to get rid of the "  ugly " statue . A story about the group on Yahoo! News this week spread through the internet , reviving debate over what to do with the statue . The founder of the Facebook group would like to see the statue replaced with a new one outside a planned Comedy Hall of Fame in Jamestown , home to the Lucy-Desi Museum & Center for Comedy and the annual Lucille Ball Comedy Festival . The founder requested anonymity , saying the issue is "  not about me ; it 's about the statue . " "  Lucille Ball was one of the most talented , beautiful , funny women who ever appeared on television ; a pioneer , a giant of television . My only goal is to have a sculpture of her in Jamestown which does her justice , " the group 's founder told CNN . "  This statue in Celoron is not fixable . I love my hometown and I Love Lucy . Let 's get a new statue that is a real tribute to her memory as the Comedy Queen of Television . " A Buffalo News columnist vouched for the sentiment , saying "  its deranged grimace and jagged teeth inspire more dread than reverence . " "  No one here much likes the statue , and one look tells you why . It looks more like an extra from ` The Walking Dead ' than arguably the most famous comic actress of all time , " Colin Dabkowski wrote Saturday . Still , residents take pride in their claim to fame , "  even if some of them privately wish that the statue commemorating her would be struck by lightning . " The artist who created the statue did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . In a post this week , the Facebook group founder said the point was not to "  disparage " the artist or his work . But , in this case , "  this Lucy statue is just not up to his usual work . " Schrecengost told the local Post-Journal that he reached out to the artist over the years about redoing the statue . "  He finally came back and said he wanted $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 to do it . I 've also reached out to several other sculptors in the region , and some said they would do it , but we 're still looking at about $ 5,000 , " he told the newspaper . "  We 'd like to work with the original sculptor and wish he would stand behind his work enough to step up and fix it for free . "	Facebook group wants Lucille Ball statue replaced with a new one Mayor says he does not want to spend taxpayer money on fixing statue
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. authorities have ratcheted up pressure on one of Mexico 's most notorious drug cartels , releasing new details about the so-called Gulf Cartel 's operations and offering up to a $ 50 million reward for the arrest of its leaders . These are weapons that the Mexican army said it seized from the ruthless Gulf Cartel in 2008 . A federal indictment unsealed Monday charged Miguel Trevino Morales , a leader of the northern Mexico-based Gulf Cartel , of operating a criminal enterprise , cocaine distribution and firearms violations . Concurrently , prosecutors updated a separate indictment against three other top leaders of the Gulf Cartel : Antonio Cardenas Guillen , Jorge Eduardo Costilla and Heriberto Lazcano , for drug trafficking related crimes , all believed to be at large in Mexico . Fifteen other suspected cartel members are also named in that indictment . "  We have learned that the most effective way to disrupt and dismantle criminal organizations is to prosecute their leaders and seize their funding , " Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer said in a statement . To that end , the departments of justice , state and treasury are working together to place pressure on the Gulf Cartel and what authorities describe as its ruthless enforcement arm , known as Los Zetas . The Department of the Treasury designated the four top bosses named in the indictments as Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers , which authorizes the freezing of any assets they hold in the United States and other sanctions . The Gulf Cartel and Zetas , nicknamed collectively as "  The Company , " are among the major drug cartels that are behind the drug-related violence that has swept Mexico in recent years , according to authorities . Since taking office in 2006 , Mexican President Felipe Calderon has made fighting the cartels a major priority . The group also operates in cities across the United States , authorities said . The court documents detail telephone conversations between the four leaders and more than a dozen other cartel members allegedly discussing the transportation and smuggling of cocaine and marijuana into the United States . "  These indictments allege a stunning and sophisticated operation by ` The Company ' to move illegal drugs into our communities and cash back to Mexico , " Breuer said . The State Department is offering a rewards totaling up to $ 50 million for information leading to the capture of four top leaders and six other cartel lieutenants .	U.S. authorities ratchet up the pressure on Mexico 's notorious Gulf Cartel Federal indictment names leader , three other top players in drug cartel Plan to disrupt cartel : "  Prosecute their leaders and seize their funding " Enforcement arm of cartel is known as Los Zetas ; cartel operates in U.S. cities
Favored haunt of James Bond , gamblers , luxury yacht owners and Grace Kelly fans , Monaco looks increasingly set to also become the preferred destination of any self-respecting world class footballer . And who can blame them . What 's not to like about the chance to strut your stuff in one of the world 's most glamorous locations -- and not pay tax on your wages . Monaco have come a long way in a very short space of time and , with the money the club 's Russian owner Dmitry Rybolovlev has to spend , it is a team that has every chance of upsetting the status quo in French football next season . When Rybolovlev -- worth $ 9.1 billion , according to Forbes -- bought a majority stake in the seven-time French champions in December 2011 , Monaco were bottom of French football 's second tier . Fast forward a couple of years and Monaco have served notice of the extent of their ambitions by spending close to $ 180 million on signing Atletico Madrid striker Radamel Falcao , as well as Porto pair Joao Moutinho and James Rodriguez . This , just a matter of weeks after wrapping up the second-flight title , with a young side coached by experienced Italian Claudio Ranieri . "  It 's hard to think of a more serious statement of intent , " former Monaco chief executive Tor-Kristian Karlsen told CNN . "  Falcao is simply the best out-and-out center forward in the world . With a signing of this caliber  Real Madrid 's experienced Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho will also play for Monaco next season  , French football will seriously start closing the gap on the top European leagues . " These are signings that are likely to give newly crowned French champions Paris Saint-Germain , another club revived by massive investment , a run for their money in defending their Ligue 1 title . "  Everything is possible , " said Karlsen . "  The team that won Ligue 2 -- even without the new acquisitions -- would have stabilized itself in the top eight of Ligue 1 . "  But one should allow for the team to settle in the top half of Ligue 1 before expecting silverware , " added Karlsen , who left Monaco in February after just over a year at the club . Monaco 's upwardly mobile progression evokes memories of Chelsea 's transformation after another Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich took control in 2003 . In financial peril before the Russian oligarch arrived , Chelsea 's trophy cabinet room is now brim to overflowing with 11 cups captured in the space of 10 years during the Abramovich era . Though at a no little cost . Abramovich has gone through nine managers , not to mention an estimated $ 1.5 billion of investment in players and wages . When Abramovich took charge of Chelsea , Ranieri was in charge of the team , but was sacked after one season and replaced by Jose Mourinho -- despite having led the club to second in the Premier League and to the semifinals of the Champions League . "  Ranieri is an excellent manager , " said Karlsen , who stepped down from the chief executive role before the club 's promotion due to personal reasons . "  He was -- and , in my opinion , still is -- the ideal manager for this project . "  The experience , the class , the professionalism he brought has been immensely important , " added Karlsen , who had previously been Monaco 's sporting director before his promotion to the chief executive role in September . "  He is very pragmatic , is aware of the politics of the game and just as importantly he 's a great ambassador . " Not that Monaco 's "  grand projet " has been universally welcomed by all in French football . Under the principality 's laws , foreigners do not pay tax on their wages and that has put Monaco at odds with the French Football Federation  FFF  and the French League  LFP  after the latter organization ruled that the club must move their head office to France by the start of June next year . "  Monaco has enjoyed a position in French football that is totally unfair and that has n't been questioned , " France Football 's English correspondent Philippe Auclair told CNN . "  The club has enjoyed an unfair advantage over every French club . Monaco should be subjected to the same tax regime as the other clubs in Ligue 1 , " added Auclair , who acknowledged that the French football authorities have allowed this anomaly to go on for too long . "  In any other country this would be unthinkable . Imagine if Welsh clubs Cardiff and Swansea did n't operate under the same taxation regime as the other 18 English Premier League clubs ? "  The league has a perfect right to ask Monaco for this and the law should have been applied a long time ago . " But Monaco are refusing to play ball and have threatened to take legal action over the dispute . "  As part of this legal action , ASM FC will be seeking the annulment of the LFP 's decision of March 21 requiring the club to establish its headquarters in France , as well as a claim for damages from the LFP as compensation for financial and commercial losses suffered as a result of that decision , " Monaco said in a statement earlier this month . Monaco said French Federation president Noel Le Graet , "  acting on behalf of both the FFF and the LFP , demanded from AS Monaco FC a huge payment of $ 258 million in return for ending the current conflict without the club having to relocate its headquarters to France in order to remain in the French Championship . " Neither Le Graet or the LFP responded to CNN 's request for comment . The French Football Federation then issued a statement , insisting it was Monaco who brought up the figure . "  The FFF had decided  on April 18  to set up a meeting between the Federation , the French Professional League  LFP  and AS Monaco FC . Preliminary talks started with representatives from AS Monaco FC , during which the sum of $ 258 million was mentioned by AS Monaco FC , " said the FFF . "  My personal opinion is that AS Monaco has been treated disgracefully by the French football authorities , " said Karlsen . "  What Monaco are doing is to the wider benefit of the French game . "  French football should welcome this foreign investment -- it makes the league stronger , improves the competitive balance and brings much-needed global exposure . " Karlsen suggested that the French authorities were in danger of "  shooting themselves in the foot , " pointing out that when he was working for the club , Monaco had spent $ 6.4 million on Delvin N'Dinga from Auxerre . "  At the time Auxerre were struggling financially and on the brink of going out of business . "  Before the signing of Falcao , Moutinho and Rodriguez , I suspect the strategy had been to sign mainly French players from the domestic transfer market , but the club may well have reversed that strategy due to the scandalously poor treatment they have recently received from the French football authorities . " Before Rybolovlev 's arrival , Monaco had been regular participants in European club competition until a steady decline set in , culminating in their relegation to Ligue 2 in 2011 . "  Rybolovlev is very analytical and studious , " said Karlsen of his former boss . "  He comes from a family of doctors and that is the way he has built his businesses -- by careful analysis . "  He 's an avid student of the game . Whenever you go to his office you 'll always find analytical books on the subject of football on his table , I 'm obviously not talking about books like ` Fever Pitch , ' " said Karlsen , referring to Nick Hornby 's book about football fandom . "  He is very knowledgeable about football and for him the strategy is quite simple -- to be successful , " added the Norwegian , who before joining Monaco as technical director in January 2012 worked as a scout for Zenit St. Petersburg . "  Since he took over , the financial commitment has been amazing . "  He has always delivered on his promise to be successful and he wo n't settle for second best . " However given Monaco 's average attendance last season was just over 5,000 , the question remains how Monaco will meet UEFA 's Financial Fair Play rules , which requires clubs to only spend money they earn , if and when the principality club qualifies for Europe . For now , though , those few thousand Monaco supporters can look forward to the treat of watching some of Europe 's finest players .	Monaco looks set to become preferred destination of world class footballers Russian owner Dmitry Rybolovlev is worth $ 9.1 billion according to Forbes Under the principality 's laws , foreigners do not pay tax on their wages French Football Federation  FFF  rule the club must move their head office to France
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Ten French soldiers were killed Tuesday in fighting near the Afghan capital of Kabul after 100 insurgents attacked a patrol , authorities said . French soldiers patrol in Afghanistan in May 2008 . French and NATO authorities confirmed the deaths and said 21 other soldiers were wounded in the fighting in the Sarobi area in Kabul province , about 30 miles northeast of the capital . The clashes began late Monday afternoon and continued into Tuesday , when the casualties occurred , French officials said . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said his "  determination is intact " to continue "  this battle against terrorism for democracy and liberty . " "  The cause is just . It is an honor for France and its armies to defend them , " said Sarkozy , who will travel Tuesday night to Afghanistan , the Defense Ministry said . Last month , nine U.S. soldiers were killed in fighting in eastern Afghanistan . U.S. , British , Canadian and Dutch troops have been engaged in much of the combat in Afghanistan . The United States has been urging other countries in the NATO-led alliance to help ease the burdens of those troops on the front lines . About 1,670 French troops serve in Afghanistan under NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , according to ISAF 's Web site . Before this incident , a total of 12 French troops had died in several incidents during the Afghan war , mostly in combat . As for the latest fighting , NATO said the initial patrol -- which included Afghan forces -- had been "  reinforced with quick reaction forces , close air support and mobile medical teams . " It said "  a large number of insurgents were killed . " Gen. Zahir Azimi , an Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman , said Tuesday that Afghan army forces rushed to the battle scene soon after the attack took place . He said 27 militants were killed and 14 were wounded in the fighting , and 13 of the bodies were recovered by the Afghan army . He said one of the dead militants was identified as a Pakistani national . The Taliban posted a Web statement saying its forces attacked an "  American " convoy , killing 20 soldiers and destroying five military tanks . It also said foreign forces later Tuesday bombarded the region and killed five Taliban militants and several civilians . The fighting came after authorities tightened security on Monday in anticipation of militant attacks on the country 's Independence Day . Several suicide bombers struck an American base about 12 miles from the border with Pakistan in Khost province on Tuesday , but U.S. and Afghan forces repelled the onslaught . Seven insurgents were killed in the attack on Forward Operating Base Salerno , including three suicide bombers who blew themselves up after forces from the base encountered them more than 3,000 feet from the base , ISAF said in a statement . U.S. and Afghan troops noticed the approaching militants by their "  special behavior , " the spokesman said . Helicopters flew in to attack them , the force said . ISAF said it suffered no casualties . Gov. Arsallah Jamal of Khost province said four commandos -- presumably Afghans -- were wounded when the militants struck late Monday . A Taliban spokesman , Zabiullah Mujahid , said 15 suicide bombers with small arms and machine guns entered the base and inflicted heavy casualties -- claims that the NATO-led force and Khost governor dismissed . That attack came after a suicide car bombing outside the same base killed 10 Afghan civilians and wounded 13 others Monday , the U.S. military said . Two other would-be bombers were killed before they could carry out attacks , Jamal said . Afghan forces stopped a second would-be car bomb near the base , performed a controlled detonation and detained a suspect , the NATO-led force said . This comes as a source from the Afghan Defense Ministry , who declined to be named , confirmed that Pakistani army chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani arrived in Kabul on Tuesday morning to meet with Afghan and NATO military officials . In southern Afghanistan , a suicide bomber struck a Canadian foot patrol on Tuesday in the Kandahar province district of Panjwayee , local police said . The bomber and an Afghan interpreter for NATO forces were killed and a NATO soldier and a child were wounded , police said . The attack occurred as troops chatted with villagers in the district 's main bazaar . The Taliban , in a Web statement , said 11 foreign soldiers were killed or wounded in the attack . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report .	NEW : ` This cause is just , ' French President Sarkozy says NEW : Sarkozy to travel to Afghanistan Tuesday night NEW : Officials dismiss Taliban claim of 15 suicide bombers entering base 10 French soldiers killed as fighting flares around holiday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A four-year-old boy in a Hong Kong isolation ward has tested negative for a SARS-like virus that infected two people in the Middle East , the government said on Monday . The illness was instead confirmed to be an influenza infection , Hong Kong 's Centre for Health Protection said and not a case of novel coronavirus -- which belongs to the same family of viruses that caused the 2003 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome  SARS  . The newly discovered virus killed a 60-year-old Saudi national in June and has left a 49-year-old man from Qatar who had traveled to Saudi Arabia in a critical condition in a London hospital . The boy arrived in Hong Kong from Jeddah , Saudi Arabia with his father on October 3 and was admitted to the emergency room of Ruttonjee Hospital on Sunday with a fever , cough and vomiting . He was later put in isolation at a different hospital . New SARS-like illness poses medical mystery Hong Kong , which was at the epicenter of the 2003 SARS outbreak , takes disease control very seriously and put health workers on alert after the World Health Organization first reported the virus 's discovery on September 23 . The outbreak of SARS , which killed 299 people in Hong Kong and 800 worldwide , also dealt a severe economic blow , emptying the normally bustling city 's shopping malls , restaurants and schools . The WHO said that while from the same family , the new virus is distinct from SARS . It said it was investigating the possibility of transmission from animals but , unlike SARS , there is no evidence yet that the novel coronavirus has been transmitted from person to person . A Hong Kong University researcher , Yuen Kwok-yung said last month that the new virus is closely related to two bat viruses found a few years ago in Hong Kong , according to the South China Morning Post . SARS was though to have jumped species from the civet , a member of the cat family .	Boy tests negative for SARS-like virus that has infected two in Middle East Four-year-old arrived in Hong Kong from Saudi Arabia with his father last week Hong Kong was at epicenter of 2003 SARS outbreak
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As the first splinters of sunlight spread their warmth on the south bank of the River Thames on Thursday , it became clear that after more than a century , the vision of Victorian engineer Alexander Stanhope St. George had finally been realized . The Telectroscope lets Londoners and New Yorkers see each other in real time . In all its optical brilliance and brass and wood , there stood the Telectroscope : an 11.2-meter -  37 feet  long by 3.3-meter -  11 feet  tall dream of a device allowing people on one side of the Atlantic to look into its person-size lens and , in real time , see those on the other side via a recently completed tunnel running under the ocean .  Think 19th-century Webcam . Or maybe Victorian-age video phone . And all the credit goes to British artist Paul St. George . If he had not been rummaging through great-grandpa Alexander 's personal effects a few years ago , the Telectroscope might still exist only on paper , hidden away deep inside some old box . But fortunately , St. George could not bear that thought and thus decided he should be the one to finish what his great-grandfather had started . It was quite simply the right thing to do . Plus , it would make a pretty cool public art exhibit . Send us your videos , images or stories During the twilight hours Tuesday , massive dirt-covered metal drill bits miraculously emerged -- one by the Thames near the Tower Bridge and the other on Fulton Ferry Landing by the Brooklyn Bridge in New York -- completing the final sections of great-grandfather Alexander 's transatlantic tunnel . The drills were removed Wednesday night and replaced with identical Telectroscopes at both ends , allowing Londoners and New Yorkers to wake up Thursday , look over to the far and distant shore and stare at each other for a while  the telescope-like contraption permits visual but not vocal communication  . Of course , only part of this story is true . St. George is an artist in Britain who does have a grandfather -- minus the great prefix -- named Alexander . And the trans-Atlantic tunnel is really a trans-Atlantic broadband network rounded off on each end with HD cameras , according to Tiscali , an Italian Internet provider handling the technical side of the project . As for the Telectroscope , well , it was a fanciful idea that , according to St. George , came about from a typo made by a 19th-century reporter who misspelled Electroscope , a device used to measure electrostatic charges - as Telectroscope . "  The journalist also misunderstood what it was about and wrote in the article that it was a device for the suppression of absence , " St. George said . "  The accidental hope captured their imagination , and lots of people at the end of the 19th century thought it was a great idea . " The Telectroscope captured St. George 's imagination five years ago , when he began pondering how to do a project on the childhood fantasy of digging a hole to the opposite side of the Earth . And because the artist also happens to have an expertise in Victorian chronophotography -- a precursor to cinematography -- he had a slight idea of where to look for the proper equipment . "  We all have that idea in our head if we could make a tunnel to the other side of the Earth , " St. George said . "  But we are not all crazy enough to actually try and do it . " St. George was crazy enough to actually try and do it , but he realized he could not do the digging alone . So about two years ago , he pitched the idea to Artichoke , the British arts group responsible for taking the Sultan 's Elephant -- a 42-ton mechanical creature -- for a stroll through central London in 2006 . The company was immediately taken by St. George 's idea . "  The whole thing is about seeing what is real and what is n't real and how the world is , " said Nicki Webb , a co-founder of Artichoke . "  Is it nighttime when we are in daytime , and does it look familiar to us or not ? " When the sun illuminated the lens of the Telectroscope next to the Thames , it was , of course , still nighttime in New York . So the screen inside the scope broadcast back only an empty sidewalk silently framed by the Brooklyn Bridge and the Manhattan skyline . But then something miraculous occurred . A police officer and a street cleaner walked into the frame . Stopped . And waved . The Telectroscope will be on display and open to the public 24 hours a day in London and New York until June 15 . Artichoke is arranging requests to synchronize special reunions between friends and family or , the company hopes , maybe even a marriage proposal .	Telectroscope allows Londoners , New Yorkers to see each other in real time Giant scope was Victorian age idea , came about when reporter made typo Artist St. George inspired by childhood notion of digging to other side of Earth
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Scott Brown was sworn in Thursday as the new U.S. senator from Massachusetts to fill the seat formerly held by the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , and immediately signaled opposition to President Obama 's spending plans . Brown 's new Senate colleagues applauded after the ceremony on the floor of the Senate chamber conducted by Vice President Joe Biden , in his capacity as president of the Senate . Democratic Sen. John Kerry , also of Massachusetts , and Brown 's wife , Gail Huff , accompanied Brown into the chamber . At a news conference after the ceremony , Brown thanked Massachusetts voters who gave him a surprise victory in the January 19 special election in a state that had not elected a Republican senator since 1972 . "  I ca n't promise I 'll be right in every vote I make . I 'm sure I 'll make mistakes from time to time , " Brown said . "  But I will try to learn and grow and do the very best job I can on a day-to-day basis . " Brown 's election victory stripped Senate Democrats of their 60-seat Senate supermajority , imperiling the ability of Obama and Democrats to push major legislative priorities such as health care reform through Congress . The Republican upset in Massachusetts also raised fears among many congressional Democrats of a potential GOP landslide in November 's midterm elections . A fiscal conservative who holds some moderate views , Brown was noncommittal on whether he would support a Republican filibuster in coming Senate consideration of some Obama nominees for government posts . He also said he needed to talk to generals in the field before deciding to support Obama 's call , supported by top military leaders , to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy regarding a ban on gays in the military . Brown made clear he opposes the spending policies of the Obama administration , stating that the $ 862 billion stimulus bill passed last year "  did n't create one new job " in Massachusetts or across the country . He also said Congress should start over on health care with bipartisan talks , instead of continuing work on separate comprehensive bills passed by the House and Senate . That prompted a response later from Jay Carney , spokesman for Biden , who said , "  Anyone can go to recovery.gov  on the Internet  and see that Massachusetts state and local government , businesses and community organizations have already reported directly funding over 9,000 jobs in the state last year -- and that 's based on a only a portion of the total $ 8.4 billion in  stimulus  funds that have already gone to Massachusetts . " He also said Congress should start over on health care with bipartisan talks , instead of continuing work on separate comprehensive bills passed by the House and Senate . At the same time , Brown said he would consider each piece of legislation on merit , rather than whether it was proposed by one party or another . "  If I see a bill that 's good for my state first , I do n't care where it comes from , " Brown said . "  If it 's good for Massachusetts , I 'll consider it . " Thursday 's ceremony occurred a week earlier than originally planned . Massachusetts officials had said it would take a few weeks after the election to certify the result of Brown 's victory . In a letter to Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and Secretary of State William Galvin on Wednesday , Brown 's attorney said the senator-elect had planned on being sworn in on February 11 , but had been told that several Senate votes would be held before then . "  For this reason , he wants certification to occur immediately , " attorney Daniel Winslow wrote . The certification occurred Thursday , allowing Brown to officially fill his seat later in the day . "  There 's no hidden agenda , " Brown said of his push to get certified this week instead of next . "  It 's because I want to get to work . " Asked why his daughters did n't attend the swearing-in , Brown explained one of them , Ayla , had a college basketball game to play Thursday and the other , Arianna , had a college exam . "  The Bibles I used for today 's swearing-in belong to my daughters , and I stacked them one on top of the other and took my oath on them , " Brown said . Brown will be taking over Kennedy 's coveted office space in the Senate Russell building . Sen. Paul Kirk , who was appointed to fill the seat after Kennedy 's death , currently occupies the office and will move out . Several Senate sources tell CNN that the Senate Rules Committee , which assigns office space , decided to give Brown the office space as a matter of convenience . Because of his seniority , Kennedy had one of the most coveted office suites in the Senate complex . It is located in the Russell building , down the hall from the Rotunda , and has balconies that overlook the Capitol . CNN Senior Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : Newly sworn-in senator stresses opposition to President Obama 's fiscal policies NEW : Brown noncommittal on prospect of filibustering over some Obama nominees Scott Brown is sworn into office Thursday , becoming crucial 41st GOP vote Brown won a special election to fill the remainder of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy 's term
CNN  -- Alfonso Ribeiro did n't make us wait long before he revived "  The Carlton " on "  Dancing With the Stars . " On Monday night , the former "  Fresh Prince of Bel Air " star dusted off his old familiar moves in week four of the competition . The theme of the week was "  Most Memorable Year , " and "  Dancing " saved the best for last . After watching the other nine celebrities and their pro dancing partners run through sambas , rumbas and jives , Ribeiro and pro dancer Witney Carson took the floor with a jazz routine set to Tom Jones ' "  It 's Not Unusual " -- a.k.a. the song that Ribeiro 's "  Fresh Prince " character , Carlton Banks , could n't help but dance to . Dressed in a costume straight out of his "  Fresh Prince 's " character 's closet -- a v-neck sweater and a bow tie -- Ribeiro looked like he was having a blast re-creating those exuberant dance steps along with Carson . The judges were thrilled , giving the couple a perfect score . Ribeiro acknowledged that playing Will Smith 's dorkier cousin during "  Fresh Prince 's " six-season run in the '90s did leave him pigeonholed as an actor , but he has no grudge against the dance that 's come to bear his character 's name . "  I love the Carlton dance . I love how it makes people feel , " he said in an interview . "  I certainly do n't do it a lot . But I love the fact that people have this nostalgic look at that dance . ... This was all for the fans . " Viewers have n't been as overjoyed with fashion designer Betsey Johnson 's performance . She was the latest star to exit the series on Monday night .	Alfonso Ribeiro performed "  The Carlton " on "  Dancing With the Stars " Monday The dance is one he used to do on "  The Fresh Prince of Bel Air " He does n't do it often , but he said he loves how it makes people feel The routine earned him a perfect score
Mexico City  CNN  -- The helicopter crash in Mexico that killed Interior Minister Jose Francisco Blake Mora and all seven other people aboard shows no evidence of an explosion , a Mexican official said Saturday . "  In visual and preliminary investigations of the crash site , the remains of the aircraft do not show evidence of any kind of damage from an explosion or fire , " said Dionisio Perez-Jacome , minister of communication and transportation . "  It is worth mentioning that according to the available information up until this moment , present at the place and time of the incident were layers of clouds and reduced visibility , " Perez-Jacome said . His announcement on government television came as Mexico began a day of grieving for the eight killed Friday in the helicopter crash in a rural area just south of Mexico City . Mexican President Felipe Calderon and his wife were among the government officials at a public funeral in Mexico City on Saturday afternoon . The eight caskets were each draped with the Mexican flag on the vast green grounds of Campo Militar Marte where Calderon led a tearful ceremony of handing portraits of the eight helicopter victims to their respective families and children . A military band played sorrowful dirges , as did a drum and bugle corps at other points in the funeral . "  Here , in the earth , their example and memory will endure forever , " Calderon told the black-attired mourners in the galleries and grandstand , all on their feet during the ceremony . "  These are difficult times for the government and for the nation , but it is also a time to show the strength to overcome these adversities , " Calderon said . The Friday incident -- which occurred 2.5 miles south of the town of Santa Catarina Atoyzingo in the municipality of Chalco -- evoked comparisons to a 2008 plane crash that also killed the country 's then-interior minister . That crash , in a luxurious Mexico City neighborhood , was later determined to be an accident caused by turbulence . The Learjet carrying the minister and others was following a commercial airliner too closely , authorities said . Calderon on Friday called Blake Mora "  a great Mexican who deeply loved his country and served until the last moment of his life . " Analysts said that the crash puts renewed attention on the president 's controversial efforts to fight the nation 's notorious cartels because the interior minister oversees domestic security . "  The national mood is such that even before this , people are alarmed " about cartel violence , said Stephen Zamora , professor at the University of Houston Law Center who 's an expert on Mexican law and U.S.-Mexico relations . "  Calderon is in the last year of his presidency , so Mexico is entering a presidential election year just as the United States is . President Calderon has been criticized because the number of persons killed has escalated during his presidency and so people see him as failed . I think that 's a harsh judgment , " Zamora said . "  He inherited a country , especially in the northern states , that is being destabilized by the drug cartels . He 's started employing the army , which has n't been used much domestically , to fight the drug cartels , " Zamora said . While Blake Mora was well regarded by U.S. officials , his loss wo n't devastate the Calderon administration , said Pamela K. Starr , associate professor of international relations at the University of Southern California . "  I think there 's an inevitability that there will be speculation that organized crime was involved in this , but it seems highly unlikely to me that indeed will be the case , " Starr said , noting how the helicopter crashed under foggy conditions in a remote area . "  He was very highly thought of both within Mexico and with his counterparts in the United States , " Starr said of Blake Mora . "  With that said , he has not been one of the central figures in the battle against drug cartels in Mexico . The lead has been taken more by the federal police and the president himself , along with the military and the prosecutor 's office . " The helicopter went down in the Xochimilco area south of Mexico City , government spokeswoman Alejandra Sota said . Two other government officials were killed in the crash : Undersecretary for Legal Affairs and Human Rights Felipe Zamora and the ministry 's press office chief , Jose Alfredo Garcia , she said . In July 2010 , Calderon appointed Blake Mora to the post that oversees security efforts against drug cartels in Mexico . That battle has cost thousands of lives . "  I grieve his loss " and those of the other victims , Calderon said in a national address on Friday , adding that Blake Mora , who was 45 , leaves behind a wife and two children . Authorities will continue to investigate the cause of the accident . A photograph of the crash site depicts a relatively concentrated debris field . The French-manufactured Super Puma THP06 helicopter was made in 1987 and had logged 717 hours of flight , Mexican officials said . The helicopter crashed while traveling between Mexico City and the Mexican state of Morelos south of the city , officials said . The others killed were Diana Miriam Hayton Sanchez , the technical secretary of the minister 's office ; Maj. Rene de Leon Sapien of the Presidential Guard , who was Blake Mora 's personal security detail ; and three members of the air force : pilot Lt. Col. Felipe Bacio Cortes , Lt. Pedro Ramon Escobar and Sgt. Jorge Luis Juarez Gomez . Before becoming interior minister , Blake Mora was an attorney from Baja California state who was chief of staff to the state government from 2007 until July 2010 . Previously , he was a councilman in Tijuana , as well as a state and federal congressman . Blake Mora was considered to be politically close to the president and , in fact , led his political campaign in Baja California . Ironically , Blake Mora 's last writing in his Twitter account refers to the November 2008 accident that killed a prior interior minister . "  Today we remember Juan Camilo Mourino three years after his departure , a human being who worked on building a better Mexico , " Blake Mora wrote in a tweet posted November 4 , the third anniversary of the accident . CNN 's Michael Martinez wrote this report . CNN 's Esprit Smith , Mariano Castillo and CNNMexico.com contributed .	NEW : Rural crash area had clouds and reduced visibility NEW : "  These are difficult times , " president says at public funeral Investigators do n't find evidence of an explosion or a fire aboard the aircraft Mexican Interior Minister Jose Francisco Blake Mora dies with seven others
CNN  -- You 're in town for business and have a few hours between meetings . Not long enough to head out sightseeing , but too long to swipe aimlessly at your iPad in the lobby . Luckily , some of the world 's best city hotels offer the kind of leisure facilities that let you fool yourself into thinking you 're kicking back at a resort -- at least until your reminder app tells you otherwise . 1 . Palacio Duhau -- Park Hyatt  Buenos Aires Just 15 minutes from the central business district , this gorgeous hotel was once the palace of the aristocratic Duhau family . Built in 1934 , more than half the Palacio Duhau 's land is dedicated to a cascading garden , where you can slow down and smell the roses  literally  . To aid procrastination on that report , there 's an indoor pool -- heated to a constant 28 degrees Celsius  82.4 F  -- while the hotel 's Duhau Restaurante & Vinoteca features 7,000 bottles of Argentinean wine . For the more culturally inclined , there 's the hotel 's underground art gallery . Palacio Duhau - Park Hyatt Buenos Aires , Avenida Alvear 1661 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ; +541151711234 2 . The Siam  Bangkok In a city notorious for its traffic , this riverside urban resort offers guests a scenic way to commute -- via converted rice barge from the hotel 's private pier on the Chao Phraya River . You can watch the world float by from a poolside sun lounger next to the river , or better yet , from the private rooftop terrace of the river view pool villa , which also comes with an internal courtyard garden and plunge pool . With the hotel 's art deco design accents , antique collections , a Musee d'Orsay-inspired main building and a restaurant housed in a series of ancient teakwood houses , you 'll soon forget you 're in the heart of a big , chaotic city . The Siam , 3/2 Thanon Khao , Vachirapayabal , Dusit , Bangkok ; +6622066999 3 . Hotel Molitor  Paris Ever since it first opened in 1929 as a public swim and socializing hotspot , this art deco-meets-industrial chic hotel has been synonymous with fab pools . On a fine summer 's day , one can relax by the 46-meter outdoor pool , enclosed by the building 's high floors of rooms -- each with porthole windows -- and imagine you 're sailing the seas in a luxury cruise liner . There 's also a glass-roofed 33-meter-long indoor pool . Its pools are so legendary that the main character of "  The Life of Pi "  full name Piscine Molitor "  Pi " Patel  was named after the place . A rooftop garden terrace overlooks another Parisian icon , the Eiffel Tower . Hotel Molitor , 13 Rue Nungesser et Coli , Paris ; +33 1 5607 0850 4 . The Castle Hotel  Dalian , China Who would 've guessed there 's a mountaintop Bavarian getaway just 15 minutes from the CBD of this major Chinese metropolis ? Inspired by Neuschwanstein Castle , once home to Germany 's King Ludwig II , the Luxury Collection hotel was originally built in 2002 to house a museum . Everything about the place is over-the-top . Statues of Greek gods pepper the magnificent gardens , an extravagant marble lobby features a grand double staircase and opulent chandeliers . The Yellow Sea views are best enjoyed from the Royal Cellar pub with a frothy pint , or from the 4,850 square foot  450 square meter  indoor heated pool . The Castle Hotel , 600 Binhai W. Road , Shahekou District , Dalian , Liaoning , China ; +8641186560000 5 . The Houstonian Hotel  Houston , Texas Proving that everything is big in Texas , guests of The Houstonian Hotel enjoy unlimited access to a sprawling 175,000 square foot fitness club , touted as one of the nation 's best , and a 17,000 square foot spa . The hotel is set amongst 18 acres of wooded landscape and has three outdoor pools . To make your boss question if you even bothered to get any work done , Instagram a photo of the Resort Pool , complete with waterfalls and a slide , or the tranquil Garden Pool , set amongst beautiful landscaping . The hotel is so relaxing that U.S. former President George Bush Sr. and his wife Barbara made it their official voting residence for more than 10 years . The Houstonian Hotel , 111 N. Post Oak Lane , Houston , Texas ; +1 7136802626 6 . Hotel Santa Teresa  Rio de Janeiro Business travelers looking for an alternative base might be tempted to make a beeline to the sexy shores of Copacabana or Ipanema , but for another side of Rio , there 's the winding pebbled streets and bohemian neighborhood of Santa Teresa . The boutique Hotel Santa Teresa was once a colonial coffee ranch . It 's since been transformed into a tropical chic property with 40 rooms and suites . This one 's a bit far from Rio 's Centro business district -- 40 minutes by car -- but worth the extra commute time . For the most stunning views in Rio , we recommend heading for the outdoor pool during sunset , which overlooks Santa Teresa Hill , Centro and down to Guanabara Bay . Caiprinihas optional but highly recommended . Hotel Santa Teresa , Rua Almirante Alexandrino , 660 , Santa Teresa , Rio de Janeiro ; +552133800200 7 . The Berkeley  London Granted , London 's weather might not be ideal for al fresco poolside lounging -- hence the prevalence of subterranean pools -- but on beautiful summer days , nothing beats lounging by the only rooftop hotel pool in the city at The Berkeley . At 10 by 5 meters , it 's not the largest , but the views over Knightsbridge and Hyde Park make up for it . A selection of poolside light bites and drinks will be enough to tide you over while you top up your tan before your business lunch at the two-Michelin starred Marcus downstairs . The Berkeley , Wilton Place , Knightsbridge , London ; +442072356000 8 . The Ritz-Carlton  Singapore Situated steps from Marina Bay , this hotel features a 25-meter outdoor pool surrounded by enough tropical foliage that you 'd never know you were in the heart of the lion city . If you 'd rather indulge in watery pleasures in the privacy of your own room , there 's the butler-drawn bath -- treatments complete with accompaniments  Champagne , strawberries and roses for one , Cohiba cigars and Cognac for another  . Marble bathrooms in the bay view rooms overlook the iconic Marina Bay Sands , the Singapore Flyer ferris wheel and city skyline through exhibitionist-friendly windows . The Ritz-Carlton , Millenia Singapore , 7 Raffles Ave. , Singapore ; +6563378888 9 . W Santiago  Santiago Following the fashionable formula of designer hotels with heavy tints of cool , W Santiago pops with colors and design quirks that will snap you out of suited-and-booted work mode in no time . You ca n't escape the Andes , wherever you are in the city , but the contrast of majestic snow-capped peaks and the trendy rooftop pool area on the 21st floor -- bathed in electronic lounge music and shrink-wrapped within the city/mountain panorama -- is as sweet as a year-end bonus . To include the LED-lit infinity pool in your sights , the so-cool rooftop bar is a great place for a deserving nightcap . W Santiago , Isidora Goyenechea 3000 , Las Condes , Santiago , Chile ; +56 2 2770 0000 10 . Hotel Arts Barcelona  Barcelona Aside from being the tallest building in the country , Hotel Arts Barcelona is easily identifiable thanks to a Frank Gehry-designed golden steel installation . The outdoor pool , set amongst a palm tree-landscaped garden , sits under the shimmering shadow of said fish statue , overlooking the Med . The recently-launched 43 the Spa offers even better vistas from the sauna room , plus therapies such as a technology-detox treatment to counter the effects of smartphone appendage-itis . Stay in one of the club rooms and you 'll have use of a Smart electric car to make that five-minute drive into the city center for meetings . Hotel Arts Barcelona , Carrer de la Marina , 19-21 , Barcelona , Spain ; +34 93 221 10 00 11 . Villa Kennedy  Frankfurt , Germany Unusual for a city residence , this restored former banking family 's home features a verdant central courtyard  the "  Villa Garden "  with a giant oak tree as its centerpiece . Terraced suites and deluxe rooms overlook over this urban oasis , while over at the serene 1,000 square meter Villa Spa , you can turn off your phone and pretend you 're on a luxury wellness retreat as you lounge on the mezzanine relaxation area overlooking the 15-meter Portuguese marble pool . The hotel is located just 5 minutes from the city center and 10 minutes to the airport , which makes getting back to reality a bittersweet convenience . Villa Kennedy , Kennedyalle 70 , Frankfurt , Germany ; +49 69 7171 20 Born and bred in Taiwan , Tina is a proud Bangkokian who left the glitzy world of PR to explore her passions closer to the ground .	London only has one rooftop hotel pool , at The Berkeley Since opening in 1929 , Hotel Molitor has been a top Parisian pool destination The Ritz-Carlton , Millenia Singapore offers butler-drawn baths in your room Hotel Arts Barcelona 's spa features a technology-detox treatment to counter the effects of smartphone appendage-itis
CNN  -- A 21-year-old man in Chicago is charged with battery after allegedly binding his toddler 's wrists , ankles and mouth with tape and posting a photo online . Above the photo of the girl , which Andre Curry allegedly put on his Facebook page , were the words , "  This is wut happens wen my baby hits me back . ; " The Facebook page appears to have been taken down . But the image was picked up by other websites . The Cook County State 's Attorney 's Office also told CNN that the caption was with the photo on Curry 's Facebook page . Andy Conklin , a spokesman for the state 's attorney 's office , said the girl is 22 months old . A public defender for Curry did not immediately return a call from CNN on Wednesday . Curry is charged with aggravated domestic battery , Chicago police said . He appeared in court Wednesday , where bond was set at $ 100,000 , the state 's attorney 's office said . Conklin said the next court date will be December 27 . The photo at issue shows the girl with painter 's tape over her mouth and binding her wrists and ankles .	NEW : The next court date is December 27 , the state 's attorney 's office says The photo showed a girl with tape apparently binding her mouth , wrists and ankles Andre Curry is charged with aggravated domestic battery Message with the photo said this happens when "  my baby hits me back "
CNN  -- California 's Oakland port terminal re-opened on Tuesday after Occupy protestors shut the facility down overnight , but the disruption "  cost the Port and City of Oakland vital resources , " a statement from officials said . "  They hurt the many businesses that pay taxes and help us create jobs , " Robert Bernardo , communications manager for the port , said . Bernardo said port officials were committed to "  regaining the confidence of partners who bring business to Oakland and the region . " On Monday , a statement from the port authority said there were "  some delays of truck traffic " but said the port remained operational . But by Monday night , the protests had disrupted workers ability to get to work and impaired the port 's ability to operate , officials said . Officials said the disruptions resulted in a backlog of of work to get through , cost workers shifts and wages , and caused a negative ripple effect for people up and down the West Coast . Port of Oakland Executive Director Omar Benjamin suggested the Occupy movement should focus on "  real solutions to the problems plaguing our economy . " On a normal night , several hundred people would be working the graveyard shift , port spokesman Isaac Kos-Read told CNN . "  What has this accomplished ? " he asked . "  This is disrupting the 99 % . " The Occupy movement has rallied against what it describes as corporate greed while asserting that the nation 's wealthiest 1 % hold inordinate sway over the remaining 99 % of the population . Oakland Mayor Jean Quan concurred with Kos-Read , saying the Occupy movement is n't thinking of the consequences of its actions and whom it is actually hurting . "  They are saying ... they have to get the attention of the ruling class . I think the ruling class is probably laughing and people in this city will be crying this Christmas , " Quan said . "  It 's really got to stop . " Oakland has been a flash point of the Occupy movement since October when police used tear gas to break up demonstrators who refused to leave downtown . One demonstrator , a Marine veteran of the war in Iraq , suffered a skull fracture after being hit with a police projectile , according to a veteran 's group ; police said they acted after the crowd threw paint and other objects at officers . The International Longshore and Warehouse Union -- which represents 15,000 dockworkers -- has distanced itself from the protest movement . The union "  shares the Occupy movement 's concerns about the future of the middle class and corporate abuses , " ILWU President Robert McEllrath wrote to locals last week -- but he urged the movement to stay out of its dispute with the port of Longview , Washington , and warned against "  outside groups attempting to co-opt our struggle in order to advance a broader agenda . " In Washington , D.C. , on Tuesday , three people claiming ties with the Occupy movement blocked the main door of House Speaker John Boehner office . The men , who said they were in the 120th hour of a hunger strike , sat together with stickers that read "  Taxation without representation " taped over their mouths . They said they were demanding full voting rights for residents in the District of Columbia . Elsewhere , police moved into the Occupy Baltimore encampment at around 3 a.m. Tuesday to remove protesters that had been in McKeldin Square for the last two months , according to CNN affiliate WMAR . Local reports said officers were out in full riot gear , and police cars surrounded the area , but there were no major incidents reported . Reports showed the city of Baltimore recently denied a permit extension for the camp and cut off its power supply , and that several incidents -- including a stabbing -- had occurred at the encampment recently . In a statement released Tuesday morning , Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said people are free to assemble and demonstrate , but "  our public parks and green-spaces should not be treated as permanent campgrounds . " Rawlings-Blake said her administration will provide "  outreach and assistance " to the homeless . Tuesday 's actions followed Occupy protests -- and police reactions -- in several cities on Monday . In Houston , police arrested 20 protesters after dozens of police on foot and on horseback confronted a somewhat larger group of Occupy protesters who blocked an interstate on-ramp , authorities said . In Long Beach , California , protests caused isolated traffic delays but did not hinder port operations , according to Police Chief Jim McDonnrell , who added that two arrests were made . About 80 protesters demonstrated outside the gate of San Diego 's port Monday but caused no disruption , port spokesman Ron Powell said . Four people who sat down in the road were arrested , he said . The demonstrations that began Monday in port cities were part of a nationwide Occupy effort in the aftermath of efforts by cities across the country -- including New York , Boston and Oakland -- to clear demonstrators from encampments they had set up in public parks and other locations . "  We are occupying the ports as part of a day of action , boycott and march for full legalization and good jobs for all to draw attention to and protest the criminal system of concentrated wealth that depends on local and global exploitation of working people , and the denial of workers ' rights to organize for decent pay , working conditions and benefits , in disregard for the environment and the health and safety of surrounding communities , " Occupy organizers said on their website . CNN 's Greg Morrison , Amanda Watts , Shawn Nottingham , Sara Weisfeldt and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	NEW : Port of Oakland reopens Tuesday after being shut down by protesters overnight NEW : The disruptions cost workers shifts and wages , port officials said "  It 's really got to stop , " Oakland mayor says
CNN  -- With the election getting nearer , Hollywood 's few , proudly open conservatives have been heating up the rhetoric . Some have been quietly campaigning in a way that dodges the headlines . Vince Vaughn , for example , endorsed Ron Paul early in the campaign , an act as refreshing as it is sadly redundant . But most of the news reports have been dominated by the antediluvian antics of some pretty aged  and by now probably unemployable  actors . Chuck Norris lambasted the president for trying to get gays into the scouts and Ted Nugent says history might have turned out better if the South had won the Civil War . Jon Voight rushed to the defense of Brad Pitt 's mom after she sent a letter to her local newspaper calling Obama , "  a liberal who supports the killing of unborn babies and same-sex marriage . " The modern Republican celebrity ideal , it seems , is all man . He could be a retired action movie star , likely to wear a cowboy hat , almost certainly smokes cigars and typically inhabits a political position to the tea party 's right . There 's nothing necessarily wrong with any of things , except that the public pronouncements from these modern representatives less suggest someone who happens to be a big fan of Edmund Burke than someone who is undergoing the male menopause . When the Iraq War started in 2003 , Bruce Willis actually called the White House and volunteered . He was surprised when an aide told him , "  Sorry , Bruce , you 're too old to enlist . " Today 's Hollywood Republicanism might come from outside the mainstream of the movie industry , but it was n't always this way . During the 1944 presidential election , Cecil B DeMille threw a gala for Republican candidate Thomas Dewey that featured elephants , bands and A-list stars like Ginger Rogers , Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck . When McCarthyism hit Hollywood in the 1950s , the industry became more pronouncedly conservative . Actor George Murphy was elected as a Republican senator from California in 1964 , and Ronald Reagan entered the governor 's mansion in 1966 . Richard Nixon , elected in 1968 , had movie tastes emblematic of Golden Age conservatism : According to historian Mark Feeney , he publicly denounced cussing in films and walked out of "  West Side Story " halfway through because he thought it was anti-American . When he threw a re-election booster for his Hollywood backers in 1972 , one guest described it as "  a cocktail party at the Hollywood Wax Museum . " The invitation list might not have changed much from 1944 , but it was still impressive : Frank Sinatra , Charlton Heston , Glen Campbell , Clint Eastwood , Jack Benny , Jimmy Durante , George Hamilton and Sammy Davis Jr. . Most of these people were former Democrats and the dress code was formal , not Chuck Norris denim . The president told his staff that they should offer "  the very best brands of scotch and bourbon , not the ordinary stuff we 've used in the past . " This was one of the last occasions when a Republican Hollywood crowd was used to communicate sophistication rather than rebelliousness ; Nixon was trying to cement an image as godfather of the nation . But the president also understood that as liberalism became more fashionable among the young , so conservatism was gaining momentum as a counter-cultural force of its own . That 's why Nixon invited Clint Eastwood  aka The Man With No Name  to be a delegate at that year 's Republican convention , while the movie introducing the president was narrated by John Wayne . Nixon was the first Republican president to tap into the electoral appeal of the cowboy star as the faded mascot of the silent majority , the gentleman of the rugged West who got by fine without welfare and who shot bad guys when he had to . It had a commercial appeal , too . That 's why in the 1970s , while Hollywood as an institution culturally drifted to the left , the movie industry also churned out movies that played upon suburban paranoia about crime , like "  Dirty Harry " and "  Death Wish . " In short , an actor is n't just an actor , but a brand carefully built and marketed to sell movies . Those brands can be found on both the left and right . In contemporary Hollywood , Sean Penn has taken the archetype of an angry man burdened by liberal compassion to extremes , launching a tirade at Cannes against "  the whole ... world " for abandoning Haiti . Likewise , Alec Baldwin 's perpetual threat to run for mayor of New York or Betty White 's reinvention as a gay icon demonstrates that political branding can give actors an appeal beyond TV and movies . Branding is n't a straightjacket for some , however . When Clint Eastwood made "  Gran Torino " in 2008 , some critics took it to be a classic example of the "  red state movie . " It was full of messages about family , crime and self-reliance . But when Eastwood made the "  Halftime in America " ad for the 2012 Super Bowl , some Republicans complained his tight-lipped , rugged style was being used to promote Obama 's policies . On the whole , Hollywood conservatism has adapted to suit the culture warrior style of the tea party . First comes the market , then comes the brand . Hence , if celebrity Republicans seem outrageously reactionary , it 's an indicator of where the GOP and its base have moved and what it looks for in its screen idols . The party of Thomas Dewey or Richard Nixon , men who basically spoke for the social establishments of their day , has now become something more populist and more rooted in working-class anger . Sometimes , the men and women who are the advertisements for that brand can become consumed by the image and evolve into a pastiche of it . Is there not something slightly absurd about the vain , aged machismo of The Expendibles 2 , a movie about violent septuagenarian mercenaries ? Most of the Republican stars look like they could n't withstand a vigorous game of bridge at the Del Boca Vista retirement home . The interesting question is how easily the anti-establishment antics of Chuck Norris or Ted Nugent sit with the preppy elitism of Mitt Romney , which is aimed more at the independent voter market . The answer is that they do n't , and that 's just one more problem that Mitt has to overcome in November . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : Conservative celeb ideal today is manly-man action hero , right of tea party He says in past GOP drew mainstream stars ; today they get self-styled angry populists He says since Nixon , GOP has tapped into faded-cowboy-star-as-silent-majority branding Stanley : Will likes of Ted Nugent , Chuck Norris help Romney win independents ? Not likely
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama mentioned an $ 8 billion investment in high-speed train systems across the country in his State of the Union speech on Wednesday . Details released Thursday said the investment would be grants from the government 's $ 862 billion economic stimulus package to begin the planning and initial work on creating the first nationwide program of high-speed intercity passenger rail service . Overall , projects and planning involving the rail corridors will take place in 31 states , according to a White House statement . Obama and Vice President Joe Biden were scheduled to travel to Tampa , Florida , Thursday to formally announce the program . Other Cabinet members and administration officials also were visiting sites of the program in other states on Thursday and Friday . According to the statement , the corridor between Tampa and Orlando , Florida , would have trains capable of traveling up to 168 mph with 16 round trips a day . The time to travel by train between the cities would be about an hour , compared with about 90 minutes by car , it said . "  This project will create jobs and generate economic activity as 84 miles of track are constructed , stations are built or enhanced , and equipment is purchased , " with work expected to be completed in 2014 , the statement said . "  The projects announced today are part of President Obama 's strategic long-term plan to transform travel in America by building and sustaining a comprehensive passenger rail program , " the statement said . "  In addition to the $ 8 billion awarded today , the plan also included $ 1 billion a year for five years in the federal budget as a down payment to jump-start the program . " The statement described the program as "  a long-term venture in which states will need to plan projects , purchase and lay track , build and assemble equipment , and construct or upgrade train stations , tunnels and bridges . " "  Spain spent two decades and $ 35 billion developing its high-speed rail system , " it said . "  South Korea took 12 years and more than $ 10 billion to build a line stretching from Seoul to Busan , comparable to the distance between Boston and New York . " Train corridors in the program include :  San Diego - Los Angeles - San Luis Obispo in California  Oakland - Sacramento in California  Portland - Eugene in Oregon  Seattle - Portland in Washington and Oregon  Chicago - St. Louis in Illinois and Missouri  St. Louis and Kansas City in Missouri  Minneapolis/St . Paul - Madison in Minnesota and Wisconsin  Madison - Milwaukee in Wisconsin  Milwaukee - Chicago in Wisconsin and Illinois  Cleveland - Columbus - Cincinnati in Ohio  Detroit/Pontiac - Chicago in Michigan , Indiana and Illinois  Tampa - Orlando in Florida  Raleigh - Charlotte in North Carolina  Washington - Richmond in District of Columbia and Virginia  Raleigh - Richmond in North Carolina and Virginia  New York - Albany-Buffalo in New York  New York - Montreal in New York and Quebec , Canada .  Boston - New York - Washington in Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Maryland , New York , and District of Columbia  Brunswick - Portland in Maine  Philadelphia - Harrisburg - Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania  Springfield - East Northfield in Massachusetts  New Haven - Springfield in Connecticut and Massachusetts	President Obama to announce $ 8 billion in stimulus funds for high-speed train plan Proposed rail system would span across 31 states Work is expected to be finished by 2014 , according to White House
To Arizona 's governor , a bill that would have allowed businesses to close their doors to gays and lesbians out of religious conviction was wrong for the state . So , she vetoed it . The buck may have stopped with Gov. Jan Brewer in Arizona on Wednesday , but the fight to pass such laws bannered as religious freedom issues is still on in quite a few other states . "  Right behind it are Missouri and Georgia , " said Jay Michaelson , a fellow at Political Research Associates , a progressive political think tank . Brewer felt Senate Bill 1062 did not address specific dangers to religious freedom . "  It could divide Arizona in ways we can not even imagine , " said Brewer , who said she tuned out public pressure and made the decision she felt was right . Attention now turns to the following states : Georgia The Preservation of Religious Freedom Act has been introduced into Georgia 's Legislature , and it is similar to the one vetoed in Arizona . The measure , which is moving through the state House of Representatives , allows a private company to ignore state law that "  directly or indirectly constrains , inhibits , curtails or denies " a person 's religious beliefs . An almost identical bill has been introduced in the state Senate . Much like the Arizona measure , neither Georgia 's House nor Senate bills specifically spell out gays or lesbians as the target . The legislation is not on the calendar for Monday , or "  Crossover Day , " the last day for legislation to pass the chamber in which it was introduced and transfer to the other chamber for consideration . But Georgia Equality Executive Director Jeff Graham said it could still appear on Monday . His group opposes the legislation . Graham does n't rule out the bill moving forward , even if it does n't make the calendar . "  This could still come up as an amendment to another bill . " Idaho There are two bills being considered . HB 426 would protect people making decisions out of religious convictions -- including denying service to someone . HB 427 gives people protection against legal claims made against them in cases involving religious convictions . If passed into law , the first bill probably would be vulnerable to constitutional legal challenges . Both bills could cause many disruptions to everyday life in the state , a state attorney general said in an article in the The Spokesman Review . HB 427 has been sent back to committee . Mississippi A bill is being considered to legally protect people against being compelled to take any action against their religion . SB 2681 does not explicitly mention gays , lesbians or same-sex marriage . It has passed the Senate and was referred to House , where it is in a judiciary committee . Missouri A bill that requires the government to show a compelling interest in any attempt to restrict a person 's right to practice religion was introduced this week by Republican state Sen. Wayne Wallingford . SB 916 provides for additional civil protections to the state 's existing "  Religious Freedom Restoration Act , " according to the senator . But critics of the law say it 's a way to discriminate against gays . Ohio The House introduced HB 376 in December . It also does not single out same-sex relations for discrimination but gives legal protection to individuals acting or making decisions out of religious conviction . It 's currently in judiciary committee . Critics say it 's aimed at discrimination against same-sex couples , knoxnews.com reported . Oregon The conservative Oregon Family Council is sponsoring a ballot measure -- the "  Protect Religious Freedoms Initiative " -- that would allow private businesses to deny services that would support same-sex marriage . The group , which previously supported the effort to ban same-sex marriage in the state , is pushing to get the measure on the November ballot . South Dakota Conservative senators introduced one bill that would allow businesses or people to deny "  certain wedding services or goods due to the free exercise of religion . " But its main sponsor withdrew it . But there 's a second one protecting "  speech pertaining to views on sexual orientation . " It has been deferred to a late legislative day . There are also states where proposed bills have already hit a legislative wall : Colorado A bill that would have allowed people to defend against discrimination allegations on the basis of religious convictions was killed in committee , The Denver Post reported Kansas State representatives introduced a bill in January that would have explicitly permitted religious business people and government workers to refuse serving same-sex couples . It passed the House , with a vote of 72 to 49 , but failed in the Republican-dominated Senate . Maine A conservative senator introduced a religious freedom bill that would have protected people making decisions out of religious convictions that other legislators felt interfered with other people 's civil rights . The state Senate and House both voted it down , the Bangor Daily News reported . Tennessee Tennessee legislators introduced a bill in early February that proponents said would protect businesses if they refused services to gays and lesbians . Critics called it the "  Turn the Gays Away " bill . The measure has been withdrawn from committee , CNN affiliate WSMV reported . Utah Conservative state Sen. Stuart Reid introduced a bill similar to the Arizona bill that was vetoed , but it has since been shelved , The Salt Lake Tribune reported .	Arizona 's governor felt it was n't right ; many lawmakers face her decision "  Right behind it are Missouri and Georgia , " says analyst at political think tank He predicts the advocates will follow the lead set by anti-abortion advocates "  It 's a big , black mark against a state , " says GLAAD CEO
Istanbul  CNN  -- A Turkish airstrike on the border with Iraq killed 35 people who are now thought to have been smuggling cigarettes , a senior Turkish lawmaker said Thursday . Turkish air force jets launched the strike late Wednesday after unmanned aerial vehicles showed a group moving from Iraq toward the border with Turkey in an area "  mostly used by terrorists , " a statement from the military general staff said . But a senior member of Turkey 's governing Justice and Development Party  AKP  said early indications are that those identified by the drones and subsequently killed were civilians . "  These people were thought to be terrorists ; however , the first initial investigative information we have from the local authorities , especially from Sirnak Governor 's office , indicate that these people are involved in cigarette smuggling , " said the AKP 's deputy chairman and spokesman Huseyin Celik . He said the strike had killed many members of the same family . "  Even if there was a situation 100 % that these people were smugglers , these people should not have been subjected to this , they should not have been bombed . It is out of question , " he said . Expressing his condolences to the affected families , he vowed that a full investigation would be carried out and no cover-up would be allowed . A local official in Turkey 's southeastern province of Sirnak earlier said the airstrike had killed at least 31 Kurdish villagers . "  A group of villagers were coming from northern Iraq across the border after 9:30 p.m. . Their path was blocked by soldiers and then four planes bombed them , " said the official , Yunus Urek of the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party . The incident occurred in a region where there is a large Kurdish population . The people were from the border villages of Ortasu and Gulyazi , according to Urek , who said he was in Ortasu . Urek said the victims frequently cross the border "  for their daily needs like sugar or fuel . " He said one person survived the strike . Turkish authorities said an administrative and legal investigation was under way . "  Since the area where the group was located was often used by terrorists and a movement towards our border was determined , it was evaluated that the area should be held under fire by air force planes , " the Turkish military said in a statement released Thursday . The military statement claimed the the strike was in the Sinat-Haftanin area of northern Iraq , where many militant training camps are situated and there are no civilian settlements . Vahdettin Ozkan , the governor of Turkey 's southeastern province of Sirnak , also said a full investigation is under way . "  A crisis center has been set up at the governor 's office , and prosecutors and security forces have been sent to the region , " he told Turkey 's Anadolu news agency . Some observers have sounded the alarm in recent months about escalating tension between Turkey and its Kurdish minority , warning it may reignite a conflict that has simmered since 1984 and claimed more than 30,000 lives . Turkey has been going on the offensive against Kurdish separatists based across its border in northern Iraq with bombings and incursions . In October , an attack killed 24 Turkish soldiers in the southeastern section of the country , where Turkey borders Iraq . The Turkish government blamed terrorists for that attack , and the United States pinned responsibility for the attack on militants from a Kurdish separatist group , the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK . Earlier this month , Turkish police detained dozens of people in a wave of raids focused on pro-Kurdish media organizations . The Kurds represent the largest ethnic minority in Turkey . For decades , they were the target of repressive government policies , implemented by officials who sometimes referred to them as "  mountain Turks . " CNN 's Yesim Comert and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	35 people are confirmed killed by Turkish jets in an airstrike on the border with Iraq Those killed are thought to have been smuggling cigarettes , a senior politician says The Turkish military says the route the group was using is one often used by terrorists The Kurds represent the largest ethnic minority in Turkey
CNN  -- Flamboyant and fearless , Roberto Cavalli is the peacock of the fashion world ; with his body-hugging clothes , he woos women the world over . Fashion designer Roberto Cavalli But his clients are no dainty damsels : Cavalli 's women are Amazonian warriors and Grecian goddesses , whose armor is fashion and whose weapon is sex . His colorful creations are unabashed celebrations of the female form : dresses slashed to the hip or barely skimming the buttocks , necklines that plunge where no other designer dares . Cavalli 's woman knows she looks fabulous , and is n't afraid to show it : to her , it 's not just clothing , it 's an announcement that she 's arrived . Born in Florence in 1940 , Cavalli was immersed in an intensely creative environment from childhood . That influence came from his father , a tailor , and his artist grandfather , Giuseppe Rossi , whose work is shown in the famous Uffizi Galleries . Following in his father 's footsteps , Cavalli studied textile design at the local art institute . By the early 70s , he had developed an innovative technique for printing on lightweight leather , and his Florentine flair had led to commissions with Hermes and Pierre Cardin . In 1970 , he presented his first namesake collection at the Salon for Prt--Porter in Paris . His trademark work with unconventional fabrics like embellished denim and leather , mixed with wild animal prints and exotic patterns , was embraced by the jet set and Cavalli opened his first boutique in Saint Tropez in 1972 . Cavalli married his wife , Eva Duringer , a former Miss Universe , in 1980 ; she is now his business partner and right-hand woman . His fondness for bright color , exotics , fur and bold prints -- which he designs in his factory on the outskirts of Florence -- have won him a name as the king of fashion excess . Beloved by A-listers and pop princesses , these are not clothes for the shy : this is old-school glamour , infused with power , wielded by women who have flounced and shimmied their way to the top . See Cavalli 's designs on the catwalk " His main line is sold in over 50 countries worldwide , along with his diffusion lines RC Menswear and Just Cavalli , plus a children 's line , knitwear , accessories , eyewear , watches , perfumes , underwear and beachwear . He 's even ventured into Cavalli-branded vodka and wine . His collaboration with high-street fashion store H&M in November 2007 caused stampedes as his fans flocked to get their hands on his creations , desperate to capture some of that Cavalli magic at tiny prices . Some have asked whether his latest collections have taken a more gentle direction -- but the tiger 's inner fire still burns bright . Spring/Summer 2008 's bold flower prints and flirty feathered dresses were followed by Autumn/Winter 2008 's flowered dresses that at first glance appear dewy and fresh -- but look closer , and the hip-hugging cut belies their innocence . Cavalli is adored by his celebrity clientele , who flaunt his show-stopping creations on red carpets from Los Angeles to Sydney . Fans of his work include Halle Berry , Sharon Stone , Madonna , Jennifer Lopez , Gwyneth Paltrow , Beyonc Knowles , Charlize Theron and Victoria Beckham . If anyone sums up the glamour and glitz of show business , it 's Cavalli : fashion as theatre , shameless decadence where the whole world is a stage . That 's underlined by his eponymous 133 ' 9 " long yacht , built 2004 , and color-coordinated , naturally , with his helicopter and fleet of cars .	Florence-born fashion designer Roberto Cavalli is known for his bright , sexy clothes He is the grandson of Impressionist painter Giuseppe Rossi and the son of a tailor His clothes are adored by celebrities like Gwyneth Paltrow and Victoria Beckham Cavalli 's extravagant lifestyle includes color-coordinated yacht , cars and helicopter
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The world 's oldest known Christian Bible goes online Monday -- but the 1,600-year-old text does n't match the one you 'll find in churches today . The British government bought most of the pages of the ancient manuscript in 1933 . Discovered in a monastery in the Sinai desert in Egypt more than 160 years ago , the handwritten Codex Sinaiticus includes two books that are not part of the official New Testament and at least seven books that are not in the Old Testament . The New Testament books are in a different order , and include numerous handwritten corrections -- some made as much as 800 years after the texts were written , according to scholars who worked on the project of putting the Bible online . The changes range from the alteration of a single letter to the insertion of whole sentences . And some familiar -- very important -- passages are missing , including verses dealing with the resurrection of Jesus , they said . Juan Garces , the British Library project curator , said it should be no surprise that the ancient text is not quite the same as the modern one , since the Bible has developed and changed over the years . "  The Bible as an inspirational text has a history , " he told CNN . "  There are certainly theological questions linked to this , " he said . "  Everybody should be encouraged to investigate for themselves . " That is part of the reason for putting the Bible online , said Garces , who is both a Biblical scholar and a computer scientist . "  Scholars will want to look very closely at it , and some of the Web site functionality is specifically for them -- the ability to search the text , the ability to highlight a word , the degree of detail is particularly interesting for scholars interested in the text , " he said . But , he added , "  It 's for everyone , really a wide audience , because of curiosity , because they appreciate the value of it . " By the middle of the fourth century , when the Codex Sinaiticus was written , there was wide but not complete agreement on which books should be considered authoritative for Christian communities , according to the Web site where the Codex is posted . The Bible comes from the Monastery of St. Catherine in the Sinai desert , where a scholar named Constantine Tischendorf recognized its significance in 1844 -- and promptly took part of it , Garces explained . "  Constantine Tischendorf was in search for ancient manuscripts , so he appreciated the age and value of it , " Garces said . He took a handful of pages to Germany to publish them , then returned in 1853 and in 1859 for more . On that last trip , he took 694 pages , which ended up in St. Petersburg , Russia . The Soviet government decided to sell them in 1933 -- to raise money to buy tractors and other agricultural equipment . The British government bought the pages for # 100,000 , raising half the money from the public . Garces called that event one of the first fundraising campaigns in British history . Film footage from the time shows crowds of people turning out to see the manuscript , which was considered a national treasure , he said . Though the Bible has been reassembled online , in the real world it remains scattered . Most of it is in London . Eighty-six pages are held at the University Library in Leipzig , Germany , parts of 12 pages are held at the National Library of Russia in St. Petersburg , and 24 pages and 40 fragments remain at St. Catherine 's Monastery , recovered by the monks from the northern wall of the structure in June 1975 . The manuscript contains the Christian Bible in Greek , including the oldest complete copy of the New Testament .  A copy held at the Vatican dates from about the same period .  Older copies of individual portions of the Christian Bible exist , but not as part of a complete text . The Codex also includes much of the Old Testament that was adopted by early Greek-speaking Christians . That portion includes books not found in the Hebrew Bible and regarded in the Protestant tradition as apocryphal , such as 2 Esdras , Tobit , Judith , 1 & 4 Maccabees , Wisdom and Sirach . The New Testament portion includes the Epistle of Barnabas and The Shepherd of Hermas . As it survives today , Codex Sinaiticus comprises just over 400 large leaves of parchment -- prepared animal skin -- each of which measures 15 inches by 13.6 inches  380 mm by 345 mm  .	Handwritten Codex Sinaiticus is more than 1,600 years old Includes two books not part of official New Testament Discovered in a monastery in Sinai desert in Egypt more than 160 years ago Scholar named Constantine Tischendorf recognized its significance in 1844
CNN  -- University of Miami football coach Al Golden says his team is moving forward , despite allegations by an imprisoned former booster who claims to have spent millions on improper gifts , entertainment and travel for Hurricanes athletes . "  I think , if anything , it 's going to bring us closer together , " he said of the current team , which he said has nothing to do with the allegations . Golden , who was hired in December , said that despite the scrutiny of the program , his team had its best practice yet Wednesday . The Hurricanes open their season at Maryland on September 5 . Inside the football program , "  we are moving forward , " he said . The allegations were leveled by Nevin Shapiro , a onetime Miami businessman now serving a 20-year federal prison term for fraud . Shapiro told Yahoo! Sports that he showered dozens of Miami players with cash and jewelry , paid restaurant and nightclub tabs and supplied prostitutes over an eight-year period -- and that several coaches were aware of the activity . Shapiro was arrested in 2010 on charges of overseeing a Ponzi scheme that prosecutors determined had totaled $ 930 million . He pleaded guilty to securities fraud and money laundering in September , and his accusations against Miami were part of his agreement to cooperate with prosecutors , his lawyer told CNN 's "  Newsroom " Wednesday . Golden said that he is cooperating with the NCAA investigation and that part of that entails getting the "  young people " to cooperate , too . "  We want to get to the truth , " he said . The coach declined to elaborate further , citing the ongoing investigations . Once the NCAA concludes its investigation , Golden said , the school and his program will "  act accordingly . " Miami Athletic Director Shawn Eichorst said in a statement Thursday that "  these are not times for pity and reflection . " "  There are tough times ahead , challenges to overcome and serious decisions to be made , but we will be left standing and we will be stronger as a result , " he said . "  I understand there are unanswered questions , concerns and frustration by many but this athletic department will be defined now and in the future , by our core values , our integrity and our commitment to excellence , and by nothing else . " Charles Robinson , who interviewed Shapiro for Yahoo! Sports , called Shapiro "  a mixed bag as a human being , " but documents and former players have backed up some of his allegations . The NCAA , which regulates college sports , said it has been investigating Shapiro 's claims for five months . NCAA President Mark Emmert said in a written statement that if true , the allegations show the need for "  serious and fundamental change " in college sports , especially regarding the conduct of boosters and agents .	NEW : Athletic director says this is not time for "  pity and reflection " Former booster says he spent millions on gifts for athletes Coach Al Golden says his current players have nothing to do with the allegations The NCAA says it has been investigating the allegations for five months
CNN  -- World-famous physicist Stephen Hawking recently said the world as we know it could be obliterated instantaneously . Basically , we would be here one minute and gone the next . Do n't you love physics ? When we speculate about catastrophes , we do n't mess around . The physics underlying this speculation is related to the Higgs particle , whose discovery was announced July 4 , 2012 , at the Large Hadron Collider , the world 's largest particle accelerator , in Geneva , Switzerland . A leading physicist dubbed it the "  God particle " -- a name I wish would disappear , as the particle and the laws of physics tell us nothing whatsoever about God , and God , if she exists , has not opined about the Higgs particle . So , the simplified argument goes like something like this -- the Higgs particle pervades space roughly uniformly , with a relatively high mass -- about 126 times that of the proton  a basic building block of atoms  . Theoretical physicists noted even before the Higgs discovery that its relatively high mass would mean lower energy states exist . Just as gravity makes a ball roll downhill , to the lowest point , so the universe  or any system  tends toward its lowest energy state . If the present universe could one day transition to that lower energy state , then it is unstable now and the transition to a new state would destroy all the particles that exist today . This would happen spontaneously at one point in space and time and then expand throughout the universe at the speed of light . There would be no warning , because the fastest a warning signal could travel is also at the speed of light , so the disaster and the warning would arrive at the same time . We know spontaneous events do happen . The universe began in a rapid expansion called inflation that lasted only a tiny fraction of a second . We owe our existence to that sudden event . Spontaneous change is something you might have seen in chemistry class . Super-cooled water will rapidly crystallize to ice if you drop a snowflake into it , just as a salt crystal will grow when added to a supersaturated salt solution . Back to the universe . Whether the existence of Higgs boson means we 're doomed depends on the mass of another fundamental particle , the top quark . It 's the combination of the Higgs and top quark masses that determine whether our universe is stable . Experiments like those at the Large Hadron Collider allow us to measure these masses . But you do n't need to hold your breath waiting for the answer . The good news is that such an event is very unlikely and should not occur until the universe is many times its present age . Probability is the key . Many bad things are possible A large asteroid destroying the Earth . Getting hit by a bus . Having space time gobbled up by instability in the Higgs field .  For an engaging discussion of the many ways humans can be done in by the cosmos , see the marvelous "  Death from the Skies ! " by Bad Astronomer Phil Plait . Are they likely ? Humans have to prioritize by considering both outcome  death or destruction  and probability . Rare events like the collision of a massive asteroid with the Earth could destroy life as we know it and perhaps the planet itself . However , the chances of a sufficiently massive asteroid intersecting the Earth in the vast emptiness of space is pretty low . Collisions with much less massive asteroids are much more likely but much less destructive . So do n't lose any sleep over possible danger from the Higgs boson , even if the most famous physicist in the world likes to speculate about it . You 're far more likely to be hit by lightning than taken out by the Higgs boson .	Physicist Stephen Hawking said the "  God particle " could destroy the universe Meg Urry : The chance of this particle , known as Higgs boson , obliterating us is tiny She says such an event should not occur until the universe is many times its present age Urry : You 're more likely to die from being hit by lightning than danger from Higgs boson
CNN  -- Severe weather this weekend spawned tornadoes that devastated the country 's heartland . The greatest destruction was in the city of Joplin , Missouri , where at least 125 people were killed and a quarter of the city 's homes and businesses were reportedly damaged . As organizations and first responders provide emergency relief , food and shelter , many people across the country are looking for ways they can help . The Missouri State Emergency Management Agency is providing details on donating and volunteering to help Missourians recover and rebuild . Health professionals interested in volunteering are asked to sign up on the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services Show-Me Response website . The American Red Cross has opened shelters in Missouri and Minnesota . The shelter in Joplin is located at Missouri Southern State University , and the Red Cross is working to provide transportation to the shelter for those in need . The Red Cross is also distributing food , cleanup supplies and comfort kits , and sending health workers to provide immediate care . Text "  REDCROSS " to 90999 to make a $ 10 donation , or visit the website to donate , give blood or volunteer . AmeriCares has sent disaster-relief personnel to Joplin , and it 's working with Access Family Care Clinic to help victims . This expands AmeriCares ' tornado relief operation , which has been assisting various Southern states as they recover from their own recent tornado outbreak . Donations to AmeriCares can be made online or by phone at 1-800-486-HELP . The disaster-response team with Convoy of Hope is heading to Joplin with a truckload of water , snacks and ready-to-eat meals . It is coordinating with local officials to determine what additional supplies should follow and at what locations they can provide essential supplies . Those wanting to help can text the word "  CONVOY " to 50555 to make a $ 10 donation . You can also donate online or by calling 1-417-823-8998 . Feeding America is working with Ozarks Food Harvest to provide emergency food assistance to those in need around the Joplin area . It is accepting donations online and by phone at 1-800-771-2303 . The Heart of Missouri United Way has established the Tornado Relief Fund to help victims . Text "  JOPLIN " to 864833 to make a $ 10 donation , or call 1-573-443-4523 . The United Way of Greater St. Louis is accepting donations and volunteers to help those impacted in the Joplin area . Those interested in volunteering should list their availability and expertise on their Joplin Storm Recovery Volunteer Form . For more opportunities to volunteer with United Way , call 1-800 427-4626 . Heart to Heart International has sent volunteer medical professionals and their mobile medical clinic to the devastated communities in Kansas and Missouri . Heart to Heart also sends hygiene kits for people displaced by the storms , and their care kit assembly instructions can be found here . You can donate or sign up to be a volunteer online or by phone at 1-913-764-5200 . Operation Blessing International has set up a base in Joplin to distribute relief supplies and coordinate volunteers to help local homeowners with repairs and reconstruction . It is accepting volunteers and donations to its Disaster Relief Fund . The Salvation Army has mobilized four feeding kitchens in impacted areas of Joplin . It is also providing relief to other cities that were hit by the weekend tornadoes in Missouri , Minnesota , Kansas and Oklahoma . The Salvation Army 's disaster-relief efforts in Joplin can be supported by texting "  JOPLIN " to 80888 to make a $ 10 donation . You can also donate through their website or by calling 1-800-SAL-ARMY . Samaritan 's Purse is providing assistance to survivors in Joplin . Its first volunteer team is on the ground , and it is asking for more volunteers to join their effort to remove trees and fallen debris and help make repairs on damaged homes . Details to volunteer and donate can be found online and by calling 1-828-262-1980 . ShelterBox has sent a disaster response team to Joplin , and it is working with local officials to determine where emergency shelters and supplies can aid those displaced by the disaster . Donations to fund shelters and supplies can be made online and by calling 1-941-907-6036 . World Vision is now expanding its tornado relief to include the Joplin area . It has sent a team there to determine the most urgent needs . Text " ` TORNADO " to 20222 to give a $ 10 donation . You can also donate online or call 1-888-511-6443 to support World Vision 's effort .	A tornado ripped through Joplin , Missouri , on Sunday night , killing dozens of people Many buildings in the city also suffered significant damage Fortunately , relief organizations have mobilized to help the city and its residents recover
CNN  -- The recent release of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl by the Taliban in Afghanistan has refocused attention on some of the other Americans held captive in that region . Bergdahl spent five years in the hands of the Taliban before the U.S. government reached an agreement for a prisoner swap with his captors stirring debate in the United States about the terms of the deal and circumstances surrounding his capture . Although Bergdahl was the only American soldier in captivity , other U.S. citizens are being held in the region . The longest detention is that of former FBI agent Bob Levinson , who went missing after traveling to an Iranian island more than seven years ago . His family says he was working for the CIA at the time . Republican Congressman Duncan Hunter wrote to President Barack Obama this week to ask why three other Americans he said were being held by Taliban-linked militants were not part of the deal that freed Bergdahl . Here are several of the most high-profile cases : Bob Levinson In March , Levinson , 66 , passed a grim milestone , becoming the longest held hostage American in history . He vanished after traveling to the Iranian island of Kish in March 2007 . The FBI says he was there as a private investigator . But news reports late last year said he was working as an independent CIA contractor when he disappeared . That prompted his family to speak out , saying they kept it quiet for years that Levinson was working for the CIA , because the U.S. government had warned them that revealing it would put him in more jeopardy . The FBI , White House and CIA have not publicly acknowledged any connection between the CIA and Levinson . It 's unclear who exactly is holding him or what his condition is . The family received a video in 2010 in which Levinson said he had been treated well but needed the help of the U.S. government "  to answer the requests of the group that has held me for three-and-a-half years . " American officials have said they believe Levinson , who has diabetes and high blood pressure , is being held somewhere in southwest Asia . In March , Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. government "  remains committed to the safe return of Mr. Levinson to his family . " He asked the Iranian government to "  work cooperatively with us " on the investigation , Kerry said . But Iran has repeatedly said it is n't holding Levinson and does n't know his whereabouts . During an interview in September with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani was asked what he could tell Levinson 's family . "  We do n't know where he is , who he is , " Rouhani said . "  He is an American who has disappeared . We have no news of him . " In January , Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif tolds CNN 's Jim Sciutto that he had n't seen "  anything that could prove " that Levinson was ever in Iran . If he was , Zarif said , the United States should explain "  what a CIA operative was doing " there . Warren Weinstein Gunmen abducted Weinstein nearly three years ago from his home in Lahore , Pakistan . They posed as neighbors , offered food and then pistol-whipped the American aid worker and tied up his guards . The 72-year-old is being held by al Qaeda , which released a video of Weinstein at Christmas , showing him looking tired and pale . "  Nine years ago , I came to Pakistan to help my government and I did so at a time when most Americans would not come here , " he said . "  And now , when I need my government , it seems I have been totally abandoned and forgotten . " His daughter , Alisa , says she 's worried about his health : he has a heart condition and severe asthma . She told CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday that the release of Bergdahl raised her hopes that her father could be next . For years , when Warren Weinstein 's case came up , U.S. officials called for his release but repeatedly said Washington would n't bargain with al Qaeda . Now , Alisa Weinstein says it 's clear that negotiating is an option . But she also said she 's worried that the political backlash over Bergdahl 's case could harm her father 's cause . "  We started to realize that the administration is going to be a lot less likely to do this again if it causes some political problems for them , " she said . "  So does that mean that the door is closed for us ? " Weinstein was employed by J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , a U.S. consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia , that is a USAID contractor . He is a world-renowned development expert , according to the company 's website . "  My father is just as deserving of freedom as Sgt. Bergdahl , as are all of the Americans who are being held abroad , " his daughter said . Caitlin Coleman In October 2012 , Coleman and her husband , Joshua Boyle , disappeared in Afghanistan . In his last contact , Boyle , a Canadian , said they were in an "  unsafe " part of the war-torn country . Coleman 's family received two videos last year in which the couple asked to be freed from the Taliban captors . The family gave the videos to The Associated Press . In the videos , Coleman is nine-months pregnant and makes a direct plea to "  my President Barack Obama for help . " "  I would ask that my family and my government do everything they can to bring my husband , child and I to safety and freedom , " she says . Her family had already a posted video of their own on YouTube two months after she and Boyle disappeared , appealing for their safe return . They said they were concerned about her health and fearful for her unborn child . "  As parents and soon-to-be grandparents , we appeal to whomever is caring for her to show compassion and allow Catie , Josh , and our unborn grandbaby to come home , " her father said . Boyle 's former wife , Zaynab , is the sister of Omar Khadr , a former Guantanamo detainee who allegedly received training from al Qaeda . Their father , Ahmed Said Khadr , was a senior al Qaeda leader with connections to Osama Bin Laden . Less than two weeks after Khadr was released from Guantanamo and sent back to Canada , Boyle and Coleman went missing . The videos Coleman 's family received offer the only clue about what may have happened to the couple , but provide little proof they were indeed kidnapped . No demands for ransom have been made . State Department officials say they are aware of the video and of the disappearance of the couple and are in touch with the family . But they say they ca n't say more because of privacy laws . A spokesman for the Canadian Foreign Ministry says that the government is aware that Boyle and Coleman have been kidnapped in Afghanistan and is in contact with the Afghans about the case . The six soldiers at center of Bergdahl debate CNN 's Randi Kaye , Elise Labott and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was released last weekend by the Taliban His case has drawn attention to other Americans held in the region Bob Levinson disappeared after to traveling to an Iranian island in 2007 Other Americans are being held in Afghanistan and Pakistan
Lake Turkana , Kenya  CNN  -- Richard Leakey has spent a lifetime exploring Kenya 's Turkana Basin searching for the origins of man . Each layer of sediment , says the paleoanthropologist and founder of the Turkana Basin Institute , helps to tell the narrative of human evolution . "  You get the whole story of life represented going back from the present right back to the beginnings of an ape that has two legs as opposed to four , " Leakey said . "  So the whole story of humanity you can actually trace to the Turkana Basin . " But Leakey says these ancient hills tell another story , a history of climactic changes that gave rise to some species and led to the extinction of others . With climate change , he says , this history could be repeated . "  The future of humanity is not going to be in the sediments , it is going to be in our minds and our thinking and unfortunately what we find here is that evidence , " Leakey said . "  What we find here that is scientifically provable , immutable facts does n't necessarily get absorbed for the moment by the political class who simply do n't want to know the ugly truth that the world is a mess . " On the shores of Lake Turkana -- the largest desert lake in the world -- they do n't need to know the science of climate change . For more than 1,000 years , fishermen have been bringing in their catch , but , in less than a generation , they have witnessed disturbing changes . "  When I was young this lake was full , says Lazarao Maraka , a local fisherman . "  The water just keeps going down . We used to get big fish every day , now they are tiny . " Maraka has reason to worry . Sometimes it is hard to see the effects of climate change , but not at Lake Turkana . Global human impact on Earth Thirty years ago the area was covered with water . Now , it is just sand and gravel . And scientists believe that in just a few decades it will be reduced to a couple of puddles . Upriver dam projects could further hasten the retreat , a potential catastrophe for the entire region that depends on the lake for food and economic survival . "  I think the prospect of many of these half million people living around the lake today of having to relocate to cities and to slums and to abandon their culture , abandon their ancestral land , become paupers in their own land , I think it is very real , " Leakey says . "  I think the way of life is gone ... I have no doubt about that at all . I think if you came back here or my grandchildren came back in 50 years we would n't recognize what we are talking about today . " Leakey 's Turkana Basin Institute is trying to understand how climate change is affecting the Turkana . More : Could big cities lead fight against climate change ? Sometimes the best thing to do is listen . The Turkana say the rains are less frequent and the droughts come more often . The unpredictable weather and vanishing pasture has decimated their herds . Climate change does affect the Turkana people , says Ikal Angelei from the Turkana Basin Institute . "  With the increase of drought it has made the communities unable to adapt to the changes , because it happens so often , " Angelei said . Leakey says that anyone skeptical about climate change should visit the Turkana Basin . "  Coming to a place like this , I think you actually show people what happens . These are real issues that you can see and feel and almost touch that may make people understand that we are on the edge of a precipice and we are going over , " he said . "  We have accelerated a process and it is based on the belief that somehow we can maintain control . I think our carbon dioxide emissions are out of control . " Even with the changes around Lake Turkana , fishermen like Lazaro Maraka still try to eke out a living the only way they know how . He worries what will be left for his son Eroo if the lake continues to recede . "  If there is no lake or no fish , then the people will not survive around this lake . This lake is the Turkana 's life , " Maraka says . This place has helped unlock humanity 's past . Today , it could also be providing a window on its future .	Conservationist Richard Leakey has been working in Kenya 's Turkana Basin for years Leakey says fishermen have seen evidence of climate change in the water as levels recede Potentially catastrophic as entire region is dependent on the lake for food and economic survival
Washington  CNN  -- An FBI agent drowned Thursday in Puerto Rico while trying to save a swimmer , the FBI announced Friday . Special Agent Daniel Knapp was off duty and at the beach when friends of a struggling swimmer asked for help . Knapp put on his swim fins and went into the water off Playa Escondida -- Spanish for Hidden Beach -- in Fajardo , Puerto Rico . Knapp reached the 18-year-old swimmer and was assisting him , but was overcome by waves , FBI spokesman Harry Rodriguez said . A police boat reached the swimmer and he was pulled to safety . "  Special Agent Knapp exemplified each of the ideals of the FBI , as well as possessing those traits which define a genuine wonderful person , " said Joseph Campbell , the head of the FBI 's Puerto Rico Field Office . "  He died a hero , saving another life . " Knapp , 43 , had been with the FBI for six years and was based in San Juan . The FBI says he received the 2011 FBI Director 's Award for Outstanding Criminal Investigation and the 2011 Attorney General 's Award for Excellence in Law Enforcement .	Special Agent Daniel Knapp drowned helping a struggling swimmer He reached the 18-year-old and was assisting him , but was overcome by waves A police boat reached the swimmer and he was pulled to safety Knapp "  exemplified each of the ideals of the FBI , " field office chief says
CNN  Thinking about presidential candidates ? Apparently , hormones are a major factor one should consider . According to one female businesswoman in Texas , Hillary Clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war . When George W. Bush waged an unnecessary war in Iraq -- was his testosterone to blame ? As Cheryl Rios , the CEO of Go Ape Marketing , sees it : "  We 're built differently , we have different hormones . In the world that we live in , I understand that there 's equal rights and that 's a wonderful thing and I support all of that . I do n't support a woman being president . " "  With the hormones we have there is no way we should be able to start a war , " Rios wrote in a Facebook post . If Rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the Oval Office , she 'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president . Throughout history , male hormones have indeed impaired some male leaders ' decision-making . Studies show that women leaders take fewer unnecessary risks than their male counterparts . If science does n't convince you , just Google "  cheating politicians " for the long and sordid list of men like Arnold Schwarzenegger , Mark Sanford and John Edwards , whose hormones got the best of them . Rios has taken a lot of flak for her "  biblically " inspired beliefs , but she 's not the only one who 's arguing that a woman 's hormones are a legitimate leadership concern . Time magazine declared Hillary Clinton the "  perfect " age to be president , because she 's a postmenopausal woman who is "  biologically primed " to lead .  She also happens to be a former first lady , senator and secretary of state . I 'm not joking . Believe me , I wish I were . No wonder Jon Stewart left "  The Daily Show " before the election cycle ramps up in full swing . If discussions about a candidate 's hormones are what we have to look forward to , the state of presidential politics is depressing indeed . But underneath the biochemistry debate is a much scarier consideration : The bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in 2015 , a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected unless we have a serious discussion about ending gender bias . We want to believe that we live in a world where our daughters can do anything and be anything . And you 'd think they could -- they outnumber boys in college , graduate school and the work force . But what will limit their potential is not biochemistry or ability , but a bias in how women and girls are viewed . Unfortunately , Cheryl Rios ' view of women is not unique . Some people believe women have "  our place " and that place is not at the table . They 'll tell your daughter to "  go for it " but believe she is n't qualified to fulfill her dreams . In a compelling series about women and work , Wharton School professor Adam Grant and Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg lay out the startling facts about the bias women face at work and the profound benefit of eradicating gender stereotypes . The evidence of bias is undeniable and the examples are endless . It 's overt : There are more men on corporate boards named John , Robert , William or James than there are women on boards altogether . The bias is also covert : When students rate their favorite professors , they describe the men as "  geniuses " and the women as "  nice . " The bias is real , yet so many of us are blind to it . Hillary Clinton might not be the perfect candidate , but the fact that she is a woman will make her road to the White House a much steeper climb . That 's not just a problem for Democrats -- it 's a problem for Republicans , Independents , everyone . The fact is , equality benefits everyone . It 's better for the bottom line  companies with more women in leadership roles make more money  . It 's great for kids because children with involved fathers are happier , healthier , and more successful . It 's great for marriages because couples that share responsibilities have stronger marriages . And it 's great for corporate teams because diverse teams and companies produce better results . Our nation , our economy and our families would be much stronger if half of our companies were run by women and half of our households were run by men . It 's not enough to say to our daughters : "  You can be anything you want to be . " What we need to say is : "  You can be anything you want to be , despite what some people might think -- and what they think is wrong . " Rios said that if Clinton is elected , she is "  moving to Canada " because "  a female should n't be president . " Apparently Rios knows as much about women and leadership as she knows about Canada : Kim Campbell became the country 's first female prime minister in 1993 . Correction : An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that Canadians elected their first female prime minister , Kim Campbell .	A businesswoman worries that if Hillary Clinton becomes president , her hormones will make her go to war Mel Robbins : What 's scary is that the bias against women in the workplace is still going strong in 2015
New York  CNN  -- Before O.J. Simpson and Casey Anthony , before Scott Peterson , Amanda Knox and the cottage industry of cable news legal pundits , there was the shocking case of Jeffrey MacDonald . Ten years after his pregnant wife and two young daughters were butchered in their home in Fort Bragg , North Carolina , MacDonald was convicted of the killings and sentenced to life in prison . While a jury was convinced beyond a reasonable doubt of MacDonald 's guilt , many people were still left with one lingering question : Did he really do it ? The drama surrounding the heinous crimes and the subsequent trial fascinated the public for decades . It sparked controversial best-selling books , an immensely popular television miniseries and an explosive "  60 Minutes " interview that was watched by tens of millions of viewers . Today , more than 40 years after the murders , questions are still being raised about MacDonald 's guilt . "  We 've been sold a bill of goods about this case , " said filmmaker Errol Morris . "  It 's as phony as a three dollar bill . " Morris , an Academy Award-winning documentary director whose acclaimed movies include "  The Fog of War " and "  The Thin Blue Line , " has made that opinion the centerpiece of a new investigative book , "  A Wilderness of Error : The Trials of Jeffrey MacDonald . " At more than 500 pages , it aims to prove that an innocent man is in prison . "  The evidence is neither clear nor convincing , " Morris told CNN . "  There are many things about this case that rub me the wrong way , but principal among them was how the jury was asked to make decisions about his guilt or innocence with incomplete evidence , evidence that was withheld , corrupted and suppressed . " Flawed forensic analysis , a contaminated crime scene , damaged and destroyed evidence and an effort to bury a confession all contributed to a miscarriage of justice , according to Morris . "  This has nagged me for so many years , "  Morris said . "  I felt I should do something . " What is not in dispute is what happened at 544 Castle Drive in the early morning hours of February 17 , 1970 . Military police officers responding to a call from MacDonald found his wife , Colette , beaten and stabbed to death in the master bedroom ; the couple 's two daughters , Kimberly , 5 , and Kristen , 3 , were in their beds , also stabbed to death . MacDonald , who was wounded with two stab wounds and a collapsed lung , told investigators that he was sleeping on the couch when he heard screaming . He said he awoke to find in his home three men and one woman , who he described as having blond hair and wearing a floppy hat . They were chanting "  kill the pigs " and "  acid 's groovy " before attacking him , MacDonald told the investigators . MacDonald and his claim of killer hippies made headlines around the country . They also turned him into a prime focus of the investigation . "  The story is so bizarre and unlikely and it might actually be true , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It seems too preposterous on its face that a smart guy might have come up with something better , which raises the possibility that it might actually be true . " What is absolutely certain is that a military inquiry into the murders recommended MacDonald not be court-martialed , citing a lack of evidence . MacDonald was granted an honorable discharge . He moved to Southern California , where he practiced medicine . But the case against him was far from over . In 1975 , a grand jury indicted MacDonald for the murders . He was ultimately convicted in 1979 and sentenced to life in prison . "  He is almost the definition of an unlikely murder suspect , " said Toobin . "  Princeton graduate , medical doctor , Green Beret , these are the kinds of credentials we associate with people at the top of the heap in this country , not convicted murderers . " Was MacDonald the victim of injustice or a manipulative , cold-blooded killer ? "  Fatal Vision , " the 1983 book on the case by Joe McGinniss , portrayed MacDonald as a cunning sociopath . Asked to comment on "  Wilderness of Error , " McGinniss issued the following statement to CNN : "  Jeffrey MacDonald was convicted of the murders of his wife and two young daughters in 1979 . In all the years since , every court that has considered the case -- including the United States Supreme Court -- has upheld that verdict in every aspect . MacDonald is guilty not simply beyond a reasonable doubt , but beyond any doubt . " A key figure in Morris ' bid to show MacDonald is innocent is Helena Stoeckley , the woman who confessed to being in the home the night of the murders . Stoeckley , who had a history of drug and alcohol abuse , and who died in 1983 , testified that she had no involvement in the murders . Morris said she was encouraged by a prosecutor to alter her testimony . "  Stoeckley was crucial to the defense case because she gave us reason to believe that MacDonald was telling the truth , " Morris said . "  But if you cut her out of the story by pressuring her to change her story , you are going to change the outcome of the trial . " James Blackburn , the prosecutor who MacDonald said threatened Stoeckley , would not comment on the charge because of pending litigation . "  I was the prosecutor in the case , and I did that job to the best of my ability , " Blackburn told CNN . "  I did it in great reliance of the evidence the government had and we presented an honorable case and it was straightforward and it was based on good and competent evidence . And I agree with the jury 's verdict . " Today , MacDonald , who will be 69 in October , still has his believers . In addition to Morris , they include Hammond A. Beale , who served as a legal adviser during the Fort Bragg military inquiry into the murders . "  I think those of us that are on the side that believes he is totally innocent ca n't believe this happened , " Beale said . "  This guy has not only lost his wife and kids but loses his career and ends up in prison for the rest of his life . That 's horrendous . " "  The army got it right , the federal courts royally screwed it up , " Beale added . "  I do n't think this will ever go away until justice is done . " Morris doubts the conviction will be overturned . Still , he is hopeful MacDonald will one day be freed from custody . "  It 's a principle of fairness , " Morris said . "  You do n't want to convict an innocent man . "	Jeffrey MacDonald 's wife and two daughters were murdered in 1970 A military inquiry recommended he not be tried for the killings , citing a lack of evidence He was later tried and convicted in criminal court and is serving a life sentence Today , a new book by filmmaker Errol Morris seeks to prove MacDonald 's innocence
Tijuana , Mexico  CNN  -- On Tijuana 's Avenue de la Revolucion , street vendor and sidewalk philosopher Juan Ramon Rocha leaned on his coin and jewelry cart and waited . But the tourists from across the border never rushed into the streets of T.J. , as it 's often called . Rocha made one sale , to a local resident , in an hour . "  The business , you can see for yourself , it went down 95 percent , " he said . "  Please tell them , the Americans , it 's safe to come here . We are all Americanos , North Americanos . Do you see any problems here ? " A few yards away , there was a donkey painted like a zebra , hitched to a cart full of sombreros , a Tijuana photo opportunity . But no smiling tourists stepped into the picture frame . Visitors have been scared off because at least 18,000 people have been killed in Mexico since President Felipe Calderon dispatched the army to fight the drug cartels in December 2006 . Tijuana 's grisliest murders include decapitations , dismemberments , dozens of police killings and the deaths of three teenagers at school . Fear of Tijuana 's streets seeps deep into California . As groups of 240 students from Westmont College near Santa Barbara , California , drove down the coast to do missionary work in Ensenada , Mexico , none ventured to Tijuana . The missionaries doing spring break volunteer projects in poor neighborhoods were given a simple edict : Do not stop in T.J. Hanna Walker kneeled , pounding nails into shingles , on a rooftop of a small house taking shape on a dirt road high above Ensenada . "  To be honest , I was a tiny bit nervous crossing the border , " Walker said . "  I 've been to Mexico before , but not for service projects . But now that I have been here -LSB- Ensenada -RSB- a couple days , I am perfectly comfortable . " The Westmont students are taking precautions as part of their annual Potter 's Clay missionary work . "  We are staying in a group , " Walker explained . "  We are making sure that I am with someone all the time . When we went downtown for dinner , we just paired up and walked around in twos , the buddy system . We locked cars . We 're just being smart about it . " Ensenada welcomes any business it can get , as its tourism trade has also been choked off by concerns about border violence . Fortunately , cruise ships still dock in Ensenada 's Bahia de Los Santos , a daily divine arrival that spills cash-carrying tourists onto shore . But we saw just two visitors who said they drove over the border to visit Ensenada . All the other beer-carrying , trinket-buying tourists came from the ship . "  People are afraid of driving by Tijuana , " said Papas and Beer manager Cesar Marquez . "  That 's what 's hurting us -LSB- Ensenada -RSB- the most . " Later , in Tijuana , as the shadows stretched out with the dropping sun , we were approached by a man with an outdated nylon jacket . His cheeks were chipped by acne scars . The camera was far out of sight . "  I can help you find whatever you need , " he said . "  What do you want ? I help people find the good clubs and get dates and more . You pay me . " We told him we were journalists on a story and not interested . "  Oh then pay me , and I will tell you a lot for your story , about everything that goes on here , " the hustler said . Everything -- did he mean drugs or guns , or both ? We had no intent to find out , kept to our tight travel schedule and drove out of Tijuana to a border crossing just several cars deep . More than five years ago , that vehicle line extended so far back into Mexico , a re-entry at San Ysidro , California , could take hours . We zipped through the checkpoint in 10 minutes , another sign that Mexico 's border violence is frightening off American tourists .	At least 18,000 people have been killed since Mexican army began fighting drug cartels College students doing missionary work during spring break told not to stop in Tijuana Light traffic at border crossings another sign that border violence is scaring off tourists
