Kabul , Aghanistan  CNN  -- Three suicide attackers died Saturday in a strike on a NATO base in Afghanistan 's capital , the Interior Ministry said . The incident occurred at Camp Phoenix in Kabul . Two of them detonated explosive devices near the base and another was shot and killed by police before he could set off bombs . The attackers also carried small arms and rocket-propelled grenades before they were killed . There were no other casualties reported by Afghanistan authorities . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force did not have any immediate comment .	3 attackers failed to penetrate NATO base in Afghanistan , authorities say The incident occurred at Camp Phoenix in Kabul
CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Beirut is asking for assistance in locating two missing American journalists who were on vacation in Lebanon and have not been heard from since they left the Lebanese capital last week . Holli Chmela , 27 , was last heard from when she and a fellow journalist left Beirut , Lebanon , on October 1 . Holli Chmela , 27 , and her male companion , Taylor Luck , 23 , arrived in Lebanon on September 29 from Amman , Jordan , the embassy said . They left Beirut on October 1 , telling friends they were headed for the northern Lebanese cities of Byblos and Tripoli that day . No one has reported any contact with them since then , the embassy said . "  They were then to cross by land to Syria before returning to Jordan , " the embassy said . "  Chmela and Luck were due to report to work in Jordan on October 4 . " Luck is an editor with The Jordan Times in Amman , and Chmela had been working as a freelancer for the newspaper , said Sameer Barhoum , the paper 's editor . After flying into Beirut last week , the two planned to travel by land to the northern Syrian city of Aleppo before returning to Jordan -- also by land -- by Saturday , Barhoum said . Luck 's mother called Barhoum on Sunday after not hearing from her son in three days , he said . She also said the last time Luck used his credit card was October 1 in Lebanon . "  We are hoping that both are safe and looking forward to see them with us soon , " Barhoum said . Abdul Wahab Zugaylat , the head of Jordan 's press association , said , "  We are waiting to hear officially from the U.S. Embassy that they did not depart the Lebanese borders . " The U.S. Embassy said it is working with the Lebanese Internal Security Force to investigate the whereabouts of the pair . "  In addition , the U.S. Embassy in Beirut is coordinating efforts with the U.S. embassies in Amman and Damascus -LSB- Syria -RSB- as well as with the Department of State in Washington , " the embassy said . In Washington , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said he had no details about the missing Americans . CNN 's Caroline Faraj in Dubai contributed to this report .	NEW : Mom called newspaper after she had n't heard from son in three days Two on vacation in Lebanon and have n't been heard from since a week ago They reportedly were headed for northern Lebanese cities of Byblos and Tripoli
CNN  -- Colorado police searching for a missing 10-year-old girl said Sunday they found her backpack in a subdivision more than six miles away from her home , their first break in the case . Police would not say what items were in the bag belonging to Jessica Ridgeway , who has been missing since Friday , except that some of the items had her name on them . A homeowner in a subdivision in Superior found the bag on the sidewalk outside his house about 6.4 miles from the girl 's hometown of Westminster . Both towns are along the Denver-Boulder Turnpike . "  We 're trying to determine when it got there , why it got there , " Westminster Police Investigator Trevor Materasso said , adding it 's a big break in the case . A bloodhound is being used at the scene where the bag was found , Materasso said . Police had not previously been searching for Jessica in the area . They are now interviewing nearby residents , Materasso said . Jessica was last seen by her mother as she left for school walking to a friend 's house . Authorities then issued a statewide Amber Alert for Jessica , who has blue eyes , blonde hair , and glasses . She was last seen wearing blue jeans , a black puffy jacket with pink lining , and black boots with pom-poms , according to the Amber Alert . New York : Infant remains found in backyard Suspect charged in Wales over missing girl	NEW : Police say a backpack they found belongs to Jessica NEW : Police say it 's a big break in the case A resident found the backpack with items with girl 's name on them The 10-year-old was last seen walking to school Friday morning
CNN  Mao Zedong 's "  Little Red Book , " a selection of the chairman 's quotations , was required reading during China 's Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 70s . China has now updated the practice for the digital age -- launching a smartphone app starring its current leader , President Xi Jinping , and featuring his latest speeches , statements and publications . Designed by the Central Party School , which trains Chinese Communist Party leaders , the app aims to "  arouse enthusiasm " for socialist ideologies . "  With the help of Internet technology , we hope that the theories of socialism with Chinese characteristics will be presented in a way that appeals to web users , " Chen Jiancai , the managing editor of the school 's official web site , said , according to Xinhua , China 's state news agency . The app features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that Xi quotes from . It even has an interactive map that allows you to pinpoint exactly where he made the speeches . It 's unclear how many people have downloaded the app , which is available on Apple 's App Store . Willy Lam , a China politics scholar at the Chinese University of Hong Kong told CNN the app forms part of Xi 's efforts to cultivate a very different image to his predecessors . Xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people -- he 's been photographed eating dumplings and has appeared in three animated cartoons . His down-to-earth behavior has drawn a huge number of fans , who address him as "  Xi Dada " -- Big Uncle Xi -- but it 's also aroused concern among some China analysts , who believe that Xi is using the state propaganda apparatus to build a cult of personality . "  This is the 21st century 's Little Red Book , " Lam says . "  He wants to be the supreme authority and build his prestige . The personality cult campaign will only grow . " The app drew mixed reviews online and on social media . One headline on a technology news site read "  How can you call yourself Chinese if you do n't download it ? " Some said the app , called Xuexi Zhongguo , which translates to "  study China , " would be a handy study tool . "  Xuexi Zhongguo is an extremely useful app ... for civil servants selection tests , " says one Weibo user @afeixiaoxiaozhuai . But others said they would boycott it . "  If they introduce an Android version , I 'll get an iPhone . And if it 's in Apple Store , I 'll say I can only afford an Android phone . If they are available on both systems , I 'll get a Nokia -- sorry , I ca n't afford a smartphone , " said @Mujia .	Xi Jinping 's sayings now available in a new smartphone app Scholars call it a new version of Mao 's "  Little Red Book "
CNN  -- It was big news in the tech world -- or at least it would have been if it had been true . Google , so the story went , had purchased ICOA , a Wi-Fi provider , for $ 400 million . Some news organizations pounced , with everyone from long-established outlets like The Associated Press to new-media tech blogs like TechCrunch reporting the news Monday . But hours later , both companies would deny the story , which PR Web , a site that distributes press releases for a fee , says was planted by someone falsely claiming to represent ICOA . Hoaxes have slipped their way into the public eye for as long as journalism has existed . But media experts say the way bad information spread so quickly casts a light on how reporting can go wrong in the fast-paced world of Web journalism . Long gone are the days when newspapers and the evening TV news were the only game in town -- when reporters had hours , if not days , to sift through a report before sharing it with the masses . In their place is an info-hungry Web that wants news now and rewards the quick with a currency of page views , Twitter links and Facebook "  likes . " "  With something like this , there are a lot of blogs and websites that build their reputation on the tech world , " said Kelly McBride , a senior faculty member at the Poynter Institute , a nonprofit devoted to the study and teaching of journalism . "  If Google is spending $ 400 million to buy something , there are people who are expected to have something to say about that and they want to be in that mix . " The Onion : We just fooled the Chinese government ! While a rush to get into that mix as quickly as possible probably played a role , McBride said there were multiple breakdowns in the Google-ICOA nonstory . The first , obviously , was the person who -- according to PR Web owners Vocus -- impersonated an ICOA representative . "  Vocus reviews all press releases and follows an internal process designed to maintain the integrity of the releases we send out every day , " the company said in a written statement . "  Even with reasonable safeguards identity theft occurs , on occasion , across all of the major wire services . We have removed the fraudulent release and turned the matter over to the proper authorities for further investigation . " On Thursday , Vocus CEO Rick Rudman published a letter apologizing for the gaffe and promising that the company had improved it 's process . "  It 's clear that we have to hold our service to an ever-higher standard , so PRWeb will continue to evolve , " Rudman wrote . " We will continue to deliver a service that 's valuable to our customers , valuable to our readers and valuable to our distribution and media partners -- and we 'll work tirelessly to deliver on these promises . " Financial experts say the hoax looks like an illegal effort to inflate ICOA 's meager stock . Shares , which trade for a fraction of a penny , jumped in price dramatically Monday and hundreds of millions of shares changed hands before the stock was frozen . ICOA CEO George Strouthopoulos told Mashable , a CNN content partner , that the release apparently originated in Aruba and was sent from an e-mail account designed to look like an official ICOA address . But the most damning gaffe may have been PR Web 's , McBride said . Acquired by Vocus in 2006 , PR Web aims to compete with the decades-old PR Newswire and other press-release outlets . "  Their quality-control process in printing out press releases obviously has some problems , " McBride said . "  It 's not just that they got ` hacked ' -- but that it was a pretty crappy press release . " The release had several grammatical errors , included no contact information for representatives of Google or ICOA , and did n't include biographical information about the companies that is typical in releases from major corporations . In a post titled "  How PRWeb Helps Distribute Crap Into Google & News Sites , " Danny Sullivan of Search Engine Land searched PR Web and found one of the Internet 's ubiquitous "  how to buy cheap Viagra " posts and other content that would seem more at home in a spam e-mail than on a news site . The final error , McBride said , was on the part of reporters . Whether racing to publish fast or working on analysis of the supposed purchase , news outlets missed what should have been red flags . "  Journalists who were looking at it should have spotted those same weak spots in the press release and questioned whether it was real or not , " she said . "  Those journalists were relying on PR Web to do that and they should n't have . "  It would be easy to conclude that we 're all going too fast . But it could be that we placed way too much trust in PR Web ... and assuming it had the same checks and balances and safety nets that other PR wires have . " Full disclosure : Last year , this reporter , like others at numerous news outlets , was duped by pranksters who created an entire website for a fictional consulting firm to release a phony survey comparing the IQs of users of various Web browsers . Perhaps helping push the fake ICOA story , McBride said , was the Web 's ability to share news stories in real time . "  Once one organization does it , other organizations tend to place even more blind faith , " she said . "  Once the AP  for example  does it , then everyone does it . " The Associated Press retracted and issued a correction for the story . When contacted , an AP spokeswoman referred CNN to the wire service 's retraction , which cited ICOA and "  a person close to Google " as saying the original report was untrue . TechCrunch apologized to its readers , both owning up to the error and appearing to take a shot at PR Web in the process . "  We were wrong on this post , for not following up with Google and the other company involved but posting rather than ... waiting on a solid confirmation beforehand from either source , " read an editor 's note atop the original post . "  We apologize to our readers , to the companies involved , and we 'll be sure to act in a more responsible manner for future stories , rather than trusting the word of a website that does n't necessarily hold itself up to any journalistic standards . " Forbes and Reuters were among the other news outlets that reported the fake purchase , as were popular tech sites PC Magazine , The Next Web , Business Insider , Engadget , VentureBeat , The Verge and GigaOM . Other outlets , like MSNBC and USA Today , ran the Associated Press account .	Fake news report about Google sheds light on Web news pitfalls Press release saying Web giant bought Wi-Fi company was a hoax In rush to publish , many online outlets failed to double-check accuracy NEW : CEO apologizes , promises changes
Atlanta  CNN  The breakup of a gun smuggling ring allegedly involving a current and former Delta Air Lines employee has exposed what a New York prosecutor described as an "  egregious breach of security " at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport . Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth Thompson said Tuesday that the investigation was "  deeply troubling " -- not only for the havoc the gun running unleashed on the streets but because of the vulnerability to acts of terrorism on air travel that it revealed . "  If they can put guns on the plane this time , " he told reporters , "  they could have easily put a bomb on one of those planes . " Two men worked together to smuggle guns and ammunition on at least 20 flights from Atlanta to New York from May to December , officials said . "  We have an egregious breach of security " at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport because airport employees "  are not required to go through screening , " said Thompson . In total , 153 guns were recovered as part of a complex investigation that Thompson outlined by using charts and surveillance video during a press conference in New York . Eugene Harvey , who worked for Delta at the Atlanta airport , was arrested at his home in Atlanta on Monday , authorities said . According to Harvey 's arrest warrant affidavit , here 's how the operation worked : -- Harvey used his security clearance to help provide guns to a passenger named Mark Quentin Henry after Henry cleared security . -- Henry , the former employee , allegedly brought the firearms in his carry-on luggage on at least five flights from Atlanta to New York between May 1 and December 10 . -- During that time frame , Henry supplied 129 handguns and two assault rifles to co-conspirators in New York , the affidavit states . -- One of those co-conspirators ended up selling the firearms to an undercover New York police officer . "  Gun violence is tearing our country apart , " Thompson said . "  In Brooklyn , far too many people have been victims of gun violence . " Reese McCranie , spokesperson for the Atlanta airport , said officials have cooperated with the FBI , the Transportation Security Administration and other agencies and was reviewing its security . "  As part of the TSA - and airport-approved multi-layered security plan , all employees must pass extensive criminal history record checks , security threat assessments , and security training prior to being approved for access to secured areas , " he said in a statement . "  Additionally , employees are subjected to continuous vetting and random inspections . " In a statement , the TSA said it took "  the potential for insider threats at airports very seriously . " "  TSA administers security threat assessments and airport criminal checks for all airline employees prior to receiving credentials and access privileges , " the statement said . "  This is a recurring vetting process that involves random checks . TSA continues to closely partner with law enforcement on this investigation and , where possible , will use the findings from the investigation to improve current processes . " Thompson praised Delta for being cooperative from start to finish of the undercover probe . Henry was arrested in New York on December 10 after landing at John F. Kennedy International Airport with 18 handguns in his bag -- seven of which were loaded , the affidavit says . "  The problem at this airport in Atlanta is that the employees do n't have to go through screening , " Thompson said . "  Henry knew that . Henry would give Harvey the guns outside the airport . Harvey would go through . All he had to to was badge himself in ... and he 's in the terminal with the guns . " Henry told investigators that he had flown from Atlanta to New York with the 18 firearms and associated ammunition in his carry-on bag , FBI task force agent George Taylor wrote in the affidavit . TSA seizes record number of firearms So how could a man get more than a dozen guns on a flight in his carry-on backpack ? "  Had the eighteen firearms been inside the Oakley bag when Henry passed through TSA screening , the firearms would have been discovered , " Taylor wrote . "  Accordingly , I reasonably believe the eighteen firearms bypassed security . " The ` backdoor method ' Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst , said the suspects apparently "  took advantage of known loopholes " in airport security . Baggage handlers and other airport employees do n't have to go through a concourse screening as passengers do , creating a "  backdoor method " for airport employees to smuggle materials , she said . "  That 's literally been a loophole since 2002 , " when the TSA was established , she said . "  There was a big issue on cost . " When she was inspector general of the Transportation Department for six years ending in 1996 , Schiavo raised the "  same kind of warning " about the screening of airport employees . "  This is an important wake-up call . I just hope Washington and the airports heed it , " she said . Schiavo said that "  it will take a lot of expense and manpower to close that loophole . " At the news conference , Thompson held one of the weapons allegedly smuggled by Henry -- an AK-47 . "  This gun can shoot through a car door , " he said . "  It can shoot through an apartment door . It can shoot through a bullet-proof vest . In November , Mr. Henry brought this gun on a Delta commercial airliner to New York . " Transfer in men 's restroom ? On the morning of December 10 , the affidavit says , baggage handler Harvey used his security clearance to enter Delta 's employee parking lot and then the secure area of the airport . "  Employees entering this area are not subjected to screening by the Transportation Security Administration  TSA  , neither at the time of entry into the employee parking lot , nor upon entry to the internal secure/restricted area at Hartsfield-Jackson , " the affidavit states . Surveillance video showed that on the same morning , the passenger Henry cleared security with a black Oakley backpack . He then went to sit down at the airport 's Concourse B . According to Taylor , that 's when Henry started texting Harvey . Moments later , Harvey entered a men 's restroom in Concourse B. And Henry followed . After one minute , the affidavit says , Henry walked out of the restroom with the backpack . Gun packed in PlayStation 2 gets passenger arrested The criminal complaint also says on several occasions this year , Harvey used his security clearance to enter the secure Delta employee parking lot -- even though he was supposed to be off or on sick leave . And on each of those dates , Henry boarded a flight from Atlanta to New York . Delta spokesman Morgan Durrant told CNN the airline is cooperating with authorities . "  We take seriously any activity that fails to uphold our strict commitment to the safety and security of our customers and employees , " he said . Thompson said Henry allegedly boarded 20 flights with guns between May and December . "  We were fortunate that we were able to get all the guns that they tried to put on the streets of Brooklyn , " he said . Things Americans tried to take on planes in 2013 CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	"  This is an important wake-up call , " analyst says of employee screening 153 guns were recovered as part of a complex undercover investigation , DA says Delta employees entering their parking lot and the secure area of the airport are n't screened Agent : After clearing security , the employee met an accomplice in a restroom with a backpack
On a holiday marking the birth of a nation of immigrants , protesters and counterprotesters began a new round of angry demonstrations Friday in a California town that was scheduled to receive new busloads of migrants arrested for entering the country illegally . The small Southern California city of Murrieta , named after a Spaniard whose family set up a sheep ranch there in 1873 , is now a national flashpoint in the U.S. immigration crisis : Protesters are denouncing the federal transfer of detained migrants to their town for processing at a local U.S. Border Patrol office . Demonstrators successfully blockaded busloads from entering the town earlier this week . A second convoy of federal buses carrying migrants to a U.S. Border Patrol station in Murrieta was expected Friday , and Murrieta resident Jason Woolley joined protesters to express his outrage about illegal border crossings . A surge of undocumented Central American immigrants has created a federal crisis , and some of them are supposed to be processed in Murrieta . "  There 's a right way and a wrong way to come into this country . If you are going to come in the wrong way , we 're not going to stand for it . That 's just how it is , " Woolley said . "  There  are  thousands and millions of other people who 've done it the right way . But for people to just come in here and ask for a free handout , that 's my money . " Erica Suarez of Long Beach defended the immigrants ' rights to due process -- and noted how the United States was built by immigrants . "  It 's not a us versus we situation . It 's a we . It 's everybody together , " said Suarez , who described herself as an undocumented student . Police arrested at least one protester Friday morning . No further details were immediately available . Exchange of hard words The protests have been emotionally charged , with racial slurs uttered against Latinos defending the rights of the arrested immigrants , some of whom may be refugees , the immigration rights advocates say . But on Independence Day , protesters held placards saying , "  It 's not about race . It 's about law . " Others said , "  No human is illegal , " and "  No white supremacy . " Police secured the road so the entry to the Border Patrol office was clear , though a smaller group of protesters found a way to camp on the side of the road . A quarter of a mile away , a yellow police line held back the larger demonstration of dozens of protesters , and by Friday afternoon , police put up a second yellow tape and stood between the two factions of demonstrators to stop their pushing and shoving . Protesters chanted , "  USA ! USA ! " Counterprotesters chanted , "  La raza unida jamas seran vencida , " which translates as "  The  Latino  race united will never be defeated . " Apparently supporting them , men and women in Indian costumes trimmed with feathers danced to a drumbeat . Police warned participants not to fight . Some of them suffered heat exposure in the 100-degree sunshine and found relief under a tent . "  We do n't want anyone to get hurt . There 's children here , " a police officer told protesters . Both sides waved American flags , but one demonstrator held a shredded U.S. flag , angering an adversary who yelled : "  Absolute disgrace ! " Counterprotester Dara Glanzer did n't mind spending the Fourth of July in a protest that was hot by any standard . "  It 's Independence Day -- for whom and why , " Glanzer said . "  This is a refugee crisis that we 're dealing with ... . If these people were from say , Ukraine , trying to get here from the violence that ruptured the Ukraine , maybe these people would be for that . " Murrieta 's concerns and compassion Residents object to how U.S. agents may "  dump " the Central American immigrants into their community once their processing is completed , a practice that was true in the past , said Murrieta Mayor Alan Long . Both sides of the protest , he said , seek a legal , efficient process for the overflow of arrested migrants . "  We 're sending people in inhumane conditions and dispersing them across the nation , " Long said . On Tuesday , the federal government began busing 140 migrants for processing in Murrieta every 72 hours , raising concerns about operational capacity , Long said . The initial federal plan called for 500 people , which was lowered to 300 , but the city strongly opposed those plans . "  The concern we have is the sustainability of 140 every 72 hours , " Long said . "  We do n't see this stopping any time soon . " Long said earlier this week that his city "  continues to object to the transfer of illegal immigrants to the local Border Patrol office . " A subsequent protest in agreement became raucous Tuesday ; a counterprotester was spat upon . Long described portions of that protest as "  unfortunate " and "  deplorable . " The city had offered U.S. officials a mobile health clinic to help them provide health screenings and inoculations for the migrants , but the federal approval process would have been too long . "  The world has never been able to see how compassionate our community is because we never got there , " Long said . The first protest Federal officials were n't disclosing arrival times Friday for the immigrants or even the cities receiving them , citing safety concerns in light of Tuesday 's protests in Murrieta . The town became a battleground over immigration that day as angry crowds chanted , "  Go back home , " and forced buses carrying immigrants to turn around . Counterprotesters squared off with demonstrators , leading to a shouting match over the nation 's immigration system . As chaos ensued , federal officials rerouted the 140 undocumented immigrants to U.S. processing centers at least 80 miles away , in the San Diego and El Centro areas . A tide of Central Americans illegally entering the United States has overwhelmed a system already buckling under the weight of the nation 's 11 million undocumented immigrants . Unlike undocumented Mexican migrants , who are often immediately deported , the United States detains and processes Central Americans , who are eventually released and given a month to report to immigration offices . Protests and tension Many never show up and join the undocumented population , according to the National Border Patrol Council , the union representing Border Patrol agents . The immigrants rejected by Murrieta protesters were initially held in Texas , where U.S. facilities are overflowing , forcing detainees to be sent to other states for processing . The government does n't have the room to shelter the children with adults : There 's only one family immigration detention center , in Pennsylvania . To assist the unaccompanied children , the Obama administration opened shelters last month on three military bases because federal facilities more designed for adults were overrun with minors . Tuesday 's busloads did n't include any unaccompanied minors , said Murrieta Police Chief Sean Hadden . The children on the buses were apparently in the company of relatives or other adults , said an official with the National Border Patrol Council . Immigration rights advocates denounced the protesters . "  It is deplorable that people espousing anti-immigrant hate language created unnecessary tension and fear for immigrant mothers and their children , " said Pedro Rios , a community representative of the San Diego Immigrant Rights Consortium . "  Even more concerning is that elected officials in the city of Murrieta instigated this tension . Mothers and their children on these buses have suffered through enough trauma . " Journey from Texas The U.S. government earlier flew the 140 Central American immigrants from south Texas to San Diego . Federal agents were busing them to Murrieta for processing at the Border Patrol station when the standoff took place Tuesday . After the buses turned around , the immigrants were taken to a U.S. Border Patrol station in San Diego , said Ron Zermeno of the National Border Patrol Council . The United States is struggling to accommodate an influx of undocumented immigrants , particularly a wave of unaccompanied children from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . The U.S. government does n't have enough beds , food or sanitary facilities . Authorities estimate 60,000 to 80,000 children will cross the border without parents this year in what the White House has called an "  immediate humanitarian crisis . "	Murrieta mayor calls parts of earlier protest "  unfortunate " and "  deplorable " "  World has never been able to see how compassionate our community is , " he adds Residents fear officials would dump migrants in community , mayor says Police stand between the two factions of demonstrators to stop shoving
CNN  -- Al Capone 's legend of bootlegging , gangland slayings and tax evasion lives on more than 60 years after the Chicago gangster 's death . Now comes a footnote that is a sign of the times : foreclosure . Al Capone 's former Wisconsin hideaway goes on the auction block on Thursday . A Wisconsin lodge that may have been one of Capone 's old hideouts goes on the auction block this week with a starting bid of $ 2.6 million . The two-story stone lodge , tucked away on 407 acres in Couderay , Wisconsin , was owned by the Capone family in the 1920s . It will be auctioned Thursday on the steps of the Sawyer County Courthouse , three hours from Minneapolis , Minnesota , according to an ad in the Chicago Tribune . The property includes a 37-acre lake and eight-car garage . The Tribune ad was placed in September by the Chippewa Valley Bank . The property , owned by Hideout Inc. owner Guy Houston , went into foreclosure in April 2008 . The Houston family purchased the property in the 1950s and transformed the home into a tourist spot . Visitors paid a few dollars for a walking tour of Capone 's reputed hideout . iReport.com : More views of Capone 's compound The lodge is fortified with stone walls at least a foot thick and a guard tower . There is a separate facility that resembles a jail on site . "  There has been a ton of interest since we ran the article , " said Joe Kinnear , vice president of Chippewa Valley Bank in Wisconsin . He added that at least 100 buyers have expressed interest . Neither Houston nor the property owner 's attorney , Todd Smith , could be reached by CNN . Since bank officials announced a few weeks ago that Capone 's hideaway was for sale , the news has traveled across the country -- and the world . The property holds enormous nostalgic value , Kinnear said . After all , he noted , Al Capone 's name is closely associated with Chicago , Illinois . "  This guy really has incredible fame power , " said John Russick , senior curator at the Chicago History Museum . "  He became this icon for a whole profession of underworld figures , and people are fascinated with that . " With his expensive suits , wide-brimmed fedora and cigar , the gangster who relished the media spotlight became the face of lawlessness during the Prohibition era . From 1925 to 1931 , Capone was Chicago 's most notorious organized-crime boss . He ruthlessly relied on intimidation , bribes and violence , according to gangster lore . Even some state and local law enforcement officers turned a blind eye when Capone 's gang committed crimes , leaving the feds to chase him , historians say . But life as a crime kingpin brought a growing list of enemies , said Arthur J. Lurigio , a professor of criminology at Loyola University Chicago , who is also working on a documentary and book about organized crime in Chicago . "  He wanted to get away from his enemies , " Lurigio explained . "  He had already escaped death several times . " Lurigio said the Wisconsin hideout was probably just one of many retreats . Capone found respite at properties in Indiana , Michigan and Florida , too . The rural locations were ideal because Capone 's rivals would n't travel that far to hunt him down , Lurigio said . No one can say for certain whether Al Capone ever stayed in the Wisconsin lodge . Because he operated an illegal business , there are few written documents with clues on where he spent his time , historians say . State University of New York at Oswego professor emeritus Luciano Iorizzo , who wrote "  Al Capone : A Biography " in 2003 , said he has never come across evidence that Capone visited the Wisconsin hideout . Jim Ferguson , vice president of the Sawyer County Historical Society , said there is no hard evidence that Capone visited the property , though some locals say they spotted Capone in their community . More likely , Ferguson said , Capone 's brother , Ralph , who was in charge of soda bottling plants , lived on the property at some time . "  It was a very nice place , " said Ferguson , who visited the property several times when it was open to tourists . "  There was an open staircase going up to the second floor and a second-floor balcony . " The lodge , which the owners claims has the original Capone furnishings , was cozy , he recalled . The antique furniture captured the wooded Wisconsin lifestyle , Ferguson said . Animal pelts and elk heads decorated the walls . If Capone did indeed retreat to the Couderay property , there was plenty of game to hunt , and the lakes are famous for fishing . According to historians , the 6-foot-tall , 200-pound crime boss enjoyed outdoor sports . He was an amateur athlete who began boxing in his adolescence and battled top fighters of the time , including Lou Ordoni and Babe Lancaster . Henry Binford , a professor of history at Northwestern University , theorizes that the hideout was a stopover in the transportation of liquor to Chicago during Prohibition . It 's rumored among locals that planes from Canada that were filled with alcohol docked on the small lake . "  Being an ostensible businessman , he had a lot of channels of supply , " said Binford , who points out that the lodge is located close to the Canadian border . Capone 's illegal activities caught up with him in the 1930s . His most infamous mob war , the 1929 Saint Valentine 's Day Massacre in Chicago that killed seven rivals , further enticed federal agents to catch him . In 1931 , he was convicted of tax evasion and sent to Alcatraz prison in California . This summer , when the hideout tours were shut down , Leslie Strapon , assistant executive director of the Hayward Chamber of Commerce , said her office received hundreds of calls from disappointed tourists . "  Everyone is patiently waiting to see what 's going to happen with the place , " she said . "  It would be nice if it fell into the hands of someone who was wiling to reopen and carry on the tradition . "	Wisconsin lodge is up for auction this week Starting bid on 407-acre property is $ 2.6 million Property comes with a two-story lodge , 8-car garage , watchtower and 37-acre lake Historians and bank say public fascination with Capone is piquing buyers ' interest
CNN  -- Somali government forces and African Union troops pushed al Qaeda-linked militants out of its last outpost in the western part of Mogadishu , opening the main artery to the famed Bakaara Market , the African Union Mission to Somalia said Friday . It 's the latest action in a months-long military campaign designed to push al-Shabaab fighters out of the Somali capital . African Union peacekeeping forces , who have been operating under a U.N. mandate , say the military action is designed to inhibit al-Shabaab 's ability to hide behind civilians and limit civilian casualties , the African Union has said . The capture Thursday of Damanyo , a militant outpost in western Mogadishu , opens one of the city 's main arteries to the famed Bakaara Market , the African Union said in statement released Friday . The market is the city 's commercial hub and the site where one of two U.S. Blackhawk helicopters were downed by militants in 1993 . Raging street battles in the capital since February have pitted government troops , backed by the African Union , against the jihadist movement al-Shabaab , which controls much of southern Somalia . Al-Shabaab is waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine-ravaged country The peacekeeping force is charged with protecting key government and strategic installations in Mogadishu , including the port , airport and presidential palace . It is the de facto military force of the weak , transitional Somali government . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Forces have pushed militants out of the last outpost in western Mogadishu , officials say The capture of the outpost allows for the reopening of the main road to the famed Bakaara Market Somali forces and African Union troops have been battling militants for control of Mogadishu
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- A convicted sex offender won a landmark legal ruling Friday that ordered Facebook to take down a page set up to monitor pedophiles in Northern Ireland . The case was brought in Belfast by a man who had been sentenced to six years in prison for a string of crimes against children more than two decades ago . He claimed he faced being attacked or burned out of his rented accommodation after his photograph and threatening comments were posted on the social networking site . A Belfast High Court judge Friday ruled that some of the contents on the Facebook page -- ` Keeping Our Kids Safe From Predators ' -- amounted to harassment of the man and risked infringing on his human rights . The judge said the man -- who ca n't be identified -- had already been punished for his sex offenses "  in accordance with the rule of law . " The judge added : "  He has been punished by incarceration and he is subject to substantial daily restrictions on his lifestyle . " Facebook removed the man 's photograph and corresponding comments , but lawyers for the company argued in court that it was neither necessary nor proportionate to remove a page used by 4,000 people . The sex offender continued to seek the closing of the page and the disclosure of the identity or identities of those who set up and ran it . Facebook was given 72 hours to remove the page , and it was taken down by Friday afternoon . However , a new page with a similar name has since appeared on the site .	Facebook page monitoring sex offenders in N. Ireland posted pedophile 's photo Convicted sex offender sued to force Facebook to remove page , citing threats Page amounted to harassment , judge finds , and Facebook removes page promptly
CNN  -- The former cop who killed his wife and tried to cover it up by burning down their house was sentenced Monday to life in prison with the possibility of parole . Judge Larry Solomon 's sentencing decision comes nearly two months after a Kansas jury convicted Brett Seacat of first-degree murder for killing his wife , Vashti Seacat . "  You have n't admitted guilt . You have n't admitted responsibility , and you did n't this morning even express remorse that Vashti 's no longer on this earth , " Solomon said . "  One of the victim 's family asked me to show you no mercy , and I do n't intend to show you any mercy . You did n't show Vashti any mercy on April 30 , 2011 . " Under the judge 's sentence -- the maximum allowable under Kansas law -- Seacat must spend 31 years and three months behind bars before he 's eligible for parole . Cop accused of killing wife : ` She just seemed ... sad , upset ' At Monday 's hearing , Vashti Seacat 's family members asked the judge to give the maximum sentence and condemned the man who murdered her . Brett Seacat maintained his innocence , accused the judge of conspiring to convict him and said the jurors were going to hell for their decision . "  I teach about crimes , " Seacat said . "  I know what covers up crimes and what does n't . I know that a bullet hole has never been covered up by a fire . I know that a murder has never been concealed by means of fire . I would n't have lit a fire to try to cover this up . " His attorneys said they planned to appeal the judge 's decision . Prosecution undercuts handwriting expert In June , a jury deliberated for six hours before deciding Seacat 's fate . During her closing argument , prosecutor Amy Hanley said Seacat was full of uncontrollable rage because his wife had filed for divorce and was kicking him out their house . "  He was like a burning fuse , " said Hanley . "  That 's why he was reckless . " Throughout the trial , Seacat maintained his innocence . Defense attorney Roger Falk said that Vashti Seacat killed herself because she was depressed due to a side effect of her medication . At Monday 's sentencing , Solomon said Seacat 's guilt was "  overwhelming . " "  Evidence to support your defense of suicide was totally unbelievable and totally unsupported by any credible evidence , " he said . HLN 's Graham Winch contributed to this report .	A jury convicted Brett Seacat of first-degree murder in June He killed his wife and tried to cover it up by burning down their house A judge sentences him to life in prison with the possibility of parole
London  CNN  -- The parents of Pakistani teen activist Malala Yousafzai arrived Thursday in Britain to reunite with their daughter , who has become an international symbol of courage after being shot by the Taliban for demanding education for girls . The 15-year-old , who at times has been unconscious , is being treated in a Birmingham hospital for a gunshot wound to the head . Her father , Ziauddin Yousafzai , has been a central influence for Malala . He ran a school in Pakistan 's conservative Swat Valley that kept its doors open to girls -- in defiance of the Taliban . Her parents ' arrival on Thursday came 10 days after Malala was flown to Britain . Arrests made in shooting of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala has been unable to speak because a tube has been inserted into her trachea to protect her airway , which was swollen after her injury . "  I am leaving this country with a heavy heart and in extraordinary circumstances because the whole country knows that it is essential that I be with my daughter during her recovery , " her father told Pakistani network PTV before leaving Islamabad , in his first public remarks since the October 9 shooting . "  With the nation 's prayers she survived the attack and she will surely recover and her health will progress . And , God willing , as soon as she is recovered , I will be back in Pakistan . " Khushal Khan , Malala 's younger brother , called for the nation to rally behind his sister . "  I want to tell all my friends to pray for Malala , " he said . Opinion : Why Malala should not be turned into modern Joan of Arc Malala has been thinking about school even while she lies in her hospital bed , Interior Minister Rehman Malik told reporters after meeting with her family -- she asked her father to take her school books with him . "  The mission she has taken forward and the education awareness that has spread across Pakistan is all Malala 's doing , " he said , according to PTV . "  So I think that our entire nation should be proud of her love for the soil of her country . " After Malala recovers and returns to Pakistan , he said , "  we will provide her with complete security , despite anyone 's refusal , to ensure that something like this never happens again . The attack on Malala was a mindset of people who do n't want to see this country progress . " Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has spoken with the girl 's father , asking him to stay in Britain as long as necessary while his daughter recovers , Rehman Malik said . Malala has been communicating with medical staff by writing notes , the hospital has said . What 's your message for Malala ? As of Thursday , Malala "  continued to respond well to treatment , " the hospital 's website said . She is expected to need "  a significant period of rest and recuperation " before undergoing reconstructive surgery , Dr. Dave Rosser , medical director of University Hospitals Birmingham , said last week . That surgery could involve reinserting a piece of her own skull or fitting her with a titanium plate . Malala was fighting an infection , but was able to move her extremities and has stood with help from nurses , the hospital said . Although the bullet grazed her brain as it passed from above her eye into her shoulder , she understands where she is and seems to be functioning well intellectually , it added . Malala sent a message of thanks to the thousands of people in Pakistan and elsewhere who have attended rallies and vigils honoring her courage and praying for her recovery . The Taliban have claimed responsibility for the shooting , but do n't appear to have anticipated the level of condemnation it would provoke . Malala initially gained international attention in 2009 , as the Taliban gained a foothold in her home region of Swat , a Taliban redoubt in northwest Pakistan , near Afghanistan . Girl shot alongside Malala haunted by attack On her blog , Malala wrote about her life in the region , a center of militant activity where girls schools were shuttered and strict Islamist rules imposed . In her writings , which earned her Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize , she encouraged young people to oppose the Taliban . Pakistani police said Wednesday that six men have been arrested in Swat in connection with Malala 's shooting , but the primary suspect remained at large . Police have identified Atta Ullah Khan , a 23-year-old man from the district where she was attacked , as the primary suspect . Police said they were searching for Khan , who was studying for a master 's degree in chemistry . CNN 's Jonathan Wald and Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	Plane carrying Malala 's parents lands in Birmingham , England "  It is essential that I be with my daughter during her recovery , " says her father Malala asked that her school books be brought to her , Interior Minister Malik says On October 9 , the Taliban shot the teen activist who had demanded education for girls
CNN  -- There had been no confirmed deaths in the United States related to swine flu as of Tuesday afternoon . But another virus had killed thousands of people since January and is expected to keep killing hundreds of people every week for the rest of the year . People are nervous about swine flu , but the regular flu kills 36,000 people a year in the United States . That one ? The regular flu . An outbreak of swine flu that is suspected in more than 150 deaths in Mexico and has sickened dozens of people in the United States and elsewhere has grabbed the attention of a nervous public and of medical officials worried the strain will continue to mutate and spread . Experts are nervous that , as a new strain , the swine flu will be harder to stop because there are n't any vaccines to fight it . But even if there are swine-flu deaths outside Mexico -- and medical experts say there very well may be -- the virus would have a long way to go to match the roughly 36,000 deaths that seasonal influenza causes in the United States each year . "  That happens on an annual basis , " Dr. Brian Currie said Tuesday . Currie is vice president and medical director at Montefiore Medical Center in Bronx , New York . Since January , more than 13,000 people have died of complications from seasonal flu , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's weekly report on the causes of death in the nation . No fewer than 800 flu-related deaths were reported in any week between January 1 and April 18 , the most recent week for which figures were available . The report looks at deaths in the 122 largest cities in the United States . Worldwide , the annual death toll from the flu is estimated to be between 250,000 and 500,000 . About 9 out of 10 of those deaths are among people older than 65 , Currie said . Most times , they already have health problems that the flu makes worse , he said . "  Regular influenza can be taxing , " he said . "  It causes their underlying disease to decompensate and then they do n't have the reserves to get through it . "  While it may not be the direct cause listed on the death certificate , it certainly contributed . " One of the reasons medical experts are nervous about the swine flu outbreak is that many of the people who have died in Mexico have been young and otherwise healthy . The strains found in the United States have so far been weaker . But even the regular flu is sometimes fatal for younger victims . "  It 's not unheard of . It happens , either directly from influenza or they get a bacterial superinfection " like staph , said Currie . While researchers have n't developed a vaccine to fight the new swine flu , it can be treated with antiviral drugs Tamiflu and Relenza , the same drugs used on the regular flu . Many times , seasonal flu itself is tough to prevent because it has mutated to a form different than it was when the vaccine was made . Seeking to put the swine flu outbreak in perspective Tuesday , Los Angeles County public health officer Dr. Jonathan Fielding echoed other public officials calling it "  cause for concern , but not for alarm . " "  Given the size of L.A. County , given the traffic between here and Mexico , it would be very surprising if we did n't have any cases , " Fielding said . He said the county , where the CDC had confirmed 10 cases of swine flu by Tuesday , sees more than 1,000 flu-related deaths every year . "  So it would also not be surprising if there were deaths with swine flu -- even if it had the pattern of seasonal flu , " he said . "  Thus far , the pattern we see in the United States is very similar to that of seasonal flu -- relatively mild to moderate cases . " CNN 's Samira Simone and KC Wildmoon contributed to this report .	Swine flu getting focus , but so far it 's not deadly in United States Since January , more than 13,000 have died of complications from seasonal flu Worldwide annual death from the flu estimated between 250,000 and 500,000 About 9 out of 10 flu deaths are among people older than 65
CNN  -- Petra Kvitova will use the expectation of being defending champion to help her when she begins her Wimbledon campaign . The Czech beat current world No. 1 Maria Sharapova at the All England club last year to claim her first grand slam title , and will start this year 's tournament on Centre Court against Uzbekistan 's 97th-ranked Akgul Amanmuradova . "  It 's very big pressure for sure , " the 22-year-old told CNN when asked about returning to the prestigious grass-court grand slam . "  But without pressure it 's boring . So I will try to work on my game so that when I step onto Centre Court I 'm focused . " Djokovic , Sharapova head Wimbledon seedings The left-handed Kvitova is excited to return to Wimbledon , although she will be heading to the London venue earlier than planned after crashing out of the warm-up event at Eastbourne in the first round . "  It 's a very special place to me . I will be honored to return to Wimbledon as the defending champion , " added Kvitova , who was knocked out of the Australia Open and French Open by Sharapova at the semifinal stages . "  I would have liked to have played more matches , but I have more days for practice , " said the Czech . "  I can improve my game and I can go there earlier than I expected . I 'm looking forward to being at Wimbledon . " The world No. 4 explained how her 6-3 6-4 victory over Sharapova was a dream come true and that Wimbledon has a distinct aura which is not present at other tournaments . "  You can not be serious ! " Tennis ' top tantrums "  All players want to win Wimbledon , it 's something that money ca n't buy , " said Kvitova , who is seeded fourth . "  The grand slam at Wimbledon is very special to everyone , it 's on the grass , you play in the whites and it has all the history and the atmosphere . " Despite her shock straight-sets loss to Ekaterina Makarova at Eastbourne on Monday , Kvitova feels her game is well suited to the grass . "  I 'm happy with my game , I can improve for sure . I play well on the grass ... although I have n't had too many chances to play on the grass this season . " Unlike the men 's game , which has been dominated by Serbia 's Novak Djokovic , women 's tennis has seen a number of players clinch grand slam titles -- the last six major tournaments have had six different winners . Kvitova expects French Open winner Sharapova and Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka , who she beat in the Wimbledon semifinals last year , to be her main challengers over the Wimbledon fortnight . "  Women 's tennis is very open right now , big players can play well on the grass . Maria has had a great season and she played so well at Roland Garros . "  Azarenka as well had a very good start to the season and plays very nice on the grass . There are a lot of players who can play very well . "  We are all fighting because we know we have a chance , it 's not just me who is the only good player who can win everything . Not at this time , but maybe in the future . " Sharapova , Wimbledon champion in 2004 , has been drawn against Russia-born Australian Anastasia Rodionova , while second seed Azarenka , who could be set for another semifinal showdown with Kvitova , will play American Irina Falconi . Four-time champion Serena Williams is up against Czech Republic 's Barbora Zahlavova Strycova , while Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska is playing world No. 121 Magdalena Rybarikova . Former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki will begin her quest for a maiden grand slam title with a first round match against Austria 's Tamira Paszek . Unseeded Belgian Kim Clijsters , a winner of four grand slam titles , has been drawn against 18th seed Jelena Jankovic . But former world No. 1 Clijsters ' participation in the event has been called into question after she pulled out of warm-up event in the Netherlands with a stomach strain . In the men 's draw , defending champion Novak Djokovic opens up against former top-ranked Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero . Switzerland 's 16-time grand slam winner Roger Federer , a six-time Wimbledon champion , could face Serbia 's Djokovic in the last four . Third seed Federer will play No. 43 Albert Ramos . French Open champion Rafael Nadal could face fourth seed Andy Murray in the last four for the third year in a row . Second seed Nadal has drawn against Brazilian Thomaz Bellucci . Home-crowd favorite Murray will play former world No. 4 Nikolay Davydenko in his opener , while fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga will go up against Australian 2002 winner Lleyton Hewitt .	Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beat Maria Sharapova 6-3 6-4 in the 2011 final The Czech will open her campaign against Uzbekistan 's Akgul Amanmuradova . The fourth seed expects world No. 1 Sharapova and Victoria Azarenka to challenge Kvitova says winning Wimbledon is "  something that money ca n't buy "
When the planes struck the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , New York City Police Detective Ernie Vallebuona raced from Staten Island to the site to help look for survivors , along with his fellow police officers . "  It was like a surreal scene . There was a lot of confusion , a lot of smoke , " he said . "  You could n't see when you were trying to walk through the smoke to search for survivors . You know , you could barely see your hand in front of you . " Vallebuona spent the next six months at the site . Three years later , he was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a cancer of the lymphoid tissue . He underwent extensive treatment , including stem cell transplants , radiation and chemotherapy . He is currently in remission . He had to drain his retirement savings to pay for medical bills not covered by insurance . Firefighters responding to 9/11 at increased cancer risk "  Most city workers do have health insurance , but unfortunately a catastrophic illness such as cancer or anything like that , you know , not everything is covered , " he explained . "  There is a lot of expenses that fly under the radar , you do n't realize it until you are getting them and like most police officers I know , you are only maybe like three or four paychecks away from the homeless shelter . " Vallebuona is one of thousands of first responders , volunteers and residents who say they became ill as a result of working or living near the attack site . "  People are terribly sick . People ca n't support their families . People are having trouble getting by , " said Noah Kushlefsky , an attorney who represents Vallebuona and 3,800 other first responders . "  I have clients who have been evicted from homes . I have clients who ca n't pay their rent , their phones have been shut off , and these people are in desperate need of some assistance so that they can live their lives , " he said . "  These are people that dropped everything and ran down to ground zero to try and help . I have clients who volunteered for the Salvation Army , worked in St. Paul 's Church . I have a client from Minnesota who was watching TV , got in his pickup truck , drove to New York , and then spent four months on the pile , and he is so terribly disabled that he can barely walk up the stairs and is on oxygen 24 hours a day . " While 9/11 victims and their families received compensation from the federal government in the years immediately following the attacks , those who came in afterward to help with rescue , recovery and cleanup efforts and then became sick have yet to receive such assistance . For years they were caught up in disputes over whether the air at ground zero was really toxic -- the Environmental Protection Agency long claimed it was safe -- and whether the illnesses could be linked to the attack site . In January 2011 , President Barack Obama signed the Zadroga Act , named after New York Police Detective James Zadroga , who died of a respiratory illness after working at the World Trade Center site . The law sets aside money for medical care and $ 2.775 billion dollars to compensate claimants for lost wages and other damages related to the illnesses . The money has yet to be dispersed , although lawyers and government officials involved in handling the claims expect payments to some who developed respiratory , digestive and other conditions to begin in the next couple of months . Triple-amputee veteran gets ` smart ' home on September 11 Cancer was initially rejected for coverage under the Zadroga Act , but that decision was reversed earlier this year . On Monday , federal health authorities outlined the 58 types of cancer that will be included . "  I think it is way far overdue as far as being added on , " Vallebuona said . "  Common sense alone tells you that cancer was all along linked . " He went on to list several other police officers he worked with who had gotten cancer . "  What are the odds with all of these people coming down with the same type of , the same exact type of cancer or a linked cancer ? " he asked . He said early in his career at the NYPD , he would hear about one case of cancer a year . "  Now it 's like ... too numerous to even count . " The decision to include cancer has added another layer of complexity to the law 's implementation , Kushlefsky said . For one thing , it 's possible that some people will not be diagnosed with cancer until years down the road , creating challenges for determining whether the cancer originated because of work at ground zero . More immediately , adding cancer will undoubtedly mean the $ 2.775 billion dollars set aside for compensation will be exhausted before everyone is taken care of , meaning that Congress will have to step in to provide additional funds . Kushlefsky is confident that will happen . "  I would be shocked if the federal government decided somebody was sick from being down there , has been damaged in a certain amount , and then decided that they 're only going to pay a fraction of it , " he said . "  I mean , it 's pretty obvious that at some point the government 's going to have no choice but to fully fund this for all covered illnesses . " Vallebuona , now retired from the NYPD , is grateful his cancer is in remission and a little unsure about whether any money will ever come through . "  You know , it 's really an unknown , " he said . "  I 'm not sure what it holds . It 's been something they 've been talking about for 10 years now , and it 's always this little carrot dangling . " And if the money does come through , Vallebuona has no idea how much he could get . "  I 'm not even thinking about that , " he said . "  If I can recoup what I lost alone in terms of co-payments and parking garage bills , I will be a happy man . " 58 cancers receive 9/11 fund coverage	Zadroga Act set aside funds for those exposed to toxins while working at ground zero A decision on which types of cancer will be covered is expected soon Retired officer Ernie Vallebuona was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma He says he 'll "  be a happy man " if he can recoup co-payments , parking costs
The shoe attack on Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Egypt , the latest on a politician in the Middle East , causes many in West to ask : Why is throwing a shoe such a big deal ? One of CNN 's resident experts is producer Mohammed Tawfeeq , who was in Baghdad when President George W. Bush dodged a flying shoe at news conference in the U.S. Embassy in December 2008 . Journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi tossed it because he wanted to "  humiliate the tyrant , " his brother told CNN . "  Yes , I was there , " Tawfeeq said . "  It was a very big deal in Iraq . " Read more : Iraqi artist inspired by George W Bush shoe thrower In fact , some Iraqis celebrated that moment , he said . "  Other people were not happy because for them they see it -- by end of the day -- like a guest visiting their country , " Tawfeeq said . "  Traditionally , it was also offensive to insult a guest . " The act of throwing a shoe at someone or showing them your sole is "  incredibly offensive " in the Middle East , he said . "  The bottom line is a shoe is dirt , " he said . "  Throwing a shoe on someone means throwing dirt on that person . " Professor Faegheh Shirazi , with Middle Eastern Studies at the University of Texas , agreed , saying it is offensive "  regardless of the religious practices . " "  Throwing a shoe or hitting someone with a shoe or showing the bottom of your shoe when sitting with legs up on a chair and facing another person all are culturally unacceptable and are considered to be a grave insult and belittling to a person , " Shirazi said . Another offensive aspect is the significance of the shoe being a sign of wealth . "  Most often , lower-status people and poor men could not wear shoes , " Shirazi said . "  The feet came in contact with pollution and the dirt on the road . The dirt on the feet indicated the lack of social status , the level of economic class and the level of education and lack of sophistication and intellect . " Tawfeeq , who occasionally visits the United States , was surprised to learn shoe throwing was not considered an offense in North America . A search of literature reveals references suggesting the power of the shoe is ancient . For example , in the King James Version of the Old Testament , Psalm 60:8 says : "  Moab is my washpot ; over Edom will I cast out my shoe : Philistia , triumph thou because of me . " "  Perhaps it has to do with the hierarchy of the body position , that is , the relationship between the head and the feet , the head being at the top and not touching the ground and the dirt , " Shirazi said . "  The head carries a more prestigious status in comparison to the feet , which in older times mostly remained bare . "	Throwing a shoe is offensive "  regardless of the religious practices , " professor says "  The bottom line is a shoe is dirt , " says CNN Iraq producer Mohammed Tawfeeq Some Iraqis celebrated when a reporter threw his shoe at President Bush in 2008 Psalm 60:8 offers evidence shoe throwing is an ancient insult
An attack by snipers on a Silicon Valley power substation last year is prompting the former chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to launch a crusade to better secure and defend the nation 's electrical grid . The former chairman , Jon Wellinghoff , now a San Francisco energy law attorney , called the little-publicized April 2013 attack on the substation a "  very well planned , coordinated and executed attack on a major piece of our electric grid infrastructure . " While Wellinghoff has expressed concern that the attack may have been a test run for a bigger strike -- possibly terrorism -- the FBI has declared the incident was n't an act of terror and is still investigating the case , with no arrests made . The FBI considers the incident vandalism , said spokesman Peter Lee in San Francisco . "  There is no nexus to terrorism at this time , " Lee said . Nonetheless , Wellinghoff is urging Congress to fill a void in federal law that he says does n't empower any federal agency to demand better security around electrical substations , which he describes as barely protected with a chain-link fence and cameras . Even those cameras do n't capture details outside the fence , because they are more focused inside it , he added . Last year 's sabotage was carried out by at least one sniper at a good distance from the fence , outside the camera 's focus , Wellinghoff said . "  We need to have a national coordinated plan , and we have to have a federal agency that is in charge , " Wellinghoff said . So far , U.S. Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , has joined the call for improved security . The matter was addressed at a December hearing of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee , of which Waxman is the ranking member . "  Just this April , there was an actual attack on our electricity infrastructure , " Waxman said , referring to the Silicon Valley shooting . "  This was an unprecedented and sophisticated attack on an electric grid substation with military-style weapons . Communications were disrupted . The attack inflicted substantial damage . It took weeks to replace the damaged parts . "  The nation 's critical infrastructure and defense installations simply can not function without electricity . Yet it is clear that the electric grid is not adequately protected from physical or cyberattacks , " Waxman said in a statement . In all , 150 rounds from an assault rifle were fired over almost 20 minutes at a Pacific Gas and Electric Company substation south of San Jose , California , knocking out 17 transformers in the post-midnight darkness of April 16 , according to PG&E , Wellinghoff and CNN affiliate KTVU . To prevent a blackout to Silicon Valley , workers re-routed power , but it took almost a month to make repairs , the affiliate reported . Authorities also found an AT&T fiber optic cable was cut in an underground vault , causing a phone blackout , Sgt. Kurtis Stenderup with the Santa Clara County Sheriff 's Office told KTVU . By the time police arrived , the shooters , also suspected of damaging the phone line , were gone . At the time , the incident was n't publicized , but since he stepped down as FERC chairman in November , Wellinghoff is raising public attention to the California sniper 's attack to demonstrate the vulnerability of the nation 's electricity system . Waxman is apparently endorsing Wellinghoff 's initiative . Waxman is urging Congress to pass legislation that would "  fix this gap in regulatory authority " and empower FERC to directly address threats to the nation 's power grid . In 2010 , the U.S. House passed such a measure , called the GRID Act , but the Senate did n't act on the proposal , Waxman said . The federal government relies on an energy industry organization "  to develop reliability standards for the electric grid through a protracted , consensus-based process , " Waxman said . After the California vandalism , Arkansas also saw last year "  multiple attacks on power lines and grid infrastructure that led to millions of dollars in damage and brief power outages , " Waxman said . PG&E officials said they have redundancies built into their electric grid "  that enable us to reroute power around damaged equipment and help keep the lights on for our customers , " said spokesman Brian Swanson . "  Since the incident occurred , PG&E has worked aggressively with federal and local agencies to improve substation security throughout our system , " Swanson said . "  The utility industry and stakeholders like the Edison Electric Institute are meeting with policy makers , government officials and law enforcement at all levels to engage in constructive dialogue and share information on how we can work together to protect the grid across the country . " The institute , an association of shareholder-owned electric companies , says security and protection are "  top priorities . " "  Electric companies are partnering closely with each other and with senior officials from all relevant federal and law enforcement agencies to protect the grid 's most critical assets , " said Scott Aaronson , the institute 's senior director of national security policy . But he noted that "  publicizing clearly sensitive information about critical infrastructure protection endangers the safety of the American people and the integrity of the grid . " In the meantime , Wellinghoff is urging utilities to enact low-cost improvements such as replacing chain-link fencing with an opaque barrier that would block a sniper 's vision of the substation . Wellinghoff is also recommending movable concrete Jersey barriers as a perimeter around the substations -- to stop any sniper bullets . He 's also recommending utilities extend lighting beyond the fence yard , with more sophisticated cameras , so video can capture saboteurs outside the fence . The California sniper or snipers were 40 to 60 yards outside the substation fence , he said . "  This is n't about this substation or this organized attack , " Wellinghoff said of the California incident . "  This is more about the larger issue of physical security of these high-voltage substations nationwide and the need to ensure that some defensive measures start to be put in place . "	Snipers fired about 150 bullets at a power substation to Silicon Valley last year Former FERC chairman is crusading for laws to better secure nation 's power grid One congressman is also joining the call for more federal regulatory oversight FBI is calling the Silicon Valley incident vandalism and continues its investigation
Beijing  CNN  -- One year in the job as the Chinese Communist Party supremo , Xi Jinping so far has presided over a relatively smooth transition of leadership . But what is his vision for the next 10 years , when he is expected to serve as paramount leader ? No one has a crystal ball that gives definitive clues . In the first few months since he took power , Xi has pushed a popular and arguably progressive agenda : attacking corruption , not just flies  junior officials  but a few tigers  senior officials  too ; curbing official extravagance , like senseless banqueting , and , one of my favorites , banning "  empty speeches . " But in recent weeks , Xi has turned "  left " . He allowed tighter control over the traditional and social media , silenced dissenting voices among academics and scholars , and cracked down on liberal activists , petitioners and protesters . At the same time , Xi has paid homage to Chairman Mao Zedong and some of his preaching . He visited a few revolutionary shrines , endorsed the Maoist practices of "  criticism and self-criticism " -- ostensibly to purify the party ranks -- and advocated "  mass line " campaigns to improve the party 's popularity among the people . Analysts wonder : Is Xi a Maoist or a Dengist ? Is he a conservative or a reformist ? Clearly , Xi is not a Chairman Mao nor a Deng Xiaoping . Like his two predecessors -- Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao -- Xi is not a legendary revolutionary figure who can command absolute loyalty . In the current political system , he is merely a primus inter pares -- first among equals , who leads by consensus . Left or right ? Like Deng , Xi may not have to seek absolute dominance , a la Mao , to be an effective leader . Instead , he may just seek to find the center of the debate . Still , unless and until there is fundamental political reform , China will remain a nation more dependent on the power of a single leader , a charismatic strongman , than on institutions . Friends in China asked me these same questions , and my honest answer is : no one knows for sure , but I think Xi is signaling "  left " so he can turn "  right " . Expectations of Xi were high on the eve of the Third Plenum of the Communist Party 's central committee , China 's 300-plus political elite , who last week met behind closed doors in Beijing . Sinologists had drawn parallels to the Third Plenum in 1978 , a landmark meeting that launched Deng Xiaoping 's reform and open-door program . Chinese media accounts on documents approved during the plenum signal significant changes : Prickly issues China 's top leaders have been deliberating these prickly issues for years , but decisions have been put off for lack of consensus or political will . That Xi was able to push these through this time , analysts say , indicates Xi 's growing influence . The Plenum has also agreed to set up two new institutions : the Leading Group on Comprehensive Deepening of Economic Reform and the National Security Commission . The security commission will be a supra-ministerial body that will take charge of over-arching security issues , including military and police matters , territorial disputes , cyber-attacks and ethnic unrest . Xi is expected to play a leading role in the two groups , even though Premier Li Keqiang may head the economic reform commission . These institutions , analysts say , will allow Xi and his team to supervise the complex and often conflicting bureaucracies -- the Communist Party , the government , the military and police in a top-down authoritarian way . Proponents of reform sound optimistic . Endorsements The plenum gives market forces a "  decisive role " that will allow enterprises and individuals to invest more overseas , economist Wang Zhile , an expert on international business and trade told me . The most significant endorsement came from Wu Jinglian , the octogenarian guru of the Deng 's reform program who also served as doctoral degree adviser of Premier Li Keqiang at Peking University . Speaking in Beijing this week , Wu said the system set up by China in 1978 when China embarked on reform and opening was "  the initial primary-stage version of market economy for the late 21st century , which still took on many vestiges of the old system . " The one put forth by Xi , he said , is "  an upgraded version for a more mature market economy system that suits the current demands . " But analysts also caution against excessive optimism . It will take longer than expected to make these reforms work , says economist Cheng Siwei , using the Chinese maxim "  Bu pa man , zhi pa zhan " -- slowing down is not worrisome ; a standstill is . Three decades ago , the late Communist leader Chen Yun , a contemporary of Deng Xiaoping , likened the Chinese economy to a bird and the Chinese political system to a bird cage . While the cage may be enlarged to let the bird fly more freely , Chen argued , it must never be discarded . Xi and his cohorts seem to agree on that	Far-reaching reform package indicates Xi Jinping 's growing influence But reforms come as Xi tightens media controls and pays homage to Mao Zedong Rhetoric suggests Xi is signaling "  left " so he can turn "  right " Chinese political system likened to a bird cage : Cage can be enlarged but not discarded
CNN  -- After being stricken with cancer , Patrice Millet dedicated his life to helping children in his native Haiti . In 2007 , he started a nonprofit youth soccer program called FONDAPS , which stands for Foundation Notre-Dame du Perp  tuel Secours  Foundation of Our Lady of Perpetual Help  . The program provides free equipment , coaching and food to hundreds of children from Haiti 's poorest slums . Its aim is to teach the children to become responsible citizens . CNN asked Millet for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Patrice Millet : I was getting home -- coming from a visit to an orphanage in Petionville -- when I received the call . Wow ! I was moved , very touched . I admit that I had difficulty believing it at the time . I am so happy for the foundation , so happy for the kids . I consider this as a blessing . I must also confess that I stress just a little thinking about all the things this implies : the media , the interviews , the photos . I am not used to all this press or all this attention around me , but if it is to help the children even better , I shall become used to it . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to FONDAPS ? Millet : This recognition means a lot to us , here in Haiti and internationally . It helps to bring awareness about the conditions our underprivileged kids live in . I think more people realize there is a lot to do , but a lot can be done by any of us . I thank God who , probably through me , wanted to touch these children , to give them new opportunities and offer them a better future . This is taking  us to  a scale about which I did not even dare to dream . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Millet : We used to dream about a lot of improvements , more help we could bring to the kids or about helping even more kids ; there are so many of them who need it . Some of our goals are to buy a field we would be able to use anytime we want ; to have an academy where we can help even better the kids who are talented in soccer and would love to become professional players ; to expand our program and have more girls ; to have a school with art , painting , music , so when the kids finish the program they have something in their hand ; and to have a real and solid structure with an adequate administration who will make sure that FONDAPS ' work continues even if I am not here anymore . For sure , this money will help us to start making these dreams -- or some of them -- come true . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Millet : It is important to us that people understand that a lot of what they see , a lot of the results they can see on TV , are made mostly out of love . Some months , I do n't even know how I will pay some of my coaches , because the financial donations I received this particular month were not enough . But still they will come , and still we will continue to support the kids , to listen to them and to play with them . This is FONDAPS , and this is what all organizations working with these underprivileged kids should be about : love . Love first , then comes the money . Read the full story on CNN Hero Patrice Millet : Finding hope on the soccer fields of Haiti	Patrice Millet was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 His nonprofit teaches soccer , life skills to Haiti 's poorest children Millet : ` Love comes first , then comes the money '
Editor 's Note : CNNU is following two student teams from the University of Southern California as they work to improve the quality of life in India . The student teams will be writing about their experiences for CNNU throughout the summer . Check back regularly for updates on their work . CNNU first introduced the Oral Cancer Awareness Team . It now introduces the Water and Health Team . The views expressed in this article are not necessarily those of CNN or its affiliates . Students visited slums to obtain data on the history of health and access to water in each household . CNN  -- The World Health Organization reports that 88 percent of the 1.8 million deaths resulting from diarrhea can be attributed to unsafe water or inadequate hygiene or sanitation . Unfortunately , a significant population in the city of Hubli , India , fall victim to these causes , and they are not even aware of the cause . The University of Southern California Hubli Water and Health Team is spending this summer implementing a project model that will improve these statistics in the community . The team of six students , visiting from the University of Southern California , will guide a pilot project in the under-served community of S.M. Krishna Nagar . Over the course of the next year , the Team will employ local college students to maintain the program and monitor the efficiency of the water purification technology . And by subsidizing the cost for those living within S.M Krishna Nagar , the Team will be providing state-of-the-art purification systems at affordable prices , creating an important sense of ownership and empowerment for the people . The team also plans to build awareness within the local community about the need to drink purified water . While the source of water currently received by the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation is filtered , sewage leakage and the poor management of waste often contaminates drinking water on its way into the homes . This means that while the water from these pipes or the bore wells may look clean , it can be hazardous to drink . To compound the issue , even water contained in holding tanks on vehicles that visit the community is by no means guaranteed to be of sufficient , purified quality . The tanks carrying the water are rarely cleaned and the taps through which the water is dispersed may easily be contaminated . Families must be aware that the water they are provided is harmful to their health and provides a catalyst for breeding mosquitoes carrying malaria and other transferable diseases . Local reports have proven this , and communities in the past have fallen victim to water-related illnesses as a result of their consumption of unclean water . The USC Hubli Water and Health Team team hopes to shed light on this threatening issue , as confronting the challenge of dirty drinking water is a "  gateway " step towards achieving measured , sustainable improvements in a wide array of serious health related issues . Through education at key points of community influence and the measured introduction of new technologies that encourage responsibility over simply charity , the Team will use its time in Hubli to affect change that is both scalable and sustainable .	Students from University of Southern California go to India to improve quality of life Team provides innovative water treatment measures to stop disease Other team teaches how to prevent oral cancer , one of top 3 cancers in India Students employ locals to maintain program and monitor efficiency over next year
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was n't so long ago that biofuels were being heralded as the savior of the planet and a thoroughly green solution to our climate woes . But fair winds have been replaced by persistent storms of criticism . But is it justified ? Principal Voices has spoken to three people -- an economist , a scientist and an environmental campaigner -- at the heart of the biofuels debate . Here , they have their say on biofuels . Have yours at bottom of the page . The British countryside is transformed in the spring by swathes of rapeseed . The Economist Keith Wiebe is the service chief in the Economic and Social Development Department at the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations  FAO  . He is currently working on the FAO Annual Report into the state of food and agriculture which this year is focusing on biofuels . The report will be published in September 2008 . Biofuels are obviously playing a role in the current food situation . It is a new source of demand that has risen dramatically over the past couple of years . This has been a significant factor in the increase in commodities prices recently . What 's unique about the past year or two and particularly the past few months is the convergence of a whole number of factors on both the supply side and the demand side . The background is that you 've had the gradually increasing income and demand for more , and different types of food in emerging economies . You 've had a gradual decline in international stocks of food , you 've got higher oil prices which means the costs of production are going up . There have been some been some production setbacks in a couple of key export countries such as Australia and also a rapid increase in demand for maize and vegetable oils for biodiesel and ethanol production . All these factors interact and lead to policy responses from countries to limit exports of commodities to protect their domestic consumers . It 's impossible to disentangle a specific portion or to attribute a particular portion to the price increases . One thing to keep in mind is that biofuels play a role in the current high prices but they are certainly not the only factor . The other thing is that they have adverse short term impact on food prices . They have an adverse impact on poor consumers particularly in developing countries . But there is an opportunity over the longer term at least for small farmers who do have access to resources to adjust their production patterns . And high prices give them an incentive to do exactly that . Small farmers in developing countries see these price incentives and they see they would like to respond . But through a combination of export bans in some countries and poor infrastructure , they are limited in their ability to respond . I think it is important to distinguish between different types of biofuels . They have very different characteristics . Brazilian sugar cane is the classic example of a type of biofuel that is now performing efficiently and competitively . They are alone among all the major biofuel foodstocks in being competitive at market prices . Whereas in the U.S. , maize continues to cost more to produce it than it does to be competitive with the fossil fuel counterpart . There is a lot of potential in second generation cellulosic technologies but they are not yet commercially viable but that point is coming closer every day . There is so much effort which has gone into this recently and if there is a silver lining to the whole situation it is that people are looking everywhere for alternatives . Two years ago the general perspective on biofuels was that they were a very bright prospect and to say anything negative about them was somehow a suspect analysis . This situation has been completely reversed . What we would like to continue to emphasize is that there are many different types of biofuels , some are more promising than others . Certainly there are things that need to be reevaluated and looked at very carefully . There is also the potential if policies can be improved and investment can be made in agriculture . Many of the world 's poor depend on agriculture for their livelihood . We do n't want to throw out an opportunity for them . The Scientist Dr Richard Pike is the chief executive of the Royal Society of Chemistry . Prior to taking up the role in 2006 he spent 20 years working in the oil industry . He recently calculated that a one-way transatlantic flight would require one year 's biofuels yield from an area the size of 30 football pitches . Biofuels will clearly have an application at a local level . I think there is a general view that at a very local level -- and I 'm talking of small townships that are surrounded by land that could cultivate biofuels -- that it is probably sustainable . Whether it can be applied on a large scale in a sustainable way will vary tremendously from country to country . But one has to be very careful about projecting into the future . For instance in the UK there is a lot of talk about biofuels , but one of the big issues is the very low efficiency in converting sunlight into the oil or ethanol that you would use to fill up your tank . Typically the efficiency is considerably less than half a percent . That raises the whole issue of land use . If , on the one hand , you 've got biofuels which represent only a half a percent conversion of sunlight , and let 's say you 've got photovoltaic cells and concentrated solar power systems , the efficiency of solar in terms of pure conversion is 50-100 times greater . In the UK , for every one percent of diesel and petrol you want to replace with biofuel you need , in big round numbers , about one percent of the land area of the UK . That 's a very stunning statistic . And it means that if you 're looking at notions of self-sufficiency then it 's completely out of the window . If the UK wanted to be more biofuel orientated it would have to import it . Currently the European Union directive is to have 5.75 percent biofuels by 2010 . If the UK was to provide that for itself , five percent of the land would have to be utilized -- which is an extraordinary number . Typically biofuel yields are of the order of three to four tons per hectare . That excludes things like the carbon footprint of fertilizers , harvesting and distribution . The figures you see in the press tend to be focused on the yield from the ground rather than thinking of the bigger picture . There is a real need to look at the big picture and there 's a risk that the focus on biofuels and the idea that it could offer quite a significant contribution is distracting from some of the more important things that need to be looked at . There are lots of small initiatives , either at the user end -- e.g. turning off stand-by switches , drinking tap water -- or the supply end -- e.g. wind energy , tidal energy . What people are forgetting is that if you look at the energy balance of the world , 80 percent of the world 's energy is supplied by fossil fuels . That is likely to remain unchanged for a long time . Fossil fuels are not going to run out that quickly . Reserves figures that you see quoted are very conservative . The other thing about biofuels is what I call the problem of unintended consequences . Biofuels are clearly going down a route that is bringing it into conflict with food crops and biodiversity . People have talked about a much more efficient biofuel process involving algae . Algae would have significantly high yields . But then again , I do n't think enough people have gone through what might happen if that were pursued . You have to ask how it would affect marine life . The Environmental Campaigner Deepak Rughani is co-director of Biofuelwatch , a campaign group backing the expanding call for a moratorium on agrofuels * in the European Union . Biofuelwatch is currently engaged in a new challenge ; to help prevent the first biofuel-fired power station to be built in the UK . If energy company Blue-ng is successful a precedent will have been set and according to UK newspaper , The Independent another 43 power stations could follow . On June 4th , Newham Councilors in east London will meet to make their recommendation on the proposed plant . Coincidently the meeting marks the second day of the UN 's High-Level Conference on World Food Security , Climate Change and Bioenergy in Rome . More than 770 organizations and prominent individuals worldwide have signed a Civil Society statement on the World Food Emergency which calls for a halt to all development of land for agrofuels for cars , planes and for energy production in power stations . So far , only Germany has invested heavily in vegetable oil CHP plants -- 1,800 of them . The vast majority burn palm oil because European vegetable oil is too expensive . According to experts , the impact on the climate has been disastrous . Peat expert Professor Siegert of Munich University has warned : "  We were able to prove that the making of these plantations and the burning of the rainforests and peat areas emits many thousands of times as much CO2 as we then are able to prevent by using palm oil . And that is a disastrous balance for the climate . " Unfortunately , switching to rapeseed oil , even if it was affordable , would not necessarily help matters : As confirmed by a UN report , Europe 's use of rapeseed oil for bioenergy is one of the main reasons for rising palm oil prices linked to shortages in the food and cosmetics markets . Inevitably rising prices make deforestation and peat drainage in South East Asia much more profitable . There are other serious concerns about the east London proposal : Vegetable oil burning leads to emissions of NOx and particulates -- PM 10 and PM 2.5 -- known to have an adverse effect on the respiratory and cardiovascular system . Areas close to the proposed site are currently being monitored as Air Quality Management areas and many residents are very concerned about the plans . It seems that in the name of decentralized energy generation -- which is likely to be much more efficient than centralized energy generation -- government and companies are willing to both disregard the welfare of local people and at the very time when we need to be dramatically reducing our demand for vegetable oil , offer a new market for agrofuels . By backing false-solutions we stall investment from the true renewable energies such as wind , solar , wave and geothermal and ignore our responsibility to prevent crossing key climate tipping points , beyond which our current civilization and even much of life on earth could not sustain itself . * Agrofuels are biofuels produced from crops or trees grown in large-scale monocultures , or agricultural and forest ` waste ' which should be returned to the natural system .	Once hailed as a climate savior , biofuels are now the subject of widespread criticism FAO economist argues that it is important to distinguish between different biofuels British chemist believes that biofuels can work , but only on at a very local level
CNN  -- A disgruntled employee shot to death the owners of a store in Boulder , Colorado , and then may have turned the gun on himself , police said Tuesday . Police found Sean Griffin , 40 , and his wife Staci Griffin , 41 , dead in a back room of the Boulder Stove & Flooring on Monday morning . Also dead was Robert Montgomery , 50 . Montgomery had a 9 mm Smith & Wesson handgun in his hand and appeared to have suffered a single gunshot wound , said police spokeswoman Sarah Huntley . The Griffins sustained multiple wounds . Montgomery told friends and wrote in a journal that he was upset over a recent change in sales commission and bonus policy at work , Huntley said . He purchased the gun on May 7 , she said . Police said Montgomery had been employed at Boulder Stove & Flooring since 2003 . A salesman and a customer were inside the store when the gunshots rang out at 11:09 a.m. . They jumped in the customer 's vehicle , drove away and called 911 , Huntley said . Police arrived minutes later to find the three dead . An autopsy will determine whether Montgomery was the shooter , but Huntley said police suspect him after finding the same kind of Cor-Bon 9 mm ammunition at his house that was used in the shooting . Police said they found 13 spent shell casings around the scene of the shootings with one round still in the chamber of the gun . No rounds were left in the magazine , they said . At his home , they found a box of Cor-Bon 9 mm ammunition with 14 rounds missing . Investigators said they found a second magazine in Montgomery 's backpack loaded with 10 rounds of Eagle brand 9 mm ammunition . At his home , they found an empty box of Eagle 9 mm ammunition .	Police find three dead in Colorado store Employee was upset over pay policies Gun purchased just days before shootings
CNN  -- There 's a great story about Democratic icon Ted Kennedy . When he was first running to succeed his brother John in the Senate , he was attacked for being a child of privilege . It was true . Kennedy had nannies and nursemaids and private schools . He 'd hobnobbed with ambassadors and princes and popes . So the story -- perhaps not even true , but what the heck -- is that young Teddy was campaigning outside a factory in the predawn chill . As he shook hands with the working men , one stopped him and said , "  So you 're young Kennedy ? They say you have n't worked a day in your life . " To which Kennedy shrugged and answered , "  I suppose that 's true . " And the man replied , "  You ai n't missed a thing . " Democrats have a tradition of electing aristocratic populists . Franklin Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy were patricians . And one of the senior Democrats in the Senate today is as rich as a Rockefeller . His name is Jay Rockefeller . Since 1977 , first as governor of West Virginia , then senator , he has been elected and re-elected by the coal miners and farm families of West Virginia . So the current hyperventilation over Hillary Clinton 's comments about her relative wealth and her lucrative book and speaking deals misses the point . Voters want to know what 's in her heart and what 's on her mind , not what 's in her wallet . Clinton was already wealthy when she ran for president in 2008 . Yet in the primary in Pennsylvania -- a bastion of blue-collar voters -- she bested Barack Obama by 12 points among voters earning between $ 30,000 and $ 50,000 a year , according to CNN exit polls . FDR , JFK , Jay Rockefeller and all the other wealthy Democrats were seen as champions of working people . Same with Clinton . All her life , she has been a tireless advocate for the middle class and those struggling to get into the middle class . From her days at the Children 's Defense Fund to her advocacy for the rights of women and girls around the world , Clinton has a consistent record of fighting for middle-class economics and middle-class values . As an adviser to the super PAC that hammered Mitt Romney 's business record , let me explain why Clinton 's case is different . The issue was never how much money Romney had ; it was how he made that money . When you amass a megafortune in part by taking over companies , loading them with debt , plunging them into bankruptcy while paying yourself millions -- well , folks do n't like that . And when Romney combined that Gordon Gekko image with an agenda that included cutting taxes for the rich and making Medicare a voucher program , voters got the sense that he was not on their side . There is a dichotomy of elitism . Republicans ' downfall is economic elitism . For generations they 've been seen as the party of the rich . Democrats do n't have that problem . Their Achilles ' heel is cultural elitism : the sense that they value highfalutin ' Ivy League degrees more than practical experience ; that they look down their noses at folks who go to church , hunt and fish , and salute the flag . Both are caricatures , to be sure . But as a Democratic strategist I am always more worried about cultural elitism than a Democrat 's wealth . And remember : George W. Bush had degrees from both Harvard and Yale but was seen as a down-home guy you could have a beer with . There 's no doubt that this is a populist moment . Americans worry about the collapse of the American Dream and the shrinking of the middle class . If Clinton runs on an agenda of empowering working people -- with an increase in the minimum wage , equal pay for women , student debt relief , increased availability of child care , prekindergarten , and an end to tax breaks for corporations that ship jobs overseas -- few voters will care how fat her bank account is .	Paul Begala : Democrats have tradition of electing aristocratic populists like Kennedy , FDR Why is Hillary Clinton taking heat for relative wealth ? Voters know what 's in her heart , he says He says Democrats like FDR long seen as champions of working people ; same with Clinton Begala : Clinton is no Romney ; she 's long been tireless advocate for middle class
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- How well Zsa Zsa Gabor is recovering from hip replacement surgery a week ago depends on whom you ask : her husband or her daughter . Prince Frederic Von Anhalt said his wife of 24 years is in "  critical " condition , but daughter Francesca Hilton said her condition is "  guarded . " Gabor , 93 , suffered a broken hip in a fall at her Bel Air , California , home nine days ago . "  It 's up and down , " Von Anhalt said Monday afternoon . "  It worries me very much . " The publicist for Hilton , however , gave a more optimistic report . Edward Lozzi said the glamour icon was able to sit up in bed and talk , an improvement that followed a blood transfusion and the removal of her morphine drip over the weekend . Gabor has "  rallied " and is "  more talkative , " Lozzi said . She is still in the intensive care unit at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles , but the prince 's publicist , John Blanchette , said she could go home as soon as Thursday . Gabor 's fall happened as she reached to answer the phone while watching the television game show "  Jeopardy , " which is "  a must-see show " for the actress , her husband said . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , according to Blanchette . The crash occurred when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . Von Anhalt is either Gabor 's eighth or ninth husband , depending on whether you count one marriage that was quickly annulled . Francesca Hilton is her only child , the product of her second marriage to hotel magnate Conrad Hilton . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge " ; "  The Story of Three Loves , " 1953 ; "  The Girl in the Kremlin , " 1957 ; and Orson Welles ' classic "  Touch of Evil , " 1958 . In 1989 , Gabor was sentenced to 72 hours in jail for slapping a Beverly Hills police officer after a traffic stop . She also had to perform community service at a battered women 's shelter . The other Gabor sisters were Magda , the oldest , who died in 1997 five days shy of 83 , and Eva , the youngest , who died in 1995 at 76 . Magda , an occasional stage actress , also was married to Sanders at one time . Eva is probably best remembered for her role as a socialite turned farmer 's wife on the 1960s TV sitcom "  Green Acres . "	Gabor 's husband says actress ' condition is "  critical " Her daughter reports a more optimistic "  guarded " condition The glamour icon underwent hip replacement surgery July 19 Gabor fell while answering a phone
CNN  -- Survivors of a mass shooting attack in Norway returned Saturday for the first time to the island where a gunman went on a rampage a month ago , killing 69 people . More than 1,000 people are expected to visit Utoya island Saturday , state broadcaster NRK said . Television footage showed young people picking their way along the shoreline and spreading across the small island . Many of those who survived did so by hiding among rocks and vegetation or swimming out into the chilly waters around the island . The survivors ' visit comes a day after relatives of those killed were allowed to travel to the island for the first time to see where their loved ones ' final moments were spent . Police officers were at hand to point out to the families exactly where those killed were found . Many lit candles and left flowers in makeshift shrines , local media reported . Several hundred people were attending a political summer camp held by the youth wing of the governing Labour Party at the time of the July 22 shooting attack . Many of those killed were teenagers . NRK said Saturday 's visit was the first time many of the young people had seen one another since the traumatic events a month ago . The island remains a crime scene , as police investigate the mass shooting and the bombing of Oslo government buildings on the same day , which claimed the lives of eight more people The suspect in both attacks , Anders Breivik , was ordered held in isolation for four more weeks Friday after appearing before a judge in Oslo . Giving his ruling , the judge said Breivik should continue to be held in solitary confinement because there was a real danger otherwise that he would tamper with evidence and hinder the police investigation . Breivik , 32 , had told the court that being held in isolation is "  boring , monotonous and a sadistic method of torture , " the judge said . Breivik admitted the attacks , a judge and his lawyer say , but has pleaded not guilty in court . Paal-Fredrik Hjort Kraby , of Oslo Police District , told reporters Friday that 400 witnesses had now been questioned in connection with the two attacks . Breivik will face further interrogation this week , he said . CNN 's Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 1,000 people are expected at Utoya island on Saturday , state media say Hundreds of young people were at a political summer camp when the gunman struck Anders Breivik is accused of the gun rampage and a bomb attack in the capital on the same day The twin attacks on July 22 claimed the lives of 77 people , many of them youth
CNN  -- It is a momentous day for Georgian democracy -- but a painful one for the man who has led the former Soviet republic for nearly a decade . For the first time in the strategically important former Soviet state , power is set to be transferred by free and fair elections instead of revolution . As the results became clear , President Mikheil Saakashvili , a larger-than-life figure who was swept to power in 2003 , appeared on national television to accept defeat . After summing up the preliminary election results it is evident that the Georgian Dream coalition has achieved the advantage , he said , pledging not to hold up the process . But it must be a painful political blow to a man swept to power nine years ago in the popular Rose Revolution . Bogged down and damaged by accusations of authoritarianism and human rights abuse , including appalling images that emerged last month of prison inmates being physically and sexually abused in a Georgian jail , his once popular support appears to have slid away . Georgia 's ruling party concedes defeat in parliamentary elections Ambitions of Georgian membership into the European Union and the NATO military alliance tormented Russia with whom Georgia fought a brief war in 2008 . They may be less of a priority for the new government now . The prime minister-elect , who will take the reigns of power from Saakashvili next year , is Bidzina Ivanishvili , a controversial 56-year-old billionaire who made his fortune in Russia during the 1990s . With interests in iron ore , banks , pharmaceuticals and real estate , Ivanishvili grew up in Georgia 's rural west . He is now estimated by Forbes magazine to be the 153rd richest man in the world , with assets worth more than half of tiny Georgia  s GDP . His eccentric tastes include a number of pet penguins he keeps in a private zoo , along with a zebra and other exotic beasts . A multi-million dollar art collection , including works by Picasso , Gilbert & George and Roy Lichtenstein , is mainly housed in secure vaults in London , while he displays exact reproductions in his towering , James Bond-style glass palace in Tbilisi , the Georgian capital . During a bitter election campaign , government officials accused him of wanting to turn his back on Europe , NATO and the United States , to return Georgia to Russia 's sphere of influence . More darkly , critics accused him of being part of a Kremlin conspiracy to topple Georgia 's pro-Western leadership . But that is an accusation he adamantly denies , telling CNN he merely wants to repair shattered links with Moscow and has no intention of turning his back on the West . "  Restoring relations with the Kremlin is one of our main tasks , and we will strive in every way to do this , " he said . "  First , we have to convince the Kremlin that our strategy towards NATO and Europe is not harmful to and does not contradict Russian interests , " he added . For its part , the Kremlin -- whose tanks still occupy two breakaway regions of Georgia that Moscow recognizes as independent countries -- remained tight-lipped throughout the Georgian campaign . Only now has there been comment from Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev . "  If these results will become a reality , then -LSB- the -RSB- Georgian political landscape will be more diverse , " he told Russian media . "  It should be welcome because it probably means that more responsible and constructive forces are coming to the parliament , " he said . If that means Russia and Georgia can rebuild ties without sacrificing the achievements of the past decade , this may be a momentous day in Georgian democracy indeed .	For the first time , power is set to be transferred by free and fair elections instead of revolution Prime minister-elect Bidzina Ivanishvili made his fortune in Russia during the 1990s During a bitter election campaign , government officials accused him of wanting to return Georgia to Russia 's sphere of influence Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has welcomed the election result
The Florida A&M University marching band 's fraternity charter has been revoked for five years because of a hazing incident two years ago , the Kappa Kappa Psi National Fraternity said Monday . Florida A&M President James Ammons announced Tuesday that the band would remain on suspension through the 2012-2013 academic year after another hazing that resulted in the death of a student last November . Thirteen people have been charged in connection with the death of Robert Champion , 26 , who was badly beaten during last year 's incident on a band bus after a football game in Orlando . The 28 fraternity members and alumnus members who were present during a hazing in the spring of 2010 have been expelled from the fraternity , the group said . The school 's Delta Iota chapter can apply to reactivate its charter in May 2017 , it said .	FAMU 's Delta Iota chapter can apply to reactivate its charter in 2017 , Kappa Kappa Psi says 28 people present during a hazing in 2010 have been expelled from the fraternity Student Robert Champion died after a separate hazing last year , police say Thirteen people are charged in connection with Champion 's death
CNN  -- The New York Times Co. will sell The Boston Globe to sports magnate John W. Henry for $ 70 million , a fraction of the price it paid for the paper two decades ago . The company paid $ 1.1 billion for the properties . The impending sale to the owner of the Boston Red Sox is for 6.3 % of the price it paid . Both The Times and The Globe reported the deal Saturday . Henry 's Fenway Sports Group owns the baseball club , Fenway Park , 80 % of a regional sports television network and the giant Liverpool Football Club in England . The sale includes the Telegram & Gazette newspaper of Worcester , Massachusetts . As advertising losses and new reader habits afflicted newspapers nationwide , The Times began looking to shed The Globe and even threatened to close the paper in 2009 amid disputes with unions . Henry said he would disclose details about his plans for the newspapers soon , The Globe said . "  This is a thriving , dynamic region that needs a strong , sustainable Boston Globe playing an integral role in the community 's long-term future , " The Globe quoted Henry as saying .	New York Times paid $ 1.1 billion for Boston Globe in 1993 , sells for $ 70 million Buyer John W. Henry owns baseball 's Boston Red Sox and the Liverpool soccer team Sale price reflects newspapers ' advertising and reader losses
CNN  "  It 's showtime ! " Michael Keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in "  Beetlejuice " and "  Batman " in his third turn hosting "  Saturday Night Live " this weekend . Keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982 . "  I had a baby -- he 's 31 . I also have a new girlfriend -- she 's 28 , " he said . Fans who were hoping for a full-blown revival of Keaton 's most memorable characters might have been a little disappointed . SNL cast members Taran Killam and Bobby Moynihan begged the actor with a song to "  play " Batman and Beetlejuice with them . All they got in response were a couple of one-liners . Overall , Keaton 's performance drew high marks from viewers and critics for its "  deadpan " manner and "  unpredictable weirdness , " in the words of A.V. Club 's Dennis Perkins . Fans also delighted in a cameo from "  Walking Dead " star Norman Reedus during Weekend Update . Keaton scored some laughs from the audience as an ad executive who 's not very good at his job , a confused grandfather and a high school teacher who gets asked to the prom in a riff on the romantic comedy "  She 's All That . " Other crowd-pleasing spots included a Scientology parody music video and a news conference spoofing the NCAA student-athlete debate . The show also poked fun at CNN with cast member Cecily Strong playing anchor Brooke Baldwin . Baldwin said on Twitter that she 's taking it as a "  crazy compliment " and shared a clip from the skit .	Michael Keaton hosted "  Saturday Night Live " for the first time in 1982 In 2015 , his nods to starring roles in "  Beetlejuice " and "  Batman " are brief
San Diego , California  CNN  -- For much of this election season , I saw a lot to admire in Marco Rubio . I liked the independence and courage he showed in going against the Republican Party establishment by challenging Gov. Charlie Crist in the U.S. Senate race in Florida . And when Rubio was viciously and unfairly attacked by presumptuous white liberals for not being authentically Latino , I liked him even more . And now ? Not so much . It 's all because of how Rubio bungled his reaction to an Arizona law that -- despite supporters ' assurances that it wo n't lead to racial and ethnic profiling -- is certain to lead to racial and ethnic profiling . In true Kerryesque fashion , Rubio was against the law before he was in favor of it . As the intelligent , charismatic and well-spoken son of Cuban immigrants , Rubio rose through the ranks quickly to become speaker of the Florida Assembly before taking on Crist for the GOP Senate nomination . Rubio had not only vanquished Crist 's nomination hopes but , in effect , ran him out of the party . The governor is now running for the Senate as an independent , against both Rubio and presumptive Democratic nominee Kendrick Meek . In fact , things were going smoothly for Rubio until Arizonans passed a law intended to deputize state and local police officers to act as surrogate immigration agents . The idea behind SB 1070 is to round up as many illegal immigrants as possible by requiring that police check the immigration status of people with whom they come in contact if officers have "  reasonable suspicion " to believe that the person is the country illegally -- whether police want to or not . Despite the fact that the law is enormously popular with the GOP base , Rubio rightly opposed it as overly broad and flat-out dangerous . Just a few weeks ago , he said in a statement : "  States certainly have the right to enact policies to protect their citizens , but Arizona 's policy shows the difficulty and limitations of states trying to act piecemeal to solve what is a serious federal problem . From what I have read in news reports , I do have concerns about this legislation . While I do n't believe Arizona 's policy was based on anything other than trying to get a handle on our broken borders , I think aspects of the law , especially that dealing with ` reasonable suspicion , ' are going to put our law enforcement officers in an incredibly difficult position . It could also unreasonably single out people who are here legally , including many American citizens . Throughout American history and throughout this administration we have seen that when government is given an inch it takes a mile . " Rubio was right to be concerned . SB 1070 is such a deeply flawed piece of legislation that it had to be amended a week after it was signed . Supporters say the changes prevent racial and ethnic profiling . Now , police officers can prowl for illegal immigrants only in the course of enforcing some other law or ordinance . In the original version , all that was required was "  lawful contact . " Another change is that now , the state attorney general or a county attorney can not investigate complaints based on a person 's race , color or national origin . The original law allowed for race , color and national origin to be considered as one of several factors and only prohibited law enforcement from focusing "  solely " on those characteristics . That was good enough for Rubio , who now says he backs the controversial law as amended . Apparently , his concerns about racial profiling have been assuaged . Glad to hear it . Trouble is , now I have concerns about Rubio . He ca n't be that gullible . So he must be in denial . The amendments are totally cosmetic . In the real world of policing , it 's impossible for law enforcement officers -- particularly those who lack the specialized training given to Border Patrol agents -- to make assumptions about one 's legal status without taking race and ethnicity into account . We can tell them not to think about race and ethnicity , but that only makes them more likely to think about them . Anyone who claims otherwise is dishonest , disingenuous or delusional . Besides , there was an additional change in the law that arguably makes it even more dangerous and more divisive . Now , the requirement that a police officer must determine the immigration status of an individual who they have a "  reasonable suspicion " is in the country illegally extends to those instances where police respond to something as minor as city ordinance violations . That could include loud parties , barking dogs , cars on blocks , overcrowded apartments , etc. . One can easily imagine neighbors turning in one another , and an environment that is already poisoned with resentment and fear becoming more so . Supporters say they changed SB 1070 . Believe it . They made it worse and more likely to lead to abuse . Anyone who does n't see that must be blind . Of course , ambition has been known to have that effect on people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette used to admire Marco Rubio , who challenged Gov. Crist in Florida election But , Navarrette says , Rubio 's flip-flop on Arizona 's immigration law changed his mind Rubio opposed the law as racial profiling , now backs amended version , Navarrette says Navarrette says amendments are cosmetic at best ; Rubio gullible or blinded by ambition
CNN  -- Just three weeks after Jon and Kate Gosselin announced their separation , there is speculation of a new plus-one in the mix for "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 . " Jon Gosselin , here with his sons , was photographed on vacation with another woman . Fans of the show are buzzing about photos of Jon Gosselin apparently on vacation in Saint-Tropez , France , with a young woman who is definitely not his wife and reality TV co-star . People.com identified her as Hailey Glassman , the daughter of Dr. Lawrence Glassman , a surgeon who famously performed a tummy tuck on Kate that was documented for the Gosselins ' hit TLC show . Gosselin and Glassman appeared to be the guests of designer Christian Audigier , creator of the Ed Hardy line , and the pair was spotted holding hands , smoking together and lounging aboard Audigier 's yacht . The Gosselins ' marriage became the focus of their reality show -- which had followed the adventures of the pair raising a set of twins and sextuplets -- amid allegations that Jon was cheating on Kate with 23-year-old teacher Deanna Hummel . Jon repeatedly denied that he had strayed . But after much speculation and tension on the show , the couple announced in June that they had separated . The same day , Kate filed for divorce . Given the media spotlight , dating coach Patti Feinstein said , it 's not a good idea for Gosselin to be out with another woman so soon after the marital rift . "  You need to take a little time off from dating , because there is this rebound period , " Feinstein said . "  He 's probably feeling that he was n't getting enough attention from his wife , so he 's all lonely , and he needs to be stroked up . "  Once he gets the feeling that ` I 'm loveable ; I 'm worthy ; someone loves me for me and wants to put me first , ' " Feinstein theorized , "  then that person he is dating , either he will dump her , or she will dump him . " Relationship expert Nancy Slotnick said the unfortunate ones in the high-profile tabloid fodder are the Gosselin children : 8-year-old twins Cara and Mady and 5-year-old sextuplets Aaden , Collin , Joel , Alexis , Hannah and Leah . "  Their whole TV show is based on them being parents and caring for all of these kids they have , and both of them seem totally wrapped up in themselves , " Slotnick said . "  It 's strange that -LSB- Jon -RSB- feels like he has to deny the whole thing , then at the same time he is flaunting it . " Psychotherapist M. Gary Neuman advises that parents should wait about a year after a separation before introducing a relationship to their children . "  Children need about a year at least to adjust to the new sense of family and to develop individual relationships with each parent , " said Neuman , the author of "  Helping Your Kids Cope With Divorce the Sandcastles Way . " "  When Dad has a girlfriend , then kids can see that as an intrusion on their time and their situation . " Neuman , whose Sandcastles program for children of divorce is mandatory through the court system in several states , said children go through a great deal of emotional turmoil in the wake of a broken marriage . Couples should wait at least six months to even let their kids know that they are actively dating , Neuman said . "  It is hurtful to children to think that their parents are dating when it is done so soon after a separation , " Neuman said . "  Because what it says is that it is minimizing the marriage , and the marriage is crucial to children because they came from this union , and they want to know that their parents were in love when -LSB- the children -RSB- were born . "  The idea that there could be such a quick move to dating that the children are aware of could devalue their parents ' relationship and therefore themselves . " Neuman noted that parents going through a divorce can date privately but said they should also consider counseling before entering another serious relationship to guard against the high divorce rate for second marriages . Jon Gosselin has n't commented on the seriousness of his apparent relationship or even confirmed that it is a relationship . He told People that he felt "  very relaxed " during his time away , though he added : "  I keep thinking about the kids and missing them . "	Speculation arises about possible girlfriend for Jon Gosselin Reality star is photographed with another woman in the South of France Gosselins announced three weeks ago that they are divorcing Dating coach : "  You need to take a little time off from dating "
CNN  Every time a snowstorm bears down on Danbury , Connecticut -- which has happened a lot this winter -- students and parents turn to Twitter to find out whether schools will be closed . They rarely get a straight answer . Instead , Danbury residents see jokes , meme-filled videos and teasing references to snow days at fictional high schools from "  Glee " or "  Grease " -- all courtesy of Mayor Mark Boughton , a social-media prankster whose @MayorMark account provides actual updates about school closings amid all the buffoonery . "  Attention : West Beverly Hills High School is closed for tomorrow . # 90210 , " read one recent mayoral tweet . Boughton always gets around to the real news eventually . But first come the wisecracks . He was in especially rare form Tuesday night , tweeting almost a dozen snow-day jokes , Storify user and freelance journalist Kristin Hussey chronicled , as yet another storm hit Danbury . Parents and students tuning in for real news about snow days might find this running gag irritating . But on Twitter , at least , many students seem to get the joke . " @MayorMark you better get each and every one of us a therapist after all of stress you 're causing us , " wrote one . "  The kids take it tongue in cheek . They understand , because it 's sort of a tradition around here , " said Boughton , who told CNN he 's been trading jokes about snow days with students on Twitter for several years now . "  We go back and forth . But it 's all in good fun . " One twist of the whole thing is that Boughton does n't even make the call about closing Danbury schools . That decision is left to Superintendent of Schools Sal Pascarella , who confers with Boughton by phone and then sends an automated update to every parent 's phone . But Boughton , who ran for governor of Connecticut last year and has 18,000 Twitter followers , usually posts his school-closing tweets first . Finally , after hours of build-up , the mayor gave people of Danbury the news at 6:21 a.m. Wednesday : Schools would open two hours late . The mayor says he wants to help young people engage with public servants -- and show them that he can be funny . "  I have a very serious policy side ... but I like to have a good chuckle , " he said . "  That 's who I am . In the end , I think it  social media  is about being yourself . " He says he rarely gets complaints about his Twitter feed , and that "  parents think it 's hysterical . " But maybe not all Danbury parents . "  As a parent , has it been helpful ? No , " said Stephanie Pabon , whose 6-year-old son attends a Danbury magnet school . "  Because as a parent I do n't have time for Twitter . "	Mayor of Danbury , Connecticut , teases students on Twitter about school closings Mark Boughton tweets jokes , keeps kids guessing about snow days Mayor : "  It is sort of a tradition around here "
CNN  -- Linda Brown , a third-grader in Topeka , Kansas , walked across railroad tracks each morning in 1951 as part of the six-block walk to her school bus . From there , she rode one mile to her segregated elementary school . Her neighborhood school , open to whites only , was a mere four blocks from her house . Yet because of the color her skin , Linda could not attend . Linda 's father , Oliver Brown , served as the lead plaintiff in Brown v. Board of Education , the landmark Supreme Court case that dismantled the "  separate but equal " doctrine in public schools . Acknowledging in their 1954 decision that black children were being denied a quality education , the Supreme Court justices ruled unanimously that equal educational opportunity was a right guaranteed for all American children . But 60 years later , a new playbook of discriminatory education policies continues to keep schools separate and unequal , with countless children of color on the outside looking in . Landrieu : Charter schools : Let every child have access Instead of the old segregationists in the business of denying opportunities to students of color , so-called education "  reformers " today are producing the same outcomes through the policies of school closures and literally turning education into a business . Nationwide , public schools that serve predominantly African-American and Latino communities have been aggressively targeted . Schools are being closed , with students re-enrolled in different ones away from our neighborhoods . They 're being closed and turned over to private companies or swapped out for charters . Taking the public out of public education The rhetoric of "  we must do something " is dishonest at best . What the reformers do n't acknowledge is that this approach of closures and privatization has kept public education separate and unequal -- and , increasingly , not public at all . Parents , students , educators and community leaders across the nation have repeatedly resisted such policies . So at the onset of the 60th anniversary of the Brown decision , we are again taking action . On the behalf of the Journey for Justice Alliance -- a network of 36 grassroots community-based organizations across 22 cities -- this week the Advancement Project filed three complaints under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which prohibits discrimination in use of federal funds . We focused on cities deeply impacted by the school closures epidemic : Chicago , New Orleans and Newark , New Jersey . In each of these , African-American children are being uprooted , shuffled around and ultimately sent to schools that are no better than the one that closed . Districts are shirking their responsibility to use our tax dollars to educate our children and instead are giving multimillion dollar contracts to companies to do the job . In each city , African-American students ' hopes of equal educational opportunities are being dashed . We hope these complaints will help move these cities , and our nation , closer to the still elusive promise of Brown . Also this week , Journey for Justice released a report on the real-life impacts of school closings and privatization . Entitled "  Death by a Thousand Cuts : Racism , School Closures , and Public School Sabotage , " the report provides a searing look at the national pattern of school districts setting our schools up to fail through a combination of the following policies : high-stakes , testing-based accountability systems , enrollment policies that concentrate the most disadvantaged students in a few schools without providing the needed resources and siphoning public funds by promoting and favoring charter schools . Once these schools consequently suffer underenrollment and financial shortfalls , public officials then justify closing them . As the report details , school closures not only hurt educational outcomes , they have far-reaching negative consequences for children of color and their communities . Disproportionately hurt by school closures In Chicago , for example , 50 public schools were closed during the last school year alone . These closures targeted African-American communities , with black students accounting for only 43 % of all Chicago students but making up 87 % of the students affected by the closures . Dyett High School on Chicago 's South Side , for example , was sentenced to a slow death . Next year will be its last year in operation . With only 69 students left because of a refusal to admit any more , equal education is not even a fleeting thought . There are no advanced placement classes , and students must take physical education and art online . This was not because of bad teachers or uninterested parents and students , but a reflection of an appointed school board made up of people who do n't have children in public schools and who do not have to bear the weight of their policy decisions . Students of color in New Orleans and Newark are also reeling from the impacts of these policies . With increased school closures and the expansion of charter schools in New Orleans , the city 's Recovery School District has only five traditional public schools left and is on its way to being the nation 's first all-charter school district . Many of the schools in the city have admissions requirements that deny large numbers of children admission . Students in New Orleans , the majority black , have been swapped multiple times between different big-box charter chains , often finding it hard to get into a school but easy to get pushed out . Newark 's public schools have been under state control since 1995 , with no local control or community accountability for nearly 20 years . As a result , Newark communities have been unable to stop New Jersey 's plan to close neighborhood schools . Many of these are generational schools that fathers and grandmothers of current schoolchildren had attended years before . Now , very young children may be forced to ride two or three buses by themselves to attend unfamiliar schools , with unfamiliar staff , in a completely different part of town . By eliminating public input into school decision-making , school districts have forged a clear path to characterize our schools as failing , ushering in measures that set them up for closure , turnaround or phase-out . Meanwhile , education outcomes have not improved as a result of these initiatives . Our children should not be treated as collateral damage in failed educational experiments , and school districts and the federal government must abandon the discriminatory education reform agenda that supports the aggressive use of school closures and charter school expansion . These unsuccessful models should be replaced with a community-based model that ensures local solutions are tailored to local issues , with supports to ensure that the full array of students ' developmental needs are being met , and that every student has access to a curriculum that is enriched , engaging and culturally relevant . As our nation recognizes the anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education , the fight for education justice is as present as ever . And just as Oliver Brown stood up for his daughter then , today parents in communities of color are continuing the struggle to make equal education real for their children . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Authors argue that shifts in public schools to corporate or charter models hurt children 60 years after Brown v. Board , they say policies still keep schools separate and unequal From Chicago to New Orleans to Newark , schools are being shut or dismantled They have filed three complaints to prohibit discrimination in federal funds used for education
BIHAR , India  CNN  -- Extreme flooding has displaced millions of people on either side of the India-Nepal border after a river burst its banks , authorities said Thursday . People walk along a flooded railway track in Madhepura , India . In India 's northeastern state of Bihar , almost 3 million people have been affected by the worst flooding in decades , and more than 100,000 people have been displaced in southeastern Nepal after the breach last week . The Saptakoshi River in Nepal is the same one that flooded neighboring India 's poorest state , although the Indians call it the Kosi River . In some stretches , it is three miles  5 km  wide . Nepalese Home Secretary Umesh Mainali said that of those displaced in Nepal , "  more than 40,000 are living in government run camps . " Many victims are taking shelter in schools and colleges . Residents were forced from their homes after an aged and damaged embankment on the river burst August 18 in Nepal . Water flowed so forcefully through the breach that it actually changed the course of the river , which now flows 75 miles  120 km  east of its original bed . Bad weather and washed-out roads -- including the region 's main highway -- have hampered relief efforts , officials said . The heavy rains have also made repairing the breach difficult . Nepalese and Indian teams have been working separately to try to stem the flow of water , Mainali said . State-run Nepal Television reported Thursday that many Indian citizens are coming through the open border because of the availability of food and shelter . The Indian government said that about 50 people have been killed , revising the figure down from 87 deaths reported Wednesday . The Disaster Management Department in Bihar released a death toll of 12 , an increase of two since Wednesday . There was no immediate explanation for the variance in numbers . "  Flood is understatement , " Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said . "  It 's a disaster . " Watch how India is struggling to cope " Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi , head of the ruling Congress party , flew over the four most flooded districts of Supaul , Saharsa , Araria and Madhepura , the news agency Press Trust of India reported . Singh announced immediate aid of about $ 238 million and promised the delivery of 125,000 metric tons of grain to the region . CNN 's Sara Sidner traveled by boat Thursday with some of the soldiers and called the mayhem "  enormous . " "  We have seen panic , we 've seen sorrow , we 've seen despair . ... Hundreds of people screamed to us from rooftops as we floated by . " The soldiers were trying to pull people to safety , Sidner said , "  but there are simply too many people to rescue and too few boats to do so . People were literally screaming , waving , running with suitcases in water trying to get to us . " The Home Ministry said that nearly 153,000 people have been evacuated , and 31,000 are staying in 155 relief camps . About 228,000 homes have been damaged . There was no number provided Thursday on the number of homes destroyed . Madhepura district , where 1 million people live in 378 villages , is the worst hit , officials said . There are 900,000 residents in Supaul and 250,000 in Araria . More than 2.7 million people in 1,600 villages have been affected , thousands of them marooned on thin strips of dry land peeking out from cloudy brown waters of the swollen Kosi River . With heavy rainfall forecast for the next two days , officials worry that the situation will get much worse . Indians call it the River of Sorrow . Every summer , from June to September , the relentless monsoon rains cause the Kosi to overflow , bringing untold misery . This year , though , it swallowed entire villages in areas unaccustomed to water that deep -- with the worst flooding in 80 years in the landlocked rural state . Government agencies , nongovernmental organizations and good Samaritans have begun doing what they can : using motorboats to rescue stranded residents , for example , or dropping thousands of food packets from the sky . Watch as boats deliver supplies , provide rescue " The scale of the disaster is overwhelming . About half the state is under water , a submerged area the size of the entire U.S. state of Delaware . One man told CNN 's partner network IBN that he scrounged together 2,000 rupees  $ 45  to pay a boatman to ferry his family to safety . "  We agreed on 2,000  rupees  , and he upped it to 2,700  $ 61  just like that , " he said . "  What can I do ? I paid him . " But many others stayed put . Nine hundred million Indians survive on less than 85 rupees  $ 2  a day , a British government study found this year . Many of them live in Bihar , the poorest and considered to be the most lawless state in India . They have nowhere to go . "  It 's raining here . People are on rooftops begging to be rescued , " CNN 's Bharati Naik said while touring some of the affected area Thursday . There are "  not enough boats . Villagers are crying and extremely frustrated . " Officials worry that in coming days , stranded residents may start drinking the contaminated river water , raising fears of an epidemic . "  There is no water to drink , " one man told CNN-IBN . "  We are hungry . We 're thirsty . We have to drink something . " Roshan Kumar , a teacher from one of the flooded villages , arrived at an army base to seek help for his neighbors . About 30,000 people are stranded , he said . The army said it 's doing all it can . Meanwhile , the water level in many areas continues to rise even as hope , among many , is beginning to falter .	India and Nepal battle worst flooding for decades India says 3 million affected in northeast ; Nepal says 100,000 displaced River burst bank and now flows 75 miles east of its original course Indian prime minister tours area and announces $ 238 million aid package
The critical Java vulnerability that is currently under attack was made possible by an incomplete patch Oracle developers issued last year to fix an earlier security bug , a researcher said . The revelation , made Friday by Adam Gowdiak of Poland-based Security Explorations , is the latest black eye for Oracle 's Java software framework which is installed on more than 1 billion PCs , smartphones , and other devices . Miscreants use these exploits to turn compromised websites into platforms for silently installing keyloggers and other types of malicious software on the computers of unsuspecting visitors . Last year saw a steady stream of attacks that exploited Java vulnerabilities , allowing miscreants to surreptitiously install keyloggers and other malicious software when unwitting people browsed compromised websites . The abuse has already continued into 2013 , when on Thursday researchers reported yet another critical bug that is being "  massively exploited in the wild " . According to Gowdiak , the latest vulnerability is a holdover from a bug  referred to here as Issue 32  that Security Explorations researchers reported to Oracle in late August . Oracle released a patch for the issue in October but it was incomplete , he said in an e-mail to Ars that was later published to the Bugtraq mailing list . "  Bugs are like mushrooms , in many cases they can be found in a close proximity to those already spotted , " Gowdiak wrote . "  It looks like Oracle either stopped the picking too early or they are still deep in the woods . " Oracle representatives did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . This post will be updated if a reply comes later . People who do n't use Java much should once again consider unplugging Java from their browser , while those who do n't use it at all may want to uninstall it altogether . The release notes for Java 7 Update 10 -- the most recent version -- say users can disable the program from the browser by accessing the Java Control Panel . KrebsOnSecurity has instructions here for other ways to do this . Exploits of the latest Java vulnerability , which were first observed more than a month ago , are the combination of two bugs . The first involves the Class.forName   method and allows the loading of arbitrary  restricted  classes . The second bug relies on the invokeWithArguments method call and was also a problem with Issue 32 that Oracle purportedly patched in October . "  However , it turns out that the fix was not complete as one can still abuse invokeWithArguments method to setup calls to invokeExact method with a trusted system class as a target method caller , " Gowdiak wrote . "  This time the call is however done to methods of new Reflection API  from java.lang.invoke . * package  , of which many rely on security checks conducted against the caller of the target method . " Developers of the Metasploit framework for hackers and penetration testers have released a module that should exploit the vulnerability on machines running Windows , Apple OS X , and Linux regardless of the browser they 're using . The US-CERT , which is affiliated with the Department of Homeland Security , is advising people to disable Java in Web browsers .	Java vulnerability is due to incomplete patch by Oracle , researcher says Java 's software is on more than 1 billion PCs , smartphones and other computers People who do n't use Java are encouraged to uninstall it
CNN  -- Keith Felch is admittedly a big guy , but more than a few super-fit cyclists in Southern California have been left wondering how that dude just went flying by . Keith Felch calls his electric bike a "  hill eraser " because he can ride it to work without breaking a sweat . And then his wife , Mary , comes motoring past . "  They stare , like how can a girl go past me , " she says , laughing . It takes the other riders a few seconds but then they figure it out . They have electric motors . The Felches , who live in Aliso Viejo , California , used to drive everywhere , except when they used their bikes for recreation . That changed when they got their new e-bikes , made by a company called Optibike . Now , they ride to go shopping and to go to breakfast -- but mostly they ride to work . Keith Felch says the couple has cut 50 percent of their car-use since they started electric biking . And there are other benefits . Keith Felch dropped 30 pounds and his blood pressure fell 10 points in the first six months he owned the bike , he says . The Felches do n't exactly classify themselves as "  environmentalists , " although Mary said it is important to have a positive effect on the planet . "  I learned that the worst amount of smog that you put out -LSB- in an automobile -RSB- is in the first mile , so if we can make even some of those shorter trips on our bicycles , it makes a big difference , " she says . Who wants one ? Brent Meyers , director of sales for Ultra Motor US , says electric bikes attract different types of buyers . Many are looking to make a green imprint . Some are "  active adults " who have ridden bicycles for years who -- as they get older -- are unable to do the same kind of riding they did when they were young . Other buyers want to ride their bikes to work quickly -- and avoid a sweaty entrance into the office . Oddly -- or perhaps not -- Ultra Motor US sees its strongest sales when the price of oil skyrockets , says Meyers . Two wheels , a motor and 100 million riders Electric bikes are still somewhat of a novelty in the United States , but in China they 're everywhere . In fact , Chinese electric bikes number more than 100 million -- which is about four times the number of Chinese private cars , according to Electric Bikes Worldwide Reports . The bikes are popular in Europe as well . Sales figures for the United States are hard to pinpoint . In the United States , about 200,000 electric bicycles were sold last year , said Ed Benjamin of the Light Electric Vehicle Association -- about twice the number sold in 2005 . But the industry has hit a bump in the road from the recession , as sales were down about 10 percent in 2009 , he said . E-bikes are mostly made by specialty companies , but the growing sales trend has been noticed by the big boys . Trek , a worldwide leader in bike sales , has been making electric bikes for three years , but only introduced them in the United States in the past year . Other well-known companies like Schwinn and Giant are increasing their presence in the e-bike field . At Interbike , the biggest bicycle industry convention in the United States , there were more than 20 companies displaying e-bikes this year . Meyers said only a few years ago , it was about five . Prices range from a few hundred dollars -- the E-Zip Trailz Hybrid costs $ 398 at Wal-Mart -- to more than $ 13,000 for OptiBike 's top-end model . Prices increase as battery technology and components get better . Steve Roseman of The Electric Bike Network in San Francisco , California , said most buyers he sees do n't balk at the price , which can be as much as a good road or mountain bike . They are mostly concerned with how far they can go on a battery charge and how fast . What 's an ` e-bike ' ? By law , electric bikes must have no more than 1 horsepower and go no faster than 20 mph  on motor power alone  . Basically they are much like traditional bicycles with small motors that power the bike or assist a rider with pedaling . Many have gears like a regular bike . "  It 's just adding the throttle aspect , other than that it handles like a regular bicycle , " Keith Felch said . He says he uses the throttle all the time , choosing one of two modes -- eco -LSB- half power -RSB- or fast -LSB- full power -RSB- . He says he once tried a regular bike for his 4 1/2 - mile ride to one of his music studios where he teaches jazz improvisation . But the hills nearly got him . He calls his electric bike a "  hill eraser . " It also makes the ride to his farthest studio -- 22 miles away -- seem much closer . He says he gets about 35 miles on his primary battery and has an additional one for long rides . Shifting views But as they tout the virtues of electric bikes , advocates also realize that there will have to be a shift in the way Americans view them before they become as popular as they are in Europe or China . "  There are two possible sides to the equation , " Roseman said . "  One would be a change in the way people view transportation . There are still a lot of SUVs out there . ... People still have a hard time thinking about riding a bicycle unless they are 10 years old , it seems . So there needs to be a little shift in mentality . " "  But having said that , I think there is a growing awareness about health and transportation and environmental issues so it could be that we are just reaching a juncture where things will change -LSB- for e-bikes -RSB- . " Meyers says people also have a preconceived notion about electric bikes . Some view them as expensive or poor quality or uncomfortable . And Meyers admits , e-bikes are not for everybody . As Roseman says , people who live in Spandex will probably always prefer a really good road bike and hard-core city cyclists may well stick to their fixed-gear bikes . Meyers says Ultra , which sells its bike for $ 2,700 , is n't for those kinds of people . "  That 's not our customer , " he says . "  Our customer is someone who wants some form of electric transportation , green transportation , that can get them from Point A to Point B comfortably . " The Felches say taking a test drive will change a skeptic 's attitude . "  If you ride one , it will blow your mind , " Keith Felch says . "  When you get on one it 's like being in a flying dream you 've had . It 's like everything you 've dreamed your bicycle should do in your wildest dreams -- it 's doing it . "	Electric bikes can run either on pedal-power or their tiny motors "  It 's like being in a flying dream ... it will blow your mind , " says rider E-bike commuters like saving gas and arriving at work without breaking a sweat China has more than 100 million electric bikes -- four times the number of cars
The arrest of an American teenager for allegedly attempting to join the Islamic militant group ISIS has stunned people in the working-class Chicago suburb where he lives . Neighbors and attendees of a local mosque described Mohammed Hamzah Khan , 19 , as a nice , polite young man . "  He 's the last person that we 'd think that would happen to , " Bahauddin Ali Khan , a member of the mosque that Khan regularly attended in Bolingbrook , Illinois , told CNN affiliate WLS . FBI counterterrorism agents arrested Khan on Saturday at O'Hare International Airport where he was planning to fly to Vienna and then onward to Istanbul , according to the U.S. Department of Justice . Letter to family He had reportedly explained his reasons for attempting the journey in a three-page letter he left for his family in the bedroom he shared with a sibling in Bolingbrook . He invited his family to join him in the "  Islamic State " -- the name ISIS uses to refer to itself -- but warned them not to tell anyone about his travel plans , according to a criminal complaint . Khan wrote that there is an obligation to "  migrate " to territory controlled by ISIS , which has used bloodthirsty tactics to seize control of large areas of Syria and Iraq . "  We are all witness that the Western societies are getting more immoral day by day , " Khan wrote in the letter , according to the complaint . "  I do not want my kids being exposed to filth like this . " He said he could n't bear the thought of his taxes in the United States , which along with other countries is carrying out airstrikes against ISIS , being used to kill his "  Muslim brothers and sisters . " Planned to meet contact in Istanbul During questioning at the airport , Khan waived his Miranda rights and told FBI agents that a person he met online had given him the phone number of a person to call once he arrived in Istanbul . That person , Khan told agents , was to take him into ISIS territory . The Department of Justice said the $ 4,000 round-trip ticket to Istanbul was bought on September 26 . But details on who purchased it for Khan and who he was to meet in Turkey were not disclosed . According to the complaint , Khan told authorities he was planning on working in some type of public service for ISIS -- like a police force -- providing humanitarian work or taking up a combat role . Turkey , the complaint notes , is a common transit point for foreign fighters from Western countries who travel to join ISIS . ` The kid was polite ' Khan 's family members , who attended his initial appearance in a federal court Monday , have declined to talk about him , asking for privacy . But neighbors in Bolingbrook expressed shock at the news . "  Surprised , really surprised , " said Steve Moore , who says he 's known the family for about two years . "  The kid was polite . I did n't expect anything like that in the least bit . " Neighbors told WLS that Khan graduated from the Furqaan Academy , an Islamic school across the street from his house . The Muslim Association of Bolingbrook , which runs the mosque Khan attended , said it will cooperate fully with authorities , the broadcaster reported . Another of the mosque 's members said Khan taught there . "  He would never get angry . Really nice guy , " Ali Idrees told WLS . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? Search finds writings and drawings What 's unclear is how the teenager was radicalized and if his family knew what he was planning . Agents searched Khan 's Bolingbrook home , where he lives with his family , finding pro-ISIS writings and drawings in common areas of the house , according to the criminal complaint . That suggests some of his views may have been known to members of his family . Khan has been charged with one count of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization , which carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . How ISIS makes its millions	People who know Mohammed Hamzah Khan describe him as nice and polite "  He 's the last person that we 'd think that would happen to , " says a member of his mosque Khan lives in Bolingbrook , a working-class suburb of Chicago , with his family He graduated from an Islamic school on his street and taught at a local mosque , neighbors say
Washington  CNN  -- The parents of slain American journalist James Foley said Friday the U.S. and other governments will eventually have to negotiate with the Islamist group that beheaded their son in August . "  Eventually I think we 're going to have to negotiate , " John Foley said in an interview on French radio . "  This situation is not going to be solved by military intervention and money alone . So at some point in time , people are going to have to talk . " Foley 's mother Diane agreed that "  we need to talk with them " and that ISIS needs "  to be understood by our world . " She said in the interview with Europe 1 that the U.S. should "  reevaluate the policies about negotiation with terrorists " and Foley 's father conceded that while a ransom may not have saved his son 's life , "  it would n't cost anything to negotiate . " Foley 's mother said Friday she believed the U.S. government tried "  very hard " to try and free her son , but in an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper last month , the bereaved mother said she was "  embarrassed and appalled " by how the U.S. government handled her son 's abduction . "  I think our efforts to get Jim freed were an annoyance , " she said in September . Foley 's parents have since established a foundation , the James W. Foley Legacy Fund , which aims to support families of U.S. hostages , conflict reporting organizations and educational groups and institutions . Foley 's mother ` appalled ' by U.S. government handling of case And the parents were adamant in their belief that journalists should continue to cover conflict around the world to reveal atrocities . "  If we allow the terrorists to prevent journalists from going into these areas then atrocities continue and the world is unaware , we look the other way and evil continues , " John Foley said in the interview . "  So we need the world community to come together to try and answer this challenge . "	James Foley 's parents said the U.S. should talk and eventually negotiate with ISIS . Foley 's parents said the U.S. should reevaluate its policies on negotiating with terrorists The parents said they hope journalists will continue to cover war zones like their son did .
CNN  -- They were young men in their early 20s , all of them joining the armed forces with a desire from an early age to serve their country . They were taken in the battlefield this week , not by enemy combatants but by their comrades in a tragic case of ` friendly fire . ' The U.S. military has not officially released the name of the five American service members who were killed Monday in southern Afghanistan when a coalition jet , called in to help ward off a Taliban attack , mistakenly bombed them . According to NATO , the troops were conducting a security operation . Such operations have been stepped up ahead of Afghanistan 's presidential runoff election , which will take place Saturday . The service members ' unit came under rocket fire from Taliban militants . They called in air support . "  But the airstrike mistakenly bombed their own friends too , " said Ghulam Sakhi Roghliwanai , the police chief of Zubair province where the incident took place . Their families spoke to CNN affiliates and local newspapers , painting a picture of determined soldiers whose love for their country was rivaled equally by their love for their family . Their deaths bring to 2,328 the number of Americans who have died since the Afghan war began in October 2001 . Here is a snapshot of four of the five service members . CNN is waiting to confirm the identity of the fifth : Justin Clouse , 22 Clouse joined the Army a year after graduating high school in Sprague , Washington . He was on his second tour in Afghanistan as a gunner . "  He always wanted to service his country , " his mother , TIna , told the Spokesman Review newspaper . He had planned to leave the Army next May , marry his fiancee , study engineering and find a job in the oil industry , his mother told the paper . Justin Helton , 24 Like Clouse , Helton too was engaged to be married . His family told CNN affiliate WBNS that his fiancee moved from Columbus , Ohio , to Fort Bragg in North Carolina to be closer to him . His friends were all looking forward to his return . "  I 've never had a feeling like this , " friend Tim Hattle told the TV station . "  It just pulled the life right out of me . " Hattle said he 'll most miss Helton 's easygoing personality . "  He was just an all-around great guy , " said Hattle . "  Never seen him angry or get upset . Always lifts up people around him . " Aaron Toppen , 19 Toppen , of Mokena , Illinois , was a private who had been deployed to Afghanistan in March . "  I 've known the Toppens for years . They 're good people , and Aaron was a good boy , and he was excited about going into the military , " neighbor Larry Bettenhausen told CNN affiliate WGN . In a Facebook post , his sister , Amanda , called him "  my biggest hero and the bravest man I know . " Scott Studenmund , 24 Studenmund knew he wanted to serve his country from a very young age , his family told CNN affiliate KTLA . He had been a Green Beret and an Army staff sergeant , they said . "  He worked his way up the ladder in rank , " neighbor Marlin James told the station . "  They were so proud of him . We were all very proud of him . " CNN 's Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report .	The five were killed when a coalition jet mistakenly bombed them Their deaths bring to 2,328 the number of Americans who have died in the Afghan war Friends and family remember them as brave , loving men
Tribune Media Services  -- Who says college kids have all the fun ? I 've spent spring breaks hunting for the "  perfect " Sand Dollar on a Sanibel Island beach , watching major leaguers at spring training games , along with my little leaguers , and exploring the Grand Canyon with a couple of young hikers who were thrilled to become Junior Rangers . So , if you think spring break is only for college kids , think again . While more college students opt to do volunteer work on their breaks  and you can certainly find a family volunteer project , too  families have discovered that it is easier -- and often cheaper -- to get away in the spring than in the summer when camps and summer jobs -- not to mention work schedules and peak travel season perils -- wreak havoc with family vacation planning . That 's why despite the recession you can expect to see parents and kids racing down ski slopes all around the country . In Vermont , try a smaller , less expensive area like Bolton Valley . California 's Northstar-at-Tahoe offers deep family discounts . Kids can ski two days here for $ 30 and you get half-off a second kids ' ski lessons . Or choose instead to cheer on your favorite teams at spring training games in Florida and Arizona . Look for deals like at the InterContinental Tampa , which is close to George Steinbrenner 's Legends Field . Here you 'll save 25 percent on the best rate and get a "  Fan Tool Kit , " which includes a baseball for signing , a box of Cracker Jack and a lot more .  The kids will love this ! In Arizona , the historic Wigwam Golf Resort & Spa offers an overnight spring training escape package starting at just $ 219 , plus resort credits , while the W Scottsdale Hotel & Residences , a hip downtown property , promises the chance to mingle with the players at practice , suite accommodations , signed baseball gear and buy-one-get-one tickets -- as long as you can afford $ 1,000 per night . Throughout March and April , look for deals in Hawaii like those at Maui 's Honua Kai Resort & Spa . Honua offers up to 35 percent off the room rate , which starts at just $ 260/night for a one-bedroom suite . Or try the Caribbean  look for kids up to 15 free deals available now at Club Med as long as you book by March 1 .  If sailing is more your style , share dinner with grandparents on mega cruise ships while happily comparing notes at what a great deal you scored . "  In past years , many of these ships and categories would be sold out by now , " according to Heidi Allison-Shane from Cruise Compete.com . She notes that while prices are up from last year , they still remain 10 percent lower than 2008 with especially good deals on the ultra deluxe liners . "  There is great availability right now as consumers are waiting until the last minute to book , " she adds . You certainly do n't have to bust the budget either . Take a short cruise , for example , from a port near your home  Norwegian Cruise Line is launching Nickelodeon-themed cruises from New York City in late April  or head to a ski resort touting free nights and lift tickets  The Canyons , for example , in Utah gives two lift tickets for every room booked  . Take the train  kids travel at a deep discount on Amtrak  and explore a nearby city . Go with one child if the others have to stay home . Go solo if your significant other ca n't get away . Use the opportunity to try something new . Learn to scuba dive or snowboard , explore a museum devoted to sport like the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield , Massachusetts , where basketball was first invented , or music  the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland , Ohio ,  or spies  the International Spy Museum in Washington , D.C.  . So many families come to Orlando for spring break -- 2.6 million visitors in March and April -- that you 'll see more kids here than at any other time of year , except summer . And it wo n't be nearly as hot .  Check out the new Super Deal program and new Magicard offers on everything from Disney World attractions to accommodations and restaurants  . Buy three nights and get two more free , including a week 's unlimited admission to Universal Studios ' two parks where the much anticipated "  Wizarding World of Harry Potter " will open later this spring -- less than $ 800 for two adults and two parents . You may even score free admission to see The Mouse himself at Walt Disney World , if your family spends a day volunteering . Look for hotel packages in Orlando and elsewhere , especially for families . In honor of Holiday Inn Club Vacations in Orlando , Florida 's , first anniversary , for example , guests can score an upgrade to a two-bedroom villa , a $ 250 resort credit , lazy river tubes , mini golf and more . Or you can avoid hotels entirely . One friend checks www.craigslist.com for apartment rentals in cities where she wants to visit and proposes what she 'd like to pay , typically scoring a deal -- at half the going rate , she boasted . Also try sites like www.vrbo.com and www.homeaway.com where you can also negotiate directly with a homeowner or check out www.perfectfamilyvacation.com for good deals on digs in resort locales with multi-bedrooms . Travelocity has more than 100 hotels for under $ 100 per night . Hotels are where the values are this spring with rates down 10 percent or more in destinations like Orlando , Cancun , Honolulu , South Florida and Tampa/St . Petersburg , reports Travelocity 's Genevieve Brown . Last spring break -- my daughter Mel 's last before she went away to college -- I let her lead the way straight to Austria 's Oetztal Valley , about an hour from Innsbruck . We holed up in the Hotel Regina , a small , quaint hotel , and skied every day , traversing glaciers , viewing the Alps and stopping at traditional wooden huts for hearty lunches of homemade sausage and apple strudel . Mel , an avid skier , was thrilled by the mountains and by the fact that she could drink legally . I was thrilled to have her all to myself for a few days . "  Good bonding time , " she told me . Exactly what a spring break should be -- wherever you go .	Families have discovered it 's often easier and cheaper to vacation in the spring Parents and kids can race down ski slopes in Vermont or California Use the opportunity to try something new like scuba diving or a museum
CNN  -- Separatist rebels who captured northern areas of Mali called a cease-fire starting Thursday , saying they had captured key territory and achieved their military mission . The Azawad National Liberation Movement  MNLA  said the rebels had captured enough of Mali 's vast Sahara region to put down their guns . The online statement said the MNLA "  decides unilaterally to proclaim an end to military operations as of Thursday , April 5 at midnight GMT . " The Tuaregs consider the area , which they call Azawad , as the cradle of their nomadic civilization and launched an insurgency in January to achieve a separate homeland . The conflict has uprooted more than 200,000 people from their homes . Buoyed by the chaos after last month 's military coup that toppled the government , the rebels swept through the north with relative ease and wrested control of several strategic cities , including Kidal , Gao and Timbuktu . "  In all liberated regions , may it be in Kidal , Gao or Timbuktu , the MLNA today constitutes the sole authority providing security to the population , " MNLA spokesman Mossa Ag Attaher told CNN affiliate BFM-TV . The rebels have effectively split the West African nation in two , and northern areas remain volatile and tense , preventing aid agencies from accessing displaced people , the United Nations refugee agency said Thursday . Thursday , the regional group , Economic Community of West African States , met in the Ivorian capital , Abidjan , to discuss military intervention in Mali . The MLNA , however , warned ECOWAS against the deployment of troops . Attaher told BFM-TV that the rebels have at least 3,000 fighters and any intervention "  would be a disaster . " After the March 22 coup , Mali , long a shining example of democracy and stability in Africa , plunged into crisis . Amnesty International said northern Mali was teetering on the brink of disaster . Kidal , Gao and Timbuktu have experienced days of looting , abductions and chaos since they were occupied by armed groups late last week , the human rights group said . "  All the food and medicine stored by major aid agencies has been looted , and most of the aid workers have fled , " said Gaetan Mootoo , Amnesty International 's researcher on West Africa . "  Women and girls particularly are too terrified to leave their homes . People are describing an atmosphere of near total lawlessness , " Mootoo said . In Gao , water and electricity have been cut and the hospital looted , Amnesty reported . Shops are shuttered , and people are surviving on meager food supplies . "  Medicine has been stolen and the records of the patients destroyed , " a doctor told Amnesty . "  In a few days , years of medical efforts and success have disappeared in the flames . " The Algerian consul in Gao and six employees were forcibly taken from the consulate and are being held by unidentified groups , the Algerie Presse Service reported . "  The Algerian government is totally mobilized for their liberation as soon as possible , " said Algerian Foreign Minister Mourad Medelci . In Kidal , Ansar Dine , an Islamist faction of the secular MNLA , has asked women to wear veils and destroyed a nightclub , Amnesty said . Ansar Dine is intent in imposing Sharia , or Islamic law . In Timbuktu , Ansar Dine arrested and detained people accused of robbery and looting . Amnesty said it was concerned the group would mete out punishments in accordance with Sharia . "  The town is emptying out , " a Timbuktu resident told Amnesty . "  People are going to the south or to Mauritania . They are using all means : by car , by motorbike or on the donkeys . " Meanwhile in the capital , Bamako , military leaders who overthrew President Amadou Toumani Toure because of his alleged inability to handle the Tuareg rebellion postponed plans Thursday for a national convention aimed at addressing political woes . The reason remained unclear . Military leaders had planned to invite political parties and civilian representatives to the convention , said Capt. Amadou Sanogo , the junta leader . The international community -- including West African states , the African Union and the United States -- has called for the immediate restoration of constitutional rule . The African Union and ECOWAS have also slapped the military junta with travel and economic restrictions and have frozen its assets . ECOWAS imposed a diplomatic and financial embargo , said Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara , who is chairman of the group . "  All diplomatic , economic , financial measures and others ... will not be lifted until the re-establishment of constitutional order , " he said . Sanctions targeted the supporters and relatives of the military junta and all those involved in contributing to the "  destabilization " of Mali , the African Union said . Under the sanctions , five neighboring nations will close their borders to landlocked Mali except for humanitarian purposes and deny the nation access to their ports , freeze its accounts in regional banks and suspend its participation in cultural and sporting events . Now , Mali has no no access to the sea , is heavily dependent on foreign aid and faces a future of uncertainty . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : A rebel spokesman says outside military intervention would be a "  disaster " One of the armed groups wants to establish Islamic law The rebels capitalized on the chaos created by a recent coup that overthrew the president Mali , once a beacon of stability , is in the throes of crisis
CNN  -- Bradford City will have one final chapter to write in its fairytale story after defying all the odds to realize its dream of playing in a major final at the iconic Wembley Stadium . Bradford , which plays in the fourth tier of English football , was beaten 2-1 at Premier League Aston Villa Tuesday , but prevailed 4-3 on aggregate to become the first team from its division to reach the final of the League Cup since 1962 Facing a team worth millions of dollars , it was a collection of players assembled for less than $ 12,000 , which drew on its bravery , courage and no shortage of skill to do the unthinkable . ` Giant-killers ' Bradford stun Aston Villa in League Cup Not since 1911 when it won the FA Cup has Bradford appeared in a major cup final and now it will compete for the previously unimaginable prospect of playing in European competition next season . Either Chelsea or Swansea will provide the opposition on February 24 , but thoughts of that can wait while City bask in the glory of a wonderful tale . It is an incredible story for a club which dropped out of the Premier League 12 years ago and disappeared from the higher echelons of the game in frightening fashion . Financial woes and three relegations in six years followed , but the Yorkshire club has now awoken from its slumber and breathed romance into the English game . French minnows triumph Leading 3-1 against Premier League Aston Villa , a club owned by American businessman Randy Lerner , the visitor fell behind in the 24th minute when Belgian striker Christian Benteke flicked home . But Bradford , which had already defeated Premier League teams Wigan and Arsenal in earlier rounds , refused to be denied . And with 10 minutes of the second half gone , James Hanson headed home a dramatic equalizer to restore his side 's overall advantage . Villa , which sits 17th out of 20 in the Premier League , has endured a disappointing season under manager Paul Lambert . It has been thrashed 8-0 by Chelsea , while also suffering home defeats by Tottenham , Wigan and Southampton . Manager Lambert has been under increasing pressure with the threat of relegation continuing to loom on the horizon . But the 1982 European champion was still expected to defeat a Bradford side which is 10th in its own league . Arsenal stunned by fourth tier Bradford Instead it was City which looked the more likely to win the game outright with Garry Thompson smashing his effort against the crossbar , while Hanson failed to hit the target when well placed . Villa did eventually move back in front in the 89th minute when Andreas Weimann nipped in to fire home , but it was too little , too late , for the home side . Dreamland "  Coming here two goals up we had a great chance , " Bradford manager Phil Parkinson told Sky Sports . "  In the first half Villa were excellent , but in the second I thought we were excellent and deserved it . "  We felt in the first half we did n't pass the ball and in the second we got hold of the ball and had a period of possession . We knew Villa are an attacking team that would leave space for us . "  It 's dreamland . We said we had a chance to make history and it 's absolutely tremendous . " Italy Meanwhile , in Italy , Lazio scored a late goal to claim a 1-1 draw at Juventus in the first leg of its Coppa Italia semifinal . Captain Stefano Mauri scored an 86th minute equalizer to cancel out Federico Peluso 's earlier strike . Juventus wasted a whole host of chances with Arturo Vidal hitting a post and Federico Marchetti making a vital clearance off the line . The two teams will meet again in the second leg on January 29 .	Minnow Bradford City progresses to League Cup Final City wins 4-3 on aggregate following 2-1 defeat at Aston Villa Bradford is first team from fourth-tier to make final since 1962 Chelsea or Swansea will provide opposition in final
Mental Floss  -- Just hearing the word "  champagne " conjures up images of sparkling wine , popping corks , and wild celebrations . But mentioning that other Champagne -- as in the northeastern region of France -- evokes a much more complex bouquet . Filled with wars , political clashes , and controversy , the bubbly region and its eponymous drink have produced a rich history worth toasting to . Divine Origins Today , the region synonymous with sparkling wine is crowded with vineyards -- but that was n't always the case . In fact , during the 17th century , France 's Champagne district was known primarily for its high-quality wool . Then a Benedictine monk named Dom Perignon came along and changed everything . At the age of 29 , Perignon was appointed business manager of Champagne 's Abbey at Hautvillers . Realizing that the financial health and reputation of the monastery was tied to its vineyards , the Dom set to work resurrecting the beaten-down vines and reconstructing the cellar . In almost no time , the Hautvillers vineyard was up and running . Nowadays , many people credit Dom Perignon with inventing champagne by forcing bubbles into sweet wine . That 's a myth , though . In Dom Perignon 's day , bubbles were considered a serious wine flaw , and the good monk actually went to considerable lengths to eliminate them during his 47 years as cellar-master . And while he never succeeded on that front , he did succeed in making bubbly wine a whole lot better . For starters , he was the first winemaker in Champagne to use corks , which kept the carbon dioxide from escaping , thus creating the bubbles . He also used a process of gently pressing his grapes , so that it eliminated the dark color that came from the skins -- producing a clearer , less murky wine . He even blended his grapes to make a light white wine , which suited the effervescence far better than the heavy red . Legend has it that upon first tasting his vastly improved beverage , the Dom exclaimed , "  Come quickly , I am tasting the stars ! " Loyal Royals Dom Perignon brought such nobility and renown to Champagne 's sparkling wines that they soon became the preferred libation of royalty -- namely , France 's Sun King , Louis XIV . For much of his life , Louis XIV drank champagne almost exclusively -- a habit that made one province very wealthy and another very jealous . Burgundy , to the south , felt the Sun King was giving their fine red wines the shaft . They soon engaged Champagne in a war of words carried out via inflammatory pamphlets and public seminars deriding their wine . The feud was no small affair . In fact , it lasted for more than 130 years , and many times , the two regions seemed to teeter on the brink of a civil war . Of course , the Champenois learned to embrace the long-detested bubbles along the way , and it did n't hurt that doctors began claiming the bubbles cured malaria  a proclamation that caught the attention of everyone with a moat  . Louis the Great was hardly the last emperor to take a liking to the region , however . At age 9 , Napoleon Bonaparte was sent to study at the Brienne military academy in Champagne , where he developed an early interest in the local brew . In fact , before each of his military campaigns , the self-appointed emperor made a point of passing through Champagne to obtain a supply of bubbly from his good friend Jean-Rmy Mot . After all , Napoleon once claimed of champagne , "  In victory you deserve it , in defeat you need it . " One can only assume that post-Waterloo was a time of need . Sadly , in the ensuing years , Champagne 's ties to royalty did more harm than good . In 1870 , Bonaparte 's nephew , Napoleon III , declared war on Prussia , and by the time Prussian troops overran Alsace and Lorraine , the only thing standing between them and Paris was a patch of land called Champagne . The Franco-Prussian War was one of the bloodiest of the 19th century , and many of the deaths , according to one observer , occurred in fields "  strewn with fragments of glass from champagne bottles . " Within a short time , Prussia had won the war , and France was left nearly bankrupt . It was about that time that Louise Pommery decided to introduce a radical new idea to the world : dry champagne . Brut , as it became known , was more expensive and more difficult to make because it required more fully ripened grapes . But the extra effort paid dividends . The world loved brut , and within three years , France 's economy was back on track . Along with the cabaret , the cinema , and the cancan , champagne played a large role in the Belle poque -- the nation 's greatest era of peace and prosperity . It 's no wonder , then , that the sparkling beverage quickly became a fixed part of France 's national character . Trick or Treaty ? In order to cement the Champenois ' hard-earned contributions to world culture , France forced some specific language into the 1891 Treaty of Madrid . It stated that sparkling wine could only be named champagne if it was produced in Champagne and made with grapes originating there . As happy as this made the Champenois , it also created a confusing problem . Champagne itself did n't have defined borders ; thus , when the French government formally declared in 1908 that only those vineyards in the Marne and Aisne districts had the right to call themselves "  Champagne , " well , it caused quite a ruckus in the neighboring Aube region .  This would be roughly the same thing as Major League Baseball suddenly declaring the Toronto Blue Jays a minor league franchise because it is n't really located in the United States even though they 've won the World Series . What happened next was predictable : protests , riots and 6 million bottles of good champagne destroyed . Of course , the incident was nothing compared to the devastation , confusion , and sheer terror Champagne experienced during World War I . The German toll on the area was horrific . In fact , the destruction of buildings like the Rheims Cathedral  a building that had seen the coronation of many a French monarch , celebrated with many bottles of -- what else ? -- champagne  was so dramatic that among the many stipulations of the post-war Treaty of Versailles was a further , more forceful clarification of the 1891 proclamation that only the Champenois could legally produce a sparkling wine called champagne . That seemingly minor concession in the Treaty of Versailles has become the linchpin of the business in France . The fact that no other nation  nor any other region of France , for that matter  can legally produce champagne gives long-established houses like Mot & Chandon , Veuve Clicquot , Taittinger , and Krug a huge advantage when it comes to sales . Sure , other places produce sparkling wine , but in Italy it 's called spumante , in Spain it 's called cava , and in Alsace , crmant . Interestingly , American sparkling wine producers have been able to get away with printing the word "  champagne " on their labels , but only because they 've sneakily skirted the system . Even though President Woodrow Wilson signed the Treaty of Versailles , the U.S. Senate never ratified it ; therefore , American winemakers are technically not subject to the strict standards of the treaty .  Which is why Korbel sells a bottle of "  California Champagne " for less than $ 15 . Champenois of the World Today , the champagne business in Champagne is as strong as ever . In fact , things are going so well that some insiders worry that the only place for the region 's industry to go is down . They warn that small producers are introducing new brands too quickly , and that they might be at risk of overcrowding the market . Of course , the biggest problem seems to be growth . Because Champagne has a finite geographical size , it can only hold so many vineyards , and right now , the region is at its capacity . Not to worry . Even though the Champenois make a wine for the best of times , they 've had more than their share of the worst of times . And somehow , that special homemade bubbly always seems to carry them through . For more mental_floss articles , visit mental_floss .  Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	France 's Champagne district known for its wool in 17th century Dom Perignon was first Champagne winemaker to use corks France 's Louis XIV drank champagne almost exclusively Treaty of Versailles : Only Champagne can call sparkling wine champagne
CNN  -- They 're your neighbors , your friends , your colleagues , your parents . They are CNN Heroes , each of whom shows how one person can truly make a difference . Again this year , CNN encourages you to tell us about these everyday people changing the world -- by nominating them at CNNHeroes.com . Taking a few minutes to share their story with us could propel them to worldwide recognition . Maybe someone 's selflessness has directly impacted your life . Destiny Bush nominated her mentor and "  second mother , " Tawanda Jones , whose drill team provides discipline and inspiration to thousands of children in the violent city of Camden , New Jersey . "  It was important for the world to see this wonderful individual who commits herself effortlessly -- her heart , her body , her soul -- to our youth , " said Bush , now a graduate student . Or maybe you know an individual in your community whose personal story and dedication inspires you . Denada Jackson 's mom used to style Robin Emmons ' hair . When Jackson bumped into Emmons years later , she learned about Emmons ' efforts to help low-income neighborhoods access healthy , fresh food . "  It just seemed right that I would nominate her , because I 've never seen anyone that happy about helping other people , " Jackson said . "  She 's making it happen for others in her community . Just to watch her be honored for that , to get a thank you , that was awesome . " But you do n't have to personally know the individual you nominate . Just be familiar with their work . Johanna Robinette , for example , lives in the same small town as Dale Beatty , who helps build and modify homes for injured veterans . Robinette had heard about Beatty 's organization , and she saw nominating him as a way to help draw attention to his efforts . "  To be able to take that time to do that , I was thankful that I did and thankful that  he was  honored in that way , " Robinette said . "  It felt great to be a part of that . " It 's easy to nominate an everyday person changing the world , but a thoughtful , well-written nomination is essential to help yours stand out from the thousands we receive . Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting your nomination for consideration .  Think about what makes your hero special . Ask yourself : What makes my nominee unique ? What specific accomplishment has he or she achieved that is truly remarkable ? What impact has his or her work had on others ? We encourage you to watch videos of previous CNN Heroes to familiarize yourself with the achievements of the inspiring individuals we honor as "  everyday people changing the world . "  Take a look at our nomination form . We suggest you review the information requested about yourself , your nominee and his or her work before filling out your submission .  Tell us about your hero . Take your time and write from the heart . Remember : What you share -- in your own words -- is the most important factor in advancing a nomination for further consideration . You can enter your answers to the essay questions directly on the form , or write them first in a word-processing document and "  cut and paste " them into each answer field . Please note the information you provide will be used in accordance with our privacy policy .  Click "  Submit . " If your nomination has been successfully transmitted , you 'll see a "  thank you " message on your screen . If you provided us with your e-mail address , we 'll also send a confirmation your nomination has been received . And yes , we read each and every one . That 's it . Nominations for 2014 CNN Heroes remain open through August 31 , 2014 . Frequently Asked Questions Q : Who is eligible to be considered as a CNN Hero A : Nominations must be in the name of a single individual , at least 13 years of age , whose accomplishment occurred  or continued  after November 1 , 2013 . Groups and organizations are ineligible for consideration . Self-nominations will not be accepted . Citizens of voided countries are also ineligible . For complete details on eligibility requirements and other rules governing selection of CNN Heroes , please read our legal disclosures . Q : How will I know if my hero is selected ? A : Because of the high volume of nominations received , we can not respond individually to each submission . However , if your nomination advances , we will contact you and your nominee through the contact information you provide . Q : What if I do n't know my nominee 's address , e-mail and telephone number ? A : Please make every effort to provide as much contact information as possible . We require either an e-mail address or telephone number so we may quickly contact your nominee to obtain permission for consideration as a CNN Hero . Q : May I submit additional supportive information about my nominee ? A : There 's space at the end of the form to provide links to articles or websites with more information about your hero . Please do not send additional material unless requested . Q : May I mail or fax my nomination ? A : No . All nominations must be submitted online through our website . Q : What if my nomination form is rejected ? A : When filling out your form , please note that certain information is required . Those fields are marked with an asterisk  *  . If you are not certain of your hero 's nationality , select "  Other " from the country drop-down menu . Likewise , if you 're unsure which category his or her cause belongs in , just click "  Other . " CNN is not responsible for technical problems that may prevent your submission from being successfully transmitted . You may wish to first write and save the answers to essay questions in a word-processing document . That way , if you need to resubmit your nomination , you can "  cut and paste " those answers into the form without rewriting them . Q : Can I buy tickets to "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " ? A : Unfortunately , seating is limited and by invitation only . Air dates and times for the global broadcast of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will be announced in October . Have other questions or comments about CNN Heroes ? Contact us .	Most CNN Heroes are selected after being nominated by someone like you Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting a nomination 2014 nominations are being accepted online through August 31 , 2014
CNN  -- Two of the richest organizations in sport announced Tuesday that they have partnered to buy a Major League Soccer franchise in New York . English Premier League side Manchester City will be the majority owner with MLB giants New York Yankees also claiming a stake in the team -- which will be named New York City FC  NYCFC  . The MLS currently has 19 clubs -- including the New York Bulls -- with NYCFC looking to join the league for the 2015 season . "  This is a transformational development that will elevate the league to new heights in this country , " said MLS Commissioner Don Garber . "  The New York area is home to more than 19 million people -- and we look forward to an intense crosstown rivalry between New York City Football Club and the New York Red Bulls that will captivate this great city , " he added . Abu-Dhabi owned Manchester City will take the lead on recruiting the management team , staff and players for the new franchise , which will be on the hunt for a permanent home in the Big Apple -- with the Flushing Meadows area of Queens identified as a possible location . "  New York is a legendary sports town , as well as a thriving global city with a rapidly expanding soccer fan-base , " Ferran Soriano , the Chief Executive Officer of Manchester City said . City , who saw their own cross city rivals Manchester United wrest the EPL title from them this season , have already expanded their activities in the United States by setting up community programs in New York , Chicago , Los Angeles and Washington D.C. . They have an existing marketing deal with 27-time World Series champion Yankees and the Manchester City squad will be in New York to play a friendly against fellow EPL giants Chelsea at the Yankee Stadium Saturday . "  We are pleased to be associated with this major move by MLS to increase its presence in the New York market , " said Hal Steinbrenner , managing general partner of the Yankees . Steinbrenner said they wanted to work with City to "  create something very special for the soccer fans of New York . " The Red Bulls , who are owned by the soft drinks company bearing that name , have recruited the likes of former Arsenal , Barcelona and French international star Thierry Henry and have a growing fan base . Watch video : Henry enjoys life at the Bulls They have a purpose built stadium in New Jersey , while the New York Cosmos have also reformed and will join the second-tier of the MLS later this year . In the 1970s the Cosmos boasted a legendary line-up which included Brazil 's Pele and former German international captain Franz Beckenbauer . They even played for two seasons at the Yankee Stadium but they folded in 1984 -- the same year the then North American Soccer League  NASL  collapsed . Since the formation of the MLS in 1996 , football has enjoyed steady growth in the United States -- boosted by the arrival of David Beckham to Los Angeles Galaxy in 2007 . Beckham , who helped Galaxy to the MLS championship for the past two seasons , retired after a brief spell with Paris Saint-Germain and is reported to want to set up his own franchise in the league .	New York City FC to become 20th club in Major League Soccer EPL Manchester City and MLB giants New York Yankees to partner in franchise Abu-Dhabi owned Man City will be majority owner Club hope to enter the MLS in 2015
CNN  -- Authorities in Texas shot and killed an escaped prisoner early Saturday , several days after they say he stabbed a detective tasked with taking him across the country . Alberto Morales , 42 , was killed shortly after he was located in a wooded area in Grapevine , near Dallas , said Grapevine Police Department spokesman Sgt. Robert Eberling . With the help of a helicopter , authorities found Morales not far from a home where someone stole jewelery and men 's clothing . "  At this point , as far as the investigation is concerned , Mr. Morales was shot and is now deceased . This matter is still under investigation ... and we 'll have more details at a later point , " Eberling told reporters . He declined to say whether the escapee was armed and did not elaborate on the circumstances surrounding Morales ' death . Eberling stressed the case remains under investigation . Morales ' death ended a manhunt that began on Monday . It was then that police say he stabbed a Florida detective multiple times and disappeared . That detective , and another , had been transporting Morales from Florida to Nevada . The trip began on a Miami-Houston-Las Vegas flight . Prior to landing in Houston , Morales began "  acting erratically , " according to a statement from the Miami-Dade Police Department . As a result , he and the detectives were not allowed to board their connecting flight , it said . The detectives rented a vehicle and continued on their way , making a pit stop in Grapevine to use the restroom . While one of the detectives was inside , Morales stabbed Det. Jaime Pardinas , a 28-year veteran , multiple times , and fled the scene , authorities said . Pardinas was treated at Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas and was listed in serious condition , the statement said . Morales was arrested in Nevada in 2008 . He was brought to Miami , where he was jailed pending a 2003 case alleging burglary , kidnapping and sexual battery . In December , he pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 10 years in prison , which was to run consecutive to a Nevada sentence . Details of Morales ' Nevada case were not immediately known . When asked by a reporter how authorities felt at the conclusion of the manhunt , Eberling said he was relieved for local residents . "  We knew we had a dangerous individual out there in the streets . And he was capable of being extremely violent . So that is what we 're relieved of . The fact that Mr. Morales is now deceased is not something that we celebrate , but our jobs is to apprehend the fugitive , " he said . "  It is a relief to this community and I think a lot of folks in this area can now have a moment of rest . "	Alberto Morales , 42 , was shot early Saturday He escaped from custody Monday , after allegedly stabbing a detective Authorities tracked Morales to a wooded area near where a home was burglarized
CNN  -- Switzerland defender Philippe Senderos is in talks to leave Arsenal and join English Premier League rivals Everton , according to the Liverpool-based side . Philippe Senderos is seeking to leave Arsenal to keep his World Cup hopes alive . The 24-year-old has been out of favor with the London club for the past year or so , and spent last season on loan with Italy 's AC Milan . The center-back made only 15 appearances in his injury-hit stint with the Rossoneri , and returned to Arsenal where he has a year left on his contract . Everton chairman Bill Kenwright confirmed that talks were underway , but said that no deal had been done despite an earlier claim by the Swiss Football Federation . "  We have been negotiating with Arsenal for the transfer of Philippe . Nothing has been concluded yet but talks are on going , " Kenwright told Everton 's official Web site on Tuesday . Everton face the possible departure of England defender Joleon Lescott , the subject of two bids from big-spending EPL rivals Manchester City . Transfer gossip : City to bid again for Lescott . Manager David Moyes has rejected both offers and is determined to keep the player , who has been ruled out of recent pre-season friendly action due to a hip injury picked up on the tour of the United States . Moyes needs cover for injured center-back Phil Jagielka , who is not expected to return to action until November . The Swiss Football Federation had said on its official Web site on Monday that Senderos had agreed to join Everton because he needed regular first-team action ahead of next year 's World Cup finals in South Africa . Switzerland are level on points with Greece at the top of Group Two after six of 10 games , with the winner qualifying directly and the runner-up hoping to go into one of the four play-offs . Senderos joined Arsenal in the summer of 2003 from Swiss club Servette , and established himself in the first team alongside Kolo Toure when regular Sol Campbell was injured . However , he missed the 2006 Champions League final defeat by Barcelona due to his own injury , with England defender Campbell returning in his place to score the opening goal of the 2-1 reverse . Senderos missed the start of the 2006-07 season after suffering a shoulder problem at the World Cup finals , and subsequently struggled to break back into the Arsenal team . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has a wealth of central defensive resources despite selling Toure to City last month , having brought in Belgium international Thomas Vermaelen from Ajax in June . William Gallas , Johan Djourou , Mikael Silvestre and Alex Song are also competing for first-team places .	Philippe Senderos in talks to leave Arsenal and join English rivals Everton Switzerland defender wants regular first-team action ahead of 2010 World Cup Senderos spent an injury-hit loan spell with Italy 's AC Milan last season The 24-year-old joined Arsenal in 2003 from Swiss club Servette
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The spokesman for Nigerian militant group Boko Haram has been captured after a months-long surveillance operation , a spokesman for Nigerian police said Wednesday . Security services tracked Abu Qa Qa through his phone even though he changed his location and phone number regularly , police told CNN . They said they 're now trying to confirm his true identity , though they believe that he is a Nigerian citizen . Boko Haram has carried out multiple bombings and shootings across northern Nigeria in recent days . Depending on the faction of the group , Boko Haram 's ambitions range from the stricter enforcement of Islamic Sharia law to the destruction of the government . Abu Qa Qa has been instrumental in linking journalists with the militant group and getting its messages out to a wider audience on social media after Boko Haram 's long-term shunning of what it deemed to be Western technology . His arrest has provided a much-needed boost to security services , who were criticized for failing to foil the January 20 bombings in Kano , which killed 211 people . The bombings struck eight government sites in the country 's second-largest city , leaving the police headquarters and other government buildings in charred ruins . The attacks prompted President Goodluck Jonathan to fire the country 's inspector general of police . Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege " -- claimed responsibility for the blasts in a phone call to the Daily Trust , according to journalists at the newspaper . Further criticism of the police response after the Kano bombings came Wednesday from the human rights group Amnesty International . It accused the "  poorly trained and ill-equipped " police of carrying out extra-judicial killings and other violations in response to Boko Haram 's attacks . "  Boko Haram has perpetrated numerous human rights abuses and shows contempt for life , but the security forces have failed to prevent , investigate , prosecute or punish these acts and have often carried out new human rights violations with impunity , " Amnesty said in a statement . Suspected Boko Haram members who have been rounded up have not been tried , and innocent women and children have been detained to gain information about male relatives suspected of offenses , the group said . "  Investigations into crimes , if they occur , are often inadequate and not intelligence-led , " Amnesty said . CNN asked the Nigerian government repeatedly for comment on accusations of extra-judicial killings but has received no official response . The accusations have also come from civilians caught up in the police activity . "  We are in a state of fear and turbulence , " the mother of a missing man and his pregnant wife told CNN in an audio-only interview . She asked not to be identified because she was scared to criticize the government on camera . Neighbors said the couple was at home when security forces opened fire , demanding he let them in . The mother said her son 's Quran was scattered and destroyed and she found blood pooled by the bedroom door . Despite repeated requests to authorities , she said , no one has told her where her son and his wife are or whether they are still alive . "  My son is not a member of Boko Haram , " the mother said . "  Had there been justice , they would have arrested him and paraded him before a court of law . This is a jungle justice . " Boko Haram was formed in 2002 by Islamic preacher Mohammad Yusuf as an outgrowth of ethnic tensions in the country in the 1990s . Nigeria 's population is split between mostly Muslims living in the north and predominantly Christians in the south . Yusuf advocated the institution of Sharia law throughout the northern states and opposed democracy . The group operated openly from northeastern Nigeria and staged small-scale attacks against government targets . In 2009 , Nigerian police forces moved to crack down on Boko Haram . Harsh police tactics led to an armed uprising and the arrest of Yusuf , who later died in police custody . His death spurred the group to begin its attacks on police stations . Ensuing clashes between group members and the police killed hundreds .	NEW : Amnesty International accuses police of extra-judicial killings He was captured after a months-long surveillance operation Police are now trying to confirm his true identity Boko Haram has carried out multiple attacks in Nigeria recently
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- An undersea cable plugging east Africa into high speed Internet access went live Thursday , providing an alternative to expensive satellite connections . The cable links southern Africa to Europe and Asia . SEACOM , the cable provider company , opened its 17,000 kilometer submarine cable , capable of 1.28 terabytes per second , allowing the region true connectivity . Most Africans rely on expensive and slow satellite connections , which make the use of applications such as YouTube and Facebook extremely trying . "  This is going to reduce the cost of doing business in Africa , within Africa and with international parties " said Suveer Ramdhani , SEACOM spokesman in South Africa . "  The cable is as thin as a hair strand , and in one second it can download the same amount of data that 160 people use in a month . " SEACOM , privately funded and 75 percent African owned , will provide retail carriers with open source access to inexpensive bandwidth . It has taken less than three years to complete the mammoth project , providing landing stations at South Africa , Kenya , Madagascar and other points along the east coast of Africa . But telecoms analyst James Hodge said that some of the more ambitious hopes for the system -- such as impacting the continent 's socioeconomic problems -- will be long-term , and that initially it will be those already connected who will see the benefits . The launch was delayed by a month because of increased activity by pirates along parts of the African coast . Security teams were beefed up to protect the slow moving cable layers . Neotel , a South African communications network operator , is the largest SEACOM customer in South Africa and is the country 's landing partner , providing both the coastal landing station and Johannesburg data center for the submarine cable . Neotel managing director Ajay Pandey is excited about the opportunities for growth presented by the SEACOM cable . "  With this cable coming in , the pipe size opens up , so more and more people are able to get faster and better connectivity , hopefully at a lower price . It ca n't be more expensive than what it is today . " SEACOM Chief Executive Officer Brian Herlihy added : "  Turning the switch ` on ' creates a huge anticipation , but ultimately , SEACOM will be judged on the changes that take place on the continent over the coming years . " South Africa has been hobbled by high costs and extremely slow bandwidth , effectively keeping the country on an information back road rather then the superhighway . There is much anticipation and hope that the cable will ensure Africa keeps up with the developed world in Internet connectivity , providing greater speed , flexibility and , potentially , a complete socioeconomic transformation . Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete said in his opening address : "  It 's the ultimate embodiment of modernity . " His speech was beamed via SEACOM from a launch in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , to the simultaneous launch in Johannesburg , South Africa .	Undersea SEACOM cable links southern and east Africa to Europe , Asia System provides cheaper alternative to satellite connections 17,000 km cable capable of 1.28 terabytes per second SEACOM spokesman : This is going to reduce the cost of doing business
CNN  -- In Focus : Sovereign Wealth Funds Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi , Minister of Foreign Trade , U.A.E. , talks to CNN about future relations with Washington What a difference a credit crunch makes . Sovereign Wealth Funds control up to $ 3 trillion in assets , which could provide essential liquidity during the global slowdown . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown toured the Gulf this week in an attempt to secure more funds from the region . MME takes a look at what the Sovereign Wealth Funds can bring to the table and interviews the top U.S. official overseeing relations with the SWFs , Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert Kimmitt . Facetime : Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi , Minister of Foreign Trade , U.A.E. . A new era and a new President for the United States . A historic week with the election of the 44th President of the United States . But what can the region look for in a new U.S. administration ? We talk to United Arab Emirates ' Minister of Foreign Trade , Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi about future relations between the Middle East and Washington . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1945 Saturday : 0645 Sunday : 0815	UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown toured Gulf looking for more funds from the region Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert Kimmitt on Sovereign Wealth Funds What can the Middle East look for in the United States ' new president ? MME talks U.A.E. 's Minister of Foreign Trade about relations with the U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday approved the nomination of federal Judge Sonia Sotomayor to become the nation 's first Hispanic Supreme Court justice , setting up a final confirmation vote by the Senate . With Republican senators ' support , Sonia Sotomayor 's confirmation by the full Senate is a virtual certainty . The 13-6 committee vote was mostly on partisan lines , with one Republican joining the panel 's Democrats in sending the nomination to the full Senate . At least five Republican senators have announced their intention to support Sotomayor , making confirmation by the Democratic-controlled Senate a virtual certainty . Sotomayor , 55 , is President Obama 's first nominee to the nation 's highest court . She would be 111th person to sit on the Supreme Court , and the third female justice . The Judiciary Committee held a four-day confirmation hearing earlier this month that foreshadowed Tuesday 's vote , with Democrats praising Sotomayor 's 17-year record as a federal judge and her made-in-America story as a minority woman who rose to success through hard work and opportunity . Republicans questioned her judicial neutrality , complaining about speeches in which she made controversial statements , including her hope that a "  wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences " would reach a better conclusion than a white man "  who has n't lived that life . " Conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , the lone Republican to back Sotomayor , said Tuesday that he still has concerns about her impartiality . Some of her speeches "  bugged the hell out of me , " Graham said , but he added that some of his own speeches probably "  bugged the hell out of people on the other side " of the political divide . Graham praised Sotomayor 's competence and qualifications , and he joked that she was unlikely to be worse than the justice she was chosen to replace , David Souter , a liberal . "  She can be no worse than Souter from our point of view , " he said to fellow Republican Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , who opposed Sotomayor . See how Sotomayor compares with Supreme Court justices " Graham also noted that Sotomayor is a unique historical figure . "  This is the first Latina woman in the history of the U.S. to be nominated to the Supreme Court . That is a big deal , " he said , although he said it was neither a reason to vote for or against her . It was the first time that any of the Republican opponents had voted against a Supreme Court nominee put forward by either a Democratic or Republican president . Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah said Tuesday that he "  genuinely wrestled with this decision , " but that in studying Sotomayor 's speeches , articles and cases , he found a "  troubling approach to judging " that the judge 's testimony before the committee did not resolve . He said he believes she gave short shrift to constitutional rights and used inappropriate legal standards in deciding cases . Democrats on the panel praised the judge , with Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California saying : "  I see her as a most impressive person on a number of different levels . " Referring to Sotomayor 's judicial record , Feinstein said she found "  no example of infidelity to the law . " Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , a former Republican and the longest-serving member of the panel , said Sotomayor was the best nominee of the 11 he has reviewed over the years . Specter also praised the "  wise Latina " comment , saying : "  If a woman did n't stand up for women , I would n't think much of her . " Obama 's Democratic Party holds a 58-40 edge in the full Senate , with two independents considered part of the Democratic caucus . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	13-6 vote sets up final confirmation vote by full Senate Panel voted mostly on partisan lines ; 1 Republican joined Democrats At least 5 GOP senators back Sotomayor , making Senate confirmation almost sure
CNN  -- China evacuated more than 600,000 residents along coastal areas and sent ships back to port as it braced for Tropical Storm Muifa , which pounded some areas with gusty winds and rains over the weekend , state media reported Sunday . Muifa , once a typhoon , weakened Saturday and was eventually downgraded to a tropical storm . It spared the financial hub of Shanghai as it brushed past it . Rain and strong winds hit the city , however . Landfall was expected Monday evening local time in Liaoning province . But even as the storm weakened , authorities cancelled flights and ordered thousands of fishing boats to remain anchored in the eastern coastal province of Shandong , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Police rescued dozens of tourists stranded on an island off the port of Qingdao as water levels rose , submerging a bridge to the mainland , according to Xinhua . The heaviest rain was over water Sunday . The storm was scheduled make landfall in Liaoning province Monday evening . Eastern coastal areas can expect high winds over the next few days , Xinhua said . Meanwhile , scorching heat is expected to linger in southern regions over the next few days , Xinhua reported . Areas affected include Jiangxi , Fujian and Guangdong provinces . CNN 's Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : State media : Authorities cancel flights and order boats to stay at port China evacuates more than 600,000 residents along coastal areas Muifa spares the financial hub of Shanghai Once a typhoon , Muifa has been downgraded to a tropical storm
In her 30-year career as a nurse , Sara Barron had seen only two babies with anencephaly , a tragic birth defect in which infants are born missing parts of their brain and skull . Then in 2012 , while working at a hospital in rural Washington state , she saw two cases in two months . To see that many in such a small hospital seemed bizarre to her . Barron mentioned the unusual spike to an obstetrician friend working at another hospital 30 miles away . That doctor had just seen a case of anencephaly , too . That 's it , Barron thought to herself . She called the state Department of Health and made a report . Barron 's phone call spurred epidemiologists into action . They went through hospital and doctors ' records in a three-county area and found 23 cases of anencephaly from January 2010 to January 2013 . Such a finding meant a rate of 8.4 cases per 10,000 live births -- four times higher than the national average of 2.1 cases per 10,000 live births . But the next part of the investigation has come under fire with accusations that state epidemiologists have n't looked hard enough for the cause of a birth defect that 's always fatal . ` What are you researching ? ' For months , Andrea Jackman has been expecting a call from the Department of Health . While pregnant , Jackman lived in the Yakima Valley , an agricultural area in south-central Washington . Her daughter , Olivia , was born in September with spina bifida , which , like anencephaly , is a neural tube defect the state is also tracking . Unlike anencephaly , however , spina bifida is usually not fatal . She says she 's incredulous and outraged that state researchers have n't called to ask questions : What did she eat while she was pregnant ? Did she spend time near farms that sprayed pesticides ? Did she take any herbs or supplements ? How about Olivia 's father ? Was he exposed to any toxic chemicals ? But no one has called . Mandy Stahre , the state epidemiologist who 's investigating the cluster of birth defects , says it might be upsetting for mothers to get a call with such questions . Most of the women were pregnant with babies who had anencephaly , and the outcome is always horrible . If a woman did n't miscarry , she had to make a decision whether to terminate her pregnancy or go ahead and have a baby sure to die soon after birth . Stahre and her colleagues asked themselves : Would a phone call traumatize these women ? "  We have to weigh that heavily . This is a devastating diagnosis , and we know that for a lot of these women they had to make some hard choices , " Stahre says . "  We have to weigh how invasive we want to be with these types of interviews . " Jackman says that attitude is paternalistic and condescending . She says she would do anything to help prevent another family from having a baby with a severe birth defect . State epidemiologists should have made those phone calls a long time ago , she says , since every day that passes , her memory , and those of other mothers , start to fade about what their habits were during pregnancy . "  What are you researching if you have n't physically called the families to find out ? " she asks . ` Very bad research ' Stahre has an answer to Jackman 's question : The state examined the mothers ' medical records , which revealed , among other things , the women 's home addresses . By the address , epidemiologists can learn a mother 's water source , whether she lives near an agricultural area and whether she took folic acid early in pregnancy , which helps prevent neural tube defects . "  Medical records  give us a lot of information about all of the known risk factors , " the epidemiologist says . The state 's rigorous search of the women 's medical records , along with birth and death certificates , found nothing linking the families who had babies with birth defects . That finding does n't surprise Dr. Beate Ritz , who 's done several studies on birth defects . Ritz , vice chair of the epidemiology department at the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health , says medical records are notoriously unreliable : One doctor , for example , might note whether a woman smokes , but another doctor might not . "  From a research point of view , this is very bad research , " she says . She says medical records reveal whether a woman has been prescribed any drugs , or diagnosed with a certain condition , but they do n't contain detailed information about a mother 's diet or possible toxins she might have been exposed to in the environment . "  The data quality on medical records is so low that it 's not really research , " she says . Even the state Department of Health admits that medical records are limited , writing in a press release : "  Medical record reviews might not have captured all information , preventing a cause from being identified . " But doing the research the right way , Ritz says , costs hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of dollars , and state health departments often do n't have those funds . ' I wish they would take it more seriously ' In a few months , Washington state 's Department of Health plans to report how many babies were born with neural tube defects in 2013 to see if the cluster has continued , Stahre says , adding that it may interview the mothers at some point in the future . "  We 're still investigating this , " she says . "  This is nowhere near finished . " In the meantime , she says pregnant women in the area should not be nervous . But Barron , the nurse who found the original cases of birth defects , is n't so sure . "  I think it 's very scary . I think there 's absolutely something going on that needs to be investigated more thoroughly , " she says . "  I wish they would take it more seriously . "	Birth defects in three counties are four times more than national average One of those children in Washington state is Olivia Jackman , born with spina bifida State investigators say they 're still investigating the cluster of birth defects Some question whether they 've done enough to find a cause
CNN  -- Days after the world of athletics was hit by serious doping allegations , the sport has been accused of covering up how it dealt with scores of suspicious blood samples . In the two years between 2006 and 2008 , the body in charge of global athletics failed to examine as many as 150 samples from several countries , according to a report broadcast by a German network Monday . This was a period before widespread changes were introduced to anti-doping procedures . The allegations reported by German TV station WDR came less than a week after German broadcaster ZDF/ARD aired an hour-long programme documenting Russia 's alleged endemic use of banned substances . As with last week 's documentary , WDR released an English transcript after airing the report . The International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  is now investigating those claims , but the governing body now finds itself under the microscope . During Monday 's edition of the "  Sport Inside , " a former member of the IAAF 's medical commission -- who is not identified -- said the samples in question were from athletes representing Spain , Kenya , Greece , Germany , Morocco , Russia and at least one from Britain . "  Just take a look the haemoglobin values -- how they have risen in only four months by 38 % and in the next four months they have fallen again by 16 % " , the official explains , according to the English translation of the documentary provided by the broadcaster to CNN . "  It 's obvious that there 's something wrong there . That simply can not be . It is absolutely clear to see and physiologically simply can not be explained . This can only be doping . " President of Spain 's athletics federation Jose Maria Odriozola said his organization received no notification of any suspicious samples from the IAAF . "  When we receive information of that type , we immediately carry out surprise doping tests on the suspicious athletes , " Odriozola said in an email sent to CNN . He also outlined that Spanish track athletes are required to supply their "  blood passport " -- a method used to monitor any potential doping violations -- a week before competition . Both British Athletics and UK Anti-Doping have declined to comment , while both the Russian Athletics Federation and Russian Anti-Doping Agency have so far failed to reply to CNN 's request for comment . The IAAF insisted Tuesday that the English transcript of the documentary would be passed on directly to its independent ethics commission . It also said that "  a member of the IAAF Medical and Anti-Doping Commission would not know whether follow-up tests would have been conducted or not . " The athlete biological passport program was launched in 2009 , ensuring athlete 's blood samples were stored electronically and monitored over time , according to the IAAF . Samples collected prior to 2009 , according to the IAAF , "  do not have the same level of reliability and strength as the post-2009 values which were collected under strict and stringent conditions . " The governing body also stated that any samples taken before 2009 were only used as "  secondary evidence , " or to arrange "  trigger " follow-up urine tests . The IAAF also insists that "  abnormal results were duly followed-up by the IAAF , whenever possible logistically . " WADA , the world 's anti-doping agency , said it would investigate the allegations in a statement released on Tuesday . Last week 's "  Das Erste " documentary had already alleged systematic doping in Russian athletics . It claimed Russian officials covered up positive results in exchange for financial reward . The Russian Anti-Doping Agency  RUSADA ,  announced it would investigate the allegations , while the president of the country 's athletics federation told Reuters the claims were "  a pack of lies . "	Athletics hit by new allegations German documentary makes claims over suspicious blood samples Accusations made by former member of IAAF 's medical commission Anonymous whistle-blower says 150 blood samples were suspicious
Paris , France  CNN  -- France 's lower house of parliament Tuesday overwhelmingly passed a ban on any veils that cover the face -- including the burqa , the full-body covering worn by some Muslim women . The vote was 335 to 1 . The measure must still go to the French Senate before it becomes law . The Senate is expected to vote on it in the week of September 20 . Amnesty International immediately condemned the vote . "  A complete ban on the covering of the face would violate the rights to freedom of expression and religion of those women who wear the burqa or the niqab in public as an expression of their identity or beliefs , " said John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's expert on discrimination in Europe . French people back the ban by a margin of more than four to one , the Pew Global Attitudes Project found in a survey this spring . Some 82 percent of people polled approved of a ban , while 17 percent disapproved . That was the widest support the Washington-based think tank found in any of the five countries it surveyed . Clear majorities also backed burqa bans in Germany , Britain and Spain , while two out of three Americans opposed it , the survey found . The French Council of Ministers approved the measure in May , saying veils that cover the face "  can not be tolerated in any public place . " Their approval sent the bill to parliament . The parliamentary vote is the latest step in France 's efforts to ban the burqa , niqab and other Muslim garments that cover a woman 's face . A panel of French lawmakers recommended a ban last year , and lawmakers unanimously passed a non-binding resolution in May calling the full-face veil contrary to the laws of the nation . "  Given the damage it produces on those rules which allow the life in community , ensure the dignity of the person and equality between sexes , this practice , even if it is voluntary , can not be tolerated in any public place , " the French government said when it sent the measure to parliament in May . The bill envisions a fine of 150 euros  $ 190  and/or a citizenship course as punishment for wearing a face-covering veil . Forcing a woman to wear a niqab or a burqa would be punishable by a year in prison or a 15,000-euro  $ 19,000  fine , the government said , calling it "  a new form of enslavement that the republic can not accept on its soil . " The measure would take effect six months after passage , giving authorities time to try to persuade women who veil themselves voluntarily to stop . The French Council of State has warned that the ban could be incompatible with international human rights laws and the country 's own constitution . The council advises on laws , but the government is not required to follow its recommendations . If the French bill is approved by the upper house and signed into law , it will be the first national ban in Europe on the burqa , a full-body covering that includes a mesh over the face , and the niqab , a full-face veil that leaves an opening only for the eyes . The hijab , which tightly covers the hair and neck but not the face , and the chador , which covers the body but not the face , apparently would not be banned by either law . However , a 2004 law in France bans the wearing or displaying of overt religious symbols in schools -- including the wearing of headscarves by schoolgirls . The Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life estimates that France has about 3.5 million Muslims , or about 6 percent of the population . France does not keep its own statistics on religious affiliation of the population , in keeping with its laws requiring the state to be strictly secular . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : Amnesty International condemns the vote , saying the ban violates religious freedom Ban passes the lower house of the French parliament by a huge majority French people overwhelmingly favor a ban , the Pew Global Attitudes Project found this spring The bill still needs Senate approval to become law
CNN  -- The first hint something was amiss was the knock on the door from a television reporter . Elaine McClain and her husband , David McClain , of Sanford , Florida , were not expecting a journalist to drop by looking for George Zimmerman , the man who says he fatally shot an unarmed teenager in self-defense . The death of Trayvon Martin has sparked strong reactions across the country , and those sentiments made their way to the unassuming McClains . The next day , a letter arrived with "  Taste the rainbow " written on the envelope in felt-tip pen . That is the slogan for Skittles candy . When he was shot , Martin was carrying Skittles candy and a can of iced tea he had purchased from a nearby convenience store . The letter was followed by a parade of reporters arriving at the McClains ' home . Only then , Elaine McClain said , did she and her husband learn that director Spike Lee had retweeted a message to his 250,000 followers with the couple 's address , identifying it as George Zimmerman 's home . The McClains have a son whose middle name is George and whose last name is Zimmerman , but he has no connection with the controversy . After the tweets , with hate mail arriving and strangers with microphones knocking on the door , the McClains left their house for a hotel . Lee apologized on Twitter to the couple and asked people to leave them in peace , and on Thursday , Elaine McClain said , Lee called her and gave a sincere apology . Lee also told her he would pay the couple 's cost of having to leave their home , Elaine McClain said . The family 's attorney , Matt Morgan , said Lee reached an agreement with the couple . "  The McClains are relieved that this matter is now behind them , " Morgan said . "  We had a very sincere and heartfelt conversation with Mr. Lee today . His apology was genuine and our clients were grateful . We asked Mr. Lee to do the right thing and he did . " The McClains said they were not seeking financial gain from their troubles . David McClain said he simply wants to get his life "  back to a rational state . " Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer who says he killed in self-defense last month , lives more than 4 miles from the McClains . He is reported to be in hiding . CNN 's Selin Darkalstanian , Michael Martinez and John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : Director Spike Lee apologizes to couple and will pay costs of their leaving home Lee retweeted an address identified as George Zimmerman 's It was the wrong address , and the family left their home to escape harassment The couple sought a personal apology and retraction from Lee
In what might be a first , a woman in California received a traffic ticket for wearing Google Glass while driving . Cecilia Abadie was pulled over for speeding on Tuesday in San Diego and given an additional citation for driving while wearing her Google Glass . The officer considered the head-mounted display a monitor that was visible to the driver . Shocked , Abadie posted a copy of the ticket on Google + . Traffic laws vary state by state , but many now have broad distracted-driving laws or bans on certain monitors that could easily apply to Google Glass . The California law cited in Abadie 's case is meant to prevent people from watching television while driving . V C 27602 prohibits televisions and similar monitors from being turned on and facing the driver . There are exceptions for GPS and mapping tools and screens that display camera feeds to help the driver navigate . If a device has a safety feature that limits its display to approved uses while driving , it can be allowed . "  I think the law is broad enough to say it violates the law , " said San Diego attorney Mitchell Mehdy , also known as "  Mr. Ticket . " Mehdy has been working in traffic law for 25 years and said this is the first case he 's heard of involving Google Glass . Abadie says her Google Glass was not turned on when she was pulled over , and that the officer said the screen was blocking her view . The Google Glass display is located slightly above the right eye , not directly in front of the eye . Google does warn users about running afoul of traffic laws in its Google Glass FAQ : "  Most states have passed laws limiting the use of mobile devices while driving any motor vehicle , and most states post those rules on their department of motor vehicles websites . Read up and follow the law ! " However , in another section on navigation , it says Glass can give turn-by-turn directions , "  whether you 're on a bike , in a car , taking the subway , or going by foot . " Glass fans defended the technology in comments on Abadie 's post , saying that a voice-activated screen close to the eye could actually be safer than trying to check a smartphone or other monitor while driving . "  Glass is far safer than any other means of information delivery . It is out of your view and not distracting , " said Aaron Kasten , who compared it to checking speed and other information on a car 's dashboard , which requires taking your eyes off of the road . The turn-by-turn directions on Glass can be turned on with a voice command . The display will show a map view , but for extra safety the screen can be turned off while driving so there 's only voice navigation . A Google Glass spokesperson did n't address the ticket directly but emphasized responsible Google Glass usage , saying , "  As we make clear in our help center , Explorers should always use Glass responsibly and put their safety and the safety of others first . More broadly , Glass is built to connect you more with the world around you , not distract you from it . " Abadie could take the case to court and try to get the Google Glass portion of the ticket dismissed . "  How can this officer prove that this display was being activated or was actually on at the time and what kind of signal she 's getting ? " said Mehdy . State laws are always adapting to new technology , and Google Glass is still a somewhat rare sighting . The device is only available as part of a beta program and is not yet sold commercially . According to Mehdy , new technology is a tempting target for law enforcement looking for new ways to bring in money . "  There 's a wealth of revenue to be generated from technology . The traffic law enforcement is coming and saying wow , we 've got this new incredible device and we want our piece too , " said Mehdy . With a mandatory minimum fine in California is $ 162 , this is just the beginning of more tickets for Google Glass wearers according to Mehdy . Law enforcement is increasingly enforcing distracted driving laws . During the month of April , there were more that 57,000 distracted driving tickets issued in California as part of Distracted Driving Awareness Month , according to the California Office of Traffic Safety .	A woman in San Diego was issued a ticket for driving while wearing Google Glass This is the first known ticket specifically for using the headset while driving Many states have laws prohibiting distracted driving or monitors that face the driver Exceptions are made for GPS and mapping devices
CNN  -- Hondurans will answer two questions Sunday when the troubled Central American nation holds elections : Who will win the presidency , and will voters heed calls for a boycott ? The answer to a third question will remain unanswered for a while : Will the international community recognize the newly elected leader even though the vote was held under the stewardship of interim President Roberto Micheletti , who came to power after a coup ? "  The government needs a strong turnout and limited irregularities in order to claim that the elections are legitimate , especially given that there will not be international observers from the -LSB- Organization of American States -RSB- or the Carter Center , " said Heather Berkman , a Latin America analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm . Ousted President Manuel Zelaya has said he will not recognize the election results and has called for a boycott . Many nations also have said they will withhold recognition of the winner in Honduras . In a written statement , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the United States "  remains committed to help restore the democratic and constitutional order in Honduras in the wake of the June 28 coup d'etat that removed President Zelaya and led to the suspension of Honduras from the Organization of American States . " He called the November 29 elections "  another critical step in the restoration of the democratic and constitutional order in Honduras , " and noted that the electoral process is conducted "  under the stewardship of the multi-party and autonomous Supreme Electoral Tribunal , which was also selected before the coup . " Honduran authorities seemed to be preparing for violence . Police and the military have stockpiled 10,000 tear gas canisters and other crowd-control equipment , "  triggering fears of an increased risk of excessive and disproportionate use of force by security forces around the presidential elections , " said the human rights organization Amnesty International . The Gordian knot of Honduran politics was tied early June 28 when a military-backed coup removed Zelaya from power , shuttling him off in his pajamas to nearby Costa Rica . Congress swore in Micheletti , the Legislature 's president , as his replacement a few hours later . The United Nations , OAS , European Union and most nations -- including the United States -- condemned the coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated . Five months later , Zelaya is still not in power , holed up instead in the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa , the capital of Honduras . The ousted president returned secretly to his country September 21 and obtained refuge at the embassy . It looked like a solution had been reached October 29 , when Zelaya and Micheletti agreed to a deal brokered by the United States . The pact said Congress would vote on Zelaya 's return to power after consultation with the nation 's Supreme Court and other bodies . The vote was supposed to be held within a week but now is set for next week after the elections . The Supreme Court ruled 14-1 this week that Zelaya can not return to office without facing trial first on charges that he acted unconstitutionally when trying to hold a vote that could have led to the lifting of presidential term limits . The Supreme Court had ruled that the vote was illegal , and Congress had forbidden it . The coup came on the day that vote was supposed to be held . Micheletti stepped down temporarily this week to try to distance himself from Sunday 's elections . He said he will resume office Wednesday . The new president is scheduled to be sworn in January 27 . In addition to the presidency , at stake in Sunday 's election are three vice presidents , 128 members of Congress and mayors and other municipal leaders throughout the nation . Among the five major presidential candidates , Porfirio Lobo Sosa of the opposition National Party is considered the front-runner . Polls last month showed him with a double-digit lead over Elvin Santos of the Liberal Party . Zelaya and Micheletti are Liberal Party members , and their rift has splintered the party . The other three candidates are Bernard Martinez of the Innovation and Unity Party-Social-Democracy , Felicito Avila of the Christian Democrat Party and Cesar Ham of the Democratic Unification Party . A sixth candidate , Carlos Reyes , withdrew this month . Amnesty International said Friday that human rights activists and journalists critical of Micheletti 's government have been receiving increased threats and intimidation . For example , Amnesty International said , the Honduran military requested that a local mayor provide a list of names and telephone numbers for members of the opposition Resistencia movement . "  Today , there 's an environment of fear and intimidation in Honduras , " said Javier Zuniga , head of Amnesty International 's delegation in Honduras . "  We have seen an increased level of harassment against those who are seen as opposed to the de facto authorities , and officials responsible for the protection of human rights are not doing anything to investigate the incidents or stop them . "	NEW : U.S. State Department says elections are "  critical step " to restore order Many nations likely to withhold recognition of newly elected Honduran leader Ousted President Manuel Zelaya has called for boycott of Sunday 's elections Amnesty International says activists facing threats , intimidation
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security has granted asylum to an Albanian immigrant , his wife and teenage son after a years-long deportation battle . According to a letter from the Department of Homeland Security , Edmond and Rudina Demiraj and their teenage son , Rediol , were all granted asylum "  for an indefinite period . " The letter also said that asylum status for each person may be terminated if the family "  no longer has a well founded fear of persecution because of a fundamental change in circumstances . " CNN first reported on the Demiraj case last fall . The Department of Justice was then threatening to deport the family to Albania even after Edmond Demiraj promised to testify in a human trafficking case . Attorneys for the Justice Department based in Houston wanted Demiraj 's testimony in a prosecution against fellow Albanian immigrant Bill Bedini . In exchange for his willingness to testify , Demiraj told CNN that prosecutors promised protection for him and his family . They also promised them Green Cards , he said . That offer , Demiraj said , was verbal and never committed to writing . The trial never took place because Bedini fled to Albania after entering a plea of not guilty , according to the U.S. Marshal 's office in Houston . When prosecutors did n't need Demiraj 's testimony , they handed him over to immigration officials , who promptly deported him . Within a few weeks back in his native Albania , Demiraj says , Bedini tried to kill him . Demiraj says only luck saved him . He was wounded in the attack and eventually returned to the United States , entering illegally through Mexico . He spent seven months in an immigration jail before being allowed to remain in the U.S. on temporary status . In the intervening years , lawyers for the Department of Justice told a succession of courts that Demiraj and his family should be deported , even though they said they feared for their lives . At one point , Josh Rosenkranz , an attorney for Demiraj , told CNN that the deportation proceedings were a "  shameful display of how the U.S. government will use people who they need to keep us safe and then cavalierly discard them when they are no longer of use to them . " "  We are extremely happy for the Demiraj family , " Rosenkranz said in a statement . "  All along , they have wanted to live the American dream legally and safely . " When asked about the case , a Department of Justice spokesman told CNN that it was not responsible for asylum decisions although the DOJ later pointed out that its Executive Office for Immigration Review administers the courts that deal with asylum claims from international residents who are in the country illegally , like the Demirajs .	Justice Department wanted his testimony in human trafficking case that never occurred Edmond Demiraj says family was promised protection , Green Card in return Department of Justice lawyers told courts that Demiraj family should be deported
CNN  -- Clashes were reported Friday in Bahrain 's capital on the eve of parliamentary elections in the country . Security forces were sent to rallies to deal with what the Interior Ministry called "  illegal acts which resulted from demonstrations , " the state news agency reported . The ministry said that saboteurs and outlaws stormed the City Center mall in Manama Friday afternoon , "  intent on sowing chaos and terrorizing shoppers , " according to the Bahrain News Agency . Those arrested will face legal action , officials said . The ministry blamed the rallies on "  instigative calls posted on social networking sites . " Unspecified arrests and injuries were reported in the clashes . It was not clear late Friday how many involved pro- or anti-government protesters . There also were unconfirmed reports of tear gas used by security forces on demonstrators . City Center was back to normal late Friday , according to the Interior Ministry . A march on the Lulu Square area of Manama brought a halt to traffic in much of the capital . A heavy police presence was evident as people prepared to vote Saturday . Residents of some villages have vowed to boycott . The elections are being held to replace 18 seats that were vacated by Al-Wefaq , the country 's largest opposition party . The party vacated the seats to protest the treatment of demonstrators during February 's unrest in Bahrain . An opposition group called The February 14 Coalition said it planned to launch protests on Friday and Saturday in the newly named Martyr 's Square , the site formerly known as Pearl Roundabout . "  Just like all other freedom-loving people living in real democracies across the globe , we , the people of Bahrain have the right to choose the way in which we are governed , " the group said . The Youth Coalition of February 14 announced it would be holding a sit-in demonstration at the same location . Addressing an opposition rally in Tubli , a village south of Manama , Thursday , Sheikh Ali Salman , head of the Al-Wefaq party said , "  when we talk about democracy we want democracy like that of Westminster , France , and America , not the democracy of Saddam Hussein , nor the democracy of Zine El Abidine , nor the democracy of Gadhafi . " Shaikh Fawaz bin Mohammed Al Khalifa , president of Bahrain 's Information Affairs Authority , said he expected voter turnout to be encouraging Saturday , according to the state-run Bahrain News Agency . Bahrain 's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa was attending the U.N. General Assembly in New York . On Thursday he spoke about the need for reforms "  aimed to provide decent living conditions , security and tranquility in a society of peaceful coexistence . "	NEW : Clashes reported in capital of Manama Saturday 's election will replace 18 seats in the parliament The seats were vacated by opposition party Al-Wefaq "  The people of Bahrain have the right to choose the way in which we are governed , " group says
Washington  CNN  -- Lawyers for State Sen. Chris McDaniel filed an appeal Friday with the Mississippi Supreme Court to overturn last week 's judicial decision rejecting McDaniel 's challenge to the state 's June 24 GOP primary runoff , which was won by incumbent Sen. Thad Cochran . Judge Hollis McGehee ruled on August 29 that McDaniel waited too long to file his challenge with the state Republican Party . McDaniel filed the challenge 41 days after the election ; McGehee said that under state law the challenge had to be filed within 20 days . McDaniel , who received strong support from tea party and anti-establishment groups , narrowly defeated Cochran in Mississippi 's June 3 Republican primary . Neither candidate , however , cracked the 50 % threshold needed to win , forcing a runoff three weeks later that Cochran won by slightly over 7,000 votes . Cochran 's victory was apparently aided by crossover votes from African-Americans , a largely Democratic bloc actively courted by Cochran 's campaign and allied groups . McDaniel 's campaign said there was evidence of election fraud . McDaniel 's supporters argued , among other things , that African-American Democrats improperly voted in the Republican runoff after participating in the Democratic primary . Cochran 's campaign attributed the unusually high levels of support from African-Americans to four decades of the senator 's relationship-building in the state . Cochran is the overwhelming favorite to win the November election . It would be his seventh term in the U.S. Senate .	Lawyers for state Sen. Chris McDaniel file appeal with the Mississippi Supreme Court Judge ruled McDaniel waited too long to file a challenge to the GOP 's June 24 primary runoff Sen. Thad Cochran narrowly won the GOP runoff McDaniel 's campaign argues Cochran benefited from widespread election fraud
CNN Student News  -- June 8 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Massachusetts ; Washington , D.C. ; Tampa , Florida ; Charlotte , North Carolina London Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the end of year Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Jyoti is the Hindi word for light . It 's something Pranav Mehta has never had to live without . And he is lucky . Near where he lives in Gujarat , one of the most prosperous states in India , thousands of rural villages lack electricity or struggle with an intermittent supply at best . Massive solar satellites would beam power back to ground-based receivers on Earth . "  We need to empower these villages , and for empowerment , energy is a must , " Mehta said . "  Rural India is suffering a lot because of a lack of energy . " By 2030 , India 's Planning Commission estimates that the country will have to generate at least 700,000 megawatts of additional power to meet the demands of its expanding economy and growing population . Much of that electricity will come from coal-fired power plants , like the $ 4 billion so-called ultra mega complex scheduled to be built south of Tunda Wand , a tiny village near the Gulf of Kutch , an inlet of the Arabian Sea on India 's west coast . Dozens of other such projects are already or soon will be under way . Yet Mehta has another solution for India 's chronic electricity shortage , one that does not involve power plants on the ground but instead massive sun-gathering satellites in geosynchronous orbits 22,000 miles in the sky . The satellites would electromagnetically beam gigawatts of solar energy back to ground-based receivers , where it would then be converted to electricity and transferred to power grids . And because in high Earth orbit , satellites are unaffected by the earth 's shadow virtually 365 days a year , the floating power plants could provide round-the-clock clean , renewable electricity . "  This will be kind of a leap frog action instead of just crawling , " said Mehta , who is the director of India operations for Space Island Group , a California-based company working to develop solar satellites . "  It is a win-win situation . " American scientist Peter Glaser introduced the idea of space solar power in 1968 . NASA and the United States Department of Energy studied the concept throughout the 1970s , concluding that although the technology was feasible , the price of putting it all together and sending it to outer space was not . "  The estimated cost of all of the infrastructure to build them in space was about $ 1 trillion , " said John Mankins , a former NASA technologist and president of the Space Power Association . "  It was an unimaginable amount of money . " NASA revisited space solar power with a so-called "  Fresh Look " study in the mid-90s but the research lost momentum when the space agency decided it did not want to further pursue the technology , Mankins told CNN . By around 2002 the project was indefinitely shelved -- or so it seemed . "  The conditions are ripe for something to happen on space solar power , " said Charles Miller , a director of the Space Frontier Foundation , a group promoting public access to space . "  The environment is perfect for a new start . " Skyrocketing oil prices , a heightened awareness of climate change and worries about natural resource depletion have recently prompted a renewed interest in beaming extraterrestrial energy back to Earth , Miller explained . And so has a 2007 report released by the Pentagon 's National Security Space Office , encouraging the U.S. government to spearhead the development of space power systems . "  A single kilometer-wide band of geosynchronous Earth orbit experiences enough solar flux in one year to nearly equal the amount of energy contained within all known recoverable conventional oil reserves on Earth today , " the report said . The study also concluded that solar energy from satellites could provide power for global U.S. military operations and deliver energy to disaster areas and developing nations . "  The country that takes the lead on space solar power will be the energy-exporting country for the entire planet for the next few hundred years , " Miller said . Russia , China , the European Union and India , according to the Pentagon report , are interested in the concept . And Japan , which has been pouring millions of dollars into space power studies for decades , is working toward testing a small-scale demonstration in the near future . But a number of obstacles still remain before solar satellites actually get off the ground , said Jeff Keuter , president of the George C. Marshall Institute , a Washington-based research organization . "  Like any activity in space , there are enormous engineering challenges , " he said . One major barrier is a lack of cheap and reliable access to space , a necessity for launching hundreds of components to build what will be miles-long platforms . Developing robotic technology to piece the structures together high above Earth will also be a challenge . Then there is the issue of finding someone to foot what will be at least a billion-dollar bill . "  It will take a great deal of effort , a great deal of thought and unfortunately a great deal of money , " Keutersaid . "  But it is certainly possible . " And Miller , of the Space Frontier Foundation , said he thinks it will be possible in the next 10 years . "  We could see the first operational power satellite in about the 2020 time frame if we act now , " he said . ... . Do you think beaming solar power down from space is feasible ? Who should be responsible developing the technology ? Why has it not been done before ? Leave your views and comments in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .	Concept to beam solar power from satellites gains new global momentum Massive satellites would beam solar energy back to ground-based receivers Pentagon study says could be used for military operations , developing nations
Kunene region , Namibia  CNN  -- For years , an ancient tribe of semi-nomadic herders known as the Himba has drawn photographers to Namibia 's barren northwest . As a result , the striking image of the Himba -- if not their name -- has become known far beyond the remote , unforgiving Kunene region where they eke out a living tending livestock . The reason for this is otjize , a paste of butter , fat and red ochre -- sometimes scented with aromatic resin -- that Himba women apply each morning to their skin and hair , giving them a distinctive red hue . The sight of traditional Himba women has become an iconic image of Africa . There has been much speculation about the origins of this practice , with some claiming it is to protect their skin from the sun , or repel insects . But the Himba say it is an aesthetic consideration , a sort of traditional make-up they apply every morning when they wake . Men do not apply otjize . Although it is constantly jeopardized by development , including proposed hydroelectric projects , many Himba lead a traditional lifestyle that has remained unchanged for generations , surviving war and droughts . These customs can be glimpsed today in the village of Omarumba , where around 20 people live under the leadership of chief Hikuminue Kapika . The Himba are open to outsiders coming to witness their way of life , but ask for a contribution from visitors in return -- in this case , maize , coffee , tea , cooking oil and $ 25 donation . As pastoralists , cattle are central to the lives of the Himba -- just like their relatives , the Herero , who are renowned for the headwear of their women , which resemble cattle horns . Read also : The Namibian women who dress like Victorians In the center of the village is a pen where young cattle , sheep and goats are held , while more mature animals are left to roam the periphery . Every morning , after the women have applied their otjize , they milk the cattle , before the young men of the village lead them out to graze . If there is nowhere to graze , the village may relocate , or the young men set up a temporary village with their stock . The past year has been dry , says Uvaserua Kapika , one of the chief 's wives , and the village is concerned about the welfare of their livestock . "  Last year , it rain  ed  a lot and I was very comfortable . This year , I do n't know what to say ... I pray to God as the animals are dying . " The homes of the Himba , who number between 30,000 and 50,000 , are round structures constructed of sapling posts , bound together to form a domed roof which is plastered in mud and dung . The most important part of the Himba village is the "  okuruwo , " or holy fire . Kept continuously alight , the holy fire represents the ancestors of the villagers , who acts as intermediaries to the Himba 's god , Mukuru . The chief 's is the only house whose the entrance faces the fire -- all the others face away -- and it is important for outsiders not to walk in the sacred area between his house and the fire . Read also : ` Stolen ' African skulls return to Namibia At night , an ember from the fire is brought into the chief 's hut , then used to kindle the flames again in the morning . Chief Kapika said he would regularly sit by the fire to interact with his ancestors . "  We pray for rain to come and our cattle to multiply , " he said . "  He must bless me with more followers as a chief . " Said his wife , Uvaserua Kapika . "  This is the place we pray to our God in heaven . In this place , you can get healed . Everything is performed here . "	The Himba women of northwest Namibia are renowned for their use of otjize Otjize is a paste of butter , fat and red ochre which is applied to their hair and skin The Himba communicate with their god and their ancestors through a holy fire
CNN  -- No way , Jose . What else can you say when Jose Canseco -- the former baseball slugger who accidentally shot his own finger last month -- claims that part of said finger fell off during a poker tournament ? No word yet on whether Canseco won the hand , but he does n't seem to be too broken up about it , given the tenor of his Twitter feed . "  I put my finger in the freezer , " he wrote . "  Anyone want appetizers ? " The joke stems from an incident earlier this week that no one else has reported independently , outside of Canseco 's tweets . He claims that someone has a video of part of his finger coming off during a poker tournament , yet that footage has n't been broadcast by anyone . Jose Melendez , Canseco 's representative , told CNN that the ex-player 's camp has the video and may sell it to media outlets . For now , though , all the world has to work from is Canseco 's Twitter feed -- the same place where , just a few days ago , he was opining that "  comet transport is the key to our survival " in the wake of the European Space Agency 's putting a vehicle on a comet after a 310-million mile journey . And , even for those with a strong stomach , it 's a lot to digest . It starts with his admission Friday that "  my finger fell off " during a poker tournament the previous night . Canseco then chimes in with this tweet : "  My finger should have been amputated from the beginning . It was very loose with no bone to connect it . it was also smelling really bad . " And for good measure , the one-time Oakland A 's basher shared a gruesome photo Saturday of his finger before it fell off . "  I bet a long time ago you could easily loose  sic  a finger a hand or even your life in a poker game if you could n't pay up , " Canseco joked . It all stems from an incident last month , when Canseco accidentally shot himself in a finger on his left hand while cleaning a handgun , according to Las Vegas police . Canseco tweets photo of wounded hand The incident helped bring Canseco -- who won the American League Rookie of the Year award in 1986 , was the league MVP two years later and finished his 17-season career with 450 home runs -- back into the public spotlight . Besides his exploits on the field , the admitted steroid user has claimed there was widespread use of performance-enhancing drugs in Major League Baseball . He wrote two books on the subject : "  Juiced : Wild Times , Rampant ` Roids , Smash Hits , and How Baseball Got Big " and "  Vindicated : Big Names , Big Liars , and the Battle to Save Baseball . " Fast facts on Jose Canseco CNN 's Carma Hassan , Veronica George and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Jose Canseco tweets about a recent incident at a poker tournament He claims part of the finger he 'd accidentally shot had fallen off Canseco says the finger fragment was "  very loose , " smelled bad The baseball slugger was a central figure in MLB 's steroids controversy
CNN  -- At the funeral of Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez , his good friend , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , was photographed embracing Chvez 's bereaved mother , in a show of compassion and support . Back home in Tehran , Ahmadinejad was immediately bashed by newspapers and by conservative politicians who cited a religious prohibition against touching a woman who is not your wife or a relative . While theology is a factor , there may have been a deeper message to this backlash from Tehran : that it 's no longer cool to be supporting Chvez , his family and political allies , and that this alliance , like others cultivated by Chvez , may be in jeopardy . Chvez put great effort into his friendship with Iran and into a broader alliance with other states in Latin America , with both efforts motivated in part by opposition to the United States ' international role . Chvez 's death is certainly changing the political calculus in Venezuela , but will it also result in a broader shift that could realign much of Latin America and affect attitudes toward , and relationships with , the United States ? The answer is likely "  yes . " First , the grouping of nations previously opposing the United States under Chvez 's leftist alliance -- namely the "  Alba " alliance , comprised of Venezuela , Cuba , Ecuador , Nicaragua , and Bolivia -- could well wither away , due to Venezuela 's ongoing recession and fears that alliance members will no longer have Venezuela 's financial backing . When combined with reports of Chvez 's expressed desire to strengthen ties with the Obama administration , regional hostility towards the United States may decline . Since assuming office in 1999 , Chvez viewed Washington as an oppressive force manipulating Latin American politics while keeping the region underdeveloped through its dependence on U.S. resources . In response , Chvez approached like-minded leaders to build a coalition challenging the regional influence of the United States . By 2005 , Bolivia , Nicaragua , Cuba , Honduras and Ecuador joined Chvez 's coalition , which led to the formation of the Bolivian Alliance of the Americas , also known as Alba . Alba served as an alternative to the Free Trade Act of the Americas , with an explicit focus on poverty reduction , but it also facilitated the unification of these nations in their anti-American sentiments . With Chvez gone , however , there may be no one left who has the clout to keep financing this alliance . Venezuela is Alba 's largest financier , contributing millions in aid to its members as well as oil at low prices . But Venezuelans may believe that with ongoing poverty and inequality , their country 's needs are more important than those of Chvez 's small club of nations . This situation worries Alba members . According to Cynthia Arnson of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars , while Bolivia and Ecuador are independently wealthy and not financially dependent on Venezuela , Cuba and Nicaragua are . Cuba receives roughly 100,000 barrels of Venezuelan oil a day , while Venezuela accounted for $ 8.3 billion of Cuba 's $ 20 billion in foreign trade in 2011 . Chvez also paid approximately $ 6 billion annually for 40,000 Cuban doctors and nurses , according to Reuters . Cuban citizens fear that Chvez 's death will push them back to the days of the post-Cold War recession , when Russia gradually withdrew its funding for Cuba . Meanwhile , Nicaragua has received approximately $ 500 million a year in loans and oil credits , increasing to $ 609 million in 2011 , while earnings from agricultural exports to Venezuela increased from $ 2 million in 2006 to $ 300 million in 2011 . But alliance members also realize that they have options . Nicaragua 's economic minister , Bayardo Arce , recently stated that it 's time to diversify Nicaragua 's economic relations with China , Europe and the United States , mainly because Nicaragua has "  to anticipate that Alba is not going to be permanent . " Cuba may also seek to strengthen its relations with Brazil , its second-largest trade partner in the region . In fact , both governments already have plans to engage in several trade and infrastructure projects and are ramping up trade , mainly in sugar exports . Ecuador and Nicaragua are working more closely with Brazil in helping to construct hydroelectric energy plants and chemical industries , respectively . In addition to strong economic growth rates , Brazilian President Dilma Rouseff 's policy commitments to the poor and enhanced control over key economic sectors , such as oil , may provide a more appealing leftist model . In recent years , Chvez was also interested in improving relations with the United States . He saw President Obama 's re-election victory as an opportunity to strengthen diplomatic ties . Chvez once commented : "  I wish we could begin a new period of normal relations . " Chvez was so committed to this endeavor that even from his hospital in Cuba , he authorized his second in command , Vice President Nicolas Maduro , to start negotiating with the U.S. State Department . While it may seem that Maduro may have a difficult time working with the United States , considering his accusations that the United States has historically plotted against Venezuela and the recent removal of U.S. diplomats from Caracas , it appears that this was mainly done to gain the trust of Chvez political supporters in order to secure Maduro 's position as the next president . U.S. diplomatic officials view Maduro as a pragmatist and the fact that he was supportive of initiating closer ties with the United States last year suggests that this could continue , especially in light of Venezuela 's economic troubles and the need to increase revenues through trade . Chvez 's passing should motivate the United States to seek a new partnership with Venezuela . First , Secretary of State John Kerry should reopen the U.S. embassy in Caracas , which has been closed since 2010 , while assigning diplomats who are committed to engaging in peaceful dialogue and political and economic cooperation . Second , Kerry should take this opportunity to strengthen cooperation over issues that can provide mutual benefits in the areas of national security and the economy , such as counternarcotics , counterterrorism , as well as sustaining oil trade : the United States currently imports just under 1 million barrels a day from Venezuela . But the United States should also see this situation as an opportunity to strengthen its ties with other nations , such as Cuba . With the likely decline in economic assistance to Cuba from Venezuela , Cuban President Raul Castro may consider stepping up negotiations with the Obama administration over the U.S. embargo , human rights and the release of American prisoners , such as Alan Gross . Chvez is gone , but the United States ' commitment to peaceful democratic relations persists . Going forward , the United States should explore ways of strengthening its ties with Venezuela and other Latin American nations . But this is not a one-way street : Maduro in Venezuela will also need to find ways to strengthen his government 's ties with the United States , which may be a balancing act if he wants to sustain his government 's good relations with Iran , particularly after Ahmadinejad leaves office . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eduardo J. Gmez	Eduardo J. Gmez : Ahmadinejad criticized back home for hugging Chvez 's mother He says support in Iran may be waning for alliance with Venezuela Chavez bankrolled anti-U.S. alliance , but new leaders may not want to , he says Gmez : Nations in Latin America may see benefits of improved relations with U.S.
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho is confident that Real Madrid can break Barcelona 's dominance in Spain in his first season in charge of the nine-time European champions . The capital club won the last of its 31 La Liga crowns in 2008 , but Mourinho exclusively told CNN that he believed he could continue the success that saw him win titles in his native Portugal , England and Italy . "  I hope so . I did it with Porto , I did it with Inter , with Chelsea we did n't win the Champions League but we won two consecutive Premierships so , why not to do it with Real ? " the 47-year-old told CNN World Sport 's Patrick Snell . "  It 's a big club , it 's a club with lots of good players . In this moment they have the motivation because they win nothing in the last years , but of course it 's not easy , because we have real opponents , and we have to be the team . " Mourinho has a big history with Barcelona , where he was an assistant coach under Bobby Robson and then Louis van Gaal from 1996-2000 . He had several big European clashes with the Catalan club while in charge of Chelsea , and his Inter side beat Pep Guardiola 's titleholders in last season 's Champions League semis before going on to defeat Van Gaal 's Bayern in the final . "  You know , everybody speaks about our second game in Barcelona where we had a very defensive approach . But they forget in the first match in the Champions League with Inter we smashed them , we scored three goals and we could have scored four or five , so I think the problem with Barcelona is more psychological than other things , " Mourinho said . "  Lots of teams are afraid of them , they are afraid to attack them . We did it . We won it , and after that in the second leg , it 's a semifinal , it 's a Champions League semifinal -- it 's not the moment to play the beautiful game , it 's the moment to make history . Carvalho completes Real Madrid move "  And we made history , we reached the final , and after that in the final , it was an easy match for us . Bayern was a good team , but we were so solid by a psychological point of view , that Inter did it , and it looked like it was easy , and it was n't . " When Mourinho arrived in London in 2004 , he famously quipped to the British press that he was "  The Special One " -- a nickname that has stuck wherever he has gone since . "  But you know , I won lots of things . I won 17 titles in the past 10 years , and I 'm one of the three coaches that won two Champions Leagues with two different teams , so , I 'm one of the good ones , " he said . "  But to say I 'm the Special One , I prefer not to say that , I just say ' I have a nice system ' . " Mourinho will have to juggle a star-studded squad which has failed to equal the sum of its parts in the past two seasons , with Real 's opening match away to Mallorca on August 29 . Injury blow for Real star Kaka He has brought in internationals such as Angel Di Maria and Ricardo Carvalho , but will be without Kaka for up to four months after the Brazil playmaker need knee surgery on his return from the World Cup in South Africa . "  We all know that the knee was a real problem , and after that the problem he has in the groin will be solved when the knee problem is solved , " Mourinho said . "  And now we know until December-January we do n't have him , so we have to prepare the team , organize the team without Kaka . But he will be back , and he will be back at 100 percent , and at 100 percent he 's one of the best and we need him . " Cristiano Ronaldo almost single-handedly kept Real in the Spanish title race last season with his goals and inspirational performances , and Mourinho said he was looking forward to working with his compatriot -- the most expensive player in the world . "  He 's fantastic , and the way he works speaks for itself . He 's a boy that works very , very hard every day -- lots of ambition , he wants to improve all the time , " Mourinho said . "  So with the potential he has , I just hope he keeps going . Because I can not demand more than he 's giving . " While Real spent $ 350 million on Ronaldo and other players this time last year , one position that has never been in doubt is that of goalkeeper Iker Casillas , who captained Spain to a historic first World Cup title last month . He joined "  Los Merengues " as a nine-year-old in 1990 , and will this season pass 400 first-team appearances . "  I believe in this club -- I 'm lucky to be Madrid born and bred , " Casillas told CNN . "  To live in the city , to play for the club , this is home for me . It would be hard to ever consider leaving this club . It has helped shape me , it 's developed me as a person on so many levels since I was so young . " While Real 's expensive squad has a reputation of being a group of talented individuals who struggle to gel , Casillas said the players were focused on ending Barcelona 's run of two consecutive titles . "  We 're all unified as one . We 're hard-working , humble people . People who fight hard , willing to struggle for the cause . Whether it 's Cristiano , Kaka , Casillas , Canales -- we 're all in it together , and that 's what 's important " Casillas said Spain 's long-awaited success was a dream come true for his generation of players . "  What it means is so significant . We succeeded in realizing a dream we all had since we were young kids . All footballers have a dream to win the World Cup for their country and I as a youngster was no different , " he said . "  Look at who we were up against . Maradona 's Argentina , Germany , Italy , France and Brazil . We had to succeed against all of them ! Did we ever really think we would do it given all the bad luck we 'd had in the past ? But look in the end , we were successful ! "	Big-spending Real Madrid seeking to win first Spanish league title since 2008 Jose Mourinho returns to Spain , where he was Barcelona 's assistant coach for four years He believes he can repeat last season 's success , when he won three titles with Inter Milan Goalkeeper Iker Casillas says expensive squad is focused on winning La Liga crown
Juneau , Alaska  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain 's presidential campaign and other Republicans began circling Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in the weeks before McCain picked her as his 2008 running mate , according to e-mails from her old office . Prominent Republicans had touted Palin as a possible running mate for a few months before . But the courtship appears to have accelerated in early August of 2008 , just as the biggest controversy of her administration was gathering steam , according to some of the 24,000 pages of e-mails released by Alaska 's state government Friday . "  Governor -- I received a call from Charles Adams , Communications Advisor Department for Senator McCain . Mr. Adams was inquiring as to whether or not you would be interested in participating in a National Press Call on Wednesday , 08.06.08 , " Palin 's scheduler , Janice Mason , wrote the then-governor on August 4 . "  This would be with their National Pool of Reporters . It has very good attendance on calls . It would help the elected official . It would be a total of 15 minutes of your time and would be in regards to Energy . " It was not immediately clear whether Palin accepted the invitation . In her response to Mason , she questioned whether she could take part in the call , given a planned trip to southwestern Alaska . Around the same time , Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley requested a brief courtesy visit during an August 11 trip to Alaska 's capital Juneau . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich also e-mailed Palin to ask her advice on how Alaska distributed its oil taxes . Gingrich suggested Alaska 's model , which guarantees every resident a cut of the proceeds , could be adopted in other states . And the Republican National Committee had Palin lined up for a 9 p.m. speaking slot at the party 's convention in Minneapolis on September 2 , the day she eventually delivered her acceptance speech , as early as August 20 . "  RNC feels that this is a much better slot for you and they want you on Primetime , " Mason wrote . Nothing in the documents indicates whether Palin knew she was being considered for a slot on the national ticket , and further documents indicate she planned to stay at a Hilton Garden Inn and return from Minneapolis the day after her speech . Neither her husband , Todd , nor infant son , Trig , would be able to accompany her , she wrote -- "  All the more reason to keep the trip short . " McCain eventually named Palin his choice for vice president on August 29 , catapulting the once-obscure governor into the national spotlight and making her a potential contender for the GOP 's No. 1 position in 2012 . State officials released the trove of e-mail -- six 11-by-17-inch boxes worth -- on Friday , the result of Freedom of Information Act requests dating to her vice presidential nomination . About three dozen reporters and photographers crammed into the crowded hallway of a state office building in Juneau and hauled them away for review Friday morning . Around the same time that she was being considered for the vice presidential nomination , Palin was coming under increasing scrutiny over her firing of the state 's public safety commissioner , Walt Monegan . Monegan 's backers asserted that Palin had fired him because he refused to sack her ex-brother-in-law , a state police officer who had been involved in a bitter custody dispute with Palin 's sister . The flap became known as "  Troopergate , " and it dogged Palin throughout the remainder of the campaign . Two investigations came to differing conclusions about her actions : One found she violated state ethics law by using state employees to put pressure on her former in-law , another found she had stayed within the law and little evidence she knew of the actions of her subordinates . The first investigation was commissioned by the state Legislature , the second requested by Palin herself . On August 6 , 2008 , Palin was told that the Legislature 's investigator , Steven Branchflower , had requested "  a laundry list " of records from the governor 's office : "  Emails , files correspondence , names and addresses of any and all staff that would have any knowledge of Walt 's firing , " wrote her then-chief of staff , Mike Nizich . In the e-mail , one of those released Friday , Nizich adds , "  You got to be kidding me . " And Palin replies , "  Geez . This is crazy . " Earlier records in the stash show Palin 's frustration with complaints about her family 's state-paid travel even before she entered the national spotlight , instructing an aide to remind a reporter "  of the family travels w  with  me that I have personally pd  paid  for . " "  Hopefully our records very clearly show that , " Palin wrote on July 10 , 2008 . "  Also , my return of every per diem offer for everything related to the kids ... and we need to be proactive in this issue with reminding him of all the steps taken to save state monies like no Anchorage apartment ... no chef ... security down from 7 to 2 , whatever . " Palin eventually paid back about $ 7,000 for travel expenses for her children after an ethics investigator determined nine trips were questionable . The settlement stated that Palin did not violate Alaska 's ethics law or commit any wrongdoing , and that she followed the advice of experienced staff . A spokesman for her political action committee said Friday that the documents show "  a governor hard at work . " "  The thousands upon thousands of e-mails released today show a very engaged Governor Sarah Palin being the CEO of her state , " said Tim Crawford , treasurer of Sarah PAC , Palin 's political action committee . Meanwhile , in a scandal that rocked Alaska 's political establishment , Palin moved quickly to link a key figure to her defeated predecessor , Frank Murkowski , the documents show . "  FYI -- I 've asked Frank Bailey to help me track down soem -LSB- sic -RSB- evidence of past administration 's dealing with Bill Allen , " Palin wrote on May 8 , 2007 , a day after Allen pleaded guilty to bribery , extortion and conspiracy . Palin had beaten Murkowski in 2006 in a primary battle in which she campaigned as a reformer , and backed an unsuccessful 2010 challenge to Murkowski 's daughter , U.S. Sen. Lisa Murkowski . Allen had been the CEO of the Alaska oilfield services company VECO , and federal prosecutors accused him of leading a scheme to bribe top lawmakers in exchange for favorable state action . The scandal disgraced several lawmakers and led to prison time for Allen . Aides soon replied that VECO had paid $ 15,000 to fly Frank Murkowski and Allen to a Council of State Governments meeting in Thailand in 2004 . Palin aides also asked Allen to resign from a seat on a state board that cultivated ties with the Canadian province of Alberta , a request to which Allen -- who was later sentenced to three years in prison -- quickly agreed . The documents include messages from Palin 's official account as well as private accounts , according to Linda Perez , the administrative director for current Gov. Sean Parnell . A search was done "  in an effort to capture everything in the state e-mail system " that would comply with the request , Perez said . Perez said 2,275 pages are not being released due to legal privileges , while some documents were redacted to remove names . E-mails for the remaining 10 months of Palin 's tenure , leading up to her 2009 resignation , have yet to be released . Before the release , Palin told "  Fox News Sunday " that the messages "  obviously were n't meant for public consumption , " saying she was sure the material would be taken out of context . "  I think every rock in the Palin household that could ever be kicked over and uncovered anything , it 's already been kicked over , " she said . CNN 's Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Katie Glaeser and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	NEW : Palin documents show GOP overtures in August 2008 NEW : E-mails reveal frustration with early ethics questions Palin , aides express frustration with questions about children 's travel Palin wanted to know about "  past administration 's dealing " with scandal figure
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentina 's economy is in a perpetual state of uncertainty . As a result , Argentines have learned to live with what they 've got -- and make things last . Lukas Desimone of Baumm cuts out a new bag from an old billboard advertisement . This resilience and resourcefulness has resulted in a wonderfully creative culture , where innovation and ingenuity are ever-present . In the wake of the country 's 2001-2002 economic crash , many Argentines could n't afford to travel abroad to forge new business relationships and absorb foreign ideas , so they did what they 've always done -- they looked within for inspiration . In particular , Argentine fashion and designs have come to the forefront in recent years and gained worldwide accolades . These days , whenever I walk down the streets of Buenos Aires , especially in the trendy bohemian neighborhoods of Palermo and San Telmo , I see scores of boutique shops selling cool furnishings and hip clothing . Watch Brian Byrnes ' report from Argentina " These are the places that always seem to attract the most attention from tourists ; I do n't think they expect to find such cutting-edge goods here , and are pleasantly surprised when they do . I 've lived in Argentina since 2001 , and witnessed the country struggle through the bad times and enjoy the subsequent recovery ; in some sectors of society you could even call it a renaissance . So it comes as no surprise to me that Argentine designers are now meshing technology and fashion in totally new , and in many cases , eco-friendly ways . Living a "  green " lifestyle is a relatively new concept in Argentina , and the country is definitely behind in regards to education and implementation of environmentally-friendly policies , but that has started to change in recent years , and as they are prone to do , many Argentines have embraced the idea with their typical gusto . I wanted to find out more about some of these new designers , so I visited two businesses in Buenos Aires that are creating items that are both innovative and unique , especially for this region of the world . We 'll be featuring these two companies on CNN International 's special weeklong programming called "  Going Green " this week . The first place I went is Indarra DTX , housed in an enormous warehouse that also serves as a storage area for a supermarket . When I knocked on the non-descript gray metal door and passed through a loading dock area , I was thinking that I may have come to the wrong place . But cameraman Eduardo Aragona and I were soon greeted by a cheerful receptionist , Agustina , who led us into the spacious workspace and then to a corner area reserved for fashion fittings and meetings . There we met Julieta Gayoso , the 37-year-old owner of Indarra DTX . She told me that Indarra is a Basque word that means "  energy " and she named the company such because her objective is to mesh technology and fashion in a way that advances the functionality of clothing . "  We are with our clothes 24 hours a day , so I think they need to provide us with other services , and these new benefits have to do with technology , " says Gayoso . Indarra makes sleek jackets from eco-friendly textiles , like bamboo fibers and Lyocell . One of their most intriguing products is the FV Module Jacket , which comes with a small solar panel attached to the back . The panel absorbs sunlight and in turn can power your Ipod or charge your cell phone . I tried one on , and it was comfortable , practical -- and stylish . Although I must say , I would be a bit concerned about garnering glances on the street because of the solar square . It 's not that noticeable , though , and it 's worth the funny looks to save a little energy . Every bit counts , right ? Next , we headed across town to the workshop and studio of Baumm , a self-proclaimed "  Recycle and Design Company " housed on the second floor of a refurbished old home in the Villa Crespo neighborhood of Buenos Aires . Lukas Desimone , 29 , and Rodrigo Chapero , 27 , are the co-owners of the company , and when I first met them I thought they could easily be members of a skateboarding team . Baumm -- which means "  tree " in German  they added an extra "  m " so "  it would look cooler , " according to Chapero  -- creates hip messenger bags and wallets from the vinyl that is used in billboards . When they first started , they would literally rip down the material from old street advertisements ; now they have hired some people to bring the material to them . It 's a fantastic idea , because as Chapero told me , the material is not recyclable and is toxic if burned , so essentially , once an advertising campaign is over , the vinyl is rolled up , stored away , and never used again . The Baumm guys saw the potential in this , and now make colorful , 100 percent original bags that retail for around $ 30 each . Every bag is hand-made , and literally one-of-a-kind . "  We are giving new life to something we take out of the trash , " says Chapero .	CNN 's Brian Byrnes reports from Argentina on trend for eco-friendly fashion Economic crash inspired a new creativity that 's all about recycling , reusing Indarra DTX is creating hi-tech clothing , installing solar panels in jackets Baumm uses vinyl from discarded billboard advertisements to make bags
CNN  -- The image of the empty factory has haunted American presidential campaigns for decades , but President Barack Obama tried to flip the picture Thursday night . "  I 've signed trade agreements that are helping our companies sell more goods to millions of new customers , goods that are stamped with three proud words : Made in America , " Obama said as he accepted the Democratic nomination for a second term . "  After a decade of decline , this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years . " That may sound surprising in an era where unemployment remains stuck above 8 % long after the official end of the 2007-2009 recession , so CNN took a closer look . The facts : American manufacturing jobs peaked in the late 1970s , according to figures from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . The figures bounced up and down through the 1980s and 1990s before starting to drop steadily in 1998 . The sector employed 15.6 million in January 2002 , according to BLS statistics , down from about 19.5 million in 1979 . They declined steadily through the next 10 years , falling to just under 11.5 million in January 2010 . But then the numbers turned around , rising to 11.9 million at the beginning of 2012 and just under 12 million as of July . But while the turn has been positive , the numbers of workers being hired each month are well below the figures posted a decade ago . New hires averaged about 400,000 a month in 2001 , compared with about 250,000 in 2011 . And as with other statistics cited during the three-day Democratic convention , it 's not quite the whole picture . Manufacturing sector employment is still down by about 500,000 since Obama took office and by more than 3.7 million since the start of the recession in December 2007 . Conclusion : Obama 's statement is technically accurate , and he and other speakers took great pains to acknowledge the still-struggling recovery . But while the return to growth in manufacturing is indeed a promising turn of events , employment in the sector is still at a net loss during Obama 's tenure . Fact Check : The $ 2,000 question Fact Check : About those 4.5 million jobs ... Fact Check : Trimming the Pentagon CNN 's Matt Smith and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Manufacturing jobs reversed a long slide in 2010 Obama touted that turnaround in his Democratic convention speech But employment in the sector remains far below its prerecession peak
Editor 's note : Jeffrey A. Miron is senior lecturer in economics at Harvard University Economist Jeffrey Miron says the stimulus guideline should be -- first , do no harm . CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- When libertarians question the merit of President Obama 's stimulus package , a frequent rejoinder is , "  Well , we have to do something . " This is hardly a persuasive response . If the cure is worse than the disease , it is better to live with the disease . In any case , libertarians do not argue for doing nothing ; rather , they advocate eliminating or adjusting policies that are bad for the economy independent of the recession . Here is a stimulus package that libertarians can endorse : Repeal the Corporate Income Tax : Repeal would spur investment , improve the transparency of corporate accounting , slash compliance costs , and avoid the distortions caused by the special-interest provisions in the tax code . Repeal can work fast , by raising companies ' share prices , increasing cash flow , and allowing corporations to lessen their need for bank lending . Thus repeal provides short-run stimulus and enhances long-run efficiency . Recent estimates suggest that tax cuts are at least as effective as spending increases in raising GDP . The adverse impact on the deficit is likely to be less than the $ 300 - $ 350 billion in revenue the corporate tax takes in per year , since repeal spurs growth and therefore the revenue from other taxes . Increase Carbon Taxes While Lowering Marginal Tax Rates : Reasonable people disagree about how much the U.S. should reduce its use of fossil fuels , but crowded highways , air pollution , and global warming all suggest that some reduction is desirable . The effective way to accomplish this is higher gasoline or other carbon taxes , not the messy , complicated green spending in the Obama plan that will morph into pork in many cases . If higher carbon taxes are combined with lower marginal tax rates , the private sector faces better incentives on both counts . This approach avoids the higher deficits implied by Obama 's green initiatives . Moderate the Growth of Entitlements : The elephant in the room amidst the stimulus debate is the impending imbalance in Social Security and Medicare as the baby boom generation moves into retirement . Without reductions in benefits , taxes will have to increase substantially , generating a major drag on the U.S. economy . A reasonable response is to raise the age of eligibility for Social Security and Medicare , consistent with the increases in life expectancy and health that have occurred in past decades . This restructuring would reassure markets about the U.S. 's long-run fiscal balance . This means foreigners will continue to be willing to hold U.S. debt , so U.S. borrowing costs will remain moderate . Eliminate Wasteful Spending : Most discussion of the stimulus focuses on areas where , according to proponents , government spending should be higher . Much current expenditure , however , is wasteful . Examples include agricultural subsidies , bloated transportation projects like the Big Dig in Boston , misguided infrastructure projects like the New Orleans levees  why encourage people to live below sea level ?  , ineffective weapons systems , pork barrel spending , and subsidies for Amtrak and the Post Office  buses are more efficient than railways , and Fedex is more efficient than the Post Office  . Everyone knows the U.S. 's long-run deficit picture is dismal . We should address this by cutting inefficient spending now . Withdraw from Iraq and Afghanistan : President Obama plans to withdraw U.S. forces from Iraq over the next eighteen months , while expanding U.S. involvement in Afghanistan . It is hard to see , however , that any good arises from dragging out our Iraq exit or from staying in Afghanistan . The government should move toward faster withdrawal , and from both countries . The U.S. can redeploy these troops where useful , or release the resources to civilian uses . Limit Union Power : Later this year , Congress is likely to vote on the card check bill , a new law that facilitates unionization . The law eliminates the presumption of a secret ballot , which means union organizers can pressure employees into accepting representation . Laws that protect unions are problematic . Unions raise wages above market levels , increasing unemployment . Thus the Obama administration can signal American business that it cares about efficiency , not just redistribution of wealth , by opposing the card check bill . Better yet , it can repeal the Davis-Bacon Act , which inflates labor costs in federal contracts . Renew the U.S. Commitment to Free Trade : One crucial danger in the current environment is that the U.S. and other countries will embrace protectionist policies . The U.S. enacted prohibitive tariffs during the Great Depression , and many trading partners retaliated . World trade plummeted , contributing to the economic misery . The Obama fiscal stimulus risks reviving this insanity , since both the House and Senate bills require that certain stimulus-funded projects use U.S. equipment and goods . The administration should oppose these provisions . More generally , President Obama and his economic advisors should state -- no , scream -- that America is unambiguously committed to free trade . Expand Legal Immigration : Radical changes in immigration policy seem unlikely in the near future , but one specific change is compelling : an increased quota for H-1B visas , which go to workers with technical skills seeking employment in U.S. industry . The annual quota for such visas was 195,000 as recently as 2000 , but it now stands at only 65,000 . A major increase in this quota would be a boon to American scientific and engineering productivity . More broadly , expanding immigration is the most effective method the U.S. has for aiding poor citizens of foreign countries and for influencing repressive governments . Stop Bailing out Businesses that Took on Too Much Risk : Popular opinion blames deregulation and private sector greed for the financial meltdown , but the reality is more subtle . Existing regulation was ineffective at preventing excessive risk-taking , and the private sector did its best to profit from the incentives that were in place . The extreme increase in risk-taking , however , would not have occurred absent policies that encouraged such risk  e.g. , Fannie Mae or the Fed 's reassurances about housing bubbles  or past bailouts that cushioned the losses from private risk-taking . One crucial response to any crisis is learning to avoid the next one . The lesson this time is that rewarding risk generates more risk . The U.S. should therefore stop bailing out banks , automakers , homeowners , or anyone else . The libertarian view , then , is that many desirable policy changes involve less government , not more . Even changes that are inconsistent with the Keynesian stimulus framework , such as reductions in military spending , make sense when the spending is wasteful . It is tempting to believe that every problem has a solution , but the reality is not so nice . It is possible , even likely , that the best we can do is fix things we know how to fix , and then get out of the way . This may not ameliorate the current situation , but it avoids making things worse . In economics as in medicine -- first , do no harm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Miron .	Jeffrey Miron : Key rule of stimulus plan should be : first , do no harm He says plan should repeal the corporate income tax , raise retirement age Miron says "  buy American " rules should be avoided and free trade backed Miron : Government should n't make it easier for unions to organize
CNN  -- Brown University was forced to cancel a speech by NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly on Tuesday after protesters shouted at him on stage about stop - and-frisk policies and racism , an online video shows . The video , just under a minute , was posted on 630WPRO . com . It depicts Kelly at the podium as audience members shout and interrupt him before he was to deliver a lecture . "  Racism is not for debate ! " one individual shouts in the video . When a university official asks the hecklers to hold their comments until the question-and-answer segment of the program , one protester loudly responds , "  We 're asking that he stops stopping and frisking people ! " A federal judge ruled in August that the New York Police Department 's stop-and-frisk policy be altered , finding that it violated the Constitution in part by unlawfully targeting blacks and Latinos . The city of New York has since filed for appeal . "  Shut him down ! " another activist yells in the video . Kelly remains at the podium during the ordeal but does not respond to any of the comments in the footage , which cuts off before he leaves the stage . After nearly 30 minutes of disruption by activist students and members of the community , school officials made the decision to close the lecture and clear the auditorium , according to a statement from Brown University , which is in Providence , Rhode Island . "  Loud shouting , persistent interruption and coordinated chants made it impossible for the lecture to take place , " the statement said . "  The actions that led to the closing of this afternoon 's lecture prevented any exchange of ideas and deprived the campus and the Providence community of an opportunity to hear and discuss important social issues , " said Brown University President Christina H. Paxson . "  The conduct of disruptive members of the audience is indefensible and an affront both to civil democratic society and to the university 's core values of dialog and the free exchange of views , " Paxson said in the statement . Kelly was to deliver a lecture on "  Proactive Policing in America 's Biggest City , " with nearly an hour set aside for direct audience questions afterward , according to the statement . NYPD told CNN it had no comment .	Brown University cancels Ray Kelly 's speech in response to disruptive protesters "  Racism is not for debate ! " one protester shouts in the online video The conduct of the protesters is "  indefensible , " president of Brown says
CNN  -- The crew aboard a train that derailed near Baltimore , killing two young women , did not apply the emergency brakes just before the accident , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . The air brakes were automatically triggered , agency spokesman Jim Southworth said Wednesday , noting that a possible rupture in an air line may have caused the emergency braking . But Southworth said the investigation was just in its beginning stages . He added that the train -- with two locomotives and 80 cars -- had been traveling about 25 mph when it jumped the tracks . The first 21 cars behind the locomotives derailed . Rose Mayr and Elizabeth Nass , both 19 , were killed early Tuesday when the train derailed on the bridge on which they were sitting , spilling coal and burying them , police said . Maryland train derailment delays terrorism trial at Guantanamo The derailed train also damaged fiber-optic lines and temporarily disrupted Internet service at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , delaying the trial for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others facing terrorism charges this week , a base spokesman said . The facility lost about 50 % of its connectivity , which is serviced by satellite downlink locations in Maine and Maryland , according to Capt. Robert Durand . The service was restored withing 24 hours , a spokesman for Verizon , which maintains the line , said . Howard County Executive Ken Ulman said that once the initial investigation has been completed , authorities will assess how Mayr and Nass got access to the bridge . They were apparently sitting on the bridge ledge in Ellicott City , Maryland , just after midnight with their backs to the train when it derailed , according to a written statement from Howard County police . The two posted photos to Twitter shortly before the crash . One showed feet dangling over a road , with the caption "  Levitating . " Another appeared to look down Main Street . Nass tweeted , "  Drinking on top of the Ellicott City sign with @ r0se_petals . " The name Ellicott City is painted on the railroad bridge . Mayr and Nass were high school classmates of David Butko 's . He said he grew concerned when he heard about the accident and saw the pictures on Twitter that indicated Mayr and Nass were on the bridge . iReport : Fatal train derailment in Ellicott City , Maryland "  We went to the site ... hung around , but the police would n't let us in , " he said . Nass was supposed to go back to college at James Madison in Virginia on Tuesday , he said . Classes begin in six days , according the university 's website . A spokesman said Nass was an honors student in the interdisciplinary liberal studies program . Mayr was a nursing student at the University of Delaware who was about to start her junior year . "  They were both terrific kids , " Mount Hebron High School Principal Scott Ruehl said . "  Both girls were really involved in the dance program . They were pleasant ; they always said hi in the hallway . " Butko said Mayr was a very funny girl . "  She always had a smile and a joke , " he said . "  She was goofy at times , but could be there for you when you needed it . " Marmie Edwards , a spokeswoman for Operation Lifesaver , a nonprofit organization that promotes railroad safety , said the number of fatalities in 2012 involving people on tracks was up significantly . "  It 's probably just as well to stay away , not just to be off the tracks , but stay away from the train so you know you 're going to be safe , " she said . "  Because it 's hard to say , ` OK , here it 's safe ; there it 's not . ' So just stay away . " According to the Federal Railroad Administration , in the first five months of the year , 178 people were killed in accidents on or near tracks , not including at a railroad crossings . iReport : Damaged rail car CNN 's Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Two women died early Tuesday when train derailed on the bridge on which they were sitting NTSB says a break in an air line may have caused emergency braking County official says he plans to assess how the young women got access to the bridge Derailment disrupted Internet service at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay
CNN  -- World reaction Thursday to the Egyptian military 's toppling of the nation 's first democratically elected president ranged from applause to calls for the return of Mohamed Morsy to power . African Union In a statement , the African Union said its chairwoman , Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , was closely monitoring the developments in Egypt . "  She is particularly concerned about the tension prevailing in the country and the risks that this situation poses to stability and security in Egypt as well as to the consolidation of its democratic process . " The AU 's "  principled position on unconstitutional changes of government " underscores the need "  to find an appropriate response to the popular aspirations within the framework of legality and Egyptian institutions . " The union will send a group "  of eminent African personalities " to Egypt to help initiate "  a responsible and constructive dialogue that would help the fellow Egyptian people overcome the difficult situation they are facing . " Bahrain "  With great honor we take this opportunity to congratulate you on taking over the reins of power in Egypt at this important time in history , " King Hamad Bin Isa Al-Khalifa said in a letter to Egypt 's interim president , Adly Mansour , according to the official Bahrain News Agency . "  We are confident that you will take the responsibility to achieve the aspirations of the Egyptian people . " Britain Prime Minister David Cameron said his country "  never supports intervention by the military " but does not condemn what happened Wednesday in Egypt or call for Morsy to be restored to power . "  But what now needs to happen ... in Egypt is for democracy to flourish and for a genuine democratic transition to take place and all the parties need to be involved in that . And that 's what Britain and our allies will be saying very clearly to the Egyptians . " France "  What matters now is that the next elections are prepared in accordance with the civil peace , pluralism , individual freedoms and achievements of the democratic transition , so that the Egyptian people can freely choose their leaders and its future , " a French Foreign Ministry spokesman said Thursday in a statement . "  We expect from the Egyptian authorities that Mohamed Morsy be treated with the respect due to the position he held . "  We reiterate our commitment to the pursuit of a political transition involving all political forces and sensitivities in respect of human rights and democratic principles , political pluralism and freedom of expression in accordance with the commitments taken . " Hamas "  We do not fear the fall of President Mohamed Morsy , " Hamas leader Ahmad Yousef told the Palestinian semiofficial Ma'an News Agency . Hamas is a militant fundamentalist Islamic organization that runs Gaza . "  We fear the dramatic changes that could cause things to go out of hand and lead to bloodshed , " Yousef said . "  We only care about stability in Egypt regardless of who is in charge . Egypt is a lifeline to us ; it 's a major factor in the stability of the internal Palestinian situation -- it is our backbone . " Iran Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Abbas Araqchi said Iran is concerned about the "  continuance of clashes between the opposition and Morsy supporters , " according to the semi-official Mehr news agency . "  Unfortunately , the unrest during last few days left several dead and injured , but Egyptians should be united and stop the violence , " Araqchi told the news agency . Shiite-led Iran appeared to welcome the ouster of Morsy , a Sunni . Araqchi said Iranian authorities welcomed the ouster of Hosni Mubarak as Egypt 's leader in 2011 and hoped diplomatic relations would be restored between the two countries , but Morsy was critical of Tehran and did not allow it to appoint an ambassador in Cairo . Kuwait "  In his name and the country 's name , His Highness expressed his congratulations to the president of the Republic of Egypt , for taking the lead during the transitional and historical stage , " the official Kuwait News Agency reported . Lebanon Prime Minister Tammam Salam cabled Adly Mansour to congratulate him for his appointment as Egypt 's interim leader , the official National News Agency reported Thursday . Salam also cabled Egypt 's top military officer , Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi , to salute his effort to realize the "  Egyptian people 's aspirations , " according to the news agency . The Netherlands "  We are following the situation in Egypt closely , " said Toon van Wijk , spokesman for Dutch consular affairs . "  But there 's no reason for us to make reductions to our embassy staff in Cairo or to ask personnel to come home . " Palestinian Authority Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said he was "  pleased on behalf of the Palestinian people " to congratulate Adly Mansour on his appointment , according to the Palestinian official news agency WAFA . Abbas "  praised the role played by the Egyptian armed forces under the leadership of  Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi  in preserving the Egypt 's security and preventing it from sliding to the unknown fate , appreciating the role played by the Egyptian people in all its colors and types and sides that stood to save Egypt and deciding a road map for its future in these critical moments , " WAFA reported . Palestinian Liberation Organization "  I do n't see this as a coup d'etat , " said Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the PLO 's executive committee , in an interview with CNN . "  We see this as recognizing the will of the people there for the armed forces serving and protecting the people as they should . " Poland "  It is with concern that we received news of the suspension of Egypt 's constitution and the removal of President Mohamed Morsy from power , " said Marcin Bosacki , Poland 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman , in a statement . "  Such a solution must be treated as at least a temporary freeze of the democratic process initiated by the Egyptian nation over two years ago . What is most important today is that the current Egyptian authorities -- staying true to their promises -- undertake the fastest possible steps to return full power to democratically elected representatives of society . " Qatar Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani on Wednesday sent a cable of congratulations to Mansour , the state-run Qatar News Agency reported . Qatar "  will remain supportive of the Arab Republic of Egypt in its position as a leader and a pioneer in the Arab and Muslim world , " the agency said , citing an official source at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . It added , "  The source praised the role played by the Egyptian armed forces in the defense of Egypt and its national security , stressing the need to strengthen national unity among all Egyptians and put their interests first -- in accordance with the principles of January 25 revolution . " Switzerland "  Switzerland expects to see a swift return to democracy in which all the social forces in the country are involved and in which fundamental human rights are respected , " the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . "  It expresses the hope that a peaceful solution can be found to the current political polarization in Egypt and it calls on all sides to renounce the use of violence . " Syria President Bashar al-Assad described events in Egypt as the fall of "  political Islam , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said , citing his interview with the state-run al-Thawra newspaper . "  You can not deceive everyone all the time , particularly the Egyptian people who have a civilization dating back to thousands of years and clear pan-Arab nationalist thought , " al-Assad said . The Syrian president said he had long known that the Muslim Brotherhood 's rule would fail . "  I said their project is a failure before it began and this is what made the Muslim Brotherhood 's experiment fall quickly because it is wrong , and what is built on a wrong principle will definitely fall , " he told the newspaper . Turkey "  We are deeply sorry over recent events in Egypt , " Ahmet Davutoglu , Turkey 's minister of foreign affairs , told reporters in Istanbul , according to the official Anadolu News Agency . "  It is extremely worrying that Morsy , a president who was elected democratically , was ousted by the army . " He added , "  Powers of Egypt 's elected authorities should immediately be reinstated . " In a statement , the Foreign Ministry said , "  It is not possible for any democratic country to comprehend nor to accept that an elected president is removed from office through undemocratic means other than elections . We expect all due respect to be extended to elected President Morsy in this new period in Egypt as well . " United States President Barack Obama on Wednesday urged a quick return to civilian leadership but did not call for a return of Morsy , and he ordered a review of U.S. law regarding aid to Egypt . "  The United States continues to believe firmly that the best foundation for lasting stability in Egypt is a democratic political order with participation from all sides and all political parties , " Obama said in a statement . Obama said the United States expects the military to "  ensure the rights " of Egyptian citizens "  during this uncertain period . "	NEW : Iran raised concern over the "  continuance of clashes " in Egypt Britain "  never supports " military intervention but does n't demand Mohamed Morsy 's return Obama urges quick return to civilian leadership but does n't seek Morsy 's reinstatement Turkey : "  Powers of Egypt 's elected authorities should immediately be reinstated "
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's inflation rate has soared in the past three months and is now at 11.2 million percent , the highest in the world , according to the country 's Central Statistical Office . Zimbabwe 's inflation rate has soared to a world high . Official figures dated Monday show inflation has surged from the rate of 2.2 million percent recorded in May , despite the government 's price controls . The country 's finance minister confirmed the new figure in an interview but said the rising inflation rate was not confined to Zimbabwe alone . "  While our case has been aggravated by the illegal sanctions imposed by the Western powers , rising food prices are a world phenomenon because of the use of bio-fuel , " said Samuel Mumbengegwi . "  But we will continue to fight inflation by making sure that prices charged are realistic . " In February , the price of a loaf of bread in the country was less than 200,000 Zimbabwe dollars . On Monday , that same loaf of bread cost 1.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars . Analysts have said the Zimbabwean government 's official inflation rate figures are conservative . Last week , one of Zimbabwe 's leading banks , Kingdom Bank , said the country 's inflation rate was now more than 20 million percent . The locally-owned bank predicted tougher times ahead for Zimbabwe in the absence of donor support and foreign investment in an economy that has been in freefall for almost a decade . Once considered the breadbasket of Africa , Zimbabwe has been in the throes of an economic meltdown ever since the country embarked on a chaotic land reform program that has decimated commercial agriculture . Analysts say the crisis has worsened following President Robert Mugabe 's disputed reelection in the June 27 presidential run-off . His challenger Morgan Tsvangirai boycotted the race over widespread allegations of violence and voter intimidation . The economic crisis has destroyed Zimbabwe 's currency and made it difficult for Zimbabweans to buy basic commodities , electricity , fuel , and medicines . Many Zimbabweans have left the country amid rising unemployment and deepening poverty . Last week a summit in South Africa of regional African leaders failed to persuade Zimbabwe 's political parties to agree to form a government of national unity , which observers view as the best way to end Zimbabwe 's record recession .	Zimbabwe 's inflation rate soars to 11.2 million percent A loaf of bread costs 1.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars Official rate is world 's highest but some analysts fear it may be more Zimbabwe officials blame international sanctions and rising global food prices
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has said in a letter to the U.N. Security Council that the international mission to destroy Syria 's chemical weapons is unprecedented and that the team faces many grave dangers . The joint mission , made up of personnel from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the United Nations , is tasked with overseeing the elimination of all Syria 's chemical weapons by the middle of next year . Syrians began destroying their country 's chemical weapons program Sunday under the oversight of an advance team of inspectors from OPCW , the world 's chemical weapons watchdog , and U.N. security personnel , Ban said . Syrian personnel used "  cutting torches and angle grinders to destroy or disable a range of items , " the OPCW said . "  This included missile warheads , aerial bombs and mixing and filling equipment . " A second team of experts will be sent to Syria to "  augment the advance team " of experts in the country , the OPCW said Tuesday . It did not give a date for their deployment . In his letter , sent late Monday , Ban set out the three phases of the mission : establishing an initial presence and verifying the Syrian government 's declaration of its stockpiles ; overseeing the destruction of chemical weapons ; and verification of the destruction of any and all chemical weapons-related programs or materials . Opinion : Syria 's other crisis The teams going into Syria , which include security and medical personnel as well as the weapons inspectors , will have a support base in Cyprus where they can train for and plan their operations , the letter said . At the moment , an advance team of about 35 personnel is on the ground in Syria , but their numbers will eventually expand to about 100 , Ban said . They face a "  dangerous and volatile " environment , particularly in urban areas such as Damascus , Homs and Aleppo , the secretary-general warned . "  Heavy artillery , air strikes , mortar barrages and the indiscriminate shelling of civilians areas are commonplace and battle lines shift quickly , " he said . Given that environment , the mission "  will establish a ` light footprint ' in Syria , only deploying to Syria those personnel whose presence is necessary in the country to perform their tasks , " Ban said . A civilian "  special coordinator " will head the mission and report back to Ban and the director-general of the OPCW , Ahmet Uzumcu . Uzumcu told a session of the OPCW 's executive council Tuesday that the developments so far "  present a constructive beginning for what will nonetheless be a long and difficult process . " Tight deadlines The U.N. Security Council resolution that authorized the mission set a deadline of mid-2014 for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons or face consequences . Under the resolution , the international weapons inspectors must by November 1 complete their initial inspections of all Syrian chemical weapons and storage facilities and complete the eradication of production and chemical mixing facilities . Read more : Refugees inside their own war-torn country The time frame for that work is "  very short , " Ban said , especially given the complexity of the operation and the ongoing conflict . But , he said , the final phase of the mission "  will be the most difficult and challenging . " Over the period of eight months , the team is expected to "  support , monitor and verify the destruction of a complex chemical weapons programme involving multiple sites spread over a country engulfed in violent conflict . " This includes about 1,000 metric tons of "  chemical weapons , agents and precursors that are dangerous to handle , dangerous to transport and dangerous to destroy , " he said . The inspectors will sometimes have to cross front lines and move through areas controlled by armed groups hostile to the joint mission 's objectives , Ban added . The time frame for the phase would be ambitious in the most peaceful of circumstances , he said , but the current conditions make it "  an operation the likes of which , quite simply , have never been tried before . " Syrian commitment is key , says Ban Syria , which has said it will cooperate with the international mission , has made a declaration of its chemical weapons sites . Ban said the success of the joint mission would "  first and foremost " depend on a "  sustained , genuine commitment " from the Syrian government to fulfill its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention and cooperate with the inspectors . He also called for any states with influence over the various sides in the conflict to support the international mission and ensure the safety of its personnel . The only way to bring an end to the "  appalling suffering " of the Syrian people and end the crisis is through a political , not military , process , Ban added . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed Syria in a 15-minute conversation Tuesday on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation in Indonesia . The pair spoke about the U.N. resolution on destroying Syria 's chemical weapons , according to a senior State Department official , as well as the need to move forward on scheduling peace talks in Geneva , Switzerland , involving all parties in the conflict . Syrian foreign minister at U.N. General Assembly : ` There is no civil war ' There has been some skepticism over whether Syria will give up its entire chemical weapons arsenal . A defected Syrian brigadier general , Zaher al-Sakat , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last week that in addition to four secret locations within Syria , the regime is currently transferring chemical weapons to Iraq and Lebanon , an allegation that the commander of the opposition Free Syrian Army , Gen. Salim Idriss , also recently made to Amanpour . Iraq and Lebanon have denied the claims . The U.N. resolution , which capped a month of dramatic diplomacy , was based on a deal struck between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said at least 1,400 people died in the attack . Syria denied responsibility , blaming rebel forces . CNN 's Joe Sterling and Larry Register contributed to this report .	NEW : A second team of experts is to be sent to Syria , the chemical weapons watchdog says Ban Ki-moon : Chemical weapons inspectors face a "  dangerous and volatile " environment U.N. chief says Syrian commitment to the mission 's objectives is vital to its success Syrians began destroying their country 's chemical weapons program Sunday
CNN  -- The pilots hardly had time to react . Two streaks of light shot past their plane as it climbed into the skies above Mombasa in Kenya . Fortunately for the hundreds of tourists on board , the two SA-7 surface-to-air missiles  SAMs  fired by terrorists from a hillside close to the airport missed their target . Minutes later and thousands of feet below , more than a dozen people were killed in a bomb attack on an Israeli-owned hotel , the second part of a coordinated attack carried out by al Qaeda in November 2002 . It remains the only record of al Qaeda firing SAMs on a passenger jet . But if the president of Chad is right , the terrorist group may just have acquired another batch . President Idriss Deby has told the magazine Jeune Afrique  Young Africa  that al Qaeda 's North African affiliate -- Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  -- has taken advantage of unrest in Libya to seize SAMs from military stockpiles in rebel-held areas . He claimed that the missiles had already been "  exfiltrated " by the AQIM from Libya and taken to the group 's sanctuaries in the Tnr region of north and northwestern Niger . "  It 's a very serious situation , " he added . "  AQIM is on the way to becoming a veritable army , the best equipped in the region . " Deby said he was "  100 % sure " of the information , but U.S. military officials have not publicly weighed in on the claim . When asked about the reports during testimony before Congress Tuesday , Adm. James Stavridis , the NATO supreme allied commander in Europe , said he would respond in closed session . There are certainly plenty of SAMs in Libya . Video and photographs have shown rebel fighters posing with shoulder-fired surface to air missiles including SA-7s , the same type fired in Kenya . The SA-7 is a 1960s-era Soviet-made missile , later distributed to insurgents fighting Soviet troops in Afghanistan by the CIA in order to disguise their true origin . But analysts doubt that AQIM has obtained such missiles . Deby offered no concrete evidence -- in public at least -- to back up his claims . He may also have an interest in playing up the al Qaeda threat in his own backyard . Counterterrorism analysts say that Deby did not add to his credibility when he said there was some truth to Moammar Gadhafi 's assertion that al Qaeda was orchestrating the Libyan rebellion , a claim for which no evidence has surfaced . Stavridis said in his testimony that only "  flickers " of al Qaeda activity had been detected in eastern Libya . Given relatively high rates of Islamist radicalization in eastern Libya in recent years , it is possible that al Qaeda sympathizers in rebel ranks could have transferred weapons to AQIM . But it seems unlikely because the rebels ' overwhelming motivation is to topple the Gadhafi regime . A more plausible scenario sees AQIM buying missiles on the very substantial black market in weapons in Africa . According to Andrew Lebovich , a researcher at the New America Foundation who closely tracks AQIM , the organization 's significant revenues from kidnapping , drug smuggling and human trafficking mean that it has the money to buy SAMs . "  If , and it 's a big if , AQIM really did get hold of surface to air missiles and transport them all the way down to Niger , their main rationale would likely be to use them to defend against helicopter raids on their camps by French and other special forces teams in the area . " he said . AQIM appears to have already acquired some anti-aircraft weapons . Geoff Porter , an expert on AQIM , wrote in the February edition of CTC Sentinel , published by West Point 's Combating Terrorism Center , that AQIM has used its rising revenues to purchase DSHK  Dushka  .50 caliber anti-aircraft machine guns on the black market , possibly from West Africa . AQIM has been traditionally weak in Libya , according to Noman Benotman , a former Libyan jihadist who is now a senior researcher at the Quilliam Foundation , a UK-based counterterrorism think tank . The group 's leadership is mainly Algerian , and its foot soldiers are being increasingly drawn from the Sahel region of Mali , Niger and Mauritania . But there are signs that its horizons are broadening . According to a recent briefing paper on Libya co-authored by Benotman , up to 40 Libyans have joined the group in the last two or three years . And in 2009 , Saif al Islam Gadhafi , one of the Libyan leader 's sons , told CNN 's Nic Robertson that several Libyans had joined AQIM 's ranks in Algeria and Mali . According to Benotman , AQIM decided to start infiltrating Libya after the fall of the Tunisian regime in January , after years of avoiding the country because of Gadhafi 's intimidating security apparatus . He wrote that "  in early January 2011 , two Libyan AQIM members left their bases in northern Mali and travelled via southern Algeria into Libya . Arriving in Ghat , a remote desert city in Libya 's extreme south-west on 15 January , they were involved in a shootout with Libyan security forces , killing one policeman , before being killed themselves . This is AQIM 's first known armed operation in Libya . " CNN has not been able to independently verify the incident . Last week Sheikh Abu Musab Wadud , the head of AQIM , reacted to Western airstrikes by issuing a video statement denouncing the intervention as a "  modern crusade " and promising to work to remove it . The SA-7 may not be state of the art , but it has proven crudely effective over the years . SA-7s were among the weapons deployed by Iraqi insurgents to bring down several U.S. military helicopters in Iraq . While most military aircraft are equipped with counter-measures , civilian planes generally are not . Western counterterrorism officials say they are concerned about the flood of weapons from Libyan garrisons now in circulation and the difficulty of tracking them . Most are not as dangerous as SAMs , but some just may be .	Chad president claims North African affiliate has stolen some SAMs No concrete evidence yet of this But al Qaeda known to have enough funds for weapons black market
CNN  -- Three young brothers from Michigan remain missing despite the efforts of police and volunteer searchers working since the boys ' disappearance during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend . Residents in the small city of Morenci , Michigan , held a candlelight vigil Sunday night for Tanner Skelton , 5 , Alexander William Skelton , 7 , and Andrew Skelton , 9 , who were last seen at their father 's home on Thanksgiving . The father , John Skelton , was arrested last Tuesday upon his release from a mental health facility where he was being treated after a suicide attempt , according to Morenci Police Chief Larry Weeks . Skelton -- charged with parental kidnapping -- is fighting his extradition from Ohio , authorities said last week . A hearing is set for December 14 . Although investigators have found "  a number of items , " they have not determined the children 's whereabouts , Weeks has said . Local authorities and federal investigators have been assisting with the search . Weeks has said authorities are skeptical of the information Skelton has provided . Skelton said he left the three boys with a woman , whom he identified as Joann Taylor , the morning before he tried to take his own life -- in part to ensure that they did not witness his suicide attempt . Skelton said Taylor was supposed to take the boys to their home in Morenci , a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo , Ohio , on November 26 , Weeks said . But the boys never arrived . Earlier , authorities determined that Skelton had no "  established relationship " with the person he named as Taylor , and they are n't certain she even exists . Authorities have been asking for the public 's help , hoping someone saw Skelton 's blue 2000 Dodge Caravan that was believed to be carrying the boys along a 25-mile stretch of road between Morenci and Holiday City , Ohio . The last time someone other than a family member saw the boys was at 5 p.m. on November 25 , according to Weeks . Police say Tanner is 3 feet , 6 inches tall , has strawberry-blond hair and blue eyes and weighs about 40 pounds . Alexander is 3 feet , 9 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes , weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin . The oldest brother , Andrew , is 4 feet , 1 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds .	Tanner Skelton , 5 , Alexander William Skelton , 7 , and Andrew Skelton , 9 , remain missing Their father , John Skelton , is charged with parental kidnapping He is fighting extradition from Ohio Residents held a candlelight vigil for the missing boys
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Marshals Service is confirming that it has stored more than 35,000 "  whole body " images of people who had entered a U.S. courthouse in Orlando , Florida . The images captured by millimeter wave technology are more ghost-like and far less detailed than those produced by "  backscatter " machines commonly used by the Transportation Security Administration at airports nationwide . But the Electronic Privacy Information Center , a privacy rights group that obtained the Marshals Service photos , said the disclosure shows that body imaging machines can store intrusive images of people 's bodies and that the federal government will store images in the absence of strong judicial or legislative restraints . The center and other privacy groups filed suit against the TSA this year , asking the court to bar it from using body imagers at airports . The disclosure about the U.S. Marshals Service storing images came this week in response to a Freedom of Information Act request from the Electronic Privacy Information Center . In a letter to the center , Justice Department attorneys agreed to give 100 images of the approximately 35,314 images that were stored on the Orlando courthouse machine from February 2 until July 28 . It called the 100 images a "  representative sample " of stored images . A U.S. Marshals Office spokeswoman said the Brijot Gen2 machine in Orlando automatically stores the images to a hard drive , and security officers can look at an image of the person who just entered the machine and the two previous images . But all other images can only be accessed via an administrative passcode , spokeswoman Carolyn Gwathmey said . Gwathmey said the stored images had never been accessed before the receipt of the Freedom of Information Act request . Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information Center conceded that the Marshals Service 's images are "  not particularly revealing " but said this experience highlights the necessity for prohibitions on government 's use of backscatter technology , which can capture far more revealing images by using X-rays to provide detailed images in or under a person 's clothing . "  The only thing that is preventing the TSA from -LSB- storing images -RSB- is that we keep raising this with them , " Rotenberg said . In written comments this year to CNN , the TSA said images at airports "  can not be stored , transmitted or printed " when in normal operations . "  TSA has clearly demonstrated the extensive steps and strict measures that have been taken to protect passenger privacy , " the agency said . The images released to the Electronic Privacy Information Center were captured by a machine at the Middle District of Florida in the Orlando courthouse . The Marshals Service also tested a machine at a U.S. courthouse in Washington for about 90 days in the 2007 and 2008 time frame , Gwathmey said . During the test , the machine was not used to screen individuals entering the courthouse , she said . That machine was returned to the vendor , and any images that may have been stored on it are no longer under agency control , the Justice Department said .	The Marshals Service used millimeter wave technology to collect images The images were of people entering a federal courthouse in Orlando , Florida A sampling of the ghost-like images was obtained under the Freedom of Information Act The Marshals Service says the images were never accessed before the request
Beijing  CNN  -- Beijing is a city where history and culture are almost tangible . They sprout , grow and bloom in unexpected places , around glittering new skyscrapers , in subway tunnels and in parks . And yet , despite their prevalence , history and culture in Beijing always seem to be teetering on the verge of extinction . No doubt , the Chinese capital has its iconic landmarks that have been around for centuries and will likely endure for centuries to come . There is the Forbidden City , which is the ancient imperial palace where dozens of Chinese emperors ruled the country for 500 years . There is also the Summer Palace , a massive imperial garden built in the 18th century that is on the outskirts of the city . And outside of Beijing , there is , of course , the Great Wall of China . Tourists flock to these landmarks to get a glimpse of the city 's ancient imperial past . Yet , the problem for many other places that are emblematic of an old Beijing is that , in 21st-century China , they are caught in the middle of a collision between history and modernity . In most cases , modernity prevails . Countless "  hutong , " as Beijing 's traditional courtyard housing is called , have been knocked down and replaced by skyscrapers , shopping malls and apartment buildings . In Qianmen , a district south of Tiananmen Square once home to Qing Dynasty scholars and opera singers , old hutong were demolished and replaced by renovated hutong that now house stores ranging from Starbucks to Zara . Yet , visitors to Beijing do not have to go too far off the beaten path to find dingy alleyways lined by what remains of the old courtyard homes that exist in clusters , like islands on the verge of being swallowed by the tidal wave of new China . Further north of Qianmen is a neighborhood called Gulou that is home to the historic Drum and Bell Towers , which have helped Beijing mark the time of day for centuries . See also : Ballet star takes inspiration from Chinese dance The fate of the hutong in this area remains uncertain . Some have been destroyed . Yet for those that are left standing , there is a charm that endures . Numerous cafes , boutiques and galleries are hidden along the narrow lanes . Peter Tan operates a coffee shop called Kaffa Cafe in a hutong called Guowang . Across the street from Tan 's store is the hutong of a family that has lived there for three generations . Tan says he knows other families who have lived in the neighborhood for even longer . He adds that his neighborhood , and many others around him , are popular spots for travelers looking for a less-commercialized side of the city . Tan says that the destruction of the old neighborhoods reduces Beijing into city that is "  just like anywhere in the world . " About a 10-minute walk from Kaffa Cafe is the Bamboo Garden Hotel , which is located in courtyard homes that were once the residences of the postmaster general of the late Qing Dynasty . There are numerous other hutong that have been converted into hotels , offering travelers an authentic alternative to the dozens of international hotels throughout the city . See also : Five top tips for China first-timers Further outside of Beijing , situated on a broad tract of land that was once the grazing grounds for the imperial stables , is Caochangdi , an urban art village that also has an uncertain future . The village was started about a decade ago by Ai Weiwei , the now globally famous contemporary and controversial Chinese artist who was recently arrested , and later released , by the Chinese government . In 2010 , artists and gallery owners in Caoghangdi received official notices from the local government that their studios were on a demolition list . Two years later , nothing has happened , and Caochangdi is flourishing . Caochangdi PhotoSpring , the village 's annual photo exhibition held every April , now attracts photographers and tourists from around China and from around the world , while more artists are moving to the area from 798 , another nearby art district , because Caochangdi is considered less commercial and more conducive to creative work . Aside from occasional Ai Weiwei spottings  the artist still uses his studio in the village  , other notable artists have studios interspersed between housing units mostly occupied by migrant workers and their families . The artists include Mo Yi , a Chinese artist from Tibet who once played professional soccer and now is known for his installations , performance art and photography both at home and abroad , and Wu Wenguang , an internationally renowned documentary filmmaker . While Caochangdi is more rugged than the 798 Art Zone , which attracts thousands of tourists annually , it is becoming an increasingly popular destination for travelers seeking a glimpse of China 's burgeoning contemporary art scene . It takes around four hours to walk around the dozens of galleries that occupy the grounds . Some notable places to visit include F2 Gallery , which houses work from both Western and Chinese contemporary artists , as well as Galerie Urs Meile , which is housed in a complex designed by Ai Weiwei , and Three Shadows Photography Art Centre . Despite Caochangdi 's rise , there are still worries that one day that bulldozers might arrive and that it could fall . "  The people who live and work out in Caochangdi and the art community are optimistic about it and want it to be preserved and to be around , " said Jillian Schultz , international program manager for Three Shadows Photography Art Centre , in Caochangdi . "  But it is beyond our control . " Everyday in a park in western Beijing called Purple Bamboo  in Chinese its name is Zizhuyuan  groups of Chinese gather who are intimately aware of cultural loss that is beyond their control . They are mostly retired and in their 50s and 60s , generations whose coming-of-age experience was during the Cultural Revolution , a traumatic and complicated period in Chinese history when all things cultural , from art to dance to music to literature , were all but erased from society from the mid-1960s until the mid-1970s . In Purple Bamboo and in parks across Beijing these groups gather together to dance the tango , the waltz , the cha cha cha , the foxtrot , mambo and salsa . In all corners of the park loud speakers can be found blaring music while couples , groups , individuals simply dance . The dancers are perhaps one of Beijing 's most charming , and undiscovered , tourist attractions . They are not hard to find , and they are worth watching because they prove that culture in China 's capital is , above all , resilient . "  Before 1980 , no Chinese knew how to dance , " said a man whose last name is Li  he declined to provide his first name  who stood on the sidelines of around a dozen couples dancing under snow-covered trees on a recent morning in Purple Bamboo . "  They come here to dance because it makes them happy . "	Beijing is a city rich in culture , but its history is threatened by modernization Traditional courtyard housing is being demolished , but you can still find it if you look Caochangdi is an urban art village started by artist Ai Weiwei Real Beijing can be found in countless parks where locals gather to dance
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's former security chief testified that he worried at times that the singer might overdose on drugs , but he did n't think he was an addict . Michael LePerruque , who traveled with the pop icon for three years a decade ago , returns to the stand Monday for more testimony in the wrongful death trial of Jackson 's last concert promoter . AEG Live called LePerruque as a witness in an effort to show jurors that Jackson was a secretive drug addict , making it impossible for its executives to know his life was in danger as he prepared for his comeback tour . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children are suing the promoter , contending the company is liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . LePerruque , however , spoke glowingly of Jackson and after his first day of testimony last week he sought out Katherine Jackson to give his former boss 's mother a hug . He was hired as the chief of Jackson 's travel security team after he retired from the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , where he served as a deputy for 22 years . Part of his training involved recognition of when someone was under the influence of drugs , he said . Jackson estate denies allowing expert to help AEG Live Jackson called him between 20 and 30 times from his hotel room "  in the middle of the night , " LePerruque testified . "  His speech would be very slurred . There would be a lot of mumbling , and I would n't be able to comprehend what he was saying . " He would go to Jackson 's room many of those nights to check to make sure he was alright , he said . He appeared to be intoxicated , he said . "  I think he was just lonely and wanted to have somebody to talk to . " Under cross examination by Jackson lawyer Deborah Chang , LePerruque said Jackson 's intoxication appeared to be consistent with someone drinking alcohol and taking sedatives to sleep . Did he think he was addicted to drugs ? "  I would n't be able to say that he was addicted to those , " he answered . The security chief said he would sometimes notice empty wine bottles from the hotel room 's minibar , but he never saw drugs . He also never witnessed Jackson take medications , he said . He described a scary incident in 2001 when Jackson 's children dialed 911 for help when they found their father passed out in the hallway of their suite at a Disney World hotel in Orlando , Florida . Paris and Prince , then just 3 and 4 years old , were "  crying , saying they could n't wake up daddy , " he testified . Jackson woke up after LePerruque performed mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and shook him , he said . Paramedics found no signs of a drug overdose , he said . "  It was my concern that , yes , he may overdose , " LePerruque said . LePerruque said he never confronted Jackson about his drug use because he "  did n't want to put him on the defensive . " To do so might have created a barrier , he said . "  I wanted to be able to be close to him to monitor him to protect him . " The incidents of slurred speech and incoherent late night phone calls did not happen over the entire time LePerruque worked with Jackson , he said . Bad news hurt Jackson 's earning potential , witness says Jackson "  fought very , very hard not to be on the prescription medications , " LaPerruque testified . He told of one conversation in which Jackson told him he was not going to use drugs again . "  Do I seem clear ? " he said Jackson asked him . "  I just want you to know that I 'm going to stay this way , that I 'm not going back to the way I was . " Their late night talks revealed to the guard that Jackson had trouble getting to sleep , a problem that would eventually lead to his death . He told him he could n't sleep because his brain would n't stop creating music . "  He said that as an artist he always had a tune in his head , different melodies , and he was n't able to stop it , " La Perruque said . "  It was always constant going through his brain . The coroner ruled that Jackson died of an overdose of propofol , which Murray told investigators he was using to treat the singer 's insomnia . The incidents in which Jackson appeared to be under the influence of alcohol and drugs became more frequent after the broadcast of a documentary based on Martin Bashir 's extensive interviews with him . LaPerruque said Jackson was "  very devastated " by what he thought was the betrayal of trust he had with Bashir . Child molestation charges were filed in Santa Barbara County , California , after the broadcast . LaPerruque said he never believed the criminal charges against Jackson were true . If he suspected he was molesting children he would be the first to slap handcuffs on him , he said . "  I came out in full support of him , " LaPerruque said . Jackson was acquitted on all charges after a trial . LaParruque called Jackson "  very down to earth , " saying he was proud to have worked for him . "  There were times there were difficulties , but for the most part it was a pleasure working for him , " he said . He noted that one problem Jackson had was keeping up with his cell phones . He lost 27 of them , he said . The wrongful death trial begins its 15th week in a Los Angeles courtroom Monday . The judge projected the trial will last until the middle of September . Jackson 's drug use explored	Michael LePerruque traveled with Michael Jackson for three years a decade ago Jackson would call his guard late at night with slurred speech , he says "  I think he was just lonely and wanted to have somebody to talk to , " LePerruque says Although he was called to testify by AEG Live , he spoke glowingly of Jackson
CNN  -- The federal government has instructed BP to scale back its use of oil dispersants in the Gulf of Mexico , Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson said Monday . Jackson said she believes BP 's total use of dispersants can be reduced by as much as 80 percent . While the dispersants are successfully breaking up much of the oil being spilled into the Gulf , she said , "  we are making environmental tradeoffs " and are "  deeply concerned " about potential side effects . Jackson and Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry , the federal on-scene coordinator for the oil spill response effort , told reporters that subsea use of dispersants at the source of the leak will continue . But the federal government strongly prefers to eliminate oil on the surface through a combination of burning and mechanical skimming , they said . The "  use of dispersant in the subsea means that you do n't need to spray as much  on the surface  , " Jackson later explained . "  The idea from the very beginning was that if you could use it in the subsea ... you would n't need to spray as much on top . " Jackson 's announcement came less than a week after EPA ordered BP to find another chemical dispersant to use on the oil spill after concerns arose about the long-term effects of the substance now being used . Federal officials have been seeking an alternative to the hundreds of thousands of gallons of Corexit 9500 that have been sprayed on the oil slick since April . The product has been rated less effective and more toxic than many others on the list of 18 EPA-approved dispersants , according to testimony at a congressional hearing Wednesday . Corexit 9500 includes petroleum distillates , propylene glycol and a proprietary organic sulfonic salt , and prolonged contact with it can cause eye or skin irritation , according to the manufacturer 's material data safety sheet . The document warns that "  repeated or prolonged exposure may irritate the respiratory tract . " "  I was n't satisfied with the answer that we got " from BP regarding possible alternatives , Jackson said . While the data compiled so far does "  not show a problem with toxicity " as a result of the use of Corexit , it "  seems to me that a month into this and with no end in sight ... we need to ask ourselves whether there 's a better product out there . And BP seemed to spend a lot of time saying why everything else did n't work . " The EPA is in the process of setting up a series of toxicity tests , Jackson said , "  to look at what 's going on out there now and to look at whether there 's a better choice . " Asked earlier about the company 's continued use of an oil dispersant in the face of an EPA request that it use a less toxic alternative , BP official Tony Hayward said , "  Everything that we do with dispersants is with the explicit approval of the EPA . " On Monday , Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Thad Allen -- the Obama administration 's point man for the spill -- warned reporters at the White House that the "  decision to use dispersants does n't do away with the problem . " It simply means "  we are willing to accept the effect of the oil in the ocean rather than on land . It is a trade-off of where the impact of the oil is going to be made . "	Government instructs BP to scale back use of oil dispersants in Gulf EPA administrator says BP 's use of dispersants can be reduced by 80 percent Official unhappy with BP 's response to request it consider alternatives to current dispersant
Concepcion , Philippines  CNN  -- "  Hi Kee-ran ! " From out of the crowd lining the roadside , I hear a voice calling enthusiastically . It 's Rowena and her 5-month-old baby , waiting patiently in line for the latest distribution of relief supplies to arrive in Concepcion . Ten days ago , Rowena was the first person I met in this town , huddled by candlelight with her family of eight in a school . They had been living in the third grade classroom with two other families since November 8 , when Typhoon Haiyan ripped through the Western Visayas region of the Philippines and destroyed their homes . Unfailingly polite , always smiling , and ever courteous , she has become a symbol in my mind of the people of Concepcion and their grace under pressure . Some unseen force has compelled me to pick up my camera and go for one last walkabout before leaving this place . Over the next hour , as the sun sets on this storm-battered coastal town , I meet many of the characters who have narrated its story and provided me with a salient lesson in dignity and resilience . Rowena is handed a token for the distribution by a man named Johnny Franco . Grizzled and tough , he is a local councilor and president of the Fisherman 's Association . He 's also a criminologist by training and a fish processor by profession . The Philippines is a quirky country . Earlier in the week , Johnny took us on a tour of Sitio Puntalouis , a poor fishing neighborhood clinging to a nearby stretch of coastline . He introduced us to family after family who had lost their homes and their livelihoods to the storm . But , tellingly , there was one very important fact which he failed to mention that morning -- his own losses . As I chat with him , the sun setting on the sea behind us , he laughingly gestures to a broken fishing boat lying by the roadside . "  That landed on my house , " he says . And there in front of us is the pile of concrete rubble which is all that remains of the Franco home . Johnny , his wife and two daughters have been living under a tarpaulin and surviving on relief supplies . "  My sister is rebuilding , so we can live with her for a while . She 's married to an Australian , so they can afford it . " Johnny 's fish-drying business has also been destroyed and , like so many other people here , he has no way to make a living . Yet he shrugs and tells me life will go on . Smoke is drifting along the seafront and flaming bonfires of debris are being fed by a group of local people under the watchful and mischievous eye of Jun Garilva . "  This is a community effort to get on with the cleanup , " he laughs . "  We 're not waiting for the municipality to do it . " Like so many men here , he is a former seaman and has traveled the world as a bosun on container ships . Now he is the proud owner , along with his wife Bee , of the somewhat battered Jun Bee Resort hotel . On the day of the typhoon , they were forced to abandon the building when a 20-foot storm surge smashed through the ground floor , destroying all before it . They have tidied up as best they can and are playing host to various foreign and Filipino aid workers . "  I think it will take the town six months to recover from this , " he muses , serious for a moment , "  but we will recover . " Across the road , another sign of recovery : In the dying light , a group of young men are boisterously indulging in the national sporting obsession -- basketball . They have cleared a space among the fallen trees , broken bamboo poles and general debris which has come to form so much of the landscape here . "  Hey Joe , " one of them calls in the ubiquitous greeting for white foreigners , which is a throwback to the U.S. military presence here during World War II . "  Come and join us . " Despite the fact that I have six inches on most of them , I respectfully decline , knowing they would run rings around me . Across the town , there is a reassuring buzz and bustle ; traders manning their stalls by candlelight , a preacher calling to the world through a battery-powered sound system , and light pouring from the local church . Inside , a group of people gather to say the rosary and share each other 's company . This is a deeply religious country , predominantly catholic . Father Tujaha is away in the city of Iloilo tonight . Yesterday he told me he had secured funding from a religious order to help rebuild 10 fishing boats and was hoping to get funding for 10 more . His main mission though , is to find a way to rebuild the elementary school next door . "  We will succeed , " he says , smiling . On the other side of the square , the hum of a generator comes from behind the municipal hall . Inside , I find Mayor Villanueva at his desk working on the local government response to the crisis . For the past three weeks , he and his team have been here day and night organizing , coordinating and administering . Across from the mayor , Leo Ladaquin gives a weary wave and calls a greeting , "  Hello my friend ! Is there anything you need ? " Leo is a farmer by profession , but has been working as a volunteer since Haiyan hit , organizing boatloads of supplies to the outlying islands . I wave back and turn away to hide my emotion , realizing that I 'm undoubtedly the least needy person in this town . And yet people who have lost everything have consistently offered me what little they have , be it coffee , spam or just a welcoming smile . And never , not once , has anybody ever asked me for anything . Leaving the Municipal Hall , I bump into Luna , a native of Concepcion who has come back to help coordinate the civil society response . She is the one who brought us here . As she waves off a mini-bus loaded with volunteers from a church group in Iloilo , I ask her what it is that makes this place special . "  You know , I was just thinking about this last night , " she answers . "  I am amazed by the bond that exists between the people here , the sense of community . " She points to a sign which has appeared in the plaza which , roughly translated , reads "  We love Concepcion and we will rebuild it . " As I head home , "  Hi Kee-ran " rings out through the darkness and I can just make out the form of Rowena and some of her family gathered around an open fire . The kids pose and joke for the camera . Their temporary classroom home has been reclaimed for lessons and they have been moved to a tent . Still homeless . Still smiling .	Typhoon Haiyan struck the Philippines on November 8 , 2013 Death toll tops 6,000 , with more than 1,000 still missing Charities continue to provide disaster relief
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- At least 15 people were killed and more than 40 wounded in battles between the Jihadist militant group Ansar al Sharia and forces loyal to a renegade general in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi on Monday , according to hospitals in the city . Fighting erupted at about 2 a.m. when Ansar al Sharia fighters surrounded and attacked a Benghazi base belonging to a Libyan army special forces unit that allied itself with renegade Gen. Khalifa Haftar , according to residents and Col. Mohammed al-Hijazi , a spokesman for the self-declared Libyan National Army . Battles continued for hours in different parts of the city through the morning hours . Live pictures on the privately owned Libya al-Ahrar TV showed plumes of black smoke rising as explosions and gunfire could be heard in the distance . The fighting in Libya 's second-largest city comes more than two weeks after the previously retired Haftar -- without the consent of the Libyan government and military command in Tripoli -- launched a ground an air assault against Islamist groups in Benghazi . Most of the casualties that al-Jalaa Hospital received Monday were Libyan army soldiers . The Benghazi Medical Center , meanwhile , said the son of its director was killed when a shell hit the director 's home during Monday 's fighting . Hospitals in the city called for blood donations as security forces asked residents to avoid the areas of fighting . "  We remain concerned about the safety of Benghazi residents who are caught in the armed clashes . We urge all those involved in the clashes to spare residents and infrastructure , and urge Libyan authorities to ensure the protection of Benghazi residents , " said Hanan Salah , Libya researcher for Human Rights Watch . The clashes appeared to be the most intense to hit Benghazi since Haftar 's May 16 offensive , dubbed Operation Dignity , against Islamist militia bases in and near Benghazi . More than 70 people were killed in that assault . Without the blessing of the central government and the military command in Tripoli , some Libyan military members joined Haftar 's offensive . The move underscored the difficulty that Tripoli has had in controlling the security situation in Benghazi , more than 400 miles to the east of the capital , since the 2011 revolution that toppled longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi . In recent days , forces loyal to Haftar have launched airstrikes in the city , according to residents and videos uploaded onto social media sites . One of the main targets of Haftar 's Benghazi campaign , which he said is an open-ended war to purge Libya of extremist groups , is Ansar al Sharia , which the United States earlier this year named a terrorist group . The United States says the group was involved in a September 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound , killing Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Anger has been mounting in Benghazi , the cradle of Libya 's 2011 revolution , over deteriorating security in the past two years . Bombings , killings and kidnappings became near daily in the city , and an assassination campaign mainly targeting security forces intensified in recent months . Foreigners , judges , activists and , most recently , an outspoken newspaper editor are among the victims of these assassinations . No group has claimed responsibility for the violence that has gripped the city , but officials and residents have blamed it on Islamist extremist groups that have grown in size and influence since the revolution . Libya 's weak central government has been unable to secure the city , and one army unit in Benghazi , known as the special forces , has clashed several times with Ansar al Sharia since November . Country divided over Haftar 's campaign Haftar 's campaign has further divided an already polarized country . A number of military units , officials and many Libyans support his offensive against what they say is terrorism in their country . Opponents , including moderate Islamists , have described the move by Haftar as a coup attempt . While many say they do not support Haftar the person , they are backing his campaign as a first significant use of force against extremist groups . However , some fear the campaign does not make a distinction between the extremist Jihadist groups and moderate Islamists . On Friday , hundreds of demonstrators took to the streets of Tripoli , Benghazi and other cities in support of Haftar 's Operation Dignity . In the capital , protesters carried a symbolic coffin -- with "  Ansar al Sharia " written on one of its sides -- through Tripoli 's Martyrs Square . Demonstrators hit it with their shoes before stomping on it and smashing it . The latest wave of outrage against the Jihadist group came a few days after one of its leaders held a news conference accusing Haftar of carrying out a war against Islam and warned of consequences if the offensive continues . "  We remind the criminal Haftar and those who chose his path ... their insistence on this dirty war will unleash hell on him and the whole region , " Mohammed al-Zahawi said . Al-Zahawi accused the United States of supporting Haftar and threatened it if it intervened . "  We remind America , if it tries to intervene , of its heinous defeats in Iraq , Afghanistan and Somalia . Libya ... will only show America what is more severe than what it saw there , " he said . The United States has denied any support to the campaign or recent contact with Haftar . Meanwhile , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb released a statement calling on Libyans to fight Haftar . The statement , which appeared on Jihadist sites Sunday , said Haftar was waging a "  war on Islam under the pretext of fighting terrorism " -- a war it said was backed by the United States and financed by Arab Gulf countries . The al Qaeda affiliate in the region described Haftar 's assault as a "  Crusader plot " to stop the implementation of Sharia , or Islamic law , in Libya . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Ansar al Sharia fighters attack a base belonging to a Libyan army unit loyal to Gen. Khalifa Haftar Without Libyan government consent , Haftar is attacking Benghazi Islamist groups He says his Benghazi campaign is a war to purge Libya of extremist groups Jihadist group leader accuses him of war against Islam , warns U.S. not to back him
CNN  -- Iranian authorities have ordered a ban on women from watching live broadcasts of soccer matches at public movie theaters , the semi-official ILNA news agency reported . A state police agency that monitors Iranian businesses called for the ban because "  the presence of women and families at movie theaters increases security risks and inappropriate behavior , " ILNA reported . Movie theaters in Iran 's major cities have broadcast matches from this year 's Asian Cup , where Iran 's national soccer team has advanced to the quarterfinals after winning its first three matches . The final decision on the ban rests with a government office , according to an official with Iran 's movie theater industry . "  Movie theaters operate under the authority of the Ministry of Culture and Guidance , so we 're waiting for their decision in this matter , " Amir Hossein Alamalhoda was quoted as saying . Women already are banned from attending men 's soccer matches at stadiums . Hard-line government officials and clerics say the presence of women at men 's sporting events is not compatible with Islam . Journalist Farbod Jamali contributed to this report .	Women not allowed to attend men 's soccer matches Now they apparently wo n't be able to watch them at theaters Officials , clerics say their presence is not compatible with Islam
Ladies donning their best black dresses , cowboy boots and pearls stand alongside men wearing khakis with tucked-in button-ups and blazers . Anticipation is in the air and the fervor is growing . This is n't a fancy event or church service . These fashionable fans are ready to kick off another college football Saturday in the South . When the University of Alabama and the University of Missouri go head-to-head on Saturday in the Southeastern Conference championship , college fans will no doubt be dressed in their Sunday best . Whether you are a Georgia Bulldog , a Florida Gator or you 're yelling "  Roll Tide " after ` Bama scores a touchdown , a Saturday in the SEC normally means you 're in front of a television arguing over commentary or you 're in a stadium , cheering with your friends . And there 's no way you 're wearing jeans and a team shirt . We ca n't talk about the importance of fashion in the SEC and not talk about what football means to the South . It 's the game of football you hear a father explain to his son on a cool , autumn morning . And it 's football that has families gathered around the television screaming over each field goal and fumble . Bleacher Report editor Chris Cornell says college football is a national phenomenon , but it 's like a religion down here . In the South , the added appeal of college football comes from the lack of promising professional teams . "  Look at Florida . A team like the Dolphins does n't really get much publicity . Atlanta has the Falcons but they are n't really winning enough to keep interest , right ? " he said . It 's the college fandom that reaches bigger heights -- heights that come in the forms of boots , pumps and fashionable football attire . "  We love our teams and want to support them to the best of our abilities . It 's not just about the clothes we wear , but the attitude that we carry as well , " said Lydia Buckner , a senior at Mississippi State University , where she said game-day prep is a group affair . Buckner and her girlfriends get together to do their hair and makeup , and while the girls are in the bathroom , the guys are watching other college games and cooking out . "  Coming together like that gets the spirit up and builds on all the excitement , " she said . In the South , you dress up for whatever you take pride in . And that could be anything from family dinners to a visit to grandma 's . Add a crowd and there 's all the more reason to look your best . "  With over 100,000 people around , you never know who you 'll run into , or if you 'll end up on TV , " said Hayley Taylor , a style blogger and recent Louisiana State University graduate . "  I would n't want to run into a friend looking my worst . " Game-day style has given rise to niche boutiques such as Sideline Sweetie , an online store that 's been selling trendy tailgate attire for women since 2011 . Owner Rosanne Nettles says the idea came from realizing there were n't enough places to find cute outfits in school colors that a woman could wear to a game . At the time , she owned three women 's boutique and formal wear stores in Georgia , South Carolina and North Carolina . Women were tired of jeans and jerseys . They wanted dresses , maxi skirts , and prints galore . Trendy , not masculine . "  Every social event is a big deal in the South . People love to dress up and we love football , " Nettles said . "  We realized that we could not keep in stock red and black , as customers were calling from all over for Georgia and Alabama game-day apparel . As we started to introduce more navy , we noticed that Auburn fans started calling also . " To keep up with demand , Nettles gave the store 's "  Sideline Sweetie " game-day collection its own brand and website . The site is busiest from July to November , with Alabama , Georgia , Auburn and Florida fans among her best customers . "  The Northern and Midwest schools are definitely our least popular , " she said . When it comes to dressing up for football , there are some crucial dos and do n'ts . Talk to many female college fans and they 'll give you the same advice : Keep it classy . You 're representing the entire university when you step out to tailgate . Always dress in school colors , use accessories to dress up any outfit , and above all , be smart about your footwear , Buckner says . "  If you ca n't walk a block comfortably , you 're going to regret it -- senior to freshman advice , " Buckner said . "  Trust me , I know those heels look supercute but your blistered feet will definitely not . You want to be able to cheer and jump without constantly worrying about a wardrobe malfunction . " We want to hear from more sharp-dressing college football fans . What is your go-to outfit on game day ? Send us a photo of yourself in your best tailgating attire . After all , this is what college football is really about .	When tailgating in the South , a team T-shirt simply will not do Lack of promising professional teams contributes to the popularity of college football Alabama and Missouri will go head-to-head in the SEC championship on Saturday
CNN  The second Dallas health care worker who was found to have the Ebola virus should not have boarded a commercial jet Monday , health officials say . Because she had helped care for Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan , and because another health worker who cared for Duncan had been diagnosed with Ebola , the worker was not allowed to travel on a commercial plane with other people , said Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The worker had a temperature of 99.5 Fahrenheit  37.5 Celsius  before she boarded her flight , he added . Health care workers who had been exposed to Duncan were undergoing self-monitoring . They were allowed to travel but not on a commercial plane with other people , Frieden said . Moving forward , the CDC will ensure that no one else in such a situation travels outside of a closed environment , he said . The worker is Amber Vinson , 29 , a nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas . She was confirmed to have Ebola overnight . Now , she will be transferred from the Dallas hospital to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta , which has successfully treated two other patients . It is now treating a third : a male health care worker who was infected in Sierra Leone . Vinson is "  ill but clinically stable , " Frieden said . The first Dallas health care worker with Ebola , Nina Pham , is in "  improved condition , " Frieden said . It has not been determined whether she will be transferred to another facility . Both Dallas health workers had "  extensive contact " with Duncan on October 28-30 , when he had "  extensive production of body fluids " such as vomit and diarrhea , Frieden told reporters in a conference call . CDC wants to interview passengers The risk of exposure to the passengers who were on the plane with Vinson is low , since she did not yet have symptoms , health officials said Wednesday . The Ebola virus is not contagious before symptoms set in . Still , the CDC wants to interview all 132 passengers who were on the plane with her . "  Because of the proximity in time between the evening flight and first report of illness the following morning , CDC is reaching out to passengers who flew on Frontier Airlines flight 1143 Cleveland to Dallas/Fort Worth Oct. 13 , " the CDC said in a statement . The flight landed Monday at 8:16 p.m. CT. . The woman "  exhibited no symptoms or sign of illness while on Flight 1143 , according to the crew , " Frontier Airlines said in a statement . Earlier , Vinson flew from Dallas-Fort Worth to Cleveland on Frontier Flight 1142 on October 10 . The airline said customers who may have traveled on either flight should contact the CDC at 1-800-CDC-INFO  1-800-232-4636  . But the CDC statement , contained in the same news release , said the CDC wanted to speak only with passengers of the October 13 flight . The CDC later confirmed to CNN that it is "  only interested " in the passengers on Flight 1143 . The October 13 flight was cleaned thoroughly after it landed , "  per our normal procedures which is consistent with CDC guidelines , " the airline said . After the airline was informed of the Ebola patient , the plane was removed from service . In a sign of growing concerns about Ebola , President Obama canceled trips to New Jersey and Connecticut on Wednesday to convene a meeting at the White House of Cabinet agencies coordinating the government 's response to the outbreak . Hospital denies ` institutional problem ' Vinson , who lives alone , is in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . The news that she contracted Ebola cast further doubt on the hospital 's ability to handle the virus and protect employees . It 's the same hospital that initially sent Thomas Eric Duncan home , even though he had a fever and had traveled from West Africa . By the time he returned to the hospital , his symptoms had worsened . He died while being treated by medical staff , including the two women who have now contracted the disease . "  I do n't think we have a systematic institutional problem , " Dr. Daniel Varga , chief clinical officer of Texas Health Resources , told reporters Wednesday , facing questions about the hospital 's actions . Medical staff "  may have done some things differently with the benefit of what we know today , " he said , adding , "  no one wants to get this right more than our hospital . " People in the health care worker 's office building were informed when officials went door to door , and also through early morning reverse 911 calls , officials said . The health care worker had no pets , authorities said . Growing concerns about the spread of Ebola More than 120 being monitored Seventy-five health care workers in Dallas are being monitored for any Ebola symptoms , Varga said . Separately , Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins , who is overseeing the response efforts , said 48 other people in the community still are being monitored after having contact with Duncan , who was Dallas ' first Ebola patient . Those 48 are asymptomatic , and Sunday will mark the end of the window in which they could get sick . The second worker reported a fever Tuesday and was immediately isolated , health department spokeswoman Carrie Williams said . The virus is not contagious before there are symptoms . A preliminary Ebola test was done late Tuesday at the state public health laboratory in Austin , and the results came back around midnight . A second test will be conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta . "  Health officials have interviewed the latest patient to quickly identify any contacts or potential exposures , and those people will be monitored , " the health department said . The worker 's apartment and car will be cleaned Wednesday , Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings said . Rick Perry heads to Europe despite Ebola situation Official : Duncan should have been moved An official close to the situation says that in hindsight , Duncan should have been transferred immediately to either Emory University Hospital in Atlanta or Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha . Those hospitals are among only four in the country that have biocontainment units and have been preparing for years to treat a highly infectious disease like Ebola . "  If we knew then what we know now about this hospital 's ability to safely care for these patients , then we would have transferred him to Emory or Nebraska , " the official told CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen . "  I think there are hospitals that are more than ready , but I think there are some that are not . " Troubling allegations Also Tuesday , National Nurses United made troubling allegations about the hospital , claiming "  guidelines were constantly changing " and "  there were no protocols " about how to deal with the deadly virus . " "  The protocols that should have been in place in Dallas were not in place , and that those protocols are not in place anywhere in the United States as far as we can tell , " NNU Executive Director RoseAnn DeMoro said . "  We 're deeply alarmed . " Nurses were told to wrap their necks with medical tape when equipment left their necks exposed ; they felt unsupported and unprepared , and they received no hands-on training , union co-president Deborah Burger said . A Texas Health Presbyterian spokesman did not respond to the specific allegations but said patient and employee safety is the hospital 's top priority . Global epidemic While the Texas hospital deals with its third Ebola patient , the situation in West Africa is getting increasingly dire . A total of 4,493 people are confirmed to have died from Ebola this year , from Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . There could be 10,000 new Ebola cases per week in Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea by the end of this year as the outbreak spreads , the WHO warned Tuesday . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	The second Dallas health care worker with Ebola will be moved to Atlanta on Wednesday The worker should not have traveled on a commercial plane , CDC director says Officials want to interview all 132 passengers on her flight A nurses ' union slams Dallas hospital
CNN  -- A Michigan militia leader and his son pleaded guilty Thursday to federal gun charges two days after a federal judge in Detroit dropped the more serious charges of sedition and conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction against the government . David Stone , Sr. , 47 , and his son Joshua Stone , 23 , members of the Hutaree Militia , face up to 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 after admitting to possessing illegal automatic firearms . Both have already spent two years in prison . "  We are gratified that these felony convictions mean that these defendants will never be permitted to possess firearms again , " said U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade . Federal authorities accused nine members of the "  Christian warrior " militia of homegrown terrorism . The FBI planted a secret informant and FBI agent in the militia in 2008 to record the activities of the group . The video and audio recordings became the crux of the federal case , including clips of the elder Stone making anti-government statements and remarks about killing police officers . But in a trial that began in early February , federal District Judge Victoria Roberts said she did not find that the government 's evidence sufficiently proved that the Hutaree militia had planned a conspiracy against the government . "  The court 's order dismissing the more serious charges in this case was disappointing , but it does not shake our commitment to dismantling groups who would harm our citizens and law enforcement officers , and these efforts will continue , " McQuade said . The move cleared several of the original nine defendants of all charges . The Stones "  admitted that they possessed machine guns , specifically a Bushmaster .223 caliber rifle and a Double Star Corp. .223 caliber rifle respectively , knowing that the firearms would shoot , and were designed to shoot , automatically more than one shot , without manual reloading , by a single function of the trigger , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . Roberts , in her 28-page ruling dismissing the more serious charges , said the "  government 's case is built largely of circumstantial evidence . " "  While this evidence could certainly lead a rational fact finder to conclude that ` something fishy ' was going on , it does not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that defendants reached a concrete agreement to forcibly oppose the United States government , " Roberts said . "  Pick a sentence here , pick a sentence there -- the  remarks were  taken out of context , " a defense attorney for one of the cleared militia members said . "  We always said it was a First Amendment and Second Amendment case , and that 's what it ended up being , " added attorney Michael Rataj , whose client , Tina Stone , is the wife of the elder Stone . The Hutaree militia members cleared of all charges are Tina Stone , 46 ; David Stone , Jr. , 22 , another son of the elder Stone ; Thomas Piatek , 48 ; Michael Meeks , 40 ; and Kristopher Sickles , 29 . Defendant Joshua Clough , 30 , awaits his sentence after pleading guilty to a weapons charge in December . Another defendant , Jacob Ward , 35 , will be tried separately . "  I did n't figure we were doing anything wrong -- in the lines of going out there and doing the trainings -- to me it was basically fun , " Tina Stone said Wednesday . "  I 'm worried for my husband and son . I guess I will be able to live my life a little easier once they 're home . "	David Stone , Sr. , and his son Joshua Stone face up to 10 years in prison for gun charges The judge dropped more serious charges against the Hutaree Militia members "  We are gratified " the Stones will never possess guns again , the prosecutor says
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI visited the main Jewish synagogue in Rome on Sunday , a trip that unfolded amid heightened tension between Catholics and Jews . Benedict was the first pope in 24 years to visit the Tempio Maggiore , or Great Temple . He called on Catholics and Jews to keep an open dialogue and work together to tackle problems , such as poverty and disease . "  As Moses taught ... and as Jesus affirms in the Gospel , all of the commandments are summed up in the love of God and loving-kindness towards one 's neighbor , " the pope said , according to a Vatican transcript . "  This rule urges Jews and Christians to exercise , in our time , a special generosity towards the poor , towards women and children , strangers , the sick , the weak and the needy . " Christians and Jews "  share to a great extent a common spiritual patrimony , " but "  often remain unknown to each other , " he said . "  It is our duty , in response to God 's call , to strive to keep open the space for dialogue , for reciprocal respect , for growth in friendship , for a common witness in the face of challenges of our time , which invite us to cooperate for the good of humanity ... " The visit to Rome 's synagogue is part of what should be an annual Catholic Day of Dialogue With Judaism , but it did n't happen last year . The Vatican had reinstated an ancient prayer calling for the conversion of the Jews , decades after it was shelved as part of 1960s-era reforms . Italy 's Jewish community pulled out of the 2009 Day of Dialogue in protest . The Vatican smoothed feathers by re-wording the prayer . But then it revoked the ex-communication of a renegade bishop , Richard Williamson , who turned out to be a Holocaust denier . Benedict apologized and visited Israel . Then he moved Holocaust-era Pope Pius XII a step closer to sainthood . That rankled the Jewish community in Rome , where Nazis rounded up Jews on Pope Pius XII 's watch , said Lisa Palmieri-Billig , the American Jewish Committee 's liaison to the Holy See . The Vatican says Pius XII worked behind the scenes to save Jews from the Holocaust , but it has refused to open archives from his tenure to show proof . It also says a papal statement outlining the late pontiff 's heroic virtues was not meant to offend Jews . Jewish groups have called on the Vatican to open its archives on Pius XII . The Holy See says scholars eventually will be able to examine the paperwork , but not for several more years because of how long it is taking to catalogue and organize . Riccardo Pacifici , president of the Rome Jewish Community , reiterated calls during Sunday 's service for the Vatican to open the archives . "  The silence of Pius XII still hurts today as an opportunity missed , " he said . The pope might not have been able to stop the Nazi deportation trains , Pacifici said , but he could have conveyed solidarity and comfort simply by speaking out . He acknowledged the church 's role in helping save some lives and noted that Catholic nuns saved his father during World War II . During his address , Benedict recalled his 2006 visit to the Auschwitz concentration camp . "  The rulers of the Third Reich wanted to crush the entire Jewish people , " the pontiff said . He said many Catholics helped Jewish fugitives whom the Nazis were "  hunting down " for deportation to concentration camps . He also said the Vatican provided help -- "  often in a hidden and discreet way . " Yet the pope acknowledged that others remained indifferent . He said the Catholic Church has deplored the failings of its adherents , begged forgiveness for actions that "  contributed to the scourge of anti-Semitism and anti-Judaism , " and looked forward to warmer relations between Catholics and Jews . "  May these wounds be healed forever , " he said . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report	NEW : Pope Benedict XVI visits the main Jewish synagogue in Rome , Italy , on Sunday Pope angered Jews in Rome last month by moving Pius XII closer to becoming a saint Jews believe Pius XII should have done more to free predecessors rounded up by the Nazis Vatican says Pius XII worked behind the scenes to save Jews from the Holocaust
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Before you complain again about living in 2010 and not yet having a jetpack to fly you to work , consider taking a trip to Mexico . There 's only one person in the world who produces a complete flying rocket belt from start to finish -- from the parts to the fuel that powers it . His name is Juan Manuel Lozano and he lives in Cuernavaca , a city two hours south of Mexico City . So VBS sister technology channel Motherboard.tv traveled to visit him at his company , TAM  Tecnologa Aeroespacial Mexicana  . A self-taught scientist and inventor whose technologies have traveled the world from Turkey to Switzerland , from Boeing to the U.S. Navy , Lozano considers his biggest achievement not his jetpack , but a machine that produces pure hydrogen peroxide that he uses as fuel for most of his inventions . Apart from his rocket belt , he 's assembled a rocket bicycle , rocket motorcycle , rocket dragster and a personal helicopter . Then there 's the hydrogen-peroxide-powered rocket belt . While at least one company has recently promised to bring personal flying machines to market , these conveyances only rely on propellers , not jets . But the real thing ai n't cheap . If you ca n't afford the system , priced at around U.S. $ 125,000 , you can pay him to drop by your party for only $ 20,000 . See the rest of Backyard Rocketeer at VBS.TV Among many other projects , Lozano 's working with a group of scientists on a car that will run on seawater , converted into hydrogen peroxide by electrolytic cells powered by solar energy . It 's a project , he says , that will completely transform transportation and energy in the near future . Lozano and his daughter -- the only woman to fly a jetpack -- take his creations for test-drives in their backyard . While he could n't fly for us  he recently broke his ribs and shoulder while taking his rocket bike for a spin at 80 mph  , he gave us a tour of his workshop to share with us his favorite machines and a philosophy of invention built on hard work , self-teaching , and lots of jet fuel .	Mexican scientist devises , builds , tests jetpacks in his backyard Juan Manuel Lozano has traveled world with inventions ; worked with U.S. Navy , Boeing Lozano 's other creations include rocket bicycle , rocket motorcycle , personal helicopter
CNN  -- A week ago , 10-year-old Braydon Nichols started to think about his dad and how much he missed him . Army Chief Warrant Officer Bryan Nichols , a helicopter pilot , had been deployed for two months in Afghanistan . The little boy , in the car with his mother running errands , brushed back his dirty-blond hair and ran his hand over his cheek . Jessica Nichols looked over when she heard sniffles . Her son was crying . "  When is Dad coming back so we go camping ? " he asked her . Soon , she assured him . "  Your dad is off fighting for this country . " The boy replied , "  As soon as he gets home , we 're going to go on a camping trip , just me and him . " Jessica Nichols can not stop replaying that scene in her mind . That 's because only a few days later , on Saturday night , she was cradling her boy who was crying once again . Except this time she could not tell him that his father was coming home . She had just received a call informing her that Bryan Nichols was one of the 30 Americans who died that afternoon when their Chinook helicopter was shot down in Wardak province in east-central Afghanistan . "  It was just so devastating that a week ago or so Braydon had that worried look on his face , thinking about his dad , " she said . "  Braydon and Bryan were so connected . Braydon was like a little version of his dad . " Bryan Nichols and Jessica Nichols met in sixth grade . Bryan was a born military buff . His father was a soldier and served in Vietnam . Bryan enlisted in the military before high school graduation . A few years later , he and Jessica married and had Braydon . Bryan worked his way up through the military ranks . "  He always wanted to be in the Army , " she said . "  He came across the Chinook and was so fascinated . His father flew Chinooks . " Bryan Nichols did three deployments during their marriage . It proved to be too much for their relationship , she said . They divorced when Braydon was 3 , but remained close to raise Braydon . Bryan remarried , and his new wife and Jessica all got along . They all loved and cared for Braydon , she said . It was Bryan 's wife , Mary , who contacted Jessica Saturday night to say that Bryan had died . "  She was screaming , " Jessica said . "  She was screaming that Bryan was dead . " Jessica could n't believe what she was hearing . She hung up . Her heart was beating hard . Braydon was in his room , still awake and playing . Jessica walked toward the room , and stood by his door for a moment , overcome with grief . "  I went to my room and tried to figure out what was going on , " she said . Jessica pulled herself together as best she could and phoned her brother who lives nearby . He came to her house to support her . Together , they called Braydon downstairs . In his pajamas , Braydon stood in front of his mother and uncle . "  I said , ` Braydon , do you know much your dad loves you ? Do you know how proud of you he is ? " Before she could say anything more , the boy wilted in her arms , sobbing . "  I said , ` I 'm sorry ... your ... dad died . " The mother and son held each other and cried . An hour , maybe , went by . At one point Braydon got off the couch and ambled over to a Shih Tzu puppy , Lucy , that his mother bought him when his father got deployed . He held the dog for awhile . Then he fell asleep for a bit , and she went out to their porch . The night gave way to day . On Sunday morning , Jessica and Braydon Nichols watched the national news broadcast the first reports about the downing of a Chinook helicopter . They listened to reporters say that 38 U.S. and Afghan service personnel were killed , including 22 Navy SEALs . It was the single deadliest loss for American troops since the war in Afghanistan began in late 2001 . "  Braydon asked me why they were n't showing his dad 's picture like they were showing some of the other guys , " Jessica Nichols told CNN.com . "  I told him it was because people had gone online and were posting photos . " That gave the boy an idea . The two went to the family computer . She pulled up CNN.com . Braydon started saying , "  iReport ! iReport ! " Like his father , Braydon is an information sponge . He 's always on the hunt for facts , his loves the computer , and he likes watching the news , his mother said . Braydon knew that he could post something about his dad on CNN.com 's iReport . So Jessica Nichols went to the iReport home page . Her son told her what to write . "  My father was one of the 30 US Soldiers killed in Afghanistan yesterday with the Seals rescue mission , " she typed . "  My father was the pilot of the chinook . I have seen other pictures of victims from this deadly mission and wish you would include a picture of my father . He is the farthest to the left . " See the iReport Braydon posted He told her to sign his name . Within hours , the iReport had become viral . Local news outlets across the country reported on it . More than 10,000 people on Facebook re-posted it . Twitter was abuzz about it . Many people left comments , expressing their sorrow for Braydon and telling him to be strong and that his father is a hero . CNN.com began trying to get in touch with the person who posted the iReport to verify it , first reaching the boy 's aunt . Sue Keller of Palco , Kansas , told CNN late Monday night that the boy wanted the country to remember his father not just as a soldier but as a dad . Home and Away : Share your tributes to Chief Warrant Officer Nichols On Monday night , Braydon 's mother told him that a lot of people were talking about his iReport . "  He did n't say anything , " she said . "  He 's been reading it over and over . He does n't understand the people can post comments so I 'm telling him that people are trying to talk to him . He just looks at the comments and then he walks away . "  He says , ` Mom , can we go watch a movie ? ' " Late Monday night , Jessica Nichols said she could n't find her son for a moment . He had disappeared in the house . She was yelling for him . She found him in a closet , curled up on the floor , crying , going through a box of photo albums . The boy said he wanted to take one of the photos and put it in his wallet . He asked her , " ` Can we go to be with Dad ? ' " She replied that they would go to his father 's funeral and they would be there for anything and everything the boy wanted . "  He said , ` Yeah , I 'd like to go be with him when he comes home , and I said , ` OK , we will be . ' " CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Last week , Braydon Nichols asked his mom when his dad was coming home Bryan Nichols was one of the soldiers who died in a Chinook helicopter crash on Saturday Braydon was upset his dad was n't mentioned on the news , and asked his mom for help His iReport post about his father went viral online and on media outlets
Hartford , Connecticut  CNN  -- I knew every last American had been touched by the World Cup when my father-in-law told me how much he enjoyed "  the first few innings " of the Brazil-Ivory Coast match . Needless to say , he 's just discovering soccer . He still thinks a red card is what communists keep in their wallets . And yet , like so many of his countrymen , he 's suddenly been laid low by World Cup fever , whose symptoms include a dull headache and a stiff neck , the result -- in my case -- of practicing headers in the driveway .  "  Practicing them for what ? " my wife inquired . But you never know when that call-up will come for the U-50 national team . At long last , soccer ignorami in this country are becoming part of the international community . For most of this past week , I  an American citizen  felt schadenfreude  a German word for "  joy in the misery of others "  at the spectacular implosion of Les Bleus  the French national team , which mutinied against its own coach while crapping out of the tournament  . That 's three countries in a single emotion , the kind of geopolitical awakening most of us only get in America when walking into an International House of Pancakes . And so I ca n't stop singing that song from Nike 's ubiquitous World Cup commercial , in which Italian lounge singer Bobby Solo serenades Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro with a chorus -- "  Che Cannavaro , Che Capitano " -- that is as insidiously unshakeable as the World Cup itself . I interviewed Cannavaro in Milan a dozen years ago and have followed and occasionally covered international soccer for two decades . In America , I sometimes act like one of those bores who saw the Beatles in Hamburg before they made it big : that guy who feels smugly superior to the mass of fans who later fill the bandwagon . This kind of smugness has its advantages . A fellow school parent asked me yesterday : "  What 's the name of that guy who coaches Argentina ? " When I said , "  Diego Maradona , " she replied : "  How do you know all this stuff ? " Maradona is only the greatest soccer player of all time and one of Earth 's most famous inhabitants , but I kept those secrets to myself , letting her think I 'm a soccer sophisticate and repository of the game 's most obscure trivia . I 'm just happy that more people care , that the next time my father-in-law hears the name Donovan , he 'll think of the American whose 91st-minute goal sent the U.S. to the knockout stages of the 2010 World Cup , not the Englishman whose song "  Mellow Yellow " went to No. 2 in the charts in 1966 . Someday , when my father-in-law thinks of 1966 as the year that England last won the World Cup , the tournament will have finally realized its manifest destiny . It will truly have conquered the world . It 's almost there now . More and more Americans are succumbing . You may have noticed your fellow cubicle jockeys sounding like one of those English soccer announcers currently on loan to ESPN : decrying "  cynical " tackles , praising "  beautifully weighted " passes and pronouncing themselves , at the water cooler , too "  knackered " to work . iReport : Do you have World Cup mania ? Last Sunday , I saw a brand-new Manchester United license plate frame on a car in our church parking lot . The next day , an 8-year-old saw my toddler in an English soccer jersey at the park and yelled , correctly : "  He 's got an Arsenal shirt on ! " These are hopeful signs . In much of America , in the month it is named for , the June bug abruptly appears , reaches maturity in July and then quickly dies off . Typically , the World Cup does the same . But this time , I think soccer , as grass-dwelling pests go , will be harder to eradicate . I know the game will be eating my lawn for years to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Rushin .	Steve Rushin is thrilled that more people are caring about soccer He says more and more Americans are succumbing to Cup fever The game will be difficult to eradicate , Rushin writes
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Tuesday that it would work to ban the sale of some mouse and rat poisons in a bid to better protect children and pets . The agency in 2008 gave makers of such poisons until last week to research , develop and register new products that would be safer than those that were then on the market . Many companies complied , but some did not . Among the targets are such popular rodent poisons as D-Con , Victor and Hot Shot , the agency said . "  These changes are essential to reduce the thousands of accidental exposures of children that occur every year from rat and mouse control products and also to protect household pets , " said Steve Owens , assistant administrator for EPA 's office of chemical safety and pollution prevention . "  Today 's action will help keep our children and pets safe from these poisons . " The EPA said that as many as 15,000 children under the age of 6 are exposed to rat and mouse poisons each year . Children are especially at risk , the agency said , because poisons are often put on the floor and kids will sometimes put bait pellets in their mouths . The sales ban would cover most loose bait and pellet products , the agency said . The EPA also intends to ban the residential sale of poisons that contain certain compounds -- brodifacoum , bromadiolone , difethialone and difenacoum -- because of their toxicity . Professional pest control and agricultural workers would still be allowed to use them , the agency said .	The agency cites a need to better protect children and pets D-Con , Victor and Hot Shot are among the targeted products Some 15,000 kids under the age of 6 are exposed to rat and mouse poisons each year
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Privacy advocates plan to call on the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to suspend use of "  whole-body imaging , " the airport security technology that critics say performs "  a virtual strip search " and produces "  naked " pictures of passengers , CNN has learned . A TSA employee , shown from the back , as he stands in an airport whole-body imaging machine . The national campaign , which will gather signatures from organizations and relevant professionals , is set to launch this week with the hope that it will go "  viral , " said Lillie Coney , associate director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , which plans to lead the charge . "  People need to know what 's happening , with no sugar-coating and no spinning , " said Coney , who is also coordinator of the Privacy Coalition , a conglomerate of 42 member organizations . She expects other groups to sign on in the push for the technology 's suspension until privacy safeguards are in place . Right now , without regulations on what the Transportation Security Administration does with this technology , she said , "  We do n't have the policy to hold them to what they say . They 're writing their own rule book at this point . " The machines "  detect both metallic and nonmetallic threat items to keep passengers safe , " said Kristin Lee , spokeswoman for TSA , in a written statement . "  It is proven technology , and we are highly confident in its detection capability . " Watch a video of the body-imaging scans " Late last month , freshman Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , introduced legislation to ban these machines . Of concern to him , Coney and others is not just what TSA officials say , it 's also what they see . iReport : Tell us what you think about these scanners The sci-fi-looking whole-body imaging machine -- think "  Beam me up , Scotty " -- was first introduced at an airport in Phoenix , Arizona , in November 2007 . There are now 40 machines , which cost $ 170,000 each , being tested and used in 19 airports , said TSA 's Lee . Six of these airports are testing the machines as a primary security check option , instead of metal detectors followed by a pat-down , she said . The rest present them as a voluntary secondary security option in lieu of a pat-down , which is protocol for those who 've repeatedly set off the metal detector or have been randomly selected for additional screening . So far , the testing phase has been promising , said Lee . When given the choice , "  over 99 percent of passengers choose this technology over other screening options , " she said . A big advantage of the technology is the speed , said Jon Allen , another TSA spokesperson , who 's based in Atlanta , Georgia . A body scan takes between 15 and 30 seconds , while a full pat-down can take from two to four minutes . And for those who cringe at the idea of being touched by a security official , or are forever assigned to a pat-down because they had hip replacements , for example , the machine is a quick and easy way to avoid that contact and hassle , he said . Using millimeter wave technology , which the TSA says emits 10,000 times less radio frequency than a cell phone , the machine scans a traveler and a robotic image is generated that allows security personnel to detect potential threats -- and , some fear , more -- beneath a person 's clothes . TSA officials say privacy concerns are addressed in a number of ways . The system uses a pair of security officers . The one working the machine never sees the image , which appears on a computer screen behind closed doors elsewhere ; and the remotely located officer who sees the image never sees the passenger . As further protection , a passenger 's face is blurred and the image as a whole "  resembles a fuzzy negative , " said TSA 's Lee . The officers monitoring images are n't allowed to bring cameras , cell phones or any recording device into the room , and the computers have been programmed so they have "  zero storage capability " and images are "  automatically deleted , " she added . But this is of little comfort to Coney , the privacy advocate with EPIC , a public interest research group in Washington . She said she 's seen whole-body images captured by similar technology dating back to 2004 that were much clearer than what 's represented by the airport machines . "  What they 're showing you now is a dumbed-down version of what this technology is capable of doing , " she said . "  Having blurry images should n't blur the issue . " Lee of TSA emphasized that the images Coney refers to do not represent millimeter wave technology but rather "  backscatter " technology , which she said TSA is not using at this time . Coney said she and other privacy advocates want more oversight , full disclosure for air travelers , and legal language to protect passengers and keep TSA from changing policy down the road . For example , she wants to know what 's to stop TSA from using clearer images or different technology later . The computers ca n't store images now , but what if that changes ? "  TSA will always be committed to respecting passenger privacy , regardless of whether a regulation is in place or not , " Lee said . She added that the long-term goal is not to see more of people , but rather to advance the technology so that the human image is like a stick-figure and any anomalies are auto-detected and highlighted . But Coney knows only about what 's out there now , and she worries that as the equipment gets cheaper , it will become more pervasive and harder to regulate . Already it is used in a handful of U.S. courthouses and in airports in the United Kingdom , Spain , Japan , Australia , Mexico , Thailand and the Netherlands . She wonders whether the machines will someday show up in malls . The option of walking through a whole-body scanner or taking a pat-down should n't be the final answer , said Chris Calabrese , a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union . "  A choice between being groped and being stripped , I do n't think we should pretend those are the only choices , " he said . "  People should n't be humiliated by their government " in the name of security , nor should they trust that the images will always be kept private . "  Screeners at LAX -LSB- Los Angeles International Airport -RSB- , " he speculated , "  could make a fortune off naked virtual images of celebrities . " Bruce Schneier , an internationally recognized security technologist , said whole-body imaging technology "  works pretty well , " privacy rights aside . But he thinks the financial investment was a mistake . In a post-9 / 11 world , he said , he knows his position is n't "  politically tenable , " but he believes money would be better spent on intelligence-gathering and investigations . "  It 's stupid to spend money so terrorists can change plans , " he said by phone from Poland , where he was speaking at a conference . If terrorists are swayed from going through airports , they 'll just target other locations , such as a hotel in Mumbai , India , he said . "  We 'd be much better off going after bad guys ... and back to pre-9 / 11 levels of airport security , " he said . "  There 's a huge ` cover your ass ' factor in politics , but unfortunately , it does n't make us safer . " Meantime , TSA 's Lee says the whole-body imaging machines remain in the pilot phase . Given what the organization has gleaned so far , she said additional deployments are anticipated .	Privacy advocates to launch campaign against ` whole-body imaging ' machines They say airport security device gives ` virtual strip search ' and needs regulation TSA : Technology saves time , improves safety and is welcomed 99 percent of time One critic calls investment ` stupid , ' part of ` cover your ass ' politics in post-9 / 11 world
CNN  -- Ever wish that you remembered every day of your life ? Cesar Kuriyama did . So starting more than a year and a half ago , Kuriyama has recorded video every single day to help him remember . Kuriyama has compiled this footage into a piece he calls "  1 Second Everyday -- Age 30 . " Using only one second of footage from each day , the video shows a variety of snippets and experiences from the Brooklyn-based artist 's life . These scenes range from the mundane , such as browsing Facebook and watching TV , to the adventurous , including a cross-country trip that Kuriyama took after he saved up enough money to take a year off from work . Kuriyama sat down with CNN at TED 2012 in Long Beach , California , to talk about his project . CNN : Why did you take a year off from work ? Kuriyama : Frankly I was burnt out . I 'd been constantly working nights until midnight , until 2 in the morning , weekends and I was n't getting my creative juices off so I needed to take some time off and after having seen Stefan Sagmeister 's talk on "  The power of time off , " I decided to save up enough money over the course of about two years and took a year off so that I could travel , spend more time with my family and pursue my own creative ideas such as the one second everyday project . CNN : Can you talk about the project ? Kuriyama : The one-second everyday project was something that originally started out as a way for me to chronicle my year off from work but really quickly after I started I realized that it was helping me in many more ways . It was allowing me to realize that I could remember everyday that I 've lived ; it was allowing me to quickly reflect back on the things that I had to done , to be able to zoom out from the past month and realize , "  Oh wow , I sat around a lot this month . " I instantly decided to do it for the rest of my life and realized the benefits were far greater than the amount of work I needed to put into it , which was just a quick second to remind me of that day . CNN : What 's your biggest takeaway from doing this project ? Kuriyama : It 's a very powerful project for me . I really do think that putting something together like this for your own personal life , not necessarily to show other people what your life is like but so you yourself can remember what you 've done over the years , could be very beneficial to anyone . CNN : Are there any seconds you would wish you could take back or do differently looking back at those days , at those frames ? Kuriyama : The two seconds that I forgot that were black that just said , "  Whoops I forgot . " I learned from those mistakes , those two mistakes are painful to see on screen but those two mistakes basically led to me never forgetting to do this ever again because I can remember how I felt in this moment and that 's what this project is about . This project is about looking back on the days where I made a mistake or I did something wrong or I feel regret and learning from them and I found that without a project like this that I 'll not learn from mistakes because I 'll so easily forget them . Kuriyama is currently working on a mobile app that will allow others to easily compile their own one-second everyday project . More information can be found here . Brandon Ancil and Richard Galant contributed to this report .	Cesar Kuriyama has filmed everyday of his life for one year for his "  1 Second Everyday " project He says the project has helped him live in a manner he wo n't regret when looking back at the finished video There is a mobile application in development that will help people create similar projects
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- It was no ordinary football match Tuesday in the capital of Ghana , in West Africa . Partisan fans crowded the stands and players in colorful jerseys competed on the field at Accra Sports Stadium . One team was comprised of retired players from the Ghana Black Stars . The other team was unusual , made up of members of the ruling National Democratic Congress  NDC  ; the primary opposition party , the New Patriotic Party  NPP  ; and the Independent Electoral Commission  IEC  . The game was dubbed "  Peace Match 2013 . " Its purpose : A show of unity , and a cooling of tensions , two days before the Ghanaian Supreme Court rules on a sweeping challenge to the December 2012 presidential election . The famously easy-going people of Ghana are on edge , awaiting Thursday 's decision . The drama pits incumbent President John Dramani Mahama of the NDC against his main challenger , Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo of the NPP . The IEC declared Mahama the winner of the December 2012 presidential election with 50.7 % of the vote , narrowly avoiding a runoff . He was sworn into office in January . The NDC has acknowledged there were some irregularities , but contends they were minimal . But Akufo-Addo and two other NPP officials sued , alleging widespread mismanagement and voting irregularities at more than 10,000 polling stations , and are asking the Supreme Court to annul millions of votes . The NPP maintains Akufo-Addo should have won the presidency . Analysts say the court has three choices : It could throw out all the NPP 's election challenges and validate Mahama 's election . It could uphold some or all of the NPP allegations , triggering a recount without the disputed votes and realigning the percentages , putting Mahama or Akufo-Addo in the presidency if one or the other tallies 50 % +1 or more . Or it could call an entirely new election . No one seems ready to confidently predict what the court will do . Nine Supreme Court justices spent 48 days hearing the case , which has riveted the nation . The proceedings were broadcast live on Ghanian television and radio , the first time the court has allowed such broadcasts . They have been immensely popular . "  Ghanaians are very politically drunk , " says MultiTV and Joy Radio presenter and Eastern region tribal chieftain Nana Ansah Kwao . "  We all thought it would be a two-week case . So when it started , everyone was glued to the tele and the radio and every dial was on the court . " Across the capital , calls for post-decision calm and national unity are on billboards , banners , across the airwaves and in published statements from both parties and a host of political and social groups . Mahama and Akufo-Addo were to meet to mutually call for calm and respect for the decision , whatever way it goes . Ghana is one of Africa 's fastest-growing economies . It is the world 's second-largest cocoa producer , after Ivory Coast , and the continent 's second biggest gold miner , after South Africa , according to the United Nations . But critics say that despite the rich resources that bring billions of dollars annually , the wealth is not trickling down to the rural poor who live on the land where the gold is mined . Ghana has been largely free of election bloodshed There is a lot at stake Thursday . In March 1957 , Ghana became the first sub-Saharan European colony to declare independence from a colonial ruler , in its case , Britain . It endured four military coups in the first 14 years , after one of which , three former presidents were executed . Then , in the election of 2000 , it had its first peaceful transfer of power between civilian presidents . The incumbent won a second term in 2004 , but term limits prohibited him from seeking a third term in 2008 . In that election , John Atta Mills of the NDC narrowly defeated Akufo-Addo . But Mills died in office last year , elevating his vice president , Mahama to the presidency . Last December , Mahama ran for a full term against Akufo-Addo , setting off the Supreme Court battle . The decision and how Ghanaians react to it is significant far beyond its borders . Unlike its neighbors , Ghana has held successful elections and power transfers since 1992 without descending into bloody chaos . Just next door , Ivory Coast 's 2010 presidential election led to a bloody conflict that left some 3,000 people dead . In Mali , a coup last year opened an opportunity for Islamic insurgents to capture much of the north , leading to a French invasion . Sierra Leone and Liberia have had bloody civil wars . But Ghana has seen none of that violence , particularly in recent years . Although Ghana 's 25 million people represent more than eight tribes and while predominently Christian , has more than 4 million Muslims , it has no history of partisan or religious violence . Experts credit Ghana 's system of sending high school students to boarding schools in other parts of the country for their education , which exposes Ghanaians to other communities and cultures , for creating tolerance and cooperation . For many Ghanaians , the reaction to Thursday 's ruling will test that . But most think the reaction will be peaceful . If that happens , Kwao says he hopes it will resonate across the continent . "  I think it would be an extremely good message and that all leaders should look at and by all means emulate , " Kwao says , "  because as a continent I think we 've done ourselves in too long , mostly because of political disagreement . So if we can take this to the Supreme Court and we can accept it , I think the other 52 or 53 nations should look up to it say this is the way forward . " There is one thing Kwao predicts with confidence . When the Supreme Court convenes on Thursday and the live nationwide television and radio broadcasts go on air , "  I think 98 % of Ghanaians will be glued to it . "	Ghanaian Supreme Court set to rule on massive presidential election challenge Decision could remove President Mahama from office Calls for calm and unity sweeping West African country Massive nationwide interest in crucial decision
CNN  -- NBC has canceled "  Whitney . " And "  Guys With Kids . " And "  Up All Night . " And "  1600 Penn. " That 's four half-hour comedies axed in one afternoon . And those are in addition to "  30 Rock " and "  The Office , " which are having their final seasons this year . And let 's not forget "  Animal Practice , " the network 's previously cancelled comedy this season . And there still could be more carnage to come . We 're also awaiting word on the fates of freshman comedies Go On and The New Normal , along with perpetual underdog veteran "  Community . " What has survived ? NBC renewed "  Parks & Recreation " for a sixth season today . "  Parks " is NBC 's best-performing show on Thursday night 's after The Office , though it has an average adults 18-49 rating that 's less than one third of CBS ' Thursday leader "  The Big Bang Theory "  2.0 vs. 6.2  . NBC announced earlier that it will partly restock its lineup with a few new comedies . Highlights include Sean Hayes in Sean Saves the World , about a guy who must figure out how to parent his 14-year-old daughter , and a TV series version of the 2002 film "  About a Boy , " starring David Walton as a bachelor whose primary goal in life is avoiding any kind of responsibility until he meets a geeky young boy . ` Community ' finale : The end  for now ? But NBC will have a tough time regaining its former legendary Thursday night comedy dominance . CBS made serious inroads into the evening with "  Big Bang " and "  Two and a Half Men " frequently ruling the 8 p.m. hour . Recently CBS experimented with putting repeats of other comedies into the 9 p.m. hour , raising the possibility of a full-scale two-hour comedy invasion into the evening next fall . Expect more NBC and CBS prime-time moves over the next several days as broadcasters prepare for their upfront presentations in New York City next week . NBC will announce its new fall schedule on Sunday and CBS will unveil its plans on Wednesday . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC has canceled "  Whitney , " "  Guys With Kids , " "  Up All Night " and "  1600 Penn " That 's in addition to "  30 Rock " and "  The Office , " which are having their final seasons this year NBC announced earlier that it will partly restock its lineup with a few new comedies
CNN  -- "  Life is difficult , " said the first line of the first self-help book I ever held in my hands . "  This is a great truth , " it continued . "  Because once we truly see this truth , we transcend it ... once it is accepted , the fact that life is difficult no longer matters . " Though I was a child and barely knew what they meant , the words spoke to me . They resonated because it was 1979 , and I was fleeing a revolution . Suddenly I had no country and no home . Overnight , life had become unfathomably difficult . An Iranian child refugee now living in America , I was a stranger in a strange new land . Now I 'd fixated on some stranger 's copy of "  The Road Less Traveled , " M. Scott Peck 's classic . Self-help books elicit extreme reactions , ranging from "  ca n't stand them " to "  make me want to vomit " and "  poke my eyes out . " As a whole , they 're considered lowbrow , and not the cool kind of lowbrow either ; they 're often used in films as a device to mark the protagonist 's lowest depths of desperation . But to dismiss self-help is folly . This is not just because the genre sells loads of books , audio , video and online products , seminars and personal coaching services . In fact , the U.S. self-improvement market is an almost $ 11 billion industry , with projected annual gains of more than 5 % over the next several years , according to Marketdata Enterprises . The real reason to take it seriously is because here and there , amid the trite and banal , lies a gem that might shift your perception instantly , such as the drawing of the beautiful young woman that transforms in a blink into a haggard old crone in the late Stephen Covey 's "  The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People . " What do the books do for us ? I asked folks to share their self-help experiences via social media ; anecdotes ran from life-altering insights to guffaws prompted by sappy New Age advice . "  I have used them through bouts of depression as well as during happier , more stable times , " wrote Wendy Maldonado . "  If I had n't stumbled across Lundy Bancroft 's book , ` Why Does He Do That , ' about women living in abusive relationships , I shudder to think of what my life would look like today . " Self-help books are like pep talks , said Beth Pilz . "  I highlight them and copy favorite quotes into blank books . " "  They 're good for equipping yourself with skills and insights outside local sources of wisdom , " said Jamie Craig . "  If you were to leave me on a planet with my wife to reboot the human race , I would take ` Jonathan Livingston Seagull ' with me . " "  A lot cheaper than therapy ! " said Jenny Dubner Coleman . "  Cheaper than therapy , but nowhere near as effective , " replied LaToya Baldwin Clark . "  I just do n't like mass-produced advice for really serious issues like depression . I always think of this scene in ` Bridget Jones 's Diary . ' " The scene shows Bridget gulping wine as she sings along tearily to a Celine Dion song -- a self-help manual at her side . Bronwen Safai pointed out : "  Is n't the Bible like a big self-help book ?! " Faika 's thinking ran along similar lines . "  While divine guidance is free , people pay for superficial happiness , " she wrote . "  The public library is free too ! " retorted my cheeky friend , Joel Bass . "  I think we 're seeing the dawn of the science-based self-help book , and some of these have been really amazing . " He recommended Sonja Lyubomirsky 's "  The How of Happiness " and Charles Duhigg 's "  The Power of Habit . " If you were to ask me earlier this week whether I am a reader of self-help books , I would n't have identified myself as such -- and certainly not in the secretly smug way I own up to having read scores of science fiction . But as I stood before my bookshelf looking for my old copy of Covey 's "  7 Habits " the day I heard about his passing , I found it , along with a half-dozen other books that were unabashedly self-help . I pulled them out and flipped through each one , noting the passages I had highlighted . "  People must face that which they fear , " wrote Caroline Myss in "  Anatomy of the Spirit . " "  Resistance has no strength of its own . Every ounce of juice it possesses comes from us . We feed it with power by our fear of it . Master that fear and we conquer Resistance , " wrote Steven Pressfield in "  The War of Art . " "  Apply ass to chair , " wrote Richard Rhodes in "  How to Write . " I even found an Oprah quote scribbled in the margins of an Eckhart Tolle book : "  Let me tell you how the universe works : First you get a little whisper . Then you get a little thump on the head . Then you get a brick . Then you get a brick wall . " I recalled that when I wrote those words , I had indeed looked back and considered the whisper , the thump and the brick , right after I had hit the brick wall . "  Reading fiction is important , " wrote the novelist Ann Patchett in a New York Times piece earlier this year . "  It is a vital means of imagining a life other than our own , which in turn makes us more empathetic beings . " Maybe the same can be said about some self-help books . That they are not as much "  self-help " as they are pilgrims ' notes from the journey of life , to help us define and imagine new realities beyond our immediate perception . And the possibility of what could be , what might be and perhaps even what will be .	Amanda Enayati discovered self-help books after moving to a new country as a child Author Stephen Covey died this week ; Enayati says he offered valuable advice Many dismiss self-help products as trite , but they generate $ 11 billion in profits each year
CNN  -- A lawmaker in the Maldives has died after he was stabbed in the neck , authorities said Tuesday , the first legislator to be attacked and killed in the Indian Ocean country . Police are investigating the stabbing early Tuesday of Afrashim Ali , a lawmaker for the Progressive Party of the Maldives , said Hassan Haneef , a police spokesman . He said the motive for the attack was so far unclear . The killing comes during a period of political turmoil in the Maldives , an archipelago that attracts hundreds of thousands of tourists every year . Trouble in paradise : Understanding Maldives ' political turmoil The nation 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Nasheed , and his supporters say he was forced from office in February in a coup . His successor , Mohammed Waheed Hassan , insists the transfer of power was legitimate . Afrashim was "  a very nice guy , a very gentle person , " said Ahmed Mahloof , another lawmaker for the Progressive Party who said he had seen his colleague 's body in hospital . Maloof said Afrashim was believed to have been attacked as he returned home after appearing on a live television broadcast . Waheed ordered Tuesday that the national flag be flown at half-staff until the end of Thursday .	Police are investigating the killing of a lawmaker early Tuesday He is the first legislator to be assassinated in the island nation The death comes amid a period of political turmoil in the Maldives
CNN  -- Should the government keep its hands off online shopping ? According to the massive response to our stories on a proposed Internet sales tax , many of you think so . On Monday , the U.S. Senate approved the Marketplace Fairness Act . It would allow governments to collect taxes on sales that Internet retailers , from titans such as Amazon and eBay to independent app developers , make in their state . The point , supporters say , is to put traditional brick-and-mortar retailers on equal footing with digital storefronts that , in many cases , have n't been required to add tax to their prices . But in an age when many of us have gotten used to one-click , 24-hour shopping on our laptops , tablets and phones , not many of the readers of our story Monday explaining the bill seemed overly excited at the prospect . "  I will never set foot in another brick and mortar store again , " wrote a commenter using the screen name Riynko  who was perhaps exaggerating to make a point  . "  Their whining just cost us all a lot of money . Let this be the nail in their coffin . " A lot of the objections reflected traditional political arguments . Conservative-minded commenters looked at the bill not as a bid for fairness but as government digging into our wallets once again . "  Its criminal how they tax every dollar you make several times over , " wrote CNN commenter Diraphe . "  They tax your earnings , tax your spending , tax your property , special taxes , tax your utilities , tax your gas . ... They even tax you when you die ! " Added reader CactusThorn : "  Politicians never saw a source of income they did n't want to tap . Then they waste the money on useless projects and regulations . " But anti-tax arguments sometimes transcended the usual left-right battles . Some comments reflected the "  keep your hands off our Internet " mindset that has grown among online users who fear the impact both government and big business could have on a free and open Web . Reddit co-founder : I 'm not mayor of the Internet The personal philosophies of billions of Web users obviously run the gamut . But the Internet has always had a sort of Wild West feel to it , and some commenters argue that is why it 's grown into the unprecedented force its become . "  Watching Congress debate the Marketplace Fairness Act , I 'm reminded of the Aesop 's fable where a man and his wife had a goose that laid golden eggs , " commenter nutemanlll wrote . "  Thinking there may be more value to what 's inside the goose than the golden eggs it laid , they killed it , only to realize the value was the golden eggs . " On Twitter , Cynthia Schames said that 's what she 's worried about . Schames runs Abbey Post , an online marketplace where users buy and sell plus-sized fashions . "  Oh goody , more taxes ! " was her immediate , sarcastic reaction to a post from the CNN Tech Twitter account . "  Abbey Post is a 2-way marketplace . Individuals buy and sell . Only physical retailers and government wastrels want this new tax . " In fairness , the bill as written would only tax sales by online businesses that do more than $ 1 million in sales annually outside states where they have physical operations . That would , at least in theory , exempt digital mom-and-pop shops and the random Etsy crafter . But corporations with tax attorneys on speed-dial have a way of negotiating such things , as one reader pointed out . "  All it will do is rearrange the Internet businesses , " commenter 412ctruth wrote . "  If an eBay business does more than 1 million in business they just have to divide their company into segments . Say it is women 's clothing store , they just create a women 's shoe store , a women 's coat and jacket store , and a women 's clothing store , all doing less than 1 million dollars each and no taxes . " IT pro and photographer Christopher Souser replied to us on Twitter : "  It wont help small businesses , it will only help large retailers . Online and offline ; choking out small online retailers . " Of course , even among engaged Web users , disdain for the plan was n't unanimous . Some people said that with e-commerce as prominent as it 's become , it 's only fair that states should get a cut . Others worried about a future in which Web-based sales destroy hometown operations . "  As a small business owner  and right-leaning individual  I applaud this tax , " commenter imo wrote . "  As a consumer it is not welcomed , but as a small business trying to compete with large corporations it absolutely levels the playing field . " Owning a company with stores in 16 states means having to collect sales taxes in all of them , while major Web players with operations in just one or two do n't , the commenter wrote . "  There are many taxes that I disagree with , but this is not one of them . " For it to become a reality , the bill must now clear the Republican-controlled House and be signed by President Barack Obama . It got overwhelming support from Democrats and Republicans in the Senate , but the House , much like the Internet , has been known to dance to its own tune on such matters .	CNN commenters mostly dislike the idea of an Internet sales tax Senate passed a bill that lets governments collect on sales in their states Critics say plan would hurt small online retailers Commenter : "  Politicians never saw a source of income they did n't want to tap "
