CNN  -- The massive earthquake and tsunami in Japan one year ago understandably raised questions about the safety of America 's nuclear energy facilities . Americans should know that all U.S. nuclear energy plant safety systems have been verified by the companies operating them as well as deemed safe by the independent Nuclear Regulatory Commission . Equally important , the industry is proactively applying lessons learned from Fukushima Daiichi and is making nuclear power , which provides 20 % of America 's electricity , even safer . The nuclear energy industry is working with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission on the steps to be taken to enhance safety at America 's reactors . To further strengthen the plants ' ability to withstand extreme events , the commission will require U.S. facilities to install additional instruments to monitor the level of water in used reactor fuel storage pools and add protection from extreme natural events such as floods and earthquakes , no matter how infrequent they may be . Nuclear energy facilities already have multiple emergency generators , battery banks , backup offsite power supplies , extra pumps and other equipment . But companies that operate America 's 104 commercial reactors have added or ordered nearly 400 major pieces of equipment to supplement layers of safety at these facilities . Under a commitment made by all U.S. operators , the companies will buy additional equipment , such as portable generators and pumps , which can be used to provide power and water to cool the reactors and used fuel pools under any extreme scenario . Additional backup equipment at America 's reactors will add even more layers of protection to deepen the resources that operators can draw upon to ensure power can be delivered to critical safety systems no matter what causes an event . Our industry is committed to continuous learning : checking and rechecking every safety measure to make sure nuclear energy facilities are safe at all times . After global operational or natural events , it is our responsibility to ask again : How can we be even safer ? The nuclear industry is , without hesitation , using what is being learned from Japan to improve safety . Within days of the Fukushima accident , the U.S. industry launched intensive inspections to evaluate the readiness of the operators and equipment to respond to events similar to what happened in Japan , including managing an extended loss of power for vital safety systems , and seismic and flooding challenges . Another view : Our reactors are still vulnerable a year after Fukushima The inspections confirmed assessments by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and state-based task forces that nuclear energy facilities are safe and have identified key areas for near-term safety enhancements . Important operational and preparedness features at U.S. reactors , different from those in Japan , would have enabled them to maintain safety during earthquakes or extreme flooding . Nonetheless , the industry is forging ahead to make those enhancements . In a recent CNN.com opinion piece , an organization criticized these actions , saying industry is "  getting out ahead of the NRC " by launching its own safety initiative . We would have it no other way . It 's in our industry 's DNA to learn safety lessons at any opportunity and apply them where warranted at our facilities . That is why our industry and its own watchdog organization -- the Institute for Nuclear Power Operations -- was held up as a model for safety when the president 's commission on the Deepwater Horizon accident was looking at other industries for the oil industry to emulate . Public and worker safety is our industry 's top priority . We constantly reevaluate our safety practices to see how they can be even stronger . We have embraced this challenge , and our industry is aggressively seeking out and applying the lessons from Fukushima to our operations . America needs nuclear energy as part of a portfolio of electricity options that will power our economy for generations . It is a vital source of affordable , carbon-free electricity today and for the future . To continue to reap its benefits and move toward American energy independence , we must and we will ensure that nuclear energy facilities operate safely . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marvin Fertel .	Marvin Fertel : After Fukushima , industry has made sure U.S. nuclear reactors are safe Fertel : Nuclear power provides 20 % of U.S. electricity ; industry has its own watchdog agency Nuclear energy industry working with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission on safety , he says Fertel : Companies buying more equipment for safety in extreme circumstances
CNN  -- A 48-year-old Utah man was arrested after police said his attempt to abduct a little girl was foiled by the child 's stepfather . Troy Mitchell Morley is suspected of two felonies -- child kidnapping and burglary , the Sandy , Utah , police department said in a written statement . "  The motive for the abduction and intentions of the suspect towards the child are not known , " police said in the suburban Salt Lake City community . A spokesman for the family told CNN affiliate KSL on Friday afternoon that the girl was OK . "  At this moment , she seems pretty healthy and pretty happy , " Miles Holman told the station . Police said there was no connection between Morley and the family . According to a news release from the Sandy police , Morley broke into the family 's home around 4:30 a.m. Friday and found the girl sleeping in the basement . He woke the girl and told her to come with him , the statement said . The girl 's parents were awakened by the sound of the front door and the stepfather saw the assailant carrying his daughter across the front lawn . In the 911 call attained by CNN affiliate KUTV , the girl 's mother describes the moment when she and her husband realize something is wrong . "  We heard the front door open and I heard her talking . She 's just the sweetest little thing . I heard her voice and we ran out , " the sobbing woman says . The dad confronted the suspect and the man let go of the girl and ran . He was unarmed , the 911 caller says . "  But he was saying something that he 's messed up and someone 's going to hurt him , " she tells the dispatcher . The man was later caught while hiding in another home after crawling through a doggie door , authorities said . KSL spoke to the home owner . "  I went downstairs , and he was crouched up , kind of by the back door with no shirt on . And he just said like , ` Am I bad ? Am I in trouble ? ' I just started screaming and ran up the stairs and told my husband , ` There 's a man in the house , ' " Tina Olsen told KSL . After Morley refused to come out , a sheriff 's canine went in and bit the suspect on the shoulder and upper right arm , police said . Morley is being held in the Salt Lake County Jail and has n't had a preliminary hearing , said Sgt. Cammie Skogg , a spokeswoman for Salt Lake County Sheriff 's Office . CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	NEW : 911 caller says she and her husband heard door open and their little girl talking Police say Troy Mitchell Morley tried to take 5-year-old from home Family spokesman tells CNN affiliate child is doing fine Morley will face felony charges
CNN  -- In my previous CNN opinion piece , I explained to readers my reasons why President Obama should not be re-elected . Many keen readers responded : If those are the reasons to vote against Obama , then what are the reasons to vote for Mitt Romney ? Opinion : Why debate is crucial for Obama , too This is an entirely fair question ; Romney 's obligation is to make the case to the American people why he should be president . Here , then , are my reasons to vote for Romney . Business and management career success The American economy is in desperate need of a turnaround artist . Mitt Romney has made his career in the private sector doing exactly that -- turning around failing business and enterprises . During his time at Bain Capital , Romney was responsible for building companies that Americans shop at everyday -- Staples , Domino 's Pizza , Sports Authority , and Brookstone . Of course , not all of his investments were successful and some companies failed , but on the whole , Bain Capital 's returns for its investors were nothing short of stellar . In its independent analysis of Bain 's record , The Wall Street Journal reported , "  Bain produced about $ 2.5 billion in gains for its investors in the 77 deals , on about $ 1.1 billion invested . Overall , Bain recorded roughly 50 % to 80 % annual gains in this period , which experts said was among the best track records for buyout firms in that era . " How to watch , clip and share the debate Romney was one of the most successful venture capitalists of the late 1980s and 1990s . The Obama administration attacks Romney 's business career , but praises that of billionaire investor and Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett . That 's quite the double standard . Perhaps , they should heed President Bill Clinton , who called Romney 's business record "  sterling . " Opinion : Obama , light a cig ; Romney , throw deep Romney 's success did n't end at Bain . In 1999 , he left to rescue the Salt Lake City Winter Olympics from the verge of collapse . Romney took control and managed the Olympics from debt and disaster into a national success . If Romney can thrive in the private sector , where 5 of 10 small businesses fail within five years , and the public sector , where regulations and inefficiencies often stifle success , surely he can help the U.S. economy back to its feet . Executive governing experience Romney took office as governor of Massachusetts in 2003 , at a time when the state was undergoing its own recession . After the dot-com bubble burst , Massachusetts lost more than 200,000 jobs and had a $ 3 billion budget shortfall . Romney closed the budget deficit without raising state taxes , but by raising fees and closing tax loopholes . Although the number of jobs created during his term was ranked near the bottom compared with other states , Massachusetts did progress from shedding jobs to creating tens of thousands . The unemployment rate dropped from 5.6 % to 4.7 % . And he accomplished all this with a Democrat legislature . According to the National Assessment of Educational Progress , Massachusetts topped the nation in eighth grade math and reading scores in 2007 , the last year of Romney 's term . While Romney did inherit what was arguably already the best school system in the country , he continued his own conservative reforms and was a good steward of the state education system in place . Today it consistently ranks as the best state education system in the United States . And thanks to Romney 's state-led health care reform , in 2012 , Massachusetts had the lowest percentage of uninsured , at 4.9 % , according to a Gallup survey . Character and leadership To hear many in the mainstream media describe Mitt Romney , he 's out-of-touch , stiff , insensitive and uncaring . In reality , Mitt Romney , the man , husband and leader , is a deeply benevolent , compassionate , and generous man.Â But he must tell his story . For example , in July 1996 , Romney closed down all of Bain Capital and sent his employees to New York City to search for the 14-year-old daughter of Robert Gay , a partner at Bain Capital . She had snuck off to a rave party in New York City and had been missing for three days . Romney set up a command search center in New York City , coordinated with the New York Police Department , put up posters all over the city , and sent out alerts . It was n't long before the young girl was found in a basement suffering from ecstasy withdrawal . Referring to Romney 's efforts , Gay said : "  It was the most amazing thing , and I 'll never forget this to the day I die . " Opinion : Why you should n't vote for Obama At the Republican Convention , Ted and Pat Oparowski told the tear-jerking story of their 14-year-old son , David , who was diagnosed with terminal Hodgkin 's disease . Romney visited him frequently , becoming a close friend . At David 's request , he wrote the young man 's will and gave the eulogy at his funeral . These are the untold stories of a good and decent man . In 2011 , Romney and his wife , Ann , gave almost 30 % of their income to charity , more than $ 4 million . As Romney likes to say , compassion is n't measured by welfare or food stamps , but by the ability to lift people off welfare and food stamps . Each year he gives millions of his own dollars to help people in such a way . Romney 's plan After four years of President Obama 's failed economic leadership , Romney would bring to the White House a specific , detailed plan for returning to fiscal responsibility and job creation . His plan would cut federal spending as a share of GDP to 20 % by 2016 . It would reform our complex tax code by reducing tax rates 20 % across the board while eliminating loopholes , specifically those for the highest earners , and maintaining revenue neutrality . It would also reduce the U.S. corporate tax rate , now the highest in the world , to 25 % . Under a Romney administration , the largest drivers of our debt would be reformed by giving more choice and responsibility to individuals rather than bureaucrats for managing their Medicare and Social Security . In the case of Medicaid , it would be block granted and sent back to the states . Romney 's plan will reduce onerous regulations and taxes , like Obamacare , and usher in a new era of fiscal certainty for business owners and entrepreneurs . In debates , presidential candidates ' tics and tells matter Romney will also champion energy independence , will approve the Keystone pipeline and stop the Environmental Protection Agency 's regulatory war on coal . Borrowing from his experience in Massachusetts , Romney will push for more school choice for parents and students , performance pay for teachers , and , with 3 million skilled jobs going begging , new skills training for skilled workers . Finally , his pick of Rep. Paul Ryan as his vice presidential candidate cements his conservative credentials as a fiscal reformer bent on tackling the debt and entitlements , something our current president ignored . Romney 's experience and success in both government and business , his leadership in public office , as well as his compassion in private , make him a man qualified and equipped to lead America 's comeback , certainly more qualified than Barack Obama before his candidacy for the White House in 2008 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett says Romney 's business acumen gives him an advantage at fixing economy Bennett : Romney is portrayed as uncaring , but he is compassionate and generous Bennett : He would cut federal spending as a share of GDP to 20 % , reform tax code Romney will approve the Keystone pipeline and stop EPA 's war on coal , he says
CNN  -- France will host golf 's Ryder Cup for the first time in 2018 , it was announced Tuesday . Le Golf National course , on the outskirts of the capital Paris , was chosen to stage the 42nd edition of the biannual competition between Europe and the United States ahead of Germany , Portugal , Netherlands and favorites Spain . There had been calls for the tournament to be given to Spain in memory of golfing great Seve Ballesteros , who died after a long battle with cancer earlier this month . The five-time major winner was patron of the Madrid bid . But the European Tour resisted the emotional draw of the Spanish bid , much to the delight of the French delegation . Water hazard ! $ 500 million floating golf course planned for Maldives They have promised to boost the sport at grass roots level by building 100 urban courses in the country and pledged to increase the number of registered players by 300,000 to 700,000 by 2022 . Every registered golfer in France donated one euro  $ 1.41  to the cause and now the country can expect the big financial bonus from business and tourism that comes with hosting the event . Richard Hills , Europe 's Ryder Cup Director , told the European Tour 's official web site : "  We have one worthy gold medallist in France , who gave us the confidence to believe that they will stage a truly memorable Ryder Cup in seven years time . "  France , as the successful nation , will now be entering into a multi-faceted relationship with Ryder Cup Europe , lasting a minimum of 12 years and benefiting many aspects of golf at all levels . "  All of us at Ryder Cup Europe look forward to working closely with the French Ryder Cup 2018 team in the coming years . " The announcement was celebrated heartily by the French delegation , which included golfers Thomas Levet and Jean Van de Velde , who represented Europe in the 2004 and 1999 Ryder Cups respectively . The last , thrilling , installment , in 2010 , was won by Europe at Celtic Manor in Wales , when captain Colin Montgomerie led his team to victory by 14 1/2 points to 13 1/2 . Pascal Grizot , chairman of the French Ryder Cup bid , said : "  We 've always believed it could happen . My greatest satisfaction is to have brought everyone together to believe it too . "  French golf united and this did not go unnoticed by the European Tour . This huge victory is one for everyone connected to French golf . " Regarding Ballesteros he added : "  We all remember Severiano Ballesteros as an icon in our sport and someone who epitomized the spirit of the Ryder Cup . He is in our thoughts today . " Georges Barbaret , President of the French Golf Federation , added : "  I ca n't wait for 2018 . We have always believed in the link between culture and sport which I 'm sure will make the Ryder Cup in France a unique event that will leave everlasting memories . "	France have won the right to host golf 's Ryder Cup in 2018 The biannual event is contested between teams of 12 from Europe and the United States The French bid beat competition from Spain , Netherlands , Germany and Portugal Europe won the the last tournament in 2010 , held at Celtic Manor in Wales
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- An international medical group has cleared a South Korean biopharmaceutical company in the deaths of two patients following stem cell procedures in other countries . "  It is not our conclusion that stem cells killed these patients , " David Audley , the executive director of the International Cellular Medicine Society  ICMS  , said in a news conference in Seoul Tuesday . The South Korean media reported last month that two patients who had received stem cell procedures in Japan and China had died , and cited allegations that RNL Bio had lured clients to clinics overseas to skirt domestic laws banning stem cell treatment . The ICMS refuted the charges , citing forensic evidence it had gathered from RNL Bio , medical records and interviews from Japan and China . "  It is very important that we distinguish the words cause and correlation , " said bioethicist Glenn McGee , who participated in the ICMS investigation . He explained that the dangers of the medical procedures undertaken in the treatments does not mean the stem cells used in the therapy are dangerous . The ICMS is the largest multinational group of physicians studying the use of adult stem cells and tracks the cases of about 700 patients around the world who receive treatment . Potential dangers cited in the media about carcinogenic cell growth pertain only to embryonic stem cells and is unrelated to the treatment with adult stem cells that is cited in the investigation , according to the group . No deaths have been reported in the cases registered with the society , according to Audley . The two patients from RNL were not registered with the ICMS , although the bio company does participate in patient registry with the group . In the first of the two cases , a 61-year-old man traveled to China for treatment with stem cells provided by RNL for diabetes and other ailments . He died two months later . His cause of death has not been determined , but it is "  unlikely " the result of the stem cell procedure , according to the ICMS . The death of a 73-year-old former surgeon , who died on the same day he was treated in Japan , "  was due to a pre-existing blood clot that traveled to the lungs , and may have been precipitated by the procedure used to infuse the stem cells , or less probably , from a clot formed by the cells , " according to the ICMS findings published on the group 's website . Stem cell banking is allowed in clinics such as RNL Bio , which specializes in extracting , cultivating and storing adult stem cells obtained from fatty tissue of patients . Patients are only able to receive treatment with these stored cells overseas , and RNL Bio regularly refers patients to clinics in other countries that are determined capable of using their stem cells . No financial exchanges are made for these referrals , according to Kim Ju-sun , the company 's public relations director . The ICMS also concluded in its report that no financial transaction could be traced to RNL Bio from the clinics that conducted the stem cell treatments . Under South Korean regulations , stem cell treatments are not authorized and can only be used in clinical trials approved by the Korea Food and Drug Administration  KFDA  . The KFDA and the Ministry of Welfare announced they will conduct an investigation into the potential dangers of unauthorized stem cell treatment in the country and create countermeasures , according to a statement from the KFDA .	Two patients die following stem cell treatments in China and Japan An independent group says the deaths are not due to the treatments Such procedures are not permitted in South Korea
EW.com  -- It 's bizarre to think that 2 Guns and The Smurfs 2 are competitors in any regard , but the pics happened to open in theaters on the same weekend . While the R-rated , buddy thriller and the PG-rated CG and live action sequel about some mystical blue creatures probably are n't drawing the same audience , in the wold of box office returns , only the winner matters . And it turns out that more people turned out for the male-dominated violent comedy than for another kid-friendly sequel . 2 Guns  CinemaScore : B +  opened at first place , earning an estimated $ 27.4 million for the weekend . This is a squarely solid opening for stars Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg . According to exit polls , males , who comprised about 51 percent of the audience , gave the movie an A -- CinemaScore . For director Baltasar KormÃ ¡ kur  The Deep  , this opening is a career high . The charisma and chemistry of two stars seems key to the appeal , especially for a movie with such an ambiguous and generic "  action " title . Playing in 3,025 locations and averaging about $ 9,025 per screen , 2 Guns exceeded Universal 's expectations for the weekend , which had put the movie in the $ 20 million range . Co-financed by Emmett/Furla Films and Foresight Unlimited with an estimated production budget of about $ 61 million , the big question is : How the movie will fare in weeks to come ? It remains to be seen whether or not the solid reviews and word-of-mouth buzz can help make it significant hit . The Wolverine fell about 59.1 % from its opening weekend to bring in about $ 21.7 million during this frame . Playing on 3,924 screens , Fox 's $ 120 million X-Men pic now boasts a domestic total of $ 95 million . Overseas , the well-reviewed Hugh Jackman-starrer has made an estimated $ 160.2 million , bringing its worldwide total to $ 255.2 million . The third place spot went to The Smurfs 2  CinemaScore : A --  , which made about $ 18.2 million over the three-day weekend , bringing its domestic total up to $ 27.8 million . As we mentioned about yesterday , the domestic returns do n't really matter around this sequel , as it 's all about how the movie  made for $ 105 million  performs internationally . Playing in 43 overseas markets , The Smurfs 2 made about $ 52.5 million overseas . Worldwide , it has taken $ 80.3 million . Though it will be pitted against the other animated offerings of the season , The Smurfs 2 is really only competing with the success of its 2011 predecessor , which made $ 536.7 million worldwide  $ 421.1 million of which was overseas  . The Conjuring blew past the $ 100 million mark , adding a $ 13.7 million weekend . Unlike most of the movies on the slate , The Conjuring actually added theaters to its count , helping to account for a modest 38.5 percent drop from the previous weekend . After three weeks in theaters , director James Wan 's horror film has made about $ 108.6 million and looks poised to continue its streak in the weeks to come , especially considering it 'll exist without direct competition until You 're Next opens on August 23 . Despicable Me 2 came in fifth place this weekend with about $ 10.4 million . After five weeks in theaters , the animated juggernaut is the second-highest-performing movie of the year , behind only Iron Man 3 . So far , the sequel has also brought in about $ 387 million internationally , with a global total of $ 713.7 million . Here 's an at-a-glance view of the top 5 : 1 . 2 Guns -- $ 27.4 million 2 . The Wolverine -- $ 21.7 million 3 . The Smurfs 2 -- $ 18.2 million 4 . The Conjuring -- $ 13.7 million 5 . Despicable Me 2 -- $ 10.4 million The Spectacular Now also opened this weekend in four theaters  in New York and Los Angeles  to about $ 200,000 , with a $ 50,000 location average . The lauded high school-set , coming-of-age drama starring Miles Teller and Shailene Woodley has garnered significant buzz since opening at the Sundance Film Festival in February and could be another gigantic hit for new film distributor A24  Spring Breakers , The Bling Ring  . Next weekend should be exciting in the box office race : We 're the Millers and Percy Jackson : Sea of Monsters both open on Wednesday , while Elysuim and Planes hit theaters on Friday . It will be interesting to see how a comedy , a sci-fi dystopia pic , and another animated feature will factor into the game , and whether or not they 'll all be able to secure top spots in the rankings . Be sure to check back in on Thursday for our predictions . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  2 Guns " and "  The Smurfs 2 " opened the same weekend "  The Smurfs 2 " came in third behind "  The Wolverine " "  Despicable Me 2 " the second highest-performing movie of the year
CNN  Rafael Nadal firmly put to rest fears over his form and fitness with a straight sets demolition of big-serving South African Kevin Anderson Sunday to reach the Australian Open quarterfinals . Nadal came into the opening grand slam of the season short of match practice and survived an almighty scare when sick on court and taken to five sets by American Tim Smyczek in the second round . But with each passing match , the world number three looks to be building momentum . He took just over two hours to see off 15th-ranked Anderson 7-5 6-1 6-4 on the Rod Laver Arena . The Spaniard oozed confidence after his victory as he bids for his second Australian Open title . "  After a tough period of time for me it 's a fantastic result and I 'm very happy with the way I played today , " he said in his courtside interview . "  It was probably my best match here this year so that 's very important for me and very special . " Nadal , beaten by Stanislas Wawrinka in a dramatic final in Melbourne last year , will face Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych in the last eight . Berdych will doubtless prove a dangerous opponent and showed his intentions with a straight sets victory over Australian hope Bernard Tomic in their last 16 clash Sunday , but he has a 3-18 career record against Nadal . The route to the final in that half of the draw has been eased by the upset exit of second seed Roger Federer to Andreas Seppi of Italy Friday . Seppi looked set to build on those heroics when he took a two-set lead against the poster boy of the championships , 19-year-old Nick Krygios , but the Australian teenager was made of sterner stuff . He fought back to level -- saving a match point in the fourth set -- and amid a mounting frenzy on the Hisense Arena took the deciding set 8-6 after over three and a half hours of riveting action . The 5-7 4-6 6-3 7-6 8-6 victory earned him a quarterfinal against two-time grand slam champion Andy Murray . The British star 's match with Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov on the Rod Laver Arena was briefly interrupted by fans cheering Krygios ' victory and there is a sure to be a partisan following for Tuesday 's intriguing clash with a semifinal berth at stake . Murray had to dig deep to avenge his Wimbledon defeat last year to Dimitrov , rallying from 2-5 down in the fourth set before closing out a 6-4 6-7 6-3 7-5 victory . In the women 's singles , Maria Sharapova and Eugenie Bouchard set up their eagerly-awaited quarterfinal clash with contrasting victories Sunday . Second seed Sharapova was rarely troubled in dispatching 21st seed Peng Shuai of China , 6-3 6-0 , while Canadian Bouchard struggled to defeat Irina-Camelia Begu of Romania 6-1 5-7 6-2 . Bouchard , who has had to cope with increased media attention after the "  Twirlgate " controversy , lost concentration to drop the second set , but was impressive in the opener and the decider . She has never beaten Sharapova , one of her inspirations but came close in the semifinals of last year 's French Open . Five-time grand slam winner Sharapova conceded as much when asked to reflect on the upcoming clash Tuesday . "  It was a really tough three setter . She 's been playing incredibly well -- confident aggressive tennis . I have a tough match ahead of me , " she said . Third seed Simona Halep of Romania later joined them in the last eight , battling past Belgian Yanina Wickmayer 6-4 6-2 to earn a match with Russian 10th seed Ekaterina Makarova .	Rafael Nadal into quarterfinals of Australian Open Eugenie Bouchard and Maria Sharapova to meet in women 's quarters Nick Krygios wins five-set thriller against Andreas Seppi Australian hope will play Andy Murray in the last eight
CNN  -- Barclays CEO Bob Diamond and COO Jerry del Missier have resigned in the wake of the interest rate-fixing scandal that has rocked the bank . The resignations come less than a week after Barclays , one of the world 's largest banks , was fined $ 450 million by British and U.S. regulators after admitting it purposely under-reported its interest rates as part of LIBOR  London interbank Offered Rate  -- an interest rate floor between big banks that is set in London each trading morning . CNN interviewed analyst Ralph Silva , a former investment banker with more than 20 years experience in the financial services sector , about Diamond 's resignation and what it means for the future of banking culture . What does Diamond 's resignation mean ? Bob Diamond 's resignation sets a precedent -- we have to realize that Barclays was the first of 15 banks that are under investigation for LIBOR manipulation . Let 's say that even half of those banks come to the same conclusion and are fined by the regulators . Does this mean we 're going to lose seven or eight of the most powerful bank CEOs in the world ? If that 's the case then this signals a complete and radical cultural change within the financial services industry , and the whole industry will change because of this . And that 's why Barclays were so important to get this right . This was an unforgivable situation for one simple reason : this affects the public . When banks beat up on each other , who cares ? When banks beat up on professional investors -- high net worth individuals , people who should know better -- who cares ? But when you start messing with grandmothers ' pensions , everyone cares , and that 's why this is a game-changer . Explain how this scandal has affected the public ? The LIBOR rates for different currencies are directly connected to 99 % of all  commercial  banking products -- mortgages , credit cards , and payouts for things like pensions are all based on LIBOR rates . So if banks are manipulating LIBOR rates , what they 're basically doing is taking money out of the public 's pocket , because their mortgage rates change , because their interest rates change , their loans/credit cards change -- or their pension income changes . Various LIBOR rates are determined each day for different currencies  dollar , yen , euro  around the world , and these rates are the benchmark by which commercial banking operations around the world are conducted each day in those respective currencies . What side of the bank was most interested in LIBOR ? This would be the investment bank , because they make money on LIBOR day in and day out . As head of the Barclays investment wing when LIBOR was being manipulated , is n't it hard to believe Bob Diamond did n't know it was going on ? Actually it is believable , because it 's about 15 people globally who handle LIBOR -- 15 people who pick up the phone and talk to their colleagues and say : "  Let 's make LIBOR this today , " so he would n't know about these conversations , so we do n't blame him or think what he did was criminal -- what we think was that he should 've had more oversight at the bank . How will this actually be a culture change ? Wo n't it be a slap on the wrist ? The new management coming in is going to have to say "  we have to look at every part of the bank that affects the public , and we have to have so many checks and balances that absolutely nothing can happen . " Up to this point , if you 're a banker and you screw the public , whatever -- the assumption was that the net benefit to the economy of your bank was greater than one or two individuals  in the public  . What we 're saying now is "  no , if you screw one person , you 're out of here -- you screw another bank , a professional investor , go ahead -- but if you screw a grandmother  out of money  , you 're out . " The next Barclays boss will be from the same banking culture as Bob Diamond . What will be different ? The change is very simple -- now they know they can get fired for those things . Before they thought they were untouchable . The problem with culture is the degrees of separation -- these guys know the price of a bottle of Dom Perignon , but you ask them the price of a pint of milk and they have absolutely no clue . The new management will come on and say , "  I have to know the price of a pint of milk , I have to know what people pay on a mortgage , and I have to make sure that whatever I do at this bank is n't going to affect that . " And that 's a great change . It 's something we need . What qualities will a bank boss in this "  new culture " need ? The next boss needs to be a general . Before a boss would only worry about money -- as long as at the end of the year the bottom line says you were profitable -- that 's not enough anymore . You have to profitable , but you have to be moral as well . More morality in banking is exactly what we 're talking about -- the culture has to be moral , what happened here is n't about money , it 's a morality issue . Where has this push for "  moral " banking come from ? Banks are no longer on a pedestal . All of a sudden banks and grocery stores are at the same level -- we would n't accept a supermarket selling us spoiled bananas . Historically , whatever the banks said we would do , but now we wo n't accept that anymore . People are saying , ` hold on , you 're a business like any other business , you make money off our backs , so do what I tell you to do . ' I remember the days when banks opened at 10:00 a.m. and closed at 3:00 p.m. with an hour for lunch . So you had to change your entire life to deal with the banks . Those days are over . The change is that the public understands what banks are doing and all of a sudden we say there are alternatives -- I can put my money into Tesco , Tesco has a bank . Other supermarkets have banks . I can get a credit card at Starbucks . So all of a sudden the banks are realizing they need to start doing the right thing . How big is the LIBOR scandal going to get ? This is a potential scandal for the 15 biggest banks in the world , because they 're the only ones who play with LIBOR rates -- these are huge organizations , which also poses some risk . These are enormous organizations employing millions of people . The biggest problem with the Bob Diamond thing is people may believe that all bankers are evil . Fifteen guys cause LIBOR rates , and if the police have their say they 're going to be in prison . But a million other people working for a bank get up and do an honest day 's work for an honest living , they send their kids to school , they 're honest people . We should n't paint everyone with the same brush . How many people determine LIBOR ? Is the system going to change because of this scandal ? It usually ends up being one person at each bank who determines LIBOR for the day . A bank determines what they want LIBOR to be for the day , and the LIBOR person calls up his equivalent and the other banks and they negotiate what the rate will be for that day . That number then pops up on every computer around that bank , and that 's the rate . The system absolutely has to change -- we 've been talking about changing the system for some time , but we just believe that in a period of such change because of the economic crisis , we should wait until everything settles down and then change it . If the Lehman Brothers-style bankruptcies that wrecked the global economy did n't bring real change , why will this scandal ? The difference is that all of Lehman Brothers ' customers were all filthy rich . Their customers were governments , municipalities , professionals in the financial services industries -- they knew what they were doing , there were risks that they all understood . But  Barclays  is retail banking : this is human-being-to-human-being , people who are n't expected to know anything about financial services , they 're expected to be able to trust the banks . That 's what makes this different . In fact , we give these banks a license on the agreement that they never put ordinary customers at risk , and that 's what they did here . So Bob Diamond resigning is the start of a new era of commercial banking ? It is , and the banks do n't like to move fast , but the governments are going to insist on a culture change . Let 's see how things go with the other banks  that may be implicated in LIBOR rate-manipulation  -- if I were any of the other banks , I 'd want to stay real quiet now . I 'd want to keep this thing in the courts for 10 years until everybody forgets about it . Any early favorites for the next Barclays CEO ? Would you want that job ? That 's the problem -- I think anyone who probably should fit into that job is smart enough not to want it . Why would you do that ? If you want to be in a bank right now , you want to be Number Two . You get just as much money as the top guy , but you 're not in the press all the time -- so the next time a head has to roll , it 's someone else 's head . But this culture change wo n't transform the investment bank-related issues that brought down the global financial system in 2008 , will it ? That 's fair , but we 've been working on a solution to that problem for a few years now . So we 're well under way to fixing that problem . If you look at the difference  since 2008  , the banks are far better capitalized now , and they have all been moving in the right -- or "  protect the banks " -- direction . What banks have not been doing is moving in the "  protect the customer " direction , and this is going to be make them move that way now . CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Barclays CEO Bob Diamond resigns in wake of LIBOR rate-fixing scandal at bank Silva : LIBOR rate fixing unforgivable because it affects public , not rich investors Silva : Top bankers will now have to be more in touch with concerns of the public
WIRED  -- Ford is making its cars into mobile Wi-Fi hot spots . The next generation of the Sync in-car entertainment and information system will use a USB mobile broadband modem to establish a secure wireless connection capable of supporting several devices simultaneously . The system will be available next year on selected models -- no word yet which ones -- and you wo n't need a subscription or hardware beyond the modem . "  While you 're driving to grandma 's house , your spouse can be finishing the holiday shopping and the kids can be chatting with friends and updating their Facebook profiles , " said Mark Fields , Ford president of the Americas . "  And you 're not paying for yet another mobile subscription or piece of hardware because Ford will let you use technology you already have . " Several automakers already offer in-car Internet access -- Japanese drivers have been using it since 1997 -- and many others are rushing to bring it to us . Ford 's announcement follows General Motors ' promise last week to make in-car connectivity available in seven models of trucks and SUVs . They 're the latest automakers to bring the infobahn to the autobahn . Mercedes recently announced it has successfully tested in-vehicle Internet applications -- including web browsing , vehicle software updates and VOIP -- on a prototype 4G network . It follows BMW 's Internet-connected iDrive system and Chrysler 's Uconnect Web in-vehicle mobile hotspot . With so many automakers getting in on the action , there 's a push to introduce hardware standards . Ford is taking a decidedly different approach , opting to allow consumers to plug in their own USB modem to get connected . General Motors , on the other hand , offers a dealer-installed system called Chevrolet Wi-Fi by Autonet Mobile . It creates a Wi-Fi hot spot 300 feet in diameter around the vehicle , and GM claims the 3G network achieves speeds of up to 1.5 mbps . The hardware costs $ 199 after the $ 200 mail-in rebate , and the service costs $ 29 a month . Given how connected we are , it makes sense for automakers to put the Internet in our cars . The number of iPhones and other mobile devices being used to connect to the Internet jumped 75 percent in the third quarter of this year , according to JiWire Mobile Audiences Insights Report . Letting people log on from the road will be a big selling point among 20-something buyers , the so-called Millennials who have propelled much of Sync 's success . Millennials will make up 28 percent of the driving population next year , a nine-point increase from 2004 . Kids aside , Ford says interest in in-car connectivity is high among the general public , with one-third of people surveyed by the Consumer Electronics Association expressing interest in being able to check e-mail or surf the Web from the car . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Starting next year , Ford enters fray of automakers offering in-car Internet access No fees will apply since consumers use own USB mobile broadband modems Japanese drivers have enjoyed in-car connectivity since 1997 ; others have folllowed One-third of people surveyed want to check e-mail , surf Web from car , association says
RollingStone.com  -- Rihanna has opened up like never before about getting back together with her ex-boyfriend , Chris Brown , and what it means for her public image . "  I decided it was more important for me to be happy , " she tells contributing editor Josh Eells in the new issue of Rolling Stone , out Friday , February 1 . On the Cover : Rihanna 's Crazy in Love "  I was n't going to let anybody 's opinion get in the way of that . Even if it 's a mistake , it 's my mistake . After being tormented for so many years , being angry and dark , I 'd rather just live my truth and take the backlash . I can handle it . " The couple 's public reconciliation comes less than four years since Brown assaulted Rihanna the night before the 2009 Grammy Awards . Brown pleaded guilty to assault and performed community service , but he remains on probation . Rihanna , Queen of Pain : Sexting , Bad Boys , and Her Attraction to the Dark Side "  When you add up the pieces from the outside , it 's not the cutest puzzle in the world , " Rihanna says . "  You see us walking somewhere , driving somewhere , in the studio , in the club , and you think you know . But it 's different now . We do n't have those types of arguments anymore . We talk about s *** . We value each other . We know exactly what we have now , and we do n't want to lose that . " And Rihanna says that if Brown were ever to display a hint of his past behavior towards her , she is ready to walk . 7 Lessons Learned From Rihanna 's ' 777 ' Tour "  He does n't have the luxury of f ***** g up again , " she says . "  That 's just not an option . I ca n't say that nothing else will ever go wrong . But I 'm pretty solid in the knowing that he 's disgusted by that . And I would n't have gone this far if I ever thought that was a possibility . " See the original story on RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Rihanna opens up on her relationship with Chris Brown in the new Rolling Stone She says that she decided it was more important to be happy Rihanna : "  Even if it 's a mistake , it 's my mistake "
CNN  -- Tennis and fashion have been inextricably linked since the sport 's early years of organized competition just before the turn of the 20th century . When French legend Suzanne Lenglen had to audacity to wear a knee-length skirt at the 1919 Wimbledon Championships , the ripples were felt in wider society . Fast forward to 2010 , and her modern equivalent as the queen of style , Maria Sharapova , has just signed a record $ 70 million endorsement deal with sportswear giants Nike . Integral to the deal was the introduction of a special tennis clothing line , designed by the Russia-born , U.S.-based player , for which she will get a share of the profits . "  It 's really incredible to be able to bring these looks that I love to so many women , " the 23-year-old said at its subsequent launch . The highs and lows of the Williams sisters ' wardrobe Sharapova , who is the hottest property in women 's sport , has always been a dedicated follower of fashion -- and wowed audiences at the 2007 U.S. Open with a stunning red dress , encrusted with no less than 600 Swarovski crystals . She suffered a shock loss in the third round , but was certainly the winner in the style stakes . Federer 's fashion faux-pas ? However , tennis fashion sense is not confined to the female elite , and men 's world number one Roger Federer has certainly provoked a reaction with his Wimbledon collection . Last year , on the way to his fifth crown at England 's famous SW19 courts , the Swiss superstar sported a special clothing line which brought much comment if not universal admiration . "  His tennis may be nearly faultless but Roger Federer proved once again that his fashion sense often lands wide of the mark , " quipped Britain 's Daily Telegraph . But with respect to Federer and Sharapova , they still have some way to go before matching the sartorial successes of the legendary Fred Perry , and Rene Lacoste , one of the famous "  Four Musketeers " from France . After his successful playing career , Perry -- Britain 's last grand slam winner back in 1936 -- was credited with inventing the sweatband . Inspired by his success , he then designed a sports shirt with the distinct self-titled logo . It proved an commercial and style success as its influence spread to the area of modern cultural arena , with British "  Mods " wearing it as a trademark item as they faced up to their "  Rocker " rivals . The brand is now owned by a Japanese corporation , and enjoyed a revival when sported by British ace Andy Murray , although he subsequently signed with Adidas for 2010 . Lacoste ` the crocodile ' Perhaps Perry was copying Lacoste , who forged his reputation in the 1920s with a flamboyant playing style which brought him seven grand slam singles titles . In 1933 , the player nicknamed "  the crocodile " founded a sports clothing company with Andrew Gillier , called La Societe Chemise Lacoste . Naturally , they produced a tennis shirt which had an alligator-type figure embroidered on the chest . Like Perry 's brand , it has moved into the wider world of fashion , and for a spell during the early 1980s a Lacoste polo shirt was an absolute-must item in the wardrobe of every young man . According to Forbes magazine , in this period , the Lacoste business was worth $ 400 million in the United States alone . Beware the ` Burberry disease ' But both Fred Perry and Lacoste have suffered from what branding expert Jez Frampton called the "  Burberry disease " -- namely being solely associated with a certain group of people , who were not highly regarded . Burberry became a must-have fashion accessory of British football hooligans , but in recent years has re-branded itself and profits have flowed . Frampton , the Global CEO of Interbrand Group , believes the continued success of Fred Perry and Lacoste owes much to their legendary status in the game but also to their brand positioning . "  They transcended the sport itself and have come to stand for things in their own right , " he told CNN . And the key to future success ? "  They have to position themselves as ` premium brands ' with more emphasis on quality and craftsmanship , " he said . A career after tennis Where Perry and Lacoste forged the brand trail , others have followed , with Bjorn Borg the best example . In the 1980s , not only did the Swede set a record with five straight Wimbledon titles , but his tight-fitting sportswear and trademark headband immediately singled him out as a style icon . Like Sharapova , his endorsement of other brands such as Diadora trainers and Fila sportswear massively boosted their profits and helped establish the companies as major industry players . Retiring at the tender age of 26 , Borg had some well-documented difficulties , but the fashion line he launched in 1987 has proved a commercial winner , promoting a daring range of underwear plus general sports and casual clothes and accessories . When Federer and Sharapova eventually call time on their illustrious careers , it remains to be seen if they turn their talents to forging their own brands or stay within the Nike family . But should they venture down this route , their predecessors as champions on the court and in the field of fashion will take some beating .	Tennis fashion has broadened its base to become part of the high street offering Grand slam greats Rene Lacoste and Fred Perry launched their own clothing companies Fellow legend Bjorn Borg proved a style icon and has also got his own fashion brand Maria Sharapova and Roger Federer have their own clothing ranges with Nike
CNN  -- Police have arrested a 33-year-old man accused of killing his brother and five other people , including two children , at a Memphis , Tennessee , home . Jessie L. Dotson , who was recently released after serving 14 years in prison for murder , was captured Friday night . He faces six counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Cecil Dotson , his 30-year-old brother ; Hollis Seals , 33 ; Shindri Roberson , 20 ; Marissa Rene Williams , 26 ; and two children , said Memphis Director of Police Larry A. Godwin at a news conference Saturday . Dotson will also be charged with the attempted murder of three other children -- ages 7 , 4 and 10 months -- who received stab wounds and blunt force trauma , Godwin said . Dotson 's brother Cecil was the father of all the children , The Associated Press reported . Those who survived the attack were under police custody at a hospital , according to the AP . The March 2 killings followed an argument between Jessie and Cecil Dotson , Godwin said . Jessie Dotson shot his brother dead and went on to kill the others to try to cover up the crime , he said . " -LSB- Dotson -RSB- thought everyone in the home was dead , " Godwin said . "  But as we all know , by the grace of God , three children had survived . " Prosecutors said they are considering seeking the death penalty against Dotson . E-mail to a friend	Jessie L. Dotson was recently released after serving 14 years in prison for murder He was captured Friday night and faces six counts of first-degree murder Four adults and two children were found dead ; three children survived Prosecutors say they are considering seeking the death penalty
CNN  -- Thursday was quite the day for movie news , between "  Star Wars : The Force Awakens " and "  Toy Story 4 , " but we also got new , final looks at two of this holiday season 's highest profile films as well . The first trailer for "  Into the Woods " gave us a taste of what to expect , but the final one gave us Meryl Streep belting it out and a look at the cast of fairy tale characters , including Rapunzel , Red Riding Hood , Anna Kendrick 's Cinderella and more -- not to mention Johnny Depp as the Big Bad Wolf . Going by this , it looks like the lines will be long to check out Disney 's wondrous big musical on Christmas Day . Meanwhile , "  The Hobbit : Battle of the Five Armies " was no slouch in the wonder department , delivering as-usual astounding special effects . They 're all there : Legolas , Gandalf , Saruman , Bilbo and all those hunky dwarves . And as promised , it looks like there 's a huge battle coming . The real question is : Between "  The Hobbit " or "  Into the Woods , " which will be a bigger hit during the holidays ?	"  The Hobbit : Battle of the Five Armies , " "  Into the Woods " released trailers Thursday "  Hobbit " is final installment in the Tolkien saga "  Into the Woods " introduced singing scenes
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Two Philadelphia firefighters died early Monday and three others were injured after a wall collapsed in a building that had been cited repeatedly for safety violations and was set to be sold at auction later this year , officials said . The collapse occurred about 5:50 a.m. as the five were inside a furniture store , said Deputy Fire Commissioner Ernest Hargett Jr. . Four of the firefighters were trapped inside , he said , but the fifth was able to get free . Firefighters were forced to move brick and timber by hand and cut through some materials to rescue the others , Hargett said . The initial report of the blaze came in at 3:13 a.m. , Hargett said . Responding firefighters issued four additional alarms as the flames burned out of control for two hours and embers set surrounding buildings ablaze . The furniture store was one of the surrounding buildings , he said , and the five were "  investigating an extension of fire " inside when the collapse occurred . In a press conference later Monday , Deputy Mayor for Public Safety Everett Gillison said city officials received complaints last November about the conditions in the main property involved in the blaze . Inspectors visited the building six days later , found problems and cited the property 's owner . When they went back in December and found nothing had been done , they issued another citation -- with an identical scenario of inaction followed by a citation playing out 30 days later . The city pushed to bring the owners to court after the third citation , Gillison said , with a court date likely due sometime in May . Meanwhile , the building 's owner had failed to pay $ 60,000 in taxes and another $ 12,000 in water fees , the deputy mayor said . After citations , fines and a court order , the building was being scheduled for a "  sheriff 's sale " -- a public auction for back taxes -- likely in June or July , said Gillison . "  We were not going to drop the ball on this one , and we did not , " he said , saying that city officials were responsive all along to residents ' complaints about the property . At Mayor Michael Nutter 's urging , the city plans to contact District Attorney Seth Williams to determine if the owner 's failure to maintain the building was "  risking a catastrophe and whether this amounts to criminal negligence , " according to Gillison . Richard Negrin , the city 's managing director , said investigators will determine if the fire was caused by arson or negligence . He stressed the duty of building owners , in this case and others , to abide by city code to ensure their properties are safe and secure . "  It is first and foremost the responsibility of the building owner to be in compliance with the code , " Negrin said . The firefighters who died in Monday 's blaze were 60-year-old Robert Neary and 25-year-old Daniel Sweeney , the firefighter 's union and Fire Commissioner Lloyd Ayers said . "  We have a veteran firefighter and we have a new firefighter , " Ayers told reporters . The IAFF Local 22 union identified two firefighters "  seriously injured " in the incident as Patrick Nally , who is in critical but stable condition , and Francis Chaney , who is in stable condition . "  Right now , we 're asking for prayers for the families , " Ayers said . "  We 're asking for everybody to be supportive . We 're asking that you respect the firefighters , their families , their lives . " The last time multiple Philadelphia firefighters died in the line of duty was 2004 , Ayers said , and the last firefighter death was in 2006 . "  This is absolutely a tragedy , " the commissioner said . "  No one wants to lose anyone . "	NEW : The building failed inspections and its owner did n't pay taxes , a city official says NEW : The city was after the owner in court , and the property was up for public auction NEW : The firefighters who died were Robert Neary , 60 , and Daniel Sweeney , 25 3 other firefighters were injured in the five-alarm Philadelphia blaze
Washington  CNN  -- Tuesday is the biggest single day of primary voting this year , with eight states holding contests from coast to coast . Once again , there 's a high-profile tea party vs. mainstream GOP Senate primary showdown . The election , in Mississippi , is the anti-establishment 's best shot at ousting an incumbent Republican senator running for re-election this year . In Iowa , the front-runner in the GOP Senate primary has rare support from both sides in this intra-party battle . If Republicans can flip Iowa and five other Democratic-held seats , they will regain control of the Senate . And keep an eye on California , which becomes the largest state in the country to hold an open , or "  jungle " primary , where the top two finishers advance to the November election , regardless of party affiliation . Here are five contests worth watching on Tuesday : 1 . A big test for the tea party : For tea party supporters , the GOP Senate primary in Mississippi represents perhaps their most high-profile chance to claim victory after facing a string of defeats this year . With the exception of some races in Texas last week , conservative challengers have lost in key congressional contests , including in Idaho , Kentucky , Georgia , North Carolina and Oregon . Polls in Mississippi show the Senate race there will go down to the wire . At 76 , Thad Cochran is the second oldest Senate incumbent running for re-election this year . State Sen. Chris McDaniel says Cochran 's six terms in Washington are enough and he 's running on a platform of change for Mississippi . "  We do n't have six more years of the status quo , " he told CNN 's Dana Bash . "  I am not going to Washington , D.C. , to be a member of the cocktail circuit or to make backroom deals . I 'm going up there to fight and defend the Constitution . " Cochran supporters argue the senator knows what 's best for the state , and they point to McDaniel 's out-of-state help . Former Gov. Haley Barbour blasted McDaniel for bringing in "  outside celebrities " such as former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who campaigned for McDaniel in the past week . New ads in nasty Mississippi GOP Senate race Cochran was considered the most vulnerable GOP senator facing re-election . But momentum shifted after questions arose about the McDaniel campaign 's knowledge of a bizarre plan to shoot pictures of Cochran 's ailing wife in a nursing home bed . Nasty Senate race digs deeper into the mud 2 . Both sides in the bag : Iowa State Sen. Joni Ernst does n't have to take sides in the battle between grass-roots conservatives and the Republican establishment : She 's got the backing of both . Ernst , a lieutenant colonel in the Iowa National Guard who grabbed national attention earlier this year by touting her hog castrating skills in a campaign commercial , has the support of some top names and groups among both the tea party movement and the mainstream GOP . A Des Moines Register poll released over the weekend put Ernst at 36 % , 18 percentage points ahead of businessman Mark Jacobs . If no candidate cracks 35 % of the vote , the nomination will be decided by around 2,000 delegates at a state party convention . The GOP nominee will face off in November against Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley , who faces token opposition in his party 's primary . The winner of November 's general election will succeed longtime Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin , who is retiring at the end of the year . Republicans feel they have a good shot at flipping Harkin 's seat in their drive to retake the Senate . Big name Republicans from both establishment and conservative wings of the party like Mitt Romney , Marco Rubio and Sarah Palin have joined Ernst on the trail and she 's gotten support from establishment groups like the Chamber of Commerce as well groups like the Senate Conservatives Fund , which often backs conservative candidates who launch primary challenges against incumbent Republican senators . Ernst has backing from both sides 3 . The battle for second : No one is questioning whether Democrat Jerry Brown , who 's bidding for an unprecedented fourth term as California governor , is the overwhelming favorite in Tuesday 's Golden State primary . The big question is whom the incumbent will face come November . For the first time in statewide races , California is holding "  open " or "  jungle " primaries , in which all candidates compete in a single contest and the first and second place finishers , regardless of party affiliation , advance to the general election . So , who will be Brown 's opponent in November ? The latest polling indicates former Bush administration treasury official Neel Kashkari is slightly ahead of State Rep. Tim Donnelly for the second spot . Both are Republicans but which candidate advances to November could make a difference for the party 's chances in the general election . Some GOP strategists said they 're concerned that if it 's Donnelly , a conservative with tea party backing , it could hurt Republican candidates in down-ballot races in a state where the general election electorate is much more moderate than that of the GOP primary . But wait , there 's more . One time anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is also on the ballot , the nomine of the Peace and Freedom Party , a socialist party whose gubernatorial candidates have traditionally grabbed about 1 % of the vote . Sheehan became the face of the anti-Iraq war movement in 2005 when she protested for weeks outside then-President George W. Bush 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , after her son Casey was killed in combat . 4 . A very , very crowded primary : A new-age spiritual healer . A public radio host . A sports executive . A television producer . Those are just four of the 16 candidates running in the primary for California 's 33rd Congressional District , which includes Hollywood . The district also contains parts of Westside Los Angeles , as well as the opulent cities of Beverly Hills , Bel Air and Brentwood . The area is losing its longtime congressman , Democrat Henry Waxman , who announced earlier this year he would retire at the end of his 20th term . Keeping up with the celebrity endorsements and the money race in this part of the state can be a challenge . Marianne Williamson , the self-help guru , has the backing of Katy Perry and Kim Kardashian , for example . Los Angeles City Controller Wendy Greuel and state Sen. Ted Lieu , both Democrats , are considered the most likely candidates to place in the top two and advance to the general election . But with just as many Republicans and independents as Democrats running for the seat -- and an expected low turnout -- it 's possible the race may not end up as an intra-party fight . Wild battle to represent Beverly Hills 5 . Democrat incumbent challenged in Montana : Republicans view Montana as another chance to pick up a Democratic seat and regain control of the Senate . The incumbent , Democrat John Walsh , was appointed to the seat in February after longtime Sen. Max Baucus resigned to become U.S. ambassador to China . Walsh faces two Democratic primary challengers , rancher Dirk Adams and former Lt. Gov. John Bohlinger . Walsh is considered the front-runner and political observers will watch to see how big -- or how small -- his margin is over his competitors . If he fails to win by a landslide , it could spell trouble in the fall . The Democratic nominee will face the winner of the GOP race -- another three-way contest -- in November . Rep. Steve Daines is considered the favorite in the GOP primary and has the support of the National Republican Senatorial Committee . He faces state Rep. Champ Edmunds and political newcomer Susan Cundiff .	What has been the country 's nastiest primary is to be decided in Mississippi Iowa Senate candidate has backing from both tea party and establishment Republicans Only question for California Gov. Jerry Brown is who he 'll face in November Democratic incumbent in Montana Senate race gets challenge from within
CNN  -- In return for food aid from the United States , North Korea has agreed to stop nuclear activity at its main facility in Yongbyon , both countries said Wednesday . North Korea has also agreed to a moratorium on long-range missile launches . "  Today 's announcement represents a modest first step in the right direction , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . "  We , of course , will be watching closely and judging North Korea 's new leaders by their actions . " Wednesday 's news might be the most encouraging since 2008 , when six-party talks last broke down over North Korea 's nuclear program . Since then , there has been tension and uncertainty , including a nuclear test in 2009 and the death of longtime leader Kim Jong Il in 2011 . How did we get to this point ? Here 's a refresher course on North Korea 's nuclear program : 1993 : First accusations The International Atomic Energy Agency accuses North Korea of violating the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , an agreement that has been signed by most of the world 's countries to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons . The IAEA demands that inspectors are given access to two nuclear waste storage sites . North Korea threatens to quit the NPT , which it ratified in 1985 . But it ultimately agrees to inspections . 1994 : First agreement North Korea and the U.S. sign an agreement for North Korea to stop and eventually dismantle its nuclear weapons program . In return , North Korea will get aid to build two power-producing nuclear reactors . 1998 : Provocation North Korea fires a rocket that flies over Japan and lands in the Pacific Ocean , proving it has the ability to strike its neighbor . Later in the year , North Korea and the U.S. start holding talks over the suspected construction of an underground nuclear facility . The U.S. demands inspections . 1999 : U.S. eases sanctions North Korea allows U.S. inspections in return for help on its potato yields . Inspectors find no evidence of nuclear activity during its visit . Later in the year , President Bill Clinton agrees to ease economic sanctions against the country . A U.S.-led international consortium also agrees to sign a $ 4.6 billion contract to build two nuclear reactors in North Korea . 2001 : North Korea threats Unhappy with the progress on its promised power plants , North Korea threatens to restart its nuclear weapons program . It says it will start testing missiles again unless normalized relations are resumed with the U.S. 2002 : ` Axis of evil ' In his State of the Union address , President George W. Bush says North Korea , Iran and Iraq are an "  axis of evil " seeking weapons of mass destruction . Later in the year , the Bush administration says North Korea has admitted having a secret program that violates the NPT . 2003 : North Korea says it 's a nuclear power North Korea withdraws from the NPT , reactivates its nuclear power facilities and begins test-firing missiles . On April 23 , it declares that it has nuclear weapons . 2004 : Six-party talks begin Negotiations begin at a summit of six nations : North Korea , South Korea , the U.S. , China , Japan and Russia . North Korea offers to freeze its program in exchange for aid , eased sanctions and removal from the U.S. list of terrorist sponsors . The U.S. wants North Korea to disclose all of its nuclear activities and allow inspections . These six-party talks would be off and on for the next two years with no long-term agreement . 2006 : First nuclear test North Korea claims to have successfully tested a nuclear weapon at an underground facility in Hwaderi . Days later , the test would be confirmed by the outside world . Responding to the test , the U.N. Security Council approves a resolution to impose sanctions against North Korea and require an end to nuclear and ballistic missile tests . 2007 : Progress ? North Korea agrees to close its main reactor for $ 400 million in aid . A couple of months later , the U.S. releases about $ 25 million of frozen North Korea funds from a bank in Macao . North Korea also agrees to disable its nuclear program by the end of year . Days later , South Korean president Roh Moo-hyun becomes the first South Korean to walk across the Demilitarized Zone separating the two Koreas . He meets with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il for a three-day summit . 2008 : Talks break down again North Korea misses its deadline to disable by the end of 2007 , although the destruction of a water-cooling tower in June 2008 shows promise . In October , the U.S. announces that North Korea is taken off the list of states that sponsor terrorism . But when six-party talks resume in December , North Korea refuses to allow unfettered access to inspectors at suspected nuclear sites . 2009 : Second nuclear test North Korea announces that it has begun reprocessing spent fuel rods . One month later , it announces its second nuclear test , and the U.S. Geological Survey confirms a seismic disturbance at the same underground site used for the first test in 2006 . North Korea reports that the reprocessing of 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods has given it enough weapons-grade plutonium for one to two nuclear bombs . 2011 : U.S. , North Korea meet U.S. officials meet with a North Korean delegation to talk about resuming the six-party talks that ended in 2008 . Late in the year , the two countries meet again to discuss possible food assistance in exchange for a moratorium on nuclear activity . Kim Jong Il passes away two days later , to be replaced by son Kim Jong Un . 2012 : Moratorium announced The U.S. and North Korea both report that an agreement has been reached to halt nuclear activity .	North Korea has reached an agreement to curb its nuclear program It 's the most encouraging news on the issue since 2008 , when six-party talks broke down Tensions over North Korea 's nuclear program began in 1993 Negotiations have been off and on since then , with limited success
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Spain 's Supreme Court on Tuesday outlawed a leftist political party for its links to the Basque separatist group ETA , and ordered its immediate dissolution . Supporters of the BMA attend a demonstration in April 2008 . Just hours after the ruling , a bomb was found attached to the underside of a Spanish national police officer 's private car in Bilbao , the largest Basque city , a police spokesman told CNN . The bomb did not explode . The officer had driven it several kilometers to work at police headquarters in Bilbao , where the device was discovered Tuesday afternoon , the spokesman said . Bomb squad experts were trying to deactivate it . The court outlawed the Basque Nationalist Action party , or ANV , as it is known locally . It has about 100 elected town councilors in Basque city halls , and they are expected to lose their seats under the ruling , an analyst told CNN . A lower court judge suspended the party 's activities last February , preventing it from running candidates in Spain 's national elections last March , due to suspicions about its ties to ETA . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States . ETA has sometimes used limpet bombs attached to the underside of the cars of its victims . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Tuesday 's bomb under the police officer 's car . Spanish courts previously outlawed another political party , Batasuna , for its ties to ETA , and prosecutors and lawyers for the government argued before the Supreme Court that Basque Nationalist Action was a kind of successor to Batasuna . But a Basque Nationalist Action spokeswoman vowed that her group "  will continue its political work " on behalf of the Basque left , according her comments played on SER radio . Spanish authorities -- from the government to the courts to the police -- have tried to choke off support for ETA in recent years , with numerous arrests of ETA suspects , convictions at trial , restrictions on political activities of known ETA supporters and a clampdown on clandestine ETA financing . The Supreme Court 's chief justice , Francisco Hernando , told reporters Wednesday that in addition to outlawing Basque Nationalist Action , the court would also immediately consider a similar ban on another leftist party , the Communist Party for Basque Lands , or PCTV as it is known locally , also for suspected links to ETA , the court 's press office said . The PCTV holds seats in the Basque regional parliament , and it activities were also suspended last February by a lower court judge . In March 2006 , ETA declared a "  permanent " unilateral cease-fire , raising hopes for an end to nearly 40 years of ETA violence . But an ETA bomb at Madrid 's airport in December 2006 killed two men and caused heavy damage , and the Socialist government immediately ended the fledgling peace process . Yet ETA did not officially end its cease-fire until June 2007 . There are about 500 ETA convicts or suspects in Spanish jails and more than 100 more in French jails , authorities said .	Spain 's Supreme Court bans leftist party for links to Basque separatists ETA Unexploded bomb later found on national police officer 's private car in Bilbao ETA blamed for more than 800 deaths in long fight for Basque independence
CNN  -- Americans have followed with alarm the unfolding calamity of Central American children seeking refuge at our border . But many of us may not realize there 's a crisis-within-a-crisis : An overwhelming number of these young , unaccompanied immigrants are facing deportation hearings without access to legal help . The lack of legal assistance threatens not only the children themselves , but also our nation 's commitment to basic fairness . Since October , more than 63,000 children have crossed the border into the United States , most from El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala . Reports say many are fleeing violence , human trafficking and poverty , and detail harrowing tales of children terrified to return to their home countries fearing gang violence and retribution . While these children look for solace and safety in the United States , the troubling reality is that more than 40 % of them will be processed and face deportation without legal counsel . It 's mind-boggling that children are coming before judges alone while the federal government is represented by trained attorneys , as the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project legal director Matt Adams recently pointed out . These children , many of whom do n't speak English , simply ca n't get a fair hearing without legal representation . Fortunately , civil legal aid programs are working closely with private pro bono lawyers to ensure that more children will have legal representation and understand their rights . But more resources are needed to ensure that thousands of children do not face these complicated , high-stakes legal proceedings alone . But the civil legal aid community has come forward to help the unaccompanied children who lack legal counsel and adequate resources . In Texas , State Supreme Court Chief Justice Nathan Hecht issued an urgent call for private attorneys to mobilize a civil legal aid response to the crisis , and lawyers across the state are stepping up and volunteering alongside nonprofit organizations to ensure justice for these children in state court hearings . In San Antonio , the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services has assisted thousands of young kids by representing them during immigration proceedings , providing "  know your rights " presentations , and holding screenings to identify those who may be eligible for permanent status . After screening more than 3,000 children from Central America , the center found that as many as half had viable claims for visas . But most children do n't understand their rights to file visa applications . As the Texas executive director of Refugee and Immigrant Center , Jonathan Ryan , told USA Today : "  What really determines the outcome of these cases is whether these children have access to competent , affordable civil legal aid , not their actual eligibility . " This work is n't happening only at the Southwest border . Northwest Immigrant Rights Project and Public Counsel in Los Angeles has joined pro bono attorneys at K&L Gates to file a federal lawsuit that seeks to guarantee the right to counsel for unaccompanied minors ' civil legal aid programs . Now , as the Obama administration accelerates deportation hearings , many unaccompanied children may be processed and deported in a matter of monthsâ $ " giving civil legal aid groups less time to help them find counsel , understand their options , and identify grounds for asylum . In response to these accelerated procedures , the Legal Aid Justice Center in Virginia is leading efforts to ensure that expedited proceedings do n't hamper children 's access to counsel . Many people might think these problems are new , but civil legal aid lawyers have been helping unaccompanied minors caught up in the immigration system for a long time . At Greater Boston Legal Services , attorneys have been working with pro bono lawyers and social service agencies as the number of children facing removal proceedings on their own increases steadily over the years . While we await the bipartisan agreement and action we need for comprehensive immigration reform , civil legal aid lawyers and volunteers will continue to protect the fundamental due process rights of many young children . But without additional resources , too many children will not get the help they so desperately need . It 's simply not right that tens of thousands of unaccompanied children are facing deportation hearings all alone . In America 's legal system , everyone deserves legal assistance to ensure fairness . Our nation 's commitment , after all , is to justice for all , not just for those who can afford it .	Martha Bergmark : 40 % of unaccompanied kids do n't have lawyers for deportation hearings Bergmark : Kids are before judges alone while government is represented by attorneys She says : Most are fleeing terrible violence yet do n't speak English and do n't know rights Bergmark : Legal aid lawyers , volunteers helping but more is needed to ensure fairness
Istanbul  CNN  -- A Syrian official said his country 's forces might have thought the Turkish jet it downed last week was from Israel . "  As you know there is a country called Israel there and as you know this Zionism country 's planes are very similar and because they both are from the same factory , from the U.S. , maybe Syria thought it was an Israeli plane , " Syrian Information Minister Omran Al Zubi told the Turkish A Haber channel on Wednesday . Israel and Syria are longtime neighboring adversaries and do n't have diplomatic relations . Al Zubi adopted a friendly tone toward Turkey in the interview , which belied the increase in tough rhetoric in recent days over the downing of the jet . Relations between the two neighbors have deteriorated during the uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . The act drew sharp condemnation from NATO , and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Tuesday his country is changing its military rules of engagement and will now treat a military approach toward its borders by Syria as a potential threat that "  will be dealt with accordingly . " Both sides say the jet strayed into Syrian airspace , but Turkey says the incursion was accidental and quickly corrected . "  I underline that Syria did not launch an attack and I wish that the Turkish-Syria relations are at a better point . The current issue is that the Turkish plane entered Syrian space and it was responded as an unknown target . It was not downed because it was Turkey 's plane , " Al Zubi said . "  We never want to do any harm to the Turkish people and Turkey . " Both countries are searching for the jet 's pilots . "  We have no information about the two pilots currently . Our wish is that they are alive and well , " Al Zubi said . Erdogan , dressed in a bomber jacket for a photo op inside the cockpit of a Turkish military jet in Ankara , stressed that his country is n't an aggressor but will respond to it bluntly . "  I express this at every opportunity : we never have our eyes on any country 's lands . We do n't show a hostile attitude against any country . We never threaten the security of any country , " Erdogan said , in remarks aired on CNN Turk . "  We never hesitate to respond in the harshest way and do what is necessary with all our existing power as well as with the power and inspiration that we get from our history , against hostile attitudes , attacks and threats against us . " NATO did not promise any action in response to the incident . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Turkey did not invoke the NATO article calling for collective defense of members . The NATO consultations were held under Article 4 of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 's founding charter . The article allows any member to call for consultations "  whenever , in the opinion of any of them , their territorial integrity , political independence or security is threatened , " the charter says . Syria raised the stakes Monday in the war of words over the incident . Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi said the plane was shot down in Syrian airspace , disputing Turkey 's claim that it was downed over international waters after briefly straying into Syrian airspace by mistake . "  What happened was a violation of Syrian airspace . Even Turkey says Syrian sovereignty was violated . Regardless of whether it was a training mission , a reconnaissance mission , it was a violation , " Makdissi said . He insisted that Syria was the wronged party , not Turkey . Also Monday , a spokesman for the Turkish Foreign Ministry told CNN that Syria on Friday fired at a second Turkish plane that was part of a search-and-rescue mission sent in after the jet was shot down . The plane , which entered Syrian airspace in search of the jet , was not hit , said Selcuk Unal . "  There was no injury , nobody was harmed . But that plane immediately returned to Turkish airspace . And through military diplomatic channels we  asked  them : ` What 's going on ? ' " Unal said . The Turkish Foreign Ministry said Sunday that it considered the shooting to be a hostile act . Turkey delivered the message in a diplomatic note to the Syrian consulate in Istanbul , Unal told CNN . In addition to NATO , Turkey also submitted a letter about the incident to the U.N. Security Council . The country made no request for action , but outlined its version of events . "  This attack at the international airspace , causing possible loss of two Turkish pilots , is a hostile act by the Syrian authorities against Turkey 's national security . Thus , we strongly condemn it , " read the letter , dated Sunday . It identified the downed plane as a Turkish RF-4 reconnaissance aircraft , a version of the McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II . It was flying alone , without arms , in international airspace when it was shot down , the letter read . Turkish search-and-rescue teams found the wreckage of the jet in the Mediterranean Sea on Sunday , about 1,300 meters  4,260 feet  underwater , Foreign Ministry spokesman Unal said . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report	Syrian official calls Turks "  our friends and brothers " He said maybe Syrian forces thought the plane was from Israel Tensions have flared over Syria 's jet shootdown last week Syria and Turkey are looking for the missing pilots
CNN  -- Speed and beauty have long been the driving factors in car design , but this year 's most exclusive automobiles include a few practical considerations such as alternative fuel sources and smart ideas to improve safety and cut urban congestion . Still , the first thing about these cars that catches the eye ai n't the miles per gallon  or perhaps mile per watt  . Yes some of these French , Italian and German automobiles are more environmentally friendly -- but more importantly they look good doing it . Many of the car designs at the 2010 Paris auto show focused on electric-powered cars . Energy is a central theme of the Automotive X Prize -- a self-described "  $ 10 million competition to inspire a new generation of viable , superefficient vehicles that people want to buy . " The contest pushed designers to come up with a conventionally powered vehicle that would top 100 MPGe  miles per gallon energy equivalent  . Some of the names that grabbed attention in Paris , and at the X Prize competition and elsewhere will captivate many drivers ' imaginations : Lamborghini 's Sesto Elemento , the Ferrari SA APERTA , Bugatti 's Super Sport and the literally electric Jaguar C-X75 . The folks at Mini are offering a surprise : A scooter ! Renault 's electric concept car -- the DeZir -- looks like it has wings to fly . While many of these cars could empty more than a few pocketbooks , they also could save their owners a few bucks on fuel .	Hot cars of '10 include Ferrari 's SA APERTA , Bugatti 's Super Sport , Jaguar 's electric C-X75 Some of them were featured at the 2010 Paris auto show Others competed for the $ 10 million Automotive X Prize
CNN  Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says his government had blocked what he called a U.S.-backed coup plot that included plans to attack the presidential palace with a military jet . "  It is the government of the United States that is behind the plans of destabilization and coups against Venezuela . I have come here to denounce it . ... We have dismantled a coup attempt against democracy , against the stability of our homeland , " Maduro said in a televised address Thursday . "  It was an attempt to use a group of officials from the air force to provoke a violent act , an attack . " He did n't name which members of the military were allegedly involved , but claimed that the U.S. government and right-wing opposition groups in Venezuela were behind the plan . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki on Friday dismissed the claims . "  These latest accusations , like all previous such accusations , are ludicrous , " Psaki said . "  As a matter of long-standing policy , the United States does not support political transitions by non-constitutional means . Political transitions must be democratic , constitutional , peaceful and legal . We 've seen many times that the Venezuelan government tries to distract from its own actions by blaming the United States or other members of the international community for events inside Venezuela , " Psaki continued . "  These efforts reflect a lack of seriousness on the part of the Venezuelan government to deal with the grave situation it faces , " she said . Venezuelan authorities detained those involved in the plot on Wednesday and Thursday , Maduro said . Maduro said the plot centered around a plan to commandeer a Super Tucano jet and attack the presidential palace this week , or a public demonstration that he was attending . Other buildings were on the target list , he said , including the teleSUR network 's headquarters and Venezuela 's Defense Ministry . U.S. officials , he said , provided visas to those involved in the plot and paid them in dollars . It 's not the first time the Venezuelan leader has lobbed serious accusations against the United States . Shortly after former President Hugo Chavez 's death , he suggested that the United States might have poisoned the socialist leader to cause the cancer that killed him . He expelled a group of U.S. diplomats from the country last year and accused the Pentagon and CIA of conspiring against him . The State Department has repeatedly rejected such accusations . Last year , it said Maduro 's claim that U.S. officials had conspired against the Venezuelan government was "  baseless and false . " On the day of his election in 2013 , Maduro vowed to use an "  iron fist " against any coup attempts against his government . On Thursday , Maduro said the latest coup plot was tied to a coup attempt last year that involved several Venezuelan air force generals . The accusations come as opposition protesters mark the one-year anniversary of a wave of anti-government demonstrations that rocked Venezuela last year and led to the arrest of opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez . CNN 's Michael Roa , Diane Ruggiero , Michael Martinez and Laura Koran contributed to this report .	Accusations are "  ludicrous , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman says "  We have dismantled a coup attempt , " President Nicolas Maduro says in a televised address He says Venezuela 's right-wing opposition groups and the U.S. government were behind the plot
CNN  -- In March this year , Kenya 's President Mwai Kibaki officially launched the new Lamu Port project , a massive infrastructure project that is expected to cost a whopping $ 20 billion . The red-carpet affair was attended by his South Sudanese and Ethiopian counterparts , Salva Kiir and Meles Zenawi respectively , on a stretch of leveled mangroves , flattened especially for the launch . The new port is part of a larger project , known as LAPSSET  Lamu Port -- South Sudan -- Ethiopia Transport Corridor  , a pearl in the crown of the Kenyan government 's Vision 2030 , an ambitious program to propel Kenya 's economy , like those witnessed in Asia . The LAPSSET project includes an oil refinery , pipelines from South Sudan , transportation hubs for rail , road and air , and a mega port for oil tankers , plus a number of tourist resort cities along its path . Several months on , very little work has been done , even though President Kibaki committed the finance minister to release funds to enable construction of the first three berths . Rumors circulate that the government lacks financial backing even though the local media ascribes China as the main supporters because of their desire for South Sudan 's oil . Watch : Bringing Sudanese oil to Kenya It is no wonder at the speculation . The Lamu Port plans have been shrouded in secrecy ever since the government began its search for capital . The lack of transparency and the dearth of information have created an aura of suspicion and mistrust of the government , particularly among affected communities . Lamu is listed as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO . The medieval stone town is the home of Swahili culture and architecture . Its rich history is linked to the Indian Ocean trade-world , connecting China , India and the Arab Peninsula from as early as the 9th century . Early stone ruins of Swahili towns dot the area under the care of the National Museums of Kenya . Nearby , a marine reserve protects the islands dotting the Lamu Archipelago teeming with coral and mangrove and home to endangered marine animals like sea turtles and dugongs . Inland , the Boni-Lungi Forest -- last of the coastal forests that once spread from Kenya to Mozambique -- is listed as a protected biosphere with conservationists actively trying to protect the area because of its concentration of endemic plants and animals and the fast rate at which it is disappearing . Lamu County is home to five indigenous ethnic groups : Sanye , Aweer , Bajun , Swahili and Orma , who have lived with political marginalization since Kenya 's independence . Each of these communities utilize their natural resources for survival . Traditionally the Orma are pastoralists , Bajun and Swahili are fishermen and farmers , the Sanye and Aweer are hunters and gatherers . Their livelihoods and cultural existence are at stake with the government 's plan to build a mega port and transport corridor linking Lamu to South Sudan and Ethiopia . Save Lamu , a coalition of local civil society organizations , is taking the government to court over the port project . They argue that the government is legally bound to provide an environmental impact assessment  EIA  by independent experts and consultations with the community . This , they claim , has not been done . "  We have been the stewards of this land and coastline for centuries , " says Mohammed Baddi , member of the Save Lamu coalition and a legal petitioner . "  How can the government begin to construct such a huge project with dire environmental hazards without consulting us and without an EIA ? " Kenya PM : Sudan conflict threatens world oil prices Baddi 's words are echoed by many in Lamu . One of the biggest community complaints is the lack of transparency on the part of the government . "  Getting information about the port project is incredibly difficult , " states Abubakar El-Amudy , chairperson of the Save Lamu coalition . Save Lamu maintains that it is not against the port , but against the way it feels the government is strong-arming the community into submission . "  They say we are anti-port and anti-development , " states El-Amudy . "  We are not . But we are demanding that the government provide us with information , otherwise it appears that the new port will only benefit a few select people . " And that is the way it looks from the ground . Land ownership is a heated point of contention here . As well it would be , for the majority of the county 's land mass is categorized as Kenya government land . Lamu 's indigenous communities have lacked legal land rights and , under corrupt administrations , their ancestral land has been a means of rewarding political cronies . Many locals believe that the port project will obliterate their culture heritage . The population of the county , according to reports , is expected to increase tenfold , from 110,000 people today to 1.25 million in 10 years . The incoming migration will make the indigenous communities a minority , thus disabling any political power that they might wield . The population increase is also expected to damage Lamu 's status as a world heritage site . At the latest World Heritage Committee Meeting in St. Petersburg , in June 2012 , Kenya 's LAPSSET project and its effects on Lamu was discussed . The committee recommended that the Kenyan government halt the project until an Environmental and Historical Impact Assessment report is provided to UNESCO . Whether the government will agree is not certain . Meanwhile , Save Lamu 's momentum is gathering strength and their court case is pending . The growing opposition to the LAPSSET project by local and international organizations may bring the government to the negotiating table to rethink its plans for LAPSSET . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hadija Ernst .	The Kenyan government has announced plans for a new port in Lamu , a World Heritage Site It is part of bigger project that includes an oil refinery , pipelines from S.Sudan and transportation hubs Local civil society groups are taking the government to court over the port project They ask for more information and call for an environmental impact assessment
On the vast plains of the Altiplano plateau in South America live people who believe in magic . Many of the Aymara -- an ancient , indigenous race found in Bolivia , Peru and Chile -- suppose that on Tuesdays and Fridays , ordinary people become vulnerable to harmful spirits and the evil eye . That 's why on those days they stay awake and on their guard until dawn . And that is why they get together and smoke . "  When you exhale the smoke , you send back the evil spells to the sender , " says Raphaël Verona , a Swiss photographer who has just released a new book of photographs of traditional Aymara communities . "  You must also constantly pay homage to the spirits . There is a great variety of different spirits , such as the earth mother Pachamama , Supay , the god of the underworld , and the Virgin Mary . " Earth Mother ; God of the Underworld ; and the Virgin Mary . From the point of view of the Aymara , there is n't an odd one out . A blend of animism and Catholicism Catholicism first arrived in the region with the Spanish colonialists in the 16th Century . The early missionaries tried to encourage indigenous people to accept the Catholic God by reinterpreting their own spirits : Pachamama , they said , was Mary , and Supai was the devil . But the match was largely erroneous . Unlike the Catholic gods , the indigenous spirits were not seen as wholly good nor wholly bad . They were believed to be capricious yet compassionate ; though they could cause calamities when slighted , they could be powerful allies when appeased . Moreover , from the point of view of the Aymara , the terrifying appearance of spirits like Supai , who is depicted with horns and a scarlet face , did not simply signify evil . Rather , it was a reflection of power , which could be used for good or ill . Because of these irreconcilable cultural differences  which the missionaries had failed to appreciate  , Catholic gods were simply added into the Aymara pantheon . Christian rituals became blended with traditional beliefs , adding another dimension to this colorful , hybrid faith . Elaborate traditional ceremonies such as Tinku and the Oruo carnival , which involve costumes , dancing and singing , are still practiced as they have been since time immemorial . But Catholic saints are included alongside the local deities . The paradox of the Aymara "  The Aymara people have an approach to life that seems paradoxical from the outside , " says Verona . "  In Europe you are either one religion or another , either traditional or modern . "  But in Bolivia people live with both Catholicism and animism , both in modernity and in their ancestral traditions . "  They visit the Yatiri , the priest , to pay homage to deities or give prophesies when they are applying for visas , or for assistance in businesses matters . " Despite their acceptance of modernity , the Aymara also have little truck with the idea that the spirits might not be literally real . "  Traditional stories are seen to be as true as the people talking to you at this moment , " Verona explains . "  If you ask someone if Supai , the god of the mines and the underworld , lives , they will say of course because they heard stories about it . So myths come to life very strongly in this society . " The theater of worship Verona first encountered the Aymara when he was living in Bolivia four years ago . There he met his wife-to-be , who is from the Aymara community , and began to meet her family and wider circle . "  I found myself entering an alien and beautiful culture , " he says . "  My parents-in-law would regularly carry out rituals involving offerings of cocoa leaves , alcohol , threads of dyed wool , sugar , and molded figures to the spirits . " It was the costumes that particularly impressed him . Enchanted by the striking masks and outfits worn by shamans and dancers , he headed back to Switzerland and convinced his friend , the photographer Thomas Rousset , to collaborate in a photography project . Many of the portraits were staged in people 's homes , offering a contrived , theatre-like effect ; others were taken as "  snapshots " . Together , this collection offers a potent evocation of this unusual and thought-provoking way of life . "  It is extraordinary to see this rich native tradition that challenges Western thinking , " Verona says . "  I think there is much we can learn from them . " How some whisky lovers are now making millions Battersea Power Station : The life , death and rebirth of a London icon Biodesign : Why the future of our cities is soft and hairy	A new book records the extraordinary world of Bolivian spirituality Catholic deities are seamlessly incorporated alongside local spirits The Aymara people live simultaneously in modern and traditional societies Every aspect of life is determined by ancient rituals
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- NATO and U.S. forces are seeing a marked increase in infiltration into Afghanistan from Pakistan by the militant Haqqani network , a senior NATO official said Tuesday . There has been a significant increase in the Haqqani network 's activity in Khost , Paktia , Logar and Wardak provinces which are used in that order as an infiltration route from Pakistan , to launch attacks on the capital , the official said . The senior NATO official spoke to reporters in Kabul on the condition no name was used . Whether or not NATO and the United States will have to provide more assistance to the Afghan security forces , particularly along the border with Pakistan , will depend on "  the level of threat coming out of Miramshah " in North Waziristan , the official said . Miramshah is believed to be where the Haqqani network leaders are based . Haqqani fighters are blamed for killing more than 1,000 coalition and Afghan forces . The official said Haqqani militants were behind a series of "  spectacular attacks , " this summer , including a 20-hour attack on the American Embassy , last month , and an assault on Kabul 's InterContinental Hotel , in June , which left at least a dozen people dead . NATO officials said there had also been a marked increase in the number of cross border attacks from Pakistan , but the insisted reports of artillery bombardments and heavy casualties were often exaggerated . International Security Assistance Force troops respond to all reports by deploying surveillance assets , usually helicopters and drones , but they often can not find evidence of structural damage or the craters consistent with the villagers ' accounts of sustained artillery and rocket bombardments , the official explained . The official said ISAF 's primary objective is sharing this information with Afghan and Pakistani officials as quickly as possible to diffuse cross-border tensions . Both sides have agreed , within the last ten days , to set up a working group for investigating future allegations . Part of the problem is that insurgents have reoccupied safe havens inside Afghanistan , which became much more attractive following the U.S. withdrawal from remote bases in Kunar and Nuristan provinces , coupled with increased pressure on the Pakistani side of the border , said the official . While most of the cross-border attacks are launched by insurgents , he said there is legitimate confusion as to where the border lies . "  We 'll get the maps out and there will be differences of multiples of kilometers of where they think the border is , " the official said . Gen. John Allen , the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , has completed a compressed 90-day assessment and revision of the campaign plan and , contrary to earlier suggestions that there would be an abrupt shift of focus to the east of the country , he concluded that he wants to continue building on progress in the south , while keeping Kabul and its environs secure , eventually linking the two areas via Afghanistan 's ring road , the official told reporters . "  As things improve in the south we will focus more on the east , " the official said . "  Our progress is incremental , but it is progress , " the official said . "  We have physically taken away their safe havens -LSB- in the south -RSB- , and they wo n't get them back . " In the east , the focus will be on Kabul and the surrounding provinces , particularly Wardak and Logar , which are being used to launch attacks on the capital , the official said . "  The other issue is the harder one , that 's the sense of security in the minds of the Afghan people ... . Do the Afghan people feel any more secure ? No , not yet . " The military is proving the space for the Afghan government , but the government remains deeply unpopular and corrupt , the official said . Areas likely to be slated for transition in the upcoming second tranche include the Ghazni municipality  capital of Ghazni province Maidan Shah  the capital of Wardak  , and Nawa , in Helmand . Kunar is likely to be at least a year away .	Official : Haqqani network has increased infiltration into Afghanistan from Pakistan Haqqani fighters are blamed for killing more than 1,000 coalition and Afghan forces Allied commander wants to keep emphasis on the south
CNN  -- Lionel Messi has agreed a new contract with Barcelona , which will keep the Argentine at the Spanish club until 2018 . The 25-year-old already had a deal that expired with the European giants in 2016 , but that has now been extended by two years . Messi has been in sensational form this year , scoring 90 goals for both club and country to surpass the previous goalscoring record for a calendar year set by Gerd Mueller in 1972 , when the German scored 85 goals . The 21-time Spanish champions have also verbally agreed new deals with midfielder Xavi , who will extend his contract from 2014 until 2016 , while defender Carles Puyol , whose contract had been due to expire next year , will stay with Barca until 2016 . None of the players has yet to put pen to paper on their new contracts but the Barca website says this will happen "  over the course of the next few weeks " . "  This news means that FC Barcelona has secured its ties with three of its most important players , " the club said on its official website . While both club captain Puyol , 34 , and Xavi , 32 , are significant figures at the club , Barcelona officials are likely to look upon the extension of Messi 's deal as the most important . Widely regarded as the best footballer in the world , the diminutive Argentina international has often spoke of the debt of gratitude he believes he owes the Catalan club . At the age of 11 , Messi was diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency and neither his existing club in his home town Rosario -- Newell 's Old Boys -- nor Buenos Aires giants River Plate were prepared to provide the money to treat his condition , which amounted to some US$ 1,000 per month . Instead , Barcelona , who had been made aware of his talents , offered to pay the medical bills of a boy who stood just 4ft 6in as long as he was prepared to move to Spain , a decision which Messi confirmed when signing his first contract with the club on the back of a paper napkin . The 13-year-old moved to Barcelona with his family in 2000 -- and the rest is  ongoing  history . Despite his tender age , Messi has amassed a staggering collection of trophies and records . Since making his Barcelona debut in 2003 , he has collected three UEFA Champions League crowns , two FIFA Club World Cup titles , five Spanish league championships and two Copa del Rey medals . Along the way , he has scored more goals for the club in both the Spanish league and European competition than any other player in Barcelona 's illustrious 113-year history . On a personal basis , he has won three consecutive World Player of the Year titles and is favorite to beat teammate Andres Iniesta and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo to win this year 's FIFA Ballon D'Or  as the award became known in 2010  . Should he do so , Messi will become the first footballer to win the prestigious honor on four separate occasions -- a record that would be made all the more notable by the absence of a World Cup winner 's medal in his cabinet . For despite winning the 1995 FIFA World Youth Cup and the 2008 Olympic Games with Argentina , Messi has yet to go past the quarterfinals of the World Cup -- and many commentators believe he needs to win that trophy if he is to lay claim to being the greatest footballer the world has ever seen .	Lionel Messi agrees two-year extension to current deal Contract will tie Argentine to Barcelona until he is 31 Xavi and Carles Puyol also agree new deals with Spanish giants
London  CNN  -- Music stars including Pete Townshend of The Who , Alex Kapranos of Franz Ferdinand and Corinne Bailey Rae called on Russia to free three members of the punk rock band Pussy Riot , who are on trial in Moscow on hooliganism charges . The musicians said the charge was "  preposterous , " arguing that artists "  make legitimate political protest and fight for freedom of speech . " The Pussy Riot members went on trial Monday , charged with hooliganism after performing a song criticizing President Vladimir Putin in one of Moscow 's grandest cathedrals , Russia 's state news agency reported . "  Mother Mary please drive Putin away , " the band screamed , their faces covered in neon masks , inside Christ Savior Cathedral in February . Three were arrested soon after . The charge carries a potential seven-year sentence . Putin is visiting London on Thursday , Pussy Riot 's celebrity backers noted as they urged him to "  ensure these three women receive a fair trial . " "  We are especially concerned about recent reports that food is being withheld from them and that they have appeared in court in a cage , " their supporters said in a letter to the Times of London . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , 23 , Maria Alyokhina , 24 , and Yekaterina Samutsevich , 29 , grinned at cameras and waved their handcuffed arms behind their backs Monday as police brought them from a van into the court . They appeared in court in an enclosure that forced them to bend down to speak through small window to be heard . The women apologized to Orthodox Christian believers if they felt they had been insulted , state news agency RIA-Novosti reported . The trial is taking place at the Khamovnichesky Court , the agency said . Read more : Jailed punk band Pussy Riot pushes free speech limits in Russia Amnesty International said Monday the trial "  never should have taken place . " John Dalhuisen of Amnesty said the singers had been making "  a legitimate protest -- this is not a criminal offense . They must be released immediately . " "  They dared to attack the two pillars of modern Russian establishment -- the Kremlin and the Orthodox Church . While many may have found their act offensive , the sentence of up to seven years in prison they may expect on the charges of hooliganism is wildly out of all proportion , " he said . Pussy Riot specializes in sudden , often illegal public performances , including one in Moscow 's Red Square . The punk prayer was inspired by the women 's anger about the relationship between the Russian government and the Orthodox Church , according to their manager , Tolokonnikova 's husband . The Orthodox leader Patriarch Kyril has been widely reported as saying Putin 's years in power have been a miracle from God . The band 's behavior in one of Russia 's most sacred cathedrals has outraged many of the country 's faithful . "  This is a disgusting thing to do , " one woman told CNN . "  They should go to jail , " said another . "  A year or two . Let them think about their behavior . " But even some of those who were offended believe the women should not be in jail . "  If necessary , God will punish them , " said one man . "  It must be not be cruel punishment . " CNN 's Phil Black and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	Three members of Pussy Riot are on trial , facing a potential seven-year sentence They sang an anti-Putin song in Moscow 's Christ Savior Cathedral Alex Kapranos of Franz Ferdinand and Pete Townshend of The Who want them set free Their open letter comes as Vladimir Putin visits London
CNN  -- CNN explores Beijing 's underground music scene and the bands making the rest of the world sit up and listen .	Buyi is one of the bands breaking through the Beijing music scene In the last ten years the number of garage bands in China has exploded The internet and social software has helped create a vibrant underground scene
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court for now has ordered Texas not to enforce a law that had effectively shut down several clinics that provide abortions . The court 's order means those clinics can reopen immediately . The restrictions had gone into effect in recent days , but a number of abortion rights supporters then asked the justices to intervene on an emergency basis . The 6-3 order Tuesday from the high court was a setback for the law 's backers . A ruling by a federal appeals court earlier this month gave Texas the green light to move forward on the mandate requiring all abortion clinics in the state be "  ambulatory surgical centers , " regulated under the same standards as hospitals . Another challenged provision would force doctors performing abortions to first obtain admitting privileges at a nearby hospital . Abortion rights groups said 13 reproductive health clinics were forced to immediately close after the court ruling , leaving all but eight still operating . The high court 's action would only have temporary effect , until more appeals can be filed on the larger questions of the Texas law 's constitutionality . That process may take several months , at least , to resolve at the appeals court level . The Supreme Court refused to intervene previously when other sections of the Texas law were challenged in court . Lawmakers in the state 's Republican-majority legislature have said the regulations would improve patient care and safety . Abortion rights groups counter , saying the law is designed to make it nearly impossible to operate an abortion clinic in Texas . The Center for Reproductive Rights had sued Texas this past spring , on behalf of a coalition of abortion clinics . In August , a federal judge ruled that the "  ambulatory surgical centers " requirement was unconstitutional and imposed an injunction . Thursday 's appeals court ruling lifted that injunction and allowed the measure to go into effect immediately . Abortion rights groups cheered the justices ' intervention . "  The U.S. Supreme Court gave Texas women a tremendous victory today , " said Nancy Northup , president of the Center for Reproductive Rights . "  This fight against Texas ' sham abortion law is not over . HB2 was designed to gut the constitutional protections of Roe v. Wade and half of the state 's clinics remain closed . " There was no immediate reaction from state officials to the Supreme Court 's one-page order , which Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito opposed . A spokeswoman for the state attorney general 's office , who earlier defended the law , said it was passed after "  careful deliberation by the Texas Legislature to craft a law to protect the health and safety of Texas women . " Abortion rights groups counter the mandate will leave women of reproductive age in the state with minimal health care options , and called the appeals court decision "  demonstrably wrong . " Clinic supporters said before the bill was enacted , there were 41 facilities in Texas providing abortions . The law also bans abortions past 20 weeks of pregnancy and tightens usage guidelines for "  abortion-inducing drugs " such as RU-486 . Critics contend the law , in addition to eliminating abortion across huge swaths of the state , will further deny access to many women in rural communities and will force women to seek dangerous "  back-alley " abortions . Republican Gov. Rick Perry signed the bill into law last year . The high court case is Whole Woman 's Health v. Lakey  14A365  .	Strict new law caused some Texas abortion clinics to close Ruling 6-3 , the Supreme Court tells Texas not to enforce that law for now The action will only have temporary effect , until more appeals can be filed Texas lawmakers said the regulations would improve patient care and safety
CNN  -- Who has n't left a strange airport wondering not just whether you should be in this taxi but whether it even is one -- only to be charmed , amused or unexpectedly edified by the person behind the wheel . Or , it 's true , bored to death , humiliated or even ripped off . Now an online booking service called Airporttransfers has released a survey of 2,162 recent British vacationers , asking them to name the meanest , nastiest , take-the-longest-route-and-still-expect-a-tip taxi drivers on the planet . Travel shocker ! British tourists consider French cabbies rude And get outta ze cab ! It 's the French . But -- and here we perform some fabulously expressive gesticulation whose meaning is "  leave my hired vehicle immediately " -- it 's also the Italians . That 's right : the two European nations have drawn up level at the traffic lights and been judged equally rude . But for every offensive action , there 's an equal and opposite reaction -- which brings us to Greece . Some of its taxi drivers , those on the island of Rhodes , were judged among the friendliest on the planet . The news comes on the heels of findings that people on another Greek isle , Ikaria , are among those with the longest life expectancy on Earth . Diet has a lot to do with it , but so , too , does a famously laid-back attitude -- something that might have infected the Rhodes cabbies . But what about those British vacationers ? Could it be that their collective offense-taking at the cab driving Jean-Pierres and Patrizias of this world comes from the famous reluctance of the French and Italians to speak English just because the British do ? Rides worldwide To broaden the field a bit , what do non-Brits think of cab drivers worldwide ? Asking around our well traveled staff produced some passionate responses . Tokyo cabbies wear suits , white gloves and put doilies and plastic covers on all upholstery . Nice . But they 're easily inflamed . "  Do n't touch the door ! " warns one editor . "  That 's for the driver to operate in your first moment of ultra-impressive service . " "  Hong Kong taxi drivers can be mean and whiny if you 're not going far or stuck in a lucrative traffic jam , " says associate producer  and local  Maggie Wong . "  And , as second-jobbing small businessmen , they all have multiple mobile phones on the dash , so forget about small talk . " World 's best taxis Top storytellers Next to London 's beetle-shaped black cruisers , New York yellow cabs must be the most recognizable in the world . You 'd expect New York cabbies to be sassy -- but rude ? "  Are you rude to them ? " parries Payal Dixit , an Upper West Side NYC resident in her early thirties . "  I 've found that New York cab drivers are some of the best storytellers -- a simple ` hello ' can get them going . "  Some do n't want to be bothered , but most enjoy sharing their adventures , whether it be about celebrity passengers or their lives in a foreign country you dream of visiting . " View from the front Dixit raises a good point . What 's the view from the front seat ? "  You know , 99 % of people are as nice as pie , " says Steve McNamara , general secretary of the British Licensed Taxi Drivers ' Association , himself behind the wheel of a London cab for 30 years .  Another , global survey , it should be said , has consistently rated London 's legendary black taxis the best in the world . "  Cab driving restores your faith in humanity . It can be trying when people say , ` I 'm staying at the hotel with the green door . ' Do n't you know there are 8,000 hotels in London ? "  And you get obnoxious people who 've been drinking -- but that 's not as common as you might think . "  The 1 % -- the loonies -- can be right wing , left wing , Christian or Muslim . Drivers always say , put 'em all together in an island in the Atlantic ! " Pull up here We 're getting out here . In the comments section , share your stories of being charmed , amused or unexpectedly edified by the person by the wheel . Or bored to death , humiliated or even ripped off .	Study names French world 's rudest taxi drivers All study survey subjects were British New York cabbies are entertaining storytellers A London black cab driver tells all
CNN  Serena Williams had a big decision to make earlier this year , and she wanted to run it by her parents . She was nervous . She wanted to see whether they would support her going back to Indian Wells , California , to play in a tournament she had skipped 13 times since winning in 2001 . The last time she was there , she had been booed loudly and lustfully . The fans were upset and sensed some sort of conspiracy that she did n't have to face her talented older sister in the semifinals . Venus Williams had withdrawn 10 minutes before their match with a knee injury . Many fans did n't buy it and thought it was orchestrated to give the younger Williams a chance for extra rest . Two days later , during the championship match , Serena Williams , 19 at the time , was jeered when she did well and cheered when she fared poorly . Then days after the tournament , which she won , her father , Richard , told USA Today that as he and Venus walked down the stairs to their seats , people kept calling him the N-word and one man said : "  I wish it was ' 75 ; we 'd skin you alive . " Neither Serena nor Venus has played in the tennis tournament since . That will end Friday when Serena Williams , the world No. 1 , faces Monica Niculescu , the 68th-ranked player in a second-round match . The end of the boycott took a lot of conversations with a lot of people , Williams told reporters Thursday . Two of the most important were with her parents . "  It was a really emotional time for me , " she said , saying the prospect of the talks made her a little nervous . She told them she would n't go back if they did n't want her to go . But they both said to play . Her dad said it would be a big mistake not to come back , she said . Williams said her mother said , "  I will be there for you . " Venus Williams , the No. 11 singles player , is n't playing in the tournament , but Serena Williams said her older sister was 100 % behind her . She is "  very happy that I am here . And even encouraged me to come , " Serena Williams said . Serena Williams announced her return to the event in a TIME magazine first-person piece in February , writing she would ended her boycott in the spirit of forgiveness . She said Thursday that she did n't just have to forgive the fans at Indian Wells . "  In order to forgive , you have to be able to really let go of everything . I kind of let go a long time ago , and I kind of forgave , but I was n't at point where I was ready to come back , " she said . The timing seemed right this year , she said . She added that she will be a little nervous in her first match at the BNP Paribas Open . Still she was "  looking forward actually to kind of stepping out on center court and letting the whole world know that it does n't matter what you face -- whether it 's something that was n't right , something that hurt you , hurt your family . You can just come out and be strong . " CNN 's Chris Borg and Tom McGowan contributed to this report .	In 2001 , her father said the family was the subject of racial slurs Neither Serena or Venus Williams has played in the tournament since Serena Williams says playing shows the world you can be strong in the face of intolerance
CNN  -- A computer problem that grounded United Airlines flights across the country has been repaired , the airline announced early Saturday . The Chicago-based airline blamed the computer malfunction on "  a network connectivity issue " Friday night . The problem , "  was resolved through troubleshooting procedures and restored at midnight , " wrote United Airlines spokesman Charles Hobart in an e-mail to CNN . "  The airline issued a waiver policy permitting customers on affected flights to cancel or rebook their itineraries without penalty , " Hobart said . "  United apologizes for the disruption caused to travelers at affected airports and is re-accommodating travelers where necessary . " The computer malfunction brought United 's system of scheduling departures , reservations and processing passengers to a halt at airports across the United States . The problem left passengers stranded for hours in grounded planes , airport lobbies and security lines . Michael Goldenthal , who was on an airplane at O'Hare when the problem occurred , said it became apparent something was wrong as the flight was taxiing . "  We were on the runway when the pilot came on the P.A. and said they had lost contact with the company computer system which measured the weight of the plane , " Goldenthal said . Goldenthal said the aircraft taxied around for nearly an hour and then returned to the gate for additional fuel . But passengers were not allowed to get off . Long lines of people could be seen at airports in cities across the country , including Los Angeles , San Francisco and Denver . Many passengers sat on the floor as they waited . Chris Hou and his wife , Jennifer , became stranded at Los Angeles International Airport while waiting on a connecting flight to Denver . "  We 're pretty easy going people . We travel a lot . We understand that problems happen , " Chris Hou told CNN . "  I just think there would be a little more information . All they say is ` we have a computer problem . ' By the time you get to hour three , it gets a little frustrating . " Hou told CNN less than a hour later that he and his wife were about to board a plane to Denver . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	NEW : Airline spokesman says "  network connectivity issue " is to blame NEW : United allows passengers to book new flights without penalty Outage shuts down departures , reservation system for several hours Problem creates long lines of stranded passengers in U.S. airports
CNN  -- Big in Japan . It 's a phenomenon well known to generations of rock bands , elevated from relative obscurity at home to apparent god-like status in the Land of the Rising Sun . Met at the airport by screaming fans , groups struggling to get in their own charts get an unexpected -- and often career-reviving -- taste of Beatlemania , Orient-style . This weekend , it 's going international -- "  Live at the Budokan " on tour , in Longchamp . Thousands of enthusiastic Japanese will invade Paris for an event that some say has become the crowning jewel in a new national obsession . It 's not pop music , but horse racing -- a sport that has emerged from a murky association with underworld gambling to become an aspirational pastime for a younger generation of Japanese racegoers and a rival to the likes of baseball and football . "  Many years ago , horse racing had a kind of bad reputation but there has been a big change in perception among Japanese citizens , " Fumitaka Tsuruoka , the Paris representative for the Japan Racing Association , told CNN . "  It is true that horse racing still offers betting but it is loved by many people as a sport , which they could be enthusiastic about . " A party of some 5,000 horse-racing-mad fans is traveling to the French capital to see if their nation can finally end its hoodoo in one of the sport 's premier events -- the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe . The passion and desire to win European racing 's richest prize -- with a purse of â ‚ ¬ 4 million  $ 5.4 million  -- is almost verging on an obsession , but it is an obsession with good reason . Japan has come agonizingly close to winning the big prize at Longchamp on numerous occasions . The most recent attempt was Orfevre , who last year had been a frontrunner only to be upstaged by the unfancied Solemia . One of Japan 's most famous horses , Deep Impact , was backed at 1-2 to win in 2006 only to falter rather dramatically , while three years later El Condor Pasa had boasted a lead of five lengths but was beaten on the line by Montjeu . L'Arc is effectively the jewel missing in the crown of Japanese racing , the likes of the Dubai World Cup and Melbourne Cup already conquered long ago , and it is an event that will be watched on television by some 30 million people in Japan alone , nearly a quarter of its entire population . Tsuruoka , however , insists his nation 's love of the race is "  not an obsession . " "  It 's just it is the most famous and desirable overseas race in my country and a lot of Japanese people and the horse connections have a great ambition to win the race , " he said . "  The Japanese have made a lot of efforts to catch up with European and American racehorses for more than 50 years since the first overseas challenge in 1958 , and one of the goals is to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe . We are almost there . " Japan , as has been the custom in recent years , can aspire to victory this year . Last month , Orfevre won the Prix Foy at Longchamp for a second successive year and and is top of many bookmakers ' odds lists for Sunday . Fellow contender Kizuna , sired by Deep Impact , triumphed over in another Group Two race , the Prix Niel on the Arc distance of one-and-a-half miles at the same venue . For the Japanese punters , backing their own horses is a source of nationalistic pride . They betted so heavily on Deep Impact that the seven-time Japanese Grade One winner was an overwhelming favorite at the 2006 Arc . "  I heard they had bets of about â ‚ ¬ 500 each on Deep Impact and , had it won , the story goes they would n't have even cashed it in as they wanted to keep the memento , " says Ed Dunlop , who has enjoyed more success than most as a foreign trainer on Japanese soil . The Briton is best known for Snow Fairy , which in 2010 and 2011 enjoyed back-to-back victories in the Queen Elizabeth II Commemorative Cup in Kyoto , and his family has long been interlinked with Japan -- his father John was among the first foreign trainers to be invited over . Dunlop says the obsession with horse racing in Japan is not solely the reserve of the Arc , with passion as fervent -- in fact , even more so -- for its domestic races . "  It 's enormous compared to what we 're used to , " he explains . "  Horses have huge followings and jockeys too . You 'll see posters of them out there , which you 'd never see in the UK for a second . At the Japan Cup  the biggest race on the calendar  , there 's 100,000 people there . The atmosphere is like nothing I 've heard before . The noise is genuinely unbelievable . " It is a sentiment echoed by jockey Ryan Moore , winner of this year 's English Derby on Ruler of the World , who likened it to another sport . "  It 's the one time when it feels like you 're inside a football stadium , " he says . "  There 's just a crazy amount of shouting . It seems like it 's like that every day on the track . "  When you get off the plane and the bus , you have people trying to get pictures , sign autographs , books and stuff like that . It 's stranger when it 's like half past 10 at night . Japanese jockeys are used to it as they get it a lot . " The perception of horse racing in Japan has changed , pushed by the sport 's national ruling body the JRA . In the past , it was seen to be the domain of the Yakuza , controlled by organized crime syndicates . The change in perception has led to a much younger racegoing public in Japan than generally seen in Europe or the United States , for example . Jane George , a director of the International Racing Bureau which looks after the Japan Cup on behalf of the JRA , describes those fans as "  producing an atmosphere like I 've never seen before . " "  As the starter goes up in a lift to his starting position , there 's chanting and everyone hits their racing cards together , " she says . "  You ca n't help but get goosebumps from it . " Race meetings are incomparable to Europe . Only taking place on Saturdays and Sundays , as opposed to week-long schedules in many countries , the racing starts as early as 10.30 in the morning . The card usually consists of 10 races , with a break in the middle and usually a jumps race amid the array of flat racing on show . And such is its popularity , fans will camp out the night before to get tickets for the day 's action . All of it is run centrally by the JRA , with a stipulation that each trainer can oversee just 30 horses each . Increasingly , the caliber of horses is on the rise , with the Yoshida family in particular leading the way in buying the top horses across the globe -- starting in 1990 with American colt Sunday Silence , which sired Deep Impact among others . "  Over the past 20 years , they 've been buying English Derby winners and they 've now got some of the finest bloodstock in the world , " Dunlop says . "  They 've got very good horses and they 're becoming increasingly hard to beat . As a result , it 's very hard to win there . " The lure of Japan to trainers like Dunlop is obvious , with the pots on offer usually enormous . "  You can only race there if you 're invited over by the JRA and they pay for all your expenses to get there and while you 're over there , " he says . It is similar for jockeys too , and Moore is more familiar than most with the machinations of the Japanese horse-racing world , having first ridden there in 2006 . "  You get 5 % of the racing purse , which is generally half of what you 'd get in Europe , but the prize money is so much higher , " he says . "  It 's probably the best-run horse racing in the world . You never see any horses that are non-runners , no-one 's overweight and there 's never any hiccups . "  You can only ride there for three months at a time and only six foreign jockeys can be there at any one time . The standard of horses is as good as anywhere in the world . "  But being there is a very difficult culture . It 's about as alien from us as a culture as you can get . Everyone 's very helpful and the language is n't an issue as you have an interpreter with you the whole time . Sometimes it can be quite lonely out there as there 's not too many people speaking English . But the standard of racing is top class . " While Moore and his foreign peers can expect to be mobbed there , it is nothing in comparison to Japan 's own riders -- in particular Yutaka Take , who will ride Kizuna on Sunday . His first Arc ride was on board White Muzzle in 1994 , when the general consensus was that he did not have a good ride and finished sixth . He was then second on Deep Impact in 2006 when again he should well have won and was also third on Sagacity in 2001 . Tsuruoka says the 44-year-old "  is akin to a David Beckham in Japan , " such is the adulation , adding that "  he has been quite big in contributing to the development of horse racing in Japan over the past 25 years . " Should Take win on Kizuna , it would be doubly poignant . The horse 's name literally translates as "  ties " or "  bond , " and he was named in the wake of the 2011 tsunami by owner Shinji Maeda -- the colt in turn has become an equine hope for the nation . After his most recent win on Kizuna , Take said : "  I really appreciate being able to ride a horse with a name that carries so much emotional power and also because of the reason why he was called Kizuna . It gives me great pride to be given this responsibility . " Should Japan 's most celebrated jockey win riding a horse with arguably the most emotional baggage in memory of the 18,000 people that lost their lives , it will be the ultimate way for the nation to celebrate breaking its duck in Paris .	Japan bid to end their Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe hoodoo at Sunday 's big race English Derby winner Ryan Moore talks of football stadium-like mentality in Japanese racing Public obsesses about Kizuna jockey Yutaka Take , likened to the David Beckham of the sport Horse-breeding program ensures the best animals are brought in from around the globe
CNN  -- Bastian Schweinsteiger rescued a point for Bayern Munich as the German Bundesliga leaders were held to a 1-1 draw by Cologne on Saturday . The Germany international grabbed an equalizer for Bayern in the 58th minute as Louis van Gaal 's side missed the opportunity to increase their lead at the top of the table . Bayern had looked to be heading for their first defeat since November after former striker Lukas Podolski , who had earlier hit the post , gave Cologne the lead at the RheinEnergieStadion . Podolski struck a superb free-kick in the 32nd minute which deflected off goalkeeper Hans-Jorg Butt 's hand and into the top-left corner of the net . But the impressive Thomas Mueller set up midfielder Schweinsteiger and he stroked the ball home from just inside the penalty area to secure a point for Bayern . Schalke are hot on the heels of the leaders after they cruised to a 4-1 win at Eintracht Frankfurt to close the gap to two points thanks to goals from Joel Matip , Benedikt Howedes Ivan Rakitic and Kevin Kuranyi . Marcell Jansen scored the only goal of the game to ensure Hamburg remain in touch with the top three as they claimed a 1-0 win over Hertha Berlin at the HSH Nordbank Arena which left Hertha rooted to the bottom of the table . Stuttgart threw away a two-goal lead as they drew 2-2 with Werder Bremen . Sami Khedira and Pavel Pogrebnyak gave the visitors a 2-0 half-time advantage but Portugal striker Hugo Almeida pulled a goal back for Bremen before Torsten Frings leveled with nine minutes remaining . Elsewhere , Wolfsburg scored four second-half goals as they came from behind to a record a 4-1 win over Bochum thanks to a brace from Edin Dzeko and a goal apiece from Obafemi Martins and Jonathan Santana . Hannover clinched a vital three points over fellow relegation strugglers Freiburg with a 2-1 away victory as Papiss Demba Cisse put through his own net for the home side after Yacine Abdessadki had equalized Elson 's opener for the visitors . In the day 's late kick-off Borussia Dortmund kept up the chase for the Europa League with a routine 3-0 home victory over Borussia Monchengladbach . Egypt international Mohamed Zidan , who scored against England during the week , struck twice in the second half after Kevin Grosskreutz had given Dortmund the lead .	Midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger rescues a point for Bayern Munich at Cologne Schalke are hot on the heels of Bayern after they cruised to a 4-1 win at Eintracht Frankfurt Marcell Jansen scores the only goal of the game as Hamburg beat Hertha Berlin Hannover clinch a vital three points over fellow relegation strugglers Freiburg with a 2-1 away win
Washington  CNN  -- Investigators so far have failed to turn up any evidence that terrorism was involved in the September 3 crash of a UPS cargo plane in Dubai , a U.S. government official told CNN Tuesday . White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan told CNN Sunday that the United States was "  looking very carefully " at that crash -- in which the two pilots were killed -- to see if it could be related to the recent terror threat involving cargo aircraft . The Boeing 747 -- operated by UPS -- went down in Dubai , where one of two toner cartridge bombs was recovered just seven weeks later . The other was recovered on a plane in the U.K. . But as investigators in the United States and the United Arab Emirates continue to explore the cause of the crash , they say that at this time , there is no evidence of terrorism . Government investigators have reviewed the cargo plane 's manifest , a U.S. government source said . The official said that there were "  a few -- not many , but a few -- packages  on the UPS plane  that originated in Yemen . " "  However , they  investigators  have a basic idea of what part of the plane the fire started and these were nowhere near there , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the investigation . Also , officials in the United Arab Emirates have said -- and a U.S. official confirmed -- that the plane 's cockpit voice recorder has been examined and nothing on it indicates an explosion . Explosions have distinctive sound signatures , and that would have been recorded on the device , the official said . The UAE said it has "  eliminated the possibility of an onboard explosion , following a detailed onsite investigation of the wreckage . " U.S. authorities are n't going that far , saying only that the investigation is continuing . The official noted that a fire caused by an incendiary device , rather than an explosive device , would not have been recorded by the plane 's cockpit voice recorder . About 45 minutes after UPS Flight 6 departed Dubai International Airport for Cologne , Germany , the crew declared an emergency due to smoke in the cockpit . They requested a return to Dubai , but shortly before the plane got to the airport , it crashed . The cause of the fire is unknown , one official said . One thing investigators are looking at is lithium batteries , which are known to have been on the flight . Even if the lithium batteries were not the source of the fire , they could have made it worse if they were burned .	The U.S. had been looking carefully at the UPS crash for terror links Two pilots were killed in the incident There 's no indication of an explosion onboard the plane
Mashable  -- Facebook released a new version of its Questions feature on Thursday , the result of nearly a year of beta testing . The new version of Questions takes the focus off public inquiries  a service already dominated by Q&A sites like Quora  and instead focuses on soliciting recommendations from friends . "  There are a lot of places you can go on the internet to ask questions of people who you do n't know , but there are very few places you can go to get responses from your friends , " said Adrian Graham , a project manager for Questions . "  We thought that this is where we should focus . " The updated version will be rolled out to current testers first . When they start asking questions , the feature will automatically be pushed to their friends . Those who do n't want to wait for a friend to ask a question on their profile in order to use the new feature can download it here . For now , the feature is only available in English . Here 's a quick look at the new product : Asking a question When asking a question , users have an option to create a poll with restricted answers or one that allows anybody to add answers . The latter option is helpful if , for instance , they want to ask their friends for restaurant recommendations . Generally , this type of question only requires a short answer , but it 's not as though there are a limited number of options . Friends can add their favorite restaurants to the answer list easily , and if they have something else to say can write it in an attached comment section . For questions that do n't work with a poll format  i.e. "  Can we have a long discussion about the meaning of life ? "  , this comment section becomes the answer section . When we last checked in on the product in July , wall posts about Questions merely referenced isolated pages where friends could respond . Now questions can be answered and commented on within newsfeeds and profile pages . When a friend participates , the question is also posted to his or her profile page . Hypothetically , a compelling question could spread to every Facebook user in this way . Answering a question As users respond , each option 's box fills to reflect its popularity . This way , viewers see the poll questions and results at the same time . Facebook also displays the profile photos of respondents next to the options they select . More on social media from Mashable When users are adding an option to a poll-style question , Facebook prepopulates a drop-down menu with corresponding Facebook pages . One of these pages can be tacked to the answer so that other users can see a preview window of that page . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook 's new version is the result of nearly a year of beta testing Version focuses on soliciting recommendations from friends Updated version will be rolled out to current testers first
At least 22 people have been killed in three separate attacks in northeastern Nigeria since Friday , including 15 Christians shot Sunday inside a church , according to officials . The violence began early Friday when unidentified gunmen raided a village in Musari , in Borno state , killing five people , said Joint Task Force Lt. Col. Sagir Musa . JTF troops responded , and a gunbattle ensued . Three of the attackers were killed , and troops recovered weapons and ammunition . Musa declined to provide further details of the attack . Also Friday , gunmen with suspected ties to the Islamist militant group Boko Haram killed two people and wounded another in an attack in Maiha , in Adamawa state , according to Godfrey Okeke , Adamawa state commissioner . The attackers freed 35 inmates from the Maiha prison and set government buildings on fire , Okeke said . In Sunday 's attack , gunmen entered a church in Chibok , also in Borno state , and killed at least 15 worshipers , said Mohammed Kana , a regional official for the National Emergency Management Agency . "  Some of the people had their throats slit , " Kana said , citing NEMA staff who responded to the scene . Sunday 's violence comes six days after attackers raided two churches during Christmas Eve services , killing 12 people . Read more : 12 killed in attacks on two churches in Nigeria In October , a report from Human Rights Watch addressed the violence plaguing northern Nigeria , particularly from Boko Haram . The group 's name means "  Western education is forbidden . " It seeks to impose a strict version of Sharia law in the Muslim-dominated northern part of the country . "  Suspected members of the group have bombed or opened fire on worshipers in at least 18 churches across eight northern and central states since 2010 . In Maiduguri , capital of Borno state , the group also forced Christian men to convert to Islam on penalty of death , " it said . It is not immediately known whether the group was behind the latest attacks . Read more : Nigerian activist keeps family legacy alive	Fifteen Christians were killed Sunday at a church , emergency official says Seven others were killed Friday in two separate attacks in northern Nigeria The militant group Boko Haram has been blamed for recent religious violence
CNN  -- Thousands of people gathered Tuesday in Marrowbone , Kentucky , to lay to rest nine people who were killed in a crash in central Kentucky last week . John and Sadie Esh were killed when a tractor-trailer crossed the median on Interstate 65 and smashed into their van as they traveled to Iowa for a wedding . Four of the couple 's children -- Leroy , Rachel , Rose and Anna -- were also killed , according to the Rev. Leroy Kauffman with the Marrowbone Christian Brotherhood . Leroy 's wife , Naomi , and a baby the couple adopted were also killed , as was Rachel 's fiance , Joel Gingerich , he said . A family friend , also in the van , was killed as well . The driver of the tractor-trailer also died . Two boys , age 3 and 5 , whom Leroy and Naomi adopted , survived . "  They have lived their lives , God seemed fit to take them home , and we rest in that , " said Michael Kauffman , a member of the Mennonite community . He said family and friends had traveled from all over the United States to attend the funeral . CNN affiliate WBKO , quoting a media liaison at the services , said about 3,000 people attended . "  The amount of people who came is overwhelming to say the least , " Kauffman said . "  We have been very blessed with the amount of people who are here . " The nine were to be buried in a grassy spot where John and Sadie 's son Johnny was buried . He died while on a mission trip in the Ukraine three years ago , Leroy Kauffman said last week . "  I have not been to the grave site , but I feel like it 's the way it should be , " Michael Kauffman said . The family was traveling to the wedding of a woman who was on the mission trip with Johnny , Leroy Kauffman said . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash . No cause has been given .	9 family members , friend were in van driving to wedding in Iowa Tractor-trailer crossed median and hit van ; its driver also died Two boys , age 3 and 5 , survived
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There are likely to be two hot-button issues in Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's Supreme Court confirmation hearings as senators gauge not only her positions but also some controversial comments she has made . Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic woman to serve on the Supreme Court . Issue No. 1 : Abortion . It is the traditional hot-button issue in Supreme Court confirmation hearings . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll taken May 14-17 , 68 percent of Americans say they do n't want the court 's Roe vs. Wade decision giving constitutional protection to abortion rights overturned . The margin of error was plus or minus 3 percentage points . Sotomayor was raised Catholic . If she is confirmed , six out of the nine justices on the high court will be from the faith . Catholics make up about 25 percent of the U.S. population . Of the 110 people who have served on the Supreme Court , 11 have been Catholic . Five of those justices -- Samuel Alito , Anthony Kennedy , Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Chief Justice John Roberts -- are currently on the court . Read more about the justices on the court " Barbara Perry , a government professor at Sweetbriar College , said she sees Catholics as swing voters with a base of socially conservative principles , and therefore attractive for Republican presidents . Catholic League President Bill Donohue said Catholics have conservative credentials on issues such as abortion , without the political baggage of terms such as the "  religious right " or "  evangelicals . " "  Is it safer to nominate a Catholic as opposed to an evangelical to get votes ? I think the answer is decidedly yes . " Court observers wonder what , if anything , six Catholic justices would mean for Supreme Court decisions . The five Catholics on the bench concurred in a 2007 decision , Gonzales v. Carhart , which upheld a state ban on late-term abortions . Sotomayor has faced few abortion cases , and no tests on issues such as gay rights or the death penalty . However , Donohue expects a Justice Sotomayor to lean more left than her fellow Catholics on the court . Watch more on the issues confronting Sotomayor " "  I think she 's more reliably liberal , " Donohue said . Issue No. 2 : Same-sex marriage . Four states -- Connecticut , Iowa , Maine and Massachusetts -- allow same-sex couples to wed. . New Hampshire could soon follow with legislation pending before the state Legislature . Vermont has also legalized same-sex marriage . Same-sex couples in California , however , suffered a defeat Tuesday when California 's Supreme Court upheld the Proposition 8 ballot initiative in 2009 that outlawed same-sex marriage . The state had previously allowed such marriages after the same court ruled that , "  An individual 's sexual orientation -- like a person 's race or gender -- does not constitute a legitimate basis upon which to deny or withhold legal rights . " On Tuesday the court said : "  Our role is limited to interpreting and applying the principles and rules embodied in the California Constitution , setting aside our own personal beliefs and values . " Recent CNN polling has shown that a majority of Americans are against legal recognition of same-sex marriage . Fifty-four percent of Americans questioned in an April 23-26 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll said marriages between gay or lesbian couples should not be recognized as valid , while 44 percent said they should be considered legal . But there was a gap between the opinions of younger and older people , with younger people far more likely to approve of same-sex marriage . In fact , 58 percent of people age 18 to 34 said same-sex marriages should be legal . Among people ages 35 to 49 , 42 percent agreed , as did 41 percent of 50 - to 64-year-olds . Twenty-four percent of people 65 and older agreed . The survey 's sampling error was plus or minus 3 percentage points . But is marriage a right under the federal Constitution ? The federal courts have not ruled on that . "  That 's an issue that may well come up within the federal courts ... almost certain to do so , " Justice Samuel Alito has said . Will Sotomayor set aside her personal beliefs and values ? Maybe . A recent clip of Sotomayor has surfaced that is being used by opponents to prove their belief she will rule a certain way . "  The court of appeals is where policy is made . And I know , I know that this is on tape , and I should never say that . Because we do n't make law , I know , " she said at a 2005 conference at Duke University . "  OK , I know , I know . I 'm not promoting it , and I 'm not advocating it . " Read about Sotomayor 's key rulings " Another comment that could be scrutinized during the Senate hearings is from 2001 , when Sotomayor said the gender and ethnicity of judges does and should influence decisions . "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experience would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life , " she said . That comment has outraged conservative critics such as the group Judicial Watch , which said that if confirmed , Sotomayor may rule more on the basis of racial identity than law . "  It is outrageous and racist on its face , and if a nominee that had conservative credentials made a similar although reverse statement they would be laughed at . They would never be put on the court , " said Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch . But one liberal academic said too much is made of these comments and not enough of Sotomayor 's legal opinions . "  I do n't think having a particular background is going to cash out as having a particular ready style or opinion , " said New York University Professor Kenji Yoshino . "  If you actually read over 400 opinions that she has written , you will see she is a judge 's judge . " One case that will get greater scrutiny is Sotomayor 's role in dismissing the appeal of 19 white and one Latino firefighters from New Haven , Connecticut . They claim they were denied a promotion despite doing better on exams , because not enough minority candidates qualified . Sotomayor was one of a three-judge panel who in a one-paragraph summary sided with a lower court . Other judges on the court criticized the decision , arguing it failed to grapple with questions of exceptional importance . "  In a case like this where there are important competing concerns , it is important for the appellate court to explain the basis of her decision , " said Case Western Reserve University professor Jonathan Adler . He said it was as if the court wanted to "  make the case go away or brush it under the rug . " The Supreme Court decided it would hear the firefighters ' appeal . Legal analysts said they expect Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee will want to ask Sotomayor about her role in that case , as well as her comments about ethnicity and the bench . That , coupled with her views on abortion and same-sex marriage , could electrify an already heated debate over her nomination . Soon there will be even more known about Sotomayor . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and Jeff Sessions of Alabama , the committee 's ranking Republican , on Wednesday released the bipartisan questionnaire the Senate Judiciary Committee has asked Sotomayor to complete . Once the questionnaire is completed and returned to the committee , copies will be made available online and in print . CNN 's Lisa Dejardins contributed to this report .	Judge Sonia Sotomayor nominated to be the next Supreme Court Justice Sotomayor likely to face hot-button issues in Senate confirmation hearings She has also come under fire for controversial statements , rulings
CNN  -- This is Linda DeRegnaucourt 's last summer off . When school starts in August , it will be her last year to think about high school classes , advanced placement tests and calculus . If all goes as planned , this will be her last year teaching at Palm Bay High School in Brevard County , Florida . She does n't want to go . After 13 years of teaching high-level math , she has a tested stable of learning methods that helped all her students pass the AP calculus exam . Her room is a popular place for students to escape the drama of the high school cafeteria . Few jobs can indulge her excitement for linear functions and matrix calculus . "  I hate to have to leave it , " DeRegnaucourt said . "  I really thought I was going to be that teacher , 65 years old and retiring from the education field . That 's not going to happen . " She 's quitting , she said , because she ca n't afford to stay . Two years ago , a divorce left 47-year-old DeRegnaucourt with a single income . Rental properties she owned only caused more financial strain as Florida 's real estate market fell apart in recent years . Despite her years of experience , she earns $ 38,000 , she said , less than she made in the past , when teachers received larger supplements for additional certifications . Once she made a budget , she realized she did n't make enough money to cover her expenses and save for her future . Changing careers felt like the only wise financial move , she said . DeRegnaucourt is n't the only one . Attracting the best students to teaching -- and keeping them -- is tough for schools across the country . Average starting teaching salaries are $ 39,000 , and rise with experience to an average of $ 54,000 , according to "  Closing the Talent Gap , " a 2010 report by McKinsey & Company . Teacher salaries ca n't compete with other careers , the report said , and annual teacher turnover in the United States is 14 % . At "  high-needs " high schools , it is 20 % . The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development data from 2007 said the United States ranks 20th out of 29 for starting teacher salaries , and 23rd out of 29 for teacher salaries after 15 years . But it 's not just the pay , DeRegnaucourt said , "  It 's the way we 're treated . " Her colleagues have waited until just before school starts to learn what courses they 'll be teaching , she said . Uncertainty makes it impossible to prepare , hard to succeed . "  Five years ago , 10 years ago , kids would ask me , should they become teachers ? I was like , ` Oh , God , yes , I love what I do , ' " she said . "  Now , I tell my kids , ` You 're really , really bright . Why do n't you think about going into  this or that ?  ' They have the potential to be doctors , lawyers , nurses , CEOs and scientists . Why would I recommend to my kids , who I absolutely love , to struggle for years ? " This year , she 's finishing the prerequisite courses needed to enroll in nursing school . DeRegnaucourt hopes to spend a couple of more years learning , then work in emergency care nursing to gain experience . "  It 's challenging , " she said , "  but there 's not a whole lot that 's more challenging than doing upper level mathematics . " Here 's what DeRegnaucourt had to say about her decision to leave teaching . CNN : Why did you go into teaching ? DeRegnaucourt : When my son was 6 years old , the school system that he was in in Georgia , it did not allow the teacher to take her planning days unless she could find a volunteer sub . She had to ask for parental volunteers . I told her at the beginning of the year , ' I work at night . I 'll take every single one of your days . I can substitute for you . ' I really enjoyed working with the kids . Then I read an article in the paper , and it said that  most  boys get the same educations as their mothers . I had not gone to college . I wanted my son to be college educated . It was time for me to go back to school . I knew that math was an area where I would never , ever worry about getting a job as a teacher . If you 're in math or physics or chemistry , you can write your own ticket . CNN : Had you always been interested in math ? DeRegnaucourt : I was not a good student in high school . I really needed a teacher to take me under their wing and go "  Look , you have potential . " I did n't have that teacher . I missed a lot of school . You ca n't be good at math unless you are present to learn it . When I went back to school , my first math class was pre-pre-college math ... you did n't even get a grade for it , you just got pass or fail . I remember starting in negative numbers ; I never even knew negative numbers existed , except in my checking account . Whatever I did learn in high school , I had forgotten . I was 29 years old . I had been out of school for 11 years . I had a teacher for developmental math named Ms. Sifton , and she was amazing . Out of my entire career , she was the best math professor I ever had . I loved math . CNN : Did that influence how you teach ? DeRegnaucourt : I did n't take Ms. Sifton for granted . The way she made it so elemental , and gave me that strong base to go ahead and succeed . What I have found is most people are n't awful at math , even if math is not your strength . You can be successful , given the right mentor . It definitely influenced the way I teach . I have always had a very open relationship with my students . I do n't believe I deserve respect because I 'm older . I deserve it because I 've earned it , and you deserve it because you 've earned it . The majority of the really , really amazing techniques I have came from students . I worked summers for years . I taught a six-week class where students could either remediate or jump ahead . You taught it for an eight-hour day . I had a young man , Victor Rodriguez . He came up to me , "  Ms. D , we 're just learning and learning and learning . We 're just forgetting and forgetting and forgetting . We need to practice it . " I asked "  What do you think we should do ? " He said , "  I think we need to go to the boards . " Every day , except on test days , my kids go to the board  to work math problems in front of each other  . If they finish and they get it right , I give them a thumbs up and they go help another student . The best teaching technique I have -- it came from Victor Rodriguez . CNN : Why did you decide to leave teaching ? DeRegnaucourt : I have had to learn how to budget . In those thoughts , I came to the realization that the money I make is n't enough . It is n't enough to live alone . That realization was daunting . As educators , we make what we make , nothing more , nothing less . In industry , if I 'm valuable , my company can keep me by making the package they offer me more attractive . In education , the principal 's hands are tied . You just never know what the future holds . I still need to plan for the future . CNN : Why did you choose nursing ? DeRegnaucourt : I 'm happiest when I feel like I 'm making a difference in another individual 's life . There are other things I could do . I could take actuarial exams . I could easily pass those ; it 's math . Do I want to be an actuary , doing risk assessment for an insurance company with no human contact ? No , thank you . What 's really amazing is that nurses , with a two-year degree , make $ 20,000 more than I do . CNN : How did your students react when they learned this would be your last year teaching ? DeRegnaucourt : My students were the first ones to know . One student comes to mind : Just the other day , he e-mailed and asked me to call him . He wanted to confirm again I would be there next year . The ones who were leaving , they do n't care . I 've already done for them what I needed to do . My juniors moving up to calculus , they were distraught . They know I know what I 'm doing . They know what it 's like to have a teacher who does n't know what they 're doing . They 've all had bad teachers . We all have . CNN : What do you hope your students take away from their time in your classes ? DeRegnaucourt : Kids come into my classroom , and everyone thinks they 're all math geeks . They 're not . I have so many kids who take my class because they want the calculus credit for college , but they 're not the kind of kid who could go to a college calculus class and meet with success . I want them to get a love not of mathematics , just knowledge , just learning . I want them to always remember how anything was possible .	After a successful 13-year teaching career , Linda DeRegnaucourt plans to quit . She earns about $ 38,000 per year -- too little to cover expenses , she says Nationally , attracting the best students to teaching is hard because of low pay . DeRegnaucourt plans to pursue nursing , which is likely to pay $ 20,000 more per year .
CNN  -- Marissa Tarabocchia , a student at Villanova University in Pennsylvania , says she does n't subscribe to any newspapers . Instead , she gets her news from the Web . "  I can go -LSB- online -RSB- and find out what 's happening in a matter of minutes , " she says . "  It 's definitely more convenient and accessible -- and fast , easy and free . " Print newspaper subscriptions have declined for years as younger readers increasingly turn to digital sources for news . And surveys have shown that more younger readers are getting their news not through traditional news sites , but from Facebook and Twitter . That is why Tarabocchia is exactly the type of reader newspapers are trying to seduce with a saucy new marketing campaign . Dubbed "  Smart is the New Sexy , " the campaign by the Newspaper Association of America seeks to promote the value of newspapers through several digital and social media outlets . The campaign encourages consumers to share their personal connection to newspapers through the papers ' Facebook and Twitter accounts -- with the hashtag #smartsexy -- to spark conversations online . That 's right : Newspapers , threatened by emerging technologies , are now learning how to embrace them . "  We want to generate a national dialogue about the value of newspaper media , " said Cheryl Sadowski , vice president of communications for the NAA . "  We 're doing this by asking consumers their thoughts on how being smart can be attractive . " The "  Smart is the New Sexy " catchphrase promotes the idea that gaining knowledge from reading newspapers makes people more attractive -- as an NAA tagline explains , "  because a little depth looks great on you . " Three different ads will run for six weeks in more than 1,000 member newspapers , digitally and in print . The campaign launches at a time when more Americans are reading news online . Traffic to newspaper websites was up 20 % in September from a year ago , according to Internet tracking firm comScore . "  The newspaper brand remains very strong in the hearts and minds of consumers , " Caroline Little , NAA president and CEO , said in a statement . "  The campaign speaks to the many reasons people value their newspapers , and to the various platforms through which newspapers deliver that value . " Early reaction to the Smart/Sexy campaign , which some see as a desperate attempt to reinvigorate a struggling industry , has been mostly positive . "  It made me laugh when I first read it , " said Stephanie Taylor , a senior at Oklahoma State University . "  The saying ` sex sells ' has always proven to be true . Even though it is n't selling sex per se , the word ` sex ' in and of itself will attract young people . Once you draw them in with the catchphrase and they read what it is really about , then it will get them thinking . " To create more consumer engagement , the campaign also encourages readers to submit videos about what their newspapers mean to them . The best ones are showcased on NAA 's YouTube and Facebook pages . "  As long we can spark a conversation and get a national dialogue , that 's all we hope to expect , " Little said .	Newspaper Association of America has a new ad campaign to raise newspaper awareness NAA CEO says the campaign is using social media platforms to spark a "  national dialogue " Campaign is aims to generate tweets , Facebook posts and videos from consumers Three ads will run for six weeks in more than 1,000 member newspapers , digitally and in print
CNN  -- At least 25 people have died after Typhoon Usagi slammed into the coast of southern China , state media reported Monday . Bringing strong winds and heavy rain , Usagi forced the relocation of hundreds of thousands of people , the cancellation of hundreds of flights and the closing of a major shipping lane . "  Usagi has devastated the eastern part of Guangdong , " where it made landfall late Sunday , the state-run news agency Xinhua said . The storm trashed construction sites , damaged hundreds of homes and cut off power and water , the news agency reported . Twenty-five people have so far been confirmed dead , it said . At one point the most powerful storm so far this year , Usagi has menaced the region for days . It left at least two people dead and three others missing in the Philippines and at least nine people injured in Taiwan . The typhoon weakened Sunday as it got nearer to the Chinese coast , but was still packing sustained winds of around 160 kilometers per hour  100 mph  when it hit land . By Monday afternoon , it had faded to become a tropical depression . The densely populated financial center of Hong Kong , which had appeared to be in the storm 's path before it began to track in a more northerly direction on Sunday , avoided the worst of its fury . Seventeen people in the territory sought medical attention , eight of whom were admitted to hospitals , authorities said . Flights disrupted Usagi , which means rabbit in Japanese , also wreaked havoc on transportation , forcing the cancellation of hundreds of flights at Hong Kong International Airport , according to airport officials . With thousands of passengers stranded , airlines and airport authorities were scrambling to deal with the backlog as flights resumed Monday . Major Chinese airlines , including China Southern Air , canceled flights into the provinces of Guangdong and Fujian , Xinhua reported . In preparation for the storm 's arrival , four of six reactors at the Daya Bay Nuclear Power Station in Shenzhen reduced their operating capacity , Guangdong authorities told Xinhua . A total of 226,000 people were relocated in Guangdong , the news agency cited the local civil affairs bureau as saying . The typhoon severely damaged or destroyed 7,100 houses , it reported . In neighboring Fujian Province , more than 80,000 people were evacuated and 50,000 disaster-relief personnel were deployed , Xinhua reported . A major shipping lane between Guangdong province , Hong Kong and Taiwan was closed Saturday in anticipation of the storm 's arrival . More than 22,000 fishing boats in Fujian and another 48,000 in Guangdong have been ordered into port , authorities told Xinhua . East Asia is buffeted for several months a year by heavy storms that roll in from the Pacific . At its peak , Usagi eclipsed Super Typhoon Utor , which hit the Philippines and South China last month , as the strongest storm of the year so far . About 50 people died as result of Utor in China , and 11 people were killed in the Philippines . CNN 's Anjali Tsui , Jethro Mullen and Pamela Boycoff contributed to this report .	Typhoon Usagi damaged hundreds of houses in Guangdong province More than 200,000 people had to be relocated because of the storm Hong Kong , which had been in its path , avoided a severe impact Airlines are scrambling to deal with hundreds of canceled flights
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The legal troubles threatening to send Chris Brown to prison for several years began with the singer 's arrest five years ago in the brutal attack on then-girlfriend Rihanna . Brown has spent almost all of the past six months either in rehab or jail . He 's been locked up since he was booted from a court-ordered substance abuse and anger management program on March 14 . Brown has two pending criminal cases , both stemming from his alleged inability to control his anger . Brown 's D.C. assault case Brown , 24 , and his bodyguard , Christopher Hollosy , allegedly punched Parker Adams after a quick exchange of words on a sidewalk blocks from the White House last October . Brown was arrested on a felony assault charge , but it was reduced to a misdemeanor and he was released on bond the next day . The trial is set to begin Wednesday in D.C. Superior Court . The judge who presided over the separate trial of Brown 's bodyguard was taken off of Brown 's case Monday . D.C. Superior Judge Patricia Wynn said as she announced her guilty verdict for Hollosy that she believed the testimony of a limousine driver who said he saw Brown hit Adams and that Adams did not fight back . Replacing Wynn with Judge A. Franklin Burgess , a retired judge , gives Brown a fresh start with a judge who has not already given an opinion on the evidence against him . Brown 's defense has been complicated by Hollosy 's conviction , because the bodyguard 's testimony could hurt his own appeal . Prosecutors are considering whether they will grant immunity to Hollosy for anything he says in Brown 's trial . Brown 's lawyer , Mark Geragos , says the bodyguard 's testimony is crucial to Brown 's defense . Hollosy did not take the stand in his own trial , but his lawyer indicated Hollosy would say that he hit Adams because Adams was trying to get on Brown 's bus , and it was his job to protect his client . California probation revoked A conviction in the Washington case would be trouble for Brown because of his probation for the felony assault conviction in Los Angeles . The judge overseeing that case has already ruled that the singer violated his probation by being arrested last October , but he is waiting until after the D.C. trial to decide whether the revocation will become final . The revocation decision will be made at a hearing after Brown returns to Los Angeles from Washington . Planes , chains and automobiles : Chris Brown 's miserable trip to trial If convicted in Washington , Brown faces another grueling "  Con Air " trip . The U.S. Marshal 's Service is committed to returning him to the Los Angeles jail through the U.S. Justice Department 's notoriously slow and uncomfortable prisoner transport system . If Brown is acquitted in the Washington case , his lawyer will argue that he should be immediately released from jail and allowed to resume his probation . Even then , Brown must work at least three days a week on a road clean-up crew to complete more than 700 hours of community labor remaining on his sentence in the Rihanna assault .	NEW : Brown gets a new judge after bodyguard is found guilty Brown 's criminal cases stem from his alleged inability to control anger A Los Angeles probation hearing depends on the outcome of his D.C. trial Even if acquitted in D.C. , Brown has 700 hours of community service remaining
CNN  -- One of the victims Jerry Sandusky was convicted of sexually abusing has filed a lawsuit against Penn State University , accusing the school of concealing the abuse . Attorneys for the boy the grand jury identified as "  Victim 1 " filed the lawsuit Friday , claiming the university was more concerned with "  protecting the reputation and commercial viability of its football program " than rooting out a sexual predator of children . It further accused ousted Penn State President Graham Spanier , head football coach Joe Paterno , and former administrators Tim Curley and Gary Schultz of knowing that "  Sandusky was a dangerous , sociopathic sexual predator who had previously raped , sodomized , and/or otherwise seriously harmed young boys on the Penn State campus , and who was substantially likely to continue to engage in similar conduct in the future . " The plaintiff was identified as 18-year-old "  John Doe C , " who said during earlier court proceedings that Sandusky had repeatedly performed oral sex on him when he was a minor . Penn State to host sex abuse conference "  The university takes these cases very seriously but can not otherwise comment on pending litigation , " school spokesman David La Torre said . "  President Erickson and the Board of Trustees have publicly emphasized that their goal is to find solutions that rest on the principle of justice for the victims . " Sandusky , a former assistant football coach at the university , was convicted in June of sexually abusing 10 boys over a 15-year period . He continues to maintain his innocence . Former FBI Director Louis Freeh released a 267-page university-funded report last month that blamed Spanier , Paterno , Curley and Schultz for taking part in a cover-up to avoid bad publicity . The report has been criticized for its limited scope : Neither graduate assistant Mike McQueary -- who reported seeing Sandusky abuse one boy -- nor Sandusky or Paterno , who died in January , were interviewed by Freeh 's investigators . Spanier , Curley and Schultz could not be immediately reached for comment Saturday . Curley and Schultz still face felony perjury counts amid accusations of lying to a grand jury and failing to report suspected child abuse . They have pleaded not guilty . Attorneys for Spanier on Wednesday blasted the review , calling it a "  blundering , indefensible indictment " and "  a flat-out distortion of facts " that was "  infused with bias and innuendo . "	Attorneys for the boy the grand jury identified as "  Victim 1 " filed the lawsuit on Friday He testified that Sandusky had repeatedly performed oral sex on him Penn State : "  The university takes these cases very seriously "
United Nations  CNN  -- Suksma Ratri separated from her husband after suffering ongoing domestic violence . But four years ago , the young mother from Indonesia found out her ex-husband had become extremely ill , and possibly had AIDS . Ratri immediately went to her doctor to be tested . The results were what she says she largely expected at that point -- she was HIV-positive . Ratri told her story to a gathering of journalists at the United Nations Tuesday , in a press conference to announce the launch of a new campaign by UNAIDS , the U.N. 's joint program on HIV/AIDS . The organization is launching a five-year program to help fight the growing number of issues surrounding women becoming infected with HIV/AIDS . Their initiatives include curbing violence against women , increasing available preventative care and treatment , and better enforcing human rights on an international scale . By focusing on those issues , the campaign hopes to effectively battle to the high rate of HIV infection among females around the world . Like many women , Ratri became a victim in a global epidemic that is the leading cause of death and disease among those between the ages of 15 to 49 worldwide . The disease has been disproportionately affecting women for several years , a change in the trend that once applied to men when the virus became well-known in the early 1980s . Now separated from her husband , Ratri serves as an activist for the rights of migrants in Asia to reduce their vulnerabilities to HIV . She lives openly with her disease , a decision she says allows her to overcome the stigma concerning people who are HIV-positive . Ratri says she was lucky to be able to accept her status as HIV-positive as quickly as she did . "  I needed to fight the stigma , " she said . "  I needed to be open . " She is well aware that people are taken aback when they find out she has HIV . She often hears people comment on the fact that she seems "  normal " despite the presence of infection . "  It 's just I have the virus and you do n't , " said Ratri . "  That 's the only difference between us . " UNAIDS is also receiving some star-studded support for the program . Internationally renowned singer Annie Lennox was on hand at the United Nations to voice her support . At the invitation of former President Nelson Mandela , she visited South Africa , where HIV prevalence among women ages 15 to 24 years is three times higher than that of men of the same age . The high rate of sexual violence against women in that country is believed to contribute to the growing number of HIV/AIDS cases . Every ten minutes , a woman is raped in the country , totaling more than 54,000 attacks per year , according to authorities . After witnessing the effects of HIV/AIDS on South African women for herself , Lennox says she was moved to help the dire situation . "  There were not enough things being done to address a very urgent chronic endemic situation , " said Lennox . "  Many mothers who could have been alive to take care of their children were not there anymore . " Lennox released her fourth solo album , "  Songs of Mass Destruction , " in October 2007 , including a song that launched a campaign to raise awareness and support South African women affected by the HIV virus and AIDS pandemic . "  Women are the face  of HIV/AIDS  now . Stigma runs from the very top echelons of society , all the way down to the poor , " said Lennox . "  The women  have to be able to come out of the shadows , and we must represent them , " she said .	UNAIDS launched a five-year program to battle the high rate of HIV infection among women Initiatives include increasing available preventative care and treatment Singer Annie Lennox is supporting the new women-focused campaign
CNN  -- If only what happened in Vegas had stayed in Vegas . Everything that made "  The Hangover " such an unexpected hit -- its bold , brilliant pick-up-the-pieces story structure ; the way it reveled in exposing the wild side of its outwardly conventional  if mismatched  buddies ; and the big dose of strange that was Zack Galifianakis in his breakthrough movie role -- has been squandered and cheapened in two uninspired , largely mirthless and meretricious sequels . So much for hair of the dog . At least this time Todd Phillips and co-writer Craig Mazin have come up with some new beats in "  The Hangover Part III , " instead of presenting a carbon copy of the first film .  Original writers Jon Lucas and Scott Moore are long gone , of course .  If you 're looking for plot , they 've got one . It 's lazy , but at least it 's straightforward . Phil , Stu and Doug  Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms and Justin Bartha  are escorting their emotionally volatile buddy Alan  Zack Galifianakis  to a rehab clinic when they 're forced off the road . Crime boss Marshall  John Goodman  explains -- at length -- how their old sparring partner Chow  Ken Jeong  has escaped from a Bangkok prison . Marshall means to hold Doug captive until the Wolfpack produces Chow and the gold bullion he stole . The hunt for Chow takes them to Mexico , for no very good reason , then back to Nevada , for closure  we hope  . If Goodman seems subdued after his big , boisterous turns in "  Argo " and "  Flight , " it could be because the writing is so hack -- or maybe he figured there was just no way anyone was going further over the top than Ken Jeong , whose angry cokehead / rabid degenerate shtick is way beyond funny . His seething hatred for man and beast  "  Make sure you kill the guard dogs , " he insists at one point  is so venomous it smacks of some kind of warped integrity . Not that Phillips and company are aiming for warm and fuzzy here . The movie begins  you probably saw a PG version in the trailer  with a giraffe coming to a sticky end on a highway overpass . After buttering us up with this grotesque roadkill , the writers follow through with a scene of Alan blithely badgering his father into a fatal heart attack . It 's daring , I suppose , almost a form of anti-comedy . It 's so divorced from anything you would want to laugh at . Except that almost none of the audience I saw it with was laughing . Too often , in "  Hangover III , " profanity passes for wit and bad taste is equated with taboo-busting . If there is something subversive about Alan 's man-love for Phil -- and Galifianakis ' presexual overgrown adolescent remains the movie 's closeted comedic focal point -- it 's all bound up in an ugly tangle of homophobic taunts , male bonding cliches , and the virtual exclusion of the opposite sex  Heather Graham 's solitary scene very much included  . For a series built on friendship , this is one cold and alienating movie , a comedy for sociopaths . The longer we hang out with these guys , the less fun they are to be with . And judging by the way he seems to be edging out of the frame all the time , I 'm guessing Bradley Cooper feels the same way . It may represent a marginal improvement on the disastrous second film , but there must be a hole in the desert somewhere big enough to bury this sorry , sordid franchise once and for all .	The gang is all back for this "  Hangover " sequel This time the action takes them to Mexico Critic calls it "  a comedy for sociopaths "
CNN  -- One of the most dominant theories of this year 's presidential election is that President Barack Obama 's re-election prospects have been undermined by high unemployment levels . Yet despite a dismal labor market , which saw a net increase of only 103,000 private-sector jobs for August , the president has been widening his lead over Mitt Romney in recent days . This raises the possibility that other factors are trumping high unemployment . To be sure , the fact that the unemployment rate has remained above 8 % throughout Obama 's first term has greatly contributed to the sense among many that his economic agenda has been a failure . Perhaps the most memorable speech at the Democratic National Convention , by former President Bill Clinton , was devoted to defending the current president 's job creation record , a clear sign that Democrats recognize it as their central vulnerability . Opinion : Bill Clinton brings it for Obama Yet one of the ironies of the 2012 presidential campaign is that the incumbent president has benefited from strong support among many of the constituencies that have been hardest-hit by high unemployment levels , particularly black Americans and Latino Americans . This has left the Romney campaign in the position of having to win over voters who 've fared relatively well since 2008 . Unfortunately , we do n't have reliable or consistent data on the political preferences of the unemployed . The numbers we do have are fragmentary . For example , a recent survey of 18-to-29-year-old voters sponsored by the Youth Engagement Fund found that while only 14 % of Romney voters were unemployed , almost a third of Obama voters were unemployed . Undecided voters fell somewhere in between , with 25 % of them unemployed . This hardly settles the question , but the fact that the president fares so well with demographic groups that have experienced higher unemployment rates is nevertheless suggestive . Perhaps the most obvious explanation is that voters interpret economic data through the lens of their cultural and political affiliations . Voters who are disinclined to favor a Democratic incumbent will be more likely to interpret disappointing jobs numbers as an indictment of Obama while voters who are more favorably disposed towards Democrats will maintain that he is doing the best that can be expected of him in the face of powerful economic and political headwinds . With that in mind , we can learn a great deal by taking a closer look at different groups in different states . For example , of the three states with unemployment rates above 10 % , two , California and Rhode Island , are heavily urban , coastal states that overwhelmingly support Obama . The third , Nevada , is more closely contested , though most surveys find that the state is leaning toward backing the president . This is despite the fact that Nevada is one of the states that has been most adversely impacted by the housing bust . The state is also 27 % Latino . And though its electorate is considerably less so , the fact that Latinos tend to favor Democrats more strongly than do white Anglos has given the president a significant boost . Opinion : Three hurdles for Obama , Romney The political configuration of states with unemployment levels from 8 % to 10 % is also quite interesting . Indiana , Kentucky , Tennessee , Mississippi , Georgia and South Carolina are all in the Romney column . Several of these states are part of the cultural region political analyst Sean Trende has called "  Greater Appalachia , " a region that moved toward the GOP even as the rest of the country moved away from it between 2004 and 2008 . Others , including Mississippi , Georgia and South Carolina , have electorates that are defined by racial polarization . The large black minorities in these states tend to be strongly Democratic while the white majorities tend to be strongly Republican . Moreover , unemployment rates in the black population in these Deep South states tend to be much higher than unemployment rates in the white population . This implies that many of the president 's strongest supporters in these states have been touched by unemployment , either directly or indirectly , while many of his staunchest critics have emerged unscathed . Many of the unemployed and underemployed households in these states have benefited from the extension of unemployment benefits , the expansion of eligibility for the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program and other social transfer programs that the president and congressional Democrats fought for as part of the 2009 fiscal stimulus law and in subsequent budget battles with congressional Republicans . The Obama-supporting states with unemployment levels between 8 % and 10 % -- such as New York , New Jersey and Connecticut in the northeastern United States , Illinois in the Midwest and Washington and Oregon in the Pacific Northwest -- are states in which college-educated voters , who 've fared relatively well in the post-crisis economy , have shifted to the Democratic Party at least since the Clinton presidency . These are in a sense the Obama voters who do n't present much of a puzzle -- relatively insulated from the weak economy , they 're more likely to vote on the basis of their socially liberal values . Less affluent voters in these states , meanwhile , disproportionately benefit from the aid programs championed by the president and his allies . Opinion : Harsh realities for Democrats Earlier this summer , John Hudak , a political scientist based at the Brookings Institution , shed light on this underlying dynamic by considering how Democratic and Republican officials at the state level have responded to Obama 's health care reform , the Affordable Care Act . So while Democratic elected officials rely more heavily on the support of voters who are far more likely to be uninsured , e.g. , black Americans  22 % of whom are uninsured  and Latino Americans  32 % of whom are uninsured  . Republican elected officials , meanwhile , reply more heavily on white voters , only 14 % of whom are uninsured . There are a number of contested states in the 8 % to 10 % unemployment range , including Michigan , North Carolina , Florida , Colorado and Arizona . Florida , Colorado and Arizona are all states in which a surging Latino population has given the Democrats a foothold . North Carolina has a large and politically engaged black population as well as a growing population of college-educated social liberals , the combination of which has made the state more politically competitive than neighboring South Carolina . Michigan , which is still considered a swing state despite having voted for Democratic presidential candidates since 1992 , is quite distinctive . It has a black population slightly larger than the national average and a high concentration of union members , many of whom are clustered in the politically important automotive industry . The Obama administration has frequently touted its support for the auto industry , the cost of which continues to climb . As recently as last year , former auto czar Steve Rattner claimed that the ultimate cost to taxpayers of the $ 82 billion of government funds invested in the GM and Chrysler bailouts would be $ 14 billion . Earlier this month , the U.S. Treasury Department estimated that it would eventually cost the federal government $ 25.1 billion . Michigan voters have good reason to believe that an Obama administration would be more likely than a Romney administration to offer domestic automobile manufacturers future cash infusions . Many states with unemployment levels between 6 % and 8 % are solidly in the Republican camp ; for example , Alaska , Montana , Idaho , Utah , Kansas , Texas , Arkansas , Louisiana and West Virginia . These are states that have done reasonably well during the Obama years but nevertheless oppose his re-election . The states in this tier that back the president include states with large numbers of affluent college-educated voters and large minority populations , such as Pennsylvania , Maryland , Massachusetts and Delaware , and also states with very distinctive demographic profiles , such as heavily Asian Hawaii , heavily Latino New Mexico and Maine , a state that is both very white and very poor . The swing states in this tier -- Wisconsin , Ohio and Missouri -- are states in which Mitt Romney will have to win over large numbers of employed white voters . And that is also true of New Hampshire , Virginia and Iowa , swing states in which the unemployment rate is between 4 % and 6 % . New Hampshire is heavily white and socially liberal , and its economy has fared well in recent years . Romney will thus have to make an ideological appeal to tax-sensitive voters concerned about deficits and debt . A similar dynamic applies to Iowa as well . Virginia has a large minority population that is supportive of Obama , but it also contains a large number of tax-sensitive suburbanites who might be amenable to Romney 's conservative message . Romney has oil-and-gas-oriented low unemployment states such as South Dakota , Wyoming and Oklahoma locked up . But the incumbent is comfortably ahead in Minnesota and Vermont . At a state-by-state level , at least , there does n't appear to be a straight line between high unemployment levels and opposition to Obama . High unemployment does matter -- but judging by the state of the race right now , it seems to matter more because employed voters , including many who 've fared relatively well in recent years , see it as a sign of economic failure than because unemployed voters will turn out against the president in droves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	There 's a widespread view that unemployment levels are hurting Obama 's re-election chances Reihan Salam : It seems Obama has strong support from groups more likely to be jobless He says Romney is left in the position of having to appeal to those who have fared better Unemployment matters because even those who have done well see rate as a failure , he says
CNN  -- House Republicans have been forced to close a potential loophole on their much-touted insider trading law -- a loophole CNN uncovered and reported about last month . Because of CNN 's report , the Senate and House passed new legislation Thursday to close the loophole that could have allowed family members of some lawmakers to profit from inside information . Senators who were critical of the loophole after it was unearthed applauded the fix . The STOCK Act , one of the rare bipartisan bills passed this year , was signed by President Barack Obama in April . Obama signs STOCK Act to address ` deficit of trust ' in Washington Lawmakers proclaimed that the bill , officially called the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act , would restore trust in government . It also applied new rules to some employees of the executive branch . But CNN discovered the law that members of Congress thought they voted for earlier this year was n't exactly as advertised . The STOCK Act requires that any trades of $ 1,000 or more made on or after July 3 have to be reported to the House and Senate within 45 days . But the House and Senate came out with two completely different interpretations of that rule . In the Senate , the Ethics Committee released one page of guidelines in June ruling that members and their spouses and dependent children all have to file reports after they make stock or securities trades . But the House Ethics Committee disagreed . Its 14-page memo released in June found that House members and aides covered by the law that their spouses and children were not covered . The Office of Government Ethics , which oversees all federal executive branch employees , sided with the House , informing its employees that their spouses and children do n't need to file these periodic reports . Both of the lead sponsors of the Senate bill did n't realize the discrepancy until CNN brought it to their attention last month . Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown , the only Republican senator to attend the White House signing ceremony , said he was "  obviously very concerned . " "  Say I find out some information , I tell my wife and she goes and trades on it , what 's the difference ? " Brown told CNN . Brown , who speaks constantly about this bill in his neck-and-neck race for re-election against consumer advocate Elizabeth Warren , said the whole point of passing the law was to demonstrate that members of Congress were n't held to a different standard . Massachusetts Senate race in a dead heat "  I mean , bottom line , we 're supposed to have that level of transparency and have us be treated like every other member of the United States and bottom line , if we ca n't do it , then -- sorry , if they ca n't do it -- then we should n't be able to do it as well . " Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , also criticized the House decision not to include congressional spouses and children when the loophole was brought to her attention . "  I think it 's wrong , and I think it 's unfortunate because the reality is the whole point of this legislation is we should play by the exact same rules as every other American citizen , and when all of America looks at Washington , they know it 's broken . " "  We 're trying to restore just a small measure of confidence through this kind of transparency and accountability , " Gillibrand said . After CNN told Brown about the House interpretation , Brown fired off a letter to his GOP colleagues in the House , Speaker John Boehner and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor . "  The House interpretation leaves a loophole and the appearance of an ongoing double standard , " Brown said in the letter . "  It is deeply troubling that the House of Representatives and Executive Branch would attempt to operate under a substantially weaker interpretation than the Senate , " he added , demanding that the House adopt the Senate 's view and require all spouses and dependents to begin reporting stock trades . Why was there a difference ? Robert Walker , a Washington ethics attorney and former chief counsel for both the House and Senate Ethics Committees , explained that the Senate bill did include a provision that covered spouses and children , but when Cantor 's office wrote the House version , this language was shifted to a different section of the bill . The change meant that spouses and dependent children were n't subject to the new reporting requirements . "  The House recrafted some of the provisions of it and moved some of the provisions around . In that process , some of the Senate bill that applied to filing of these new reports was moved from one section of the bill to the other , " Walker said . The Senate Ethics Committee decided to stick with the spirit of the law that senators originally intended , but the House Ethics Committee went with the letter of the law , which included the loophole not requiring spouses and children to report financial transactions in a timely fashion . More Congress : No aid for farmers amid drought Why did it matter ? The loophole went to the heart of what the STOCK Act set out to do . While there were already laws in place barring members of Congress or the executive branch from profiting from nonpublic information that they learn in the course of their duties , it was extremely difficult for those at the Securities and Exchange Commission to enforce those laws . The financial disclosure forms House members and senators were already required to file only come out once a year , making it tough to track any relationship between legislative action and a stock trade . That 's why the STOCK Act added the rule that after each trade over $ 1,000 a report had to be filed in a timely manner . Walker stressed the new law provides "  more immediacy , more real time so that the public could have more real-time understanding of what their members , of their senior staff and other high government officials were doing with their finances , what kinds of trades were they making . " The chairman of the House Ethics Committee , Rep. Jo Bonner , R-Alabama , and the ranking Democrat , U.S. Rep. Linda Sanchez of California , defended their committee 's interpretation of the law in a written statement to CNN last month . "  As has been noted by outside experts , the office of Government Ethics and various House offices of expertise , including the Office of Legislative Counsel and the Office of General Counsel , with whom the Committee consulted , the plain language of the STOCK Act and the Ethics in Government Act is unambiguous and beyond dispute and the Committee interpreted it correctly . " Initially when contacted by CNN , Cantor 's office insisted it did nothing to change the intent of the STOCK Act . But when pressed with the new information uncovered by CNN , the majority leader 's office conceded it made changes to the House bill that effectively took out the requirement for spouses and children to file these reports . Cantor 's spokesman insisted that the change was unintentional and the majority leader 's office did not believe when they passed their bill that it differed from the Senate version . "  Since new information has been brought to our attention with respect to this discrepancy , we are reviewing our options regarding transaction reports in the House of Representatives , " Doug Heye said at the time . Still , another question is why the House changed the legislation in the first place . A GOP leadership source insists there were no sinister motives , that Cantor and the broader GOP leadership made changes after consulting with Ethics Committee lawyers . In the two weeks since CNN 's report , Cantor 's office consulted with the Senate to determine how they should fix the loophole . After consultations with leaders of both parties , new legislation was drafted . The two-page bill passed unanimously by both chambers on Thursday before Congress left Washington for their month long summer recess . Following the change , Gillibrand issued a statement applauding it . "  The intent of this important reform bill was clear from the start , to restore people 's faith in their elected leaders by ensuring we play by the exact same set of rules as every other American . Including family members in our monthly disclosure requirements was an integral piece of restoring that faith , and I am pleased the House will finally join the Senate in conforming to these important new rules , " said Gillibrand . Brown also praised the move to fix the law . "  I 'm pleased that with today 's legislative action , we 've made sure the House will follow the Senate Ethics Committee 's lead and implement the law the way it was intended . The same rules need to apply across the board -- no matter who you work for . " In addition to closing the loophole for spouses and dependent children , the new legislation passed by the House and Senate also made a change that the Obama administration requested . Some administration officials voiced concerns that the ability of foreign governments to view personal financial information about top government employees posed a national security threat . To address those concerns , the bill gave executive branch employees a waiver from the requirement to disclose their stock or securities trades until September 30 to allow some additional time to determine the appropriate procedures for those officials . Read all of CNN 's latest political coverage	STOCK Act , passed in April , requires more transparency when lawmakers make trades Loophole would 've allowed family of some lawmakers to profit from inside information CNN brought discrepancy between House and Senate interpretations to light last month
CNN  -- Alec Baldwin is still an actor . He 's just no longer in show business . As his one-time "  Orphans " co-star , Shia LaBeouf , did last winter , Baldwin has given a public statement that he 's ready to retire from public life . He does so in an essay told to New York magazine , covering a lot of ground recounting the tumultuous events that led up to this decision . While 2013 was n't all bad for the 55-year-old star -- the actor and his wife , Hilaria , welcomed their daughter , Carmen , in August -- it also was n't the best . There was his conflict with LaBeouf on the set of a Broadway production of "  Orphans , " the death of his friend James Gandolfini , his angry Twitter exchange with a Daily Mail journalist in which he called the writer a "  toxic little queen , " and then an altercation with a paparazzo in November that led to a domino effect for more criticism and lost work . During that standoff , Baldwin was accused of calling a photographer a "  c ** ksucking f * g. " That incident , combined with his Daily Mail dust-up , caused a significant shift in Baldwin 's life . "  I 'm not a homophobic person at all , " he says in the New York magazine essay . "  But this is how the world now sees me . I have n't changed , but public life has . ... Now I do n't want to be Mr. Show Business anymore . " The former "  30 Rock " star says he can no longer enjoy New York the way he once did , now that "  everyone has a camera in their pocket , " combined with the "  predatory photographers and predatory videographers who want to taunt you and catch you doing embarrassing things .  Some proof of which I have provided .  You 're out there in a world where if you do make a mistake , it echoes in a digital canyon forever . " As someone who once relished being out in his home base of New York , where people were generally "  very kind " to him , Baldwin says he 's now "  bitter , defensive , and ... misanthropic " with a distaste for the media that he 's never had before . And while he does see the irony in criticizing the media in a magazine , he promises "  this is the last time I 'm going to talk about my personal life in an American publication ever again . " Presumably to make good use of this "  last time , " Baldwin goes on to recount in opinionated detail the conflicts he 's faced over the past 12 months , lingering on November 's altercation in particular . Although Baldwin 's been accused of lobbing an anti-gay slur at the photographer , he claims he never said it . "  I 'm self-aware enough to know that I am to blame for some of this . I definitely should not have reacted the way I did in some of these situations , " the actor says . "  Do I regret screaming at some guy who practically clipped my kid in the head with the lens of a camera ? Yeah , I probably do , because it 's only caused me problems . But -- I 'm sorry , I ca n't let go of this -- do people really , really believe that , when I shouted at that guy , I called him a ` f **** t ' on-camera ? " As it would seem from the chilly public reaction , which Baldwin chronicles in his essay , many people definitely do . In the end , that November confrontation appears not only to have cost Baldwin his newly formed talk show at MSNBC but a necessary aspect of his reputation , and particularly in New York . Now , as a result , Baldwin is saying goodbye to "  public life in the way that you try to communicate with an audience playfully like we 're friends , beyond the work you are actually paid for . " "  I want to go make a movie and be very present for that and give it everything I have , and after we 're done , then the rest of the time is mine , " he continues . "  I started out as an actor , where you seek to understand yourself using the words of great writers and collaborating with other creative people . Then I slid into show business , where you seek only an audience 's approval , whether you deserve it or not . I think I want to go back to being an actor now . "	"  I do n't want to be Mr. Show Business anymore , " Alec Baldwin tells magazine He says he still wants to be an actor but does n't want to engage with public He says in magazine essay it 's the last time he 'll talk about his life publicly In the essay , he recounts the events of 2013 that led him to this decision
CNN  -- Small in size , the saints ' relics provide a precious spiritual connection for parishioners at Ste. Genevieve Catholic Church . Still , the church 's pastor and police in Ste. Genevieve , Missouri , a river town settled by French colonists in the mid-18th century , are mystified as to why someone would steal nine of them . They hold little monetary value and would be difficult to sell without their paperwork . "  We are kind of at a loss , " police Sgt. Steven Poole told CNN Saturday . The theft occurred sometime between Christmas Eve and January 4 , when the dollar-coin-sized containers holding the nine relics were found empty . Those containers are displayed in larger vessels , called reliquaries , that sit on two side altars . For many worshipers , saints help them get closer to Jesus Christ , according to the Rev. Dennis Schmidt . Schmidt said the thief or thieves may have thought the relics , along with any small amount of gold or other metal with them , might make the job worthwhile . Schmidt said he doubts anyone took the items , which can include portions of a saint 's body or pieces of garment , for religious reasons . "  If they had taken one ... I can see that , but to take nine of them , it does n't seem practical , " he said . "  This will probably be something that will turn up somewhere once they realize there 's no real street value , " Police Chief Eric Bennett told CNN St. Louis affiliate KSDK . The church has about two dozen relics , one of which belonged to Ste. Genevieve and was placed around the neck of her statue inside the church , said Schmidt . The relic of the patron saint of Paris is now in a secure location . The relics have been part of the Ste. Genevieve parish since the 1930s and 1940s , when the pastor at that time brought them back from several trips he made to Rome and elsewhere in Europe . "  Some people are really upset ...  asking  why somebody would do this , " Schmidt said of the theft . Searches of area pawnshops have yielded none of the relics , Poole said . "  We are hoping we can get help from the community , by word of mouth or at the church or  someone who  saw something . " Because of its history and decor , the church is popular with tourists visiting the largely Catholic town , an hour south of St. Louis . The parish was founded by Jesuits who came from Quebec . Community leaders tout Historic Ste. Genevieve 's heritage , charm and historic homes , some of which were built with distinctive vertical log construction . German immigrants who followed the French founders built rock and brick homes popular with visitors . The town of about 4,400 is on the west bank of the Mississippi River . Schmidt said the church , which serves about 1,100 families , will build a database to get a better handle on records and paperwork surrounding the relics . Leaders also are considering ways to secure the relics by placing them under glass attached to walls . For now , he and others are praying for the return of the historic and spiritual items . While Ste. Genevieve Catholic Church has insurance , the theft of the relics is no ordinary matter . "  How do we put value on it ? " Schmidt asked .	Nine relics were taken from the Catholic church The church is named for Ste. Genevieve , patron saint of Paris The town is known for its rich French-German history
CNN  -- A Canadian hang-gliding instructor who police say swallowed a memory card possibly containing video of a fatal accident was granted bail Friday , a court spokesman said . William Jonathan Orders , 50 , who was arrested and charged with obstructing justice , appeared in provincial court in Chilliwack , British Columbia . His bail was set at $ 5,750  Canadian  , said Neil MacKenzie , communications counsel with the province 's criminal justice branch . Orders was instructed to turn over his passport and to not operate a hang glider or paraglider , he said . Lenami Godinez-Avila had just started a tandem hang-gliding flight with the instructor , when she fell from the glider , plunging hundreds of feet to her death Saturday in a heavily wooded part of western Canada , authorities say . Investigators say the instructor tried to hide what might be a key piece of evidence about what went wrong -- a possible onboard video recording of the flight -- in his digestive tract . The recording has since passed and is now in police custody , MacKenzie said . He declined comment on whether anything retrievable could be taken from the card . Calls on Thursday and Friday seeking comment from Orders ' attorney , Laird Cruickshank , were not immediately returned . The fall happened near Mount Woodside , from which Orders and the 27-year-old Godinez-Avila took off , more than 50 miles east of Vancouver . A witness , Nicole McLearn , told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. that when the glider was in the air , Godinez-Avila appeared to be wearing her harness , but it was n't attached to the glider . The passenger clung to Orders before she fell , McLearn said . "  He was horizontal but she was now hanging vertically , and it looked like in essence she had him in a bear hug around the chest area , " McLearn told the CBC . "  I could see her starting to slip down his body ... past the waist , down the legs . Finally she got to the feet and tried to hang on and obviously could n't hang on for that much longer and let go , tearing off the tandem pilot 's shoes in the process , " McLearn said . Jason Warner , safety director for the Hang Gliding and Paragliding Association of Canada , told the CBC on Sunday that he talked to Orders shortly after the incident on Saturday afternoon . "  He tried to grab her -- he tried to grab her harness , everything he could , wrapped his legs around her -- and she slipped down his legs and then fell , " Warner told the CBC . Orders told police he had swallowed the memory card of the onboard camera , Royal Canadian Mounted Police Constable Tracy Wolbeck said . When asked whether Orders explained why he had done so , Wolbeck said she could n't comment further on conversations he 'd had with investigators . The RCMP said it and the Coroners Service of British Columbia are investigating the incident . "  She became detached from the hang glider and fell , but how she came to be detached is what we 're still working on , " said Barb McLintock , coroner with the Coroners Service of British Columbia . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	William Jonathan Orders was granted bail He was with Lenami Godinez-Avila when she fell from the glider to her death Police say Orders of swallowed a memory card possibly containing video of the fall The recording has since passed and is now in police custody
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- A defense lawyer for Amanda Knox -- accused in Italy of killing her roommate -- on Tuesday said the prosecution 's theory does n't fit the facts of the case and there is not sufficient evidence to find her guilty . Calling Knox a victim herself , Carlo della Vedova portrayed the Seattle , Washington , native as someone who fell victim to a rush to judgment by police following the murder , and who had to fend off a myriad of false media reports regarding the crime . Police declared "  case closed " after an investigator saw Knox and her then-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito sharing a "  flirtatious gesture " at the crime scene . And in the months following the murder , della Vedova argued a slew of leaks to the media made things even worse . The lawyer showed photos of the crime scene that were published in the media that were n't authentic -- including a photo of the bathroom -- and said false allegations and rumors about Knox 's character created a bias from the get-go . Della Vedova also questioned the change in what prosecutor Giuliano Mignini 's said was the motive for the murder . In preliminary hearings he argued Knox , Sollecito and Rudy Guede slashed Kercher 's throat during a sexual misadventure as the two men vied for Knox 's attention . In recent days , della Vedova said Mignini focused more on what he says was a hatred between the two roommates . Defense lawyers have staunchly disagreed , claiming the two girls were friends . They argued that Guede , who was convicted in a separate fast-track trial and is currently appealing his conviction , was the sole killer and argued there is no evidence that ties the three people together or shows proof they planned her murder . Della Vedova also fixated during closings on the lack of evidence tying Knox to the crime scene . As defense lawyers have throughout the entire trial , he cast doubt on DNA evidence prosecutors claim shows Knox 's DNA on the handle of the alleged murder weapon . The defense has claimed the knife does n't match Kercher 's wounds or an imprint of the knife left on a bed sheet . They also claimed the DNA sample is too small to attribute . Besides the knife , della Vedova claimed if there really was a struggle or argument in Kercher 's room , then Knox 's DNA would be all over the room . Citing forensic testimony from the trial , he argued that while traces of DNA from other people were found in the room , not a single sample that can be traced back to Knox was found . He stressed too , that Sollecito and Knox are not the kind of people they have been portrayed as , noting that the couple met at a classical music concert and are n't the typical "  sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll " couple they have been labeled . During the first day of closings for Knox 's lawyers , della Vedova stressed to the eight-member jury that they should also keep church law in mind as they decide whether to find Knox and Sollecito guilty or not guilty . He told the jury they needed to be "  morally certain of their decision . " "  If you have the minimum of doubts , you must absolve this young girl , " he said . "  A girl that is merely 22 years old . " Knox and Sollecito , who both deny any role in the murder , have been jailed for more than two years since they were arrested on charges of murder and sexual violence . Prosecutors have asked they be sentenced to life in prison if they are found guilty . Knox 's other lawyer , Luciano Ghirga , will continue closings on Wednesday and the jury is expected to begin deliberations on Friday . CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	Carlo della Vedova questions evidence in case , says Amanda Knox should be found not guilty Prosecutors maintain Knox , Raffaele Sollecito and Rudy Guede killed Meredith Kercher Lawyer : "  If you have the minimum of doubts , you must absolve this young girl "
As we leave our bus , we can barely hear a sound . We have stopped near a public square in the center of Pyongyang . Our government minders whisked us here with just a moment 's notice . In a country obsessed with secrecy , we are told where we will be taken only at the last minute . Our schedule can change even while we are mid-trip . We 'd started our day at the birthplace of the man North Koreans call the "  Great Leader " and the father of the country , Kim Il Sung . This is the centenary of his birth , and North Koreans are flocking here to pay homage . To these people , Kim is more than a leader ; he is akin to a god . According to the constitution , he will be president for eternity . I ask our government minder if we can speak to some people . In North Korea , it is forbidden for us to simply approach someone unannounced . He selects a group for us and then asks me to choose . They are young women , probably only in their 20s , and all from the same Pyongyang factory . They are nervous , wary of our intentions . "  President Kim Il Sung is our father , " one lady says . "  We are one family , and because of his birth , he has given us a powerful socialist state . " Others here are mourning the death of the Great Leader 's son , the man they call the "  Dear Leader , " Kim Jong Il . His sudden death in December sparked public displays of grief . For one woman we met this day , the tears have not stopped . "  We used to come here with happiness , but not anymore , " she says . "  My heart is breaking . This is why I ca n't stop crying . " This is the power of the Kim cult . These men are dead , but in every other respect , they are still alive . Here in an atheist communist country , it is no exaggeration to say they are god-like . The drab concrete skyline is brightened only by the splashes of color of the countless thousands of portraits , paintings and statues of the leaders . "  Quickly , on the bus , " our minder orders . We are being rushed from our birthplace pilgrimage to what we are being told is a great surprise . And this is where we leave our bus . We are ushered up a hill , and there before us is a sea of people . Everyone stands in rows , silent , not even moving . Then a thunderous roar ; before them are two massive mosaics , the smiling faces of the Great Leader and his son . The people arise as one , holding flowers and chanting . This is the adulation the regime demands . Human rights groups and defectors claim that people can be sent to brutal gulags for not showing enough deference or the crime of having dust on one of the leader 's portraits . In this way , the personality cult continues . And now the power is passed to a new generation : The youthful Kim Jong Un is now the "  Supreme Leader . " But the question remains : Just how long can the dynasty hold on to power ?	Western media -- including CNN -- have been invited into North Korea ahead of rocket launch April 15 marks centenary of birth of "  Great Leader " and father of country , Kim Il Sung Kim and his late son , Kim Jong Il , are revered as gods by the North Korean people
CNN  -- Whoever said names will never hurt you was wrong , according to a new study . A new study suggests exposure to verbal put-downs from peers can make it harder for good students to achieve . The study from the University of Illinois suggests dealing with classmate put-downs can make it harder for good students to learn and make it more difficult for students who are behind to catch up . The first-of-its-kind study cited a national sample of data from the U.S. Department of Education on more than 10,000 high-school sophomores in more than 650 U.S. high schools . One in five respondents claimed they were often "  put down " verbally by their peers in school . "  I think it 's sort of a wake-up call for a lot of us that this kind of verbal harassment is going on in schools , and it 's contributing to a learning environment that is quite disruptive for kids , " said Christy Lleras , a University of Illinois assistant professor of human and community development , who worked on the study . See details about K-12 schools , teachers " It 's not only an issue at public schools . Lleras said the research shows these put-downs are just as big a problem in private high schools as well . Referring to private schools , Lleras said , "  They were certainly doing a good job at making their kids feel safe , but they were not insulating them from emotional harm . " Results of the study indicate boys are likely to experience these put-downs more often than girls , especially at private schools . The university 's study also measured the issue among racial and academic lines . African-American high school students who considered themselves very good students were shown to be more likely to be the victims of verbal abuse from their peers . Lleras believes the put-downs are a way of coping for students when they are struggling to do their classwork . Regardless of the reason , she thinks it 's time schools did something about it . "  A lot of time we 've been focusing on physical abuse -- bullying , " said Lleras . "  However , if one in five kids  is  experiencing this ... this is something that 's become an everyday culture among our adolescents . I think knowing that , schools are going to have starting to address it . " The study appears in the Journal of School Violence .	University of Illinois study is first to study effects of classmate put-downs Study suggests taunting can make it difficult for students who are behind to catch up Professor on high level of verbal harassment : "  I think it 's sort of a wake-up call " Study finds name-calling is a problem in public and private schools
Atlanta  CNN  More family members are coming to Atlanta to see Bobbi Kristina Brown in the hospital . On Friday , grandmother Cissy Houston arrived at Emory University Hospital , a source close the family told CNN . She 's the mother of the late musical superstar Whitney Houston , Bobbi Kristina 's mother . Other family members , including Bobbi Kristina 's father , singer Bobby Brown , have been in Atlanta for days . Bobbi Kristina , 21 , was found facedown in a bathtub full of water in her Atlanta area home last Saturday . The Roswell police spokeswoman said Brown was "  unresponsive , meaning not breathing , no heartbeat . " Doctors have placed her in a medically induced coma , a source close to the family said soon after she was hospitalized . The status of her brain function wo n't be known until sedatives are reduced , the source told CNN . A week after she was rushed to the hospital , details of her condition are scare . Sources close to the family say she opened her eyes briefly last Monday and also suffered seizures that same day . It was not immediately clear what medical significance these reported events have in Brown 's case . Meanwhile , the three-year anniversary of Whitney Houston 's death approaches . On February 11 , 2012 , she was found dead in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton hotel near Los Angeles hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy Awards party . A coroner ruled her death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown is her only child . After Houston 's death , Bobbi Kristina talked of pursuing a career in acting and music , just like her mother . In 2012 , she reportedly lobbied for a role in a planned biopic of her mother 's life . Lifetime 's "  Whitney , " which was directed by actress Angela Bassett , debuted in January 2015 , but the Houston family was not involved . Concerns that she may have substance abuse issues , as her mother did , intensified in July 2014 after a picture was posted on her Instagram account showing a young woman who looked like Brown appearing to be smoking from a bong . Bobbi Kristina Brown "  was not breathing " when Nick Gordon -- the man she has referred to as her husband -- and a friend , who 's been identified as Maxwell Lomas , found her inside her townhouse in the Atlanta suburb of Roswell . They called 911 and performed CPR until emergency crews arrived and took over , police spokeswoman Lisa Holland said . Nobody knows what caused Brown 's unresponsiveness , Holland said , but police consider it a medical incident at this time . She said investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . Bobbi Kristina Brown had said she was married to Gordon , who had lived with Houston and her daughter since he was 12 years old . However , Bobby Brown attorney Christopher Brown said the two were never married . CNN 's Carolyn Sung , Lisa Respers France , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Sunny Hostin , Nischelle Turner and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Cissy Houston arrives to see granddaughter Bobbi Kristina Brown , source says 21-year-old has been in a medically induced coma since last Saturday
CNN  -- A man shot and killed his wife and two of their children and then killed himself in central Florida on Sunday night , authorities said . Troy Ryan Bellar shot and killed his wife , Wendy , and two of their children , sheriff 's officials say . Troy Ryan Bellar , 34 , used a high-powered rifle with a scope to shoot his 31-year-old wife , Wendy , when she tried to leave their home , the Polk County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . Two of the couple 's children -- 5-month-old Zack and 7-year-old Ryan -- also were killed , but a 13-year-old got away , with the father chasing and firing after him , officials said . "  It is beyond my understanding why a man would shoot and kill his 5-month-old baby boy , his 7-year-old baby boy , try to kill his 13-year-old son , shoot his wife and then turn the gun on himself , " said Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd . "  There is no explanation for that . " The shootings happened in Lakeland , Florida , just east of Tampa . When the shooting began , the couple 's son , Nathan , ran out of the house and down the street -- with his dad chasing him through the garage and firing several shots , authorities said . Nathan was unhurt and will be placed with family members . Investigators do not know what led to the shooting , but believe it was preceded by "  some kind of domestic disturbance , " a statement from the sheriff 's office said . Bellar was arrested twice in Polk County : for aggravated assault in 1994 , and for driving under the influence in 1999 . His wife was arrested in March for battery domestic violence .	Bodies of gunman , wife , 2 children found at Lakeland , Florida , home , officials say Boy , 13 , was chased down street , fired at , but got away unharmed , officials say Gunman used a high-powered rifle with scope , authorities say
CNN  -- Leaked classified documents show the U.S. National Security Agency and its British counterpart are among the "  worst offenders " of mass surveillance without oversight , according to an open letter purportedly written by Edward Snowden and published Sunday by the German magazine Der Spiegel . The publication of the letter , titled "  A Manifesto for the Truth , " comes as leaks by the former NSA contract analyst have roiled U.S.-European relations amid allegations that the NSA and the UK 's Government Communications Headquarters monitored the communication data of some world leaders . "  The world has learned a lot in a short amount of time about irresponsibly operated security agencies and , at times , criminal surveillance programs . Sometimes the agencies try to avoid controls , " Snowden wrote , according to the news magazine . "  While the NSA and GCHQ  the British national security agency  appear to be the worst offenders -- at least according to the documents that are currently public -- we can not forget that mass surveillance is a global problem and needs a global solution . " The letter , published in German by Der Spiegel , was written on Friday in Moscow and provided to Der Spiegel through a "  locked channel , " the news magazine said . It was published in German and has been translated by CNN . Snowden , 30 , has admitted in interviews he was the source behind the leak of classified NSA documents , which revealed the existence of top-secret surveillance programs that collect records of domestic e-mails and telephone calls in the United States and monitor the cell phone and Internet activity of overseas residents . He is wanted in the United States on espionage charges . A recent report by Der Spiegel , citing documents provided by Snowden , alleged the NSA monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . Some reports also suggest the United States carried out surveillance on French and Spanish citizens . The allegations have prompted some European countries to call for investigations . It also has prompted congressional hearings in the United States , where some are calling for more transparency and more oversight of American spy programs . Opinion : Do n't underestimate risks of government spying ` Witch hunt ' The letter also accused governments of trying to squash debate about mass surveillance "  with a never before seen witch hunt " that threatens journalists and criminalizes the publication of details about the programs . In the letter , Snowden purportedly writes that his actions were bringing about change . "  The debate they wanted to avoid is now taking place in countries around the world , " the letter said . "  And instead of causing damage , the use of this new public knowledge is causing society to push for political reforms , oversight and new laws . " Snowden has been in Moscow since June after fleeing from Hong Kong . In August , Russia granted him asylum for one year . Snowden gets website job in Russia The release of the open letter is the second in a matter of days from Snowden , who released a letter to German authorities through an intermediary . Last week , Hans-Christian Stroebele , a member of Germany 's parliament , met with Snowden in Russia . Stroebele returned from the meeting with a letter from Snowden to German authorities , which was distributed to the media . In it , Snowden said he is confident that with international support , the United States would abandon its efforts to "  treat dissent as defection " and "  criminalize political speech with felony charges . " "  I hope that when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved , I will be able to cooperate in the responsible finding of fact regarding reports in the media , particularly in regard to the truth and authenticity of documents , as appropriate and in accordance with the law , " he wrote . Report : Snowden 's Russia asylum not breached by NSA spying reports ` Face justice ' The White House did not immediately respond to Snowden 's claims in the letter . But earlier Sunday , White House Senior Adviser Dan Pfeiffer said on ABC 's "  This Week " that there has been no discussion of granting Snowden clemency . "  Mr. Snowden violated U.S. law , " Pfeiffer said . "  And our belief has always been that he should return to the U.S. and face justice . " It was a sentiment echoed by the heads of the House and Senate intelligence committees . "  He had an opportunity -- if what he was , was a whistle-blower -- to pick up the phone and call the House Intelligence Committee , the Senate Intelligence Committee , and say , ' I have some information , ' " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , said Snowden has to "  own up with what he 's done . " "  If he wants to come back and open up to the responsibility of the fact that he took and stole information , he violated his oath , he disclosed classified information -- that by the way has allowed three different terrorist organizations , affiliates of al Qaeda to change the way they communicate -- I 'd be happy to have that discussion with him , " Rogers said on "  Face the Nation . " Opinion : Leakers and governments should work together	NEW : Edward Snowden purportedly writes that his actions have prompted debate NEW : U.S. lawmakers says he does not deserve clemency and should answer for his actions The letter was published by Der Spiegel , and it is titled "  A Manifesto for the Truth " Snowden is wanted in the United States on espionage charges
CNN  -- Watching the premiere of "  The Informant ! " -- the Matt Damon movie about a high-level FBI mole at a large multinational company -- was the mole himself , Mark Whitacre . Mark Whitacre , right , at the premiere of ` The Informant ' with Matt Damon . The movie is a dark comic take on the three years Whitacre -- a former divisional president of Archer Daniels Midland , the US-based food additive giant -- spent working undercover to break a global price-fixing conspiracy . Whitacre recognized real episodes in his life on the big screen , such as trying to fix a hidden tape player during a meeting and his delusional belief he would be made CEO of the company as a reward for his undercover work . But what you wo n't see in the movie are the events of August 9 , 1995 , six weeks after an FBI raid blew the case into public attention . It was two days after ADM fired Whitacre and accused him of embezzling millions from the company . His FBI partners for the previous three years would no longer speak with him . On that day , Whitacre sat alone in his car with its engine running inside a closed garage and slowly lost consciousness . He was hoping to end his life as surely as he had ended his career . A gardener found him unconscious . Some scenes just ca n't be played for laughs . "  There was nothing comical in the reality of the story , " said Whitacre , who eventually spent nearly nine years in prison for his role in the price-fixing scheme and revelations he siphoned off $ 9 million from the company while he was working for the FBI . For Whitacre , ` The Informant ! ' is a study in his own mental illness , as he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder after hospitalization for his suicide attempt . His meeting with Damon at the premiere was the first time the pair met . Damon told him he hoped they portrayed his illness in a sensitive way , Whitacre said . "  He did n't want to talk to a 52-year-old Mark Whitacre while preparing for the role , the Mark Whitacre who went to prison , who has been treated for bipolar disorder , who is now COO of a company , " said Whitacre , who is now an executive for a small food supplement maker . "  He wanted to portray the 35-year-old Mark Whitacre , otherwise it would make it difficult to portray the delusions I had at that time . " The fix is in For companies and regulators , the 1997 conviction of ADM was a landmark event , the first antitrust action in the United States since World War II and a case that has spurred price-fixing investigations around the world . "  As a result of this case , the Department of Justice and the FBI started looking around to see if they could find any other cases like this , " said Dean Paisley , a retired FBI agent who supervised the undercover ADM work . "  This used to be relatively unusual until the  ADM  case came to light , " said John Connor , a Purdue University researcher on cartel activity , who was an expert witness in the government 's case against ADM. "  Back in 1993 you 'd see maybe one or two global  price-fixing schemes  being discovered ... in the past three years or so , there are about 50 a year . " Price-fixing schemes -- where a cartel of manufacturers inflate prices against market demand -- cost consumers untold millions each year . In the ADM case , it was found that in the three-year period of investigation the company 's cartel activity with manufacturers in Japan and Korea inflated prices by at least $ 200 million . The ADM case resulted in a record $ 100 million fine in 1997 -- a figure long since dwarfed . Last month Japanese company Epson agreed to pay $ 26 million for its role in price-fixing LCD panels used in mobile phones in the U.S. Several other companies , including Sharp , LG and Hitachi , have already pleaded guilty in the case and paid fines of more than $ 600 million . Just last week , the Hungarian government fined Visa Europe , MasterCard and seven commercial banks a total of $ 10.4 million for price fixing bank fees  Visa and MasterCard are appealing that decision  . Flawed heroes A sign of cartel activity is usually a sharp and uniform increase in price with a contraction in demand . "  But , in fact , in the last 15 or 20 years  governments  have relied almost exclusively on whistle-blowers to make their cases , " Connor said . And as Whitacre showed , whistle blowers often do n't have noble motives . "  The movie should be taken very , very seriously , " said Sam Antar , a CPA who turned government witness against his employer in the 1980 's . "  In white-collar cases , the governments have to rely on informants ... in effect , relying on unsavory characters to make their case , " said Antar , who now advises government agencies on white-collar crime . "  What happened in ` The Informant , ' is he had an agenda to become head honcho of the company , " Antar said . "  The mistake the FBI agents made in the movie is they fell in love with their witness . It turned out there was a dark side they did n't know about . " Whitacre said he began stealing millions from the company while working for the FBI , in part , as a financial backstop in case things went wrong . "  I had this sense of false entitlement , like they owe me this ... after all , the company was stealing hundreds of millions . " The stress of his double-life undoubtedly added to his mental woes , said Paisley , the original FBI supervisor in the case . He points out that undercover FBI agents receive surveillance training and are pulled for psychological evaluation once a year -- Whitacre received none of that . "  There were no provisions for similar checks and balances with Whitacre , " Paisley said . "  He had no ideas what he was getting into when he agreed to cooperate ... we had no idea it would last three years . " Although Whitacre has served his time , Paisley and other agents involved in his case are seeking a presidential pardon . "  He really screwed up by stealing , " Paisley said . "  Be that as it may , how many hundreds of millions would have been stolen if  ADM  was n't stopped by Mark Whitacre ? He is a national hero , in my eyes . "	The ADM price-fixing case was a landmark in global antitrust prosecution Global price-fixing investigations have skyrocketed since the ADM scam These investigations depend on whistle-blowers who often have dark motives
CNN  -- A Christian evangelical group said Thursday that a Bible school -- backed by American evangelist Franklin Graham -- was destroyed in the latest bombing raid to hit South Kordofan , an oil-rich Sudanese province that borders the newly created independent country of South Sudan . At least eight bombs were dropped in the area Wednesday during the school 's first day of classes , according to a statement by Samaritan 's Purse , Graham 's Christian humanitarian group , which supports the school . Two bombs landed inside the compound -- located in the region 's Nuba Mountains -- destroying two Heiban Bible College buildings and igniting grass fires across the area , the group said in a statement No injuries were reported . "  It was a miracle that no one was injured , " the statement added . Graham , who has called on the international community to take out Sudan 's air assets and establish a no-fly zone in the region , said in a statement Thursday that he blamed Sudan 's air force for the strike . At least four churches have been destroyed since August , the group said . "  We are deeply concerned for the welfare and lives of the people of South Kordofan and we condemn the bombing of churches and Christian facilities , " added Graham , son of the famed Rev. Billy Graham . More than 78,000 people have fled South Kordofan and Blue Nile states since August of last year after an armed rebellion took root , the United Nations reported . The Sudanese government is thought to have responded to the rebellion by conducting sustained air raids with the use of Russian-made Antonov bombers , which have raised concerns over civilian casualties . Decades of civil war between the north and south , costing as many as 2 million lives , formally ended with a U.S.-brokered peace treaty in 2005 . But before South Sudan gained independence in July of last year , human rights monitors expressed concerns that longstanding grievances could again lead to violence consuming the region . In November , there were several days of bombings near an entry point for refugees at the border , the United Nations reported . It did not specify who launched the bombs .	Rev. Franklin Graham 's group , Samaritan 's Purse , supports the school At least 8 bombs were dropped in the area during school 's first day of classes Two bombs landed inside the compound , but no injuries were reported More than 78,000 have fled South Kordofan and Blue Nile states since August
CNN  -- It is as if the air suddenly disappears from the room . That is how it feels to lose a big job , one that offers a chance to make a real difference . Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned Friday as the leader of our nation 's Department of Veteran 's Affairs amid a scandal about wait times at VA hospitals . I would never presume to know or imagine his personal frame of mind or feelings right now , but I know a bit about such experiences . In 2012 , I abruptly resigned as the administrator of the General Services Administration in the swirl of a scandal around excessive spending at the "  Western Regions " training conference , as well as dealings with contractors . The ensuing uproar was textbook : anxious White House meetings , a scornful media , a pouncing Congress and bad optics fueled by silly YouTube videos . It is not an experience that anyone would want to experience ... or repeat . I was personally caught in a web of emotions . My seven-year relationship with the people of GSA was suddenly severed and that saddened me deeply . I was troubled by the crude and , yes , bullying politics . Anxiety swept over me about my finances and prospects . My elderly father was deeply upset and needed attention . Mostly , however , I grieved for the work that I had not completed . I believe in the efficacy of work , its ability to give meaning and to offer a central vitality to life . To lose my work was utterly painful . Being a part of a presidential administration was not just an honor to me , it was a real chance to change the world . The resources are huge ; the reach and possibilities are vast . My hope had been to impact and improve how the government performed -- how it used technology , saved energy , collaborated , improved the work environment for public servants , rebuilt trust , and more . Instead , I found myself suddenly sitting in my house looking at the dust on the furniture . However , it was not quiet for long . A lot comes into play in those first weeks after leaving a big job in Washington . My networks went into hyper gear . Supportive messages , flowers and wine started arriving . The Banana Bread Brigade was in action . Other friends were outraged . Their calls were such rants that I found myself relinquishing my anger to them . They were much better at it . Others offered me weary wisdom . "  It 's Washington . Everyone gets what happened . You 'll be fine . " While I was not ready to hear that prognosis at the time , it turned out to be more than true . Ultimately , a huge space opened up . I had been running at 500 mph while in office , and suddenly I could have a life . Importantly , I came to the realization that I had been robbed of neither my creativity nor my ability to work . The clincher was that I had a partial manuscript for a novel in the bottom of the drawer . I pulled it out and set to work . Within a couple months I published my first novel . Within a year a second book took shape . Loss creates an airless vacuum . But natural law requires that vacuum to fill again . I know that lesson personally . From everything I know of General Shinseki , he thoroughly understands that law as well . May he prosper and thrive in the days and years ahead . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Martha Johnson abruptly resigned from the GSA in 2012 and feels for Eric Shinseki She went from managing a huge federal agency to sitting in her house looking at furniture dust Loss , she says , creates an airless vacuum , but natural law requires that vacuum to fill again
CNN  -- Thirteen patients who underwent surgery this summer may have been exposed to a fatal brain disease after their surgeries were performed using the same potentially contaminated medical equipment , according to health officials in two states . The specialized equipment was originally used to operate on a patient now suspected of having Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , the New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services announced Wednesday . The now-deceased patient had neurosurgery at Catholic Medical Center in Manchester , New Hampshire . The only way to confirm the illness is with an autopsy . The New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services announced Wednesday that it is monitoring eight patients who were operated on with the same equipment for signs of the fatal brain disease . On Thursday , the Massachusetts Department of Public Health followed with its own statement , saying five additional patients who underwent surgery at a Cape Cod Hospital may also have been exposed . The surgical equipment used at both hospitals was from Medtronic Inc. according to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health . Normal sterilization procedures do n't get rid of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease proteins , known as prions , according to the Department of Health and Human Services . Most medical devices are sterilized by heat , but the World Health Organization recommends the use of a caustic chemical like sodium hydroxide to disinfect equipment that may have come in contact with tissues that could cause Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . It 's common for hospitals to share this kind of specialized medical equipment , said Dr. Donald Guadagnoli , chief medical officer for Cape Cod Healthcare . "  People apparently are unaware , at least in some specialties , that it is regularly common for instruments to be moved around , to be rented and loaned , " he said . "  We are comfortable with our sterilization process . " The five patients in Massachusetts each had spinal cord surgery at Cape Cod Hospital between July and August , and all the potentially affected patients have been notified of the risk , the Massachusetts Department of Public Health said . The department added that the risk to the potentially affected patients is very low because they underwent spinal cord surgery instead of brain surgery . There is no danger to hospital staff or members of the public , according to the statement . "  Our concern is with the health and well-being of the eight patients who may have been exposed to CJD , " Dr. Joseph Pepe , Catholic Medical Center 's CEO , said in a statement Wednesday . "  We will work closely with these families to help them in any way possible , even though the risk of infection is extremely low . " An autopsy of the original patient to confirm the illness -- which differs from a variant of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease commonly known as "  mad cow disease " -- is being conducted at the National Prion Disease Pathology Surveillance Center , Catholic Medical Center said Wednesday  PDF  . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that no cases of the disease have been linked to the use of contaminated medical equipment since 1976 . Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease strikes fewer than 400 people a year in the United States , according to the CDC . Victims show signs of memory loss and cognitive difficulty early on ; the ailment is "  rapidly progressive and always fatal , " the CDC says . Florida boy dies from brain-eating parasite CNN 's Jacque Wilson , Matt Smith , Miriam Falco and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Patients may have been exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , officials say Possibly contaminated medical equipment was used for patients ' surgery , officials say Equipment may have exposed eight patients in New Hampshire , five in Massachusetts
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A body was found in the landing gear bay of an airplane that arrived at Tokyo 's Narita Airport Sunday , the airport announced . The dead man was not carrying a passport or personal belongings , airport police said . The man was of dark complexion and dressed in blue jeans and a red and dark blue long-sleeved shirt , police told CNN . Police said he possibly froze to death and suffered a shortage of oxygen at high altitude , but did not provide a definite cause of death pending an autopsy . A mechanic found the body in the landing gear bay , which was impossible to enter from the cabin , the airport said . The Boeing 777 , Delta Flight 59 , which departed New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport at 12:53 p.m. ET Saturday arrived at Narita at 4:46 p.m. local time Sunday , the airport said . "  Delta is fully co-operating with the Japanese authorities , and there is  an  on-going investigation which is being led by the Japanese authorities . The airline has not issued an official statement at this time , " a Delta representative told CNN . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report .	Flight left New York 's John F. Kennedy airport Saturday afternoon Police believe man froze to death , suffered shortage of oxygen Dead man had no passport or personal belongings
CNN  -- I recently interviewed more than 60 chief executives of very large global companies . Virtually all of them said that recruiting and promoting general managers with true leadership potential was the key ingredient to their organization 's long-term success . Fair enough . But the CEOs were then quick to admit that this task is much easier said than done . Time and again , externally recruited "  stars , " as well as freshly promoted general managers from within their companies ' ranks , failed to live up to lofty expectations . This leads to an important question : Why are we bad at picking good leaders ? The short answer is , we focus on all the wrong things , like a candidate 's charm , their stellar résumé or their academic credentials . None of this has any bearing on leadership potential . And despite claims to the contrary , even a candidate 's past results have little bearing on whether the promoted individual will succeed once promoted . Want to be a leader ? Act like one At best , a "  track record " tells only half of the story . In a new position , the candidate will have to face new obstacles , deal with a new team , manage more people introduce new products and do it all without a clear road map . So what qualities should you focus on before handing out the next big promotion or making big promotion decision ? One thing is certain : You better get it right . Nothing short of your reputation , and your organization 's success , are at stake . Let 's cut to the chase . There are seven fundamental leadership qualities that the candidate must possess to be effective . Take just one of these away , and sooner or later , the newly elevated manager will fail . Having studied the careers of nearly 1,000 executives , over the past decade , it is clear to me that failure results when a leader lacks of one or more of these seven attributes . Integrity It all starts with integrity . Like a foundation for any well-constructed house , integrity is the core foundation for leadership effectiveness . It is a blend of honesty , consistency and ethics . Once integrity is squandered or even thrown into doubt , it is very hard for a leader to regain the trust of his or her troops . Passion Yet integrity alone does n't matter without several other key attributes . Passion , for example , enables a leader to keep moving forward even in tough times . Jeff Bezos , the CEO of Amazon , was ridiculed in 2001 for clinging to a company that many called "  Amazon.bomb . " It is now valued at $ 89 billion . Bezos told me that it was his inner passion that fueled his drive to keep pushing forward even in the darkest days of the dot-com crash , when the company was teetering on the brink of collapse . Courage Courage , another make-it-or-break-it quality , is necessary to make the difficult decisions when facing conflicts and mediating adversity . Courage springs from a leader 's core values and commitment to a vision . Vision Without a compelling vision or destination , how can a boss effectively persuade people to embark upon a new direction ? Visionary leaders inspire employees to imagine a better future and work hard to achieve it . Steve Jobs : How to lead with purpose Judgment Actually achieving this vision , however , requires judgment . Good judgment allows the leader to make solid business decisions and choices . When I assess an aspiring leader , I want to see whether she can confront a complex new challenge and quickly zero in on the most important issues . Does she ask good questions ? Can she prioritize and make difficult tradeoffs ? Does she know where to focus and where not to waste her time and energy ? Even when looking at an individual piece of the problem , does she keep the entire chessboard in mind , recognizing the potential unintended consequences of her decisions ? Judgment is needed to develop a strategy that will enable the organization to achieve its vision . Empathy No matter the organization , diversity of its people is the one constant . Each team member has a different personality , motivation and underlying agenda . Empathy is the attribute that allows a leader to effectively understand what makes other people tick . Identifying the fundamental drivers of their bosses , peers and subordinates is critical . Same goes for getting people aligned and motivated around their common goals . Outside your specific organization , it is invaluable that a leader be able to quickly and accurately figure out why an important customer seems dissatisfied , even though they say everything is fine . If a potential employee does n't have empathy , they have very little chance of getting these , and many other , important constituents on their side . Lack of empathy is a key reason why otherwise analytically brilliant leaders often come up short . Emotional intelligence While empathy is externally focused , another key leadership attribute , emotional intelligence , is internally focused . An emotionally intelligent leader habitually takes a hard , honest look at himself and accurately discerns his strengths , weaknesses and blind spots . Putting personal pride aside , he actively solicits the input of others and incorporates the team 's best ideas into the overall action plan . Without emotional intelligence , hubris sets in , and a leader will overestimate his own ability and alienate others . Even though the hubris may convince him that he can bite off more than he can chew , subordinates will not be so blind . A leader who continuously lets down his or her team wo n't stay in the organization 's good graces for long . From my vantage point , a lack of emotional intelligence is probably the top derailer of previously successful managers moving into fundamentally new and ambiguous roles . These seven leadership attributes -- integrity , vision , judgment , passion , courage , empathy and emotional intelligence -- are all the hallmarks of great leaders , regardless of industry or geography . By gearing any candidate assessment towards these traits -- and away from false predictors of success , like a sparkling personality , a polished résumé or good interview skills -- you will be one big step ahead of the rest of the crowd who are still scratching their heads wondering why they are so bad at picking good leaders . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Cohn .	Business leaders often picked based on charm or academic credentials , says Jeffrey Cohn He says past results have little bearing on whether someone will succeed once promoted Cohn lists seven qualities a potential leader must possess to be effective
CNN  -- The New Jersey Attorney General announced criminal charges Friday against state troopers involved in the unauthorized high-speed State Police escort of a caravan of high-performance sports cars dubbed "  Death Race 2012 " by local media in March . Authorities allege Sgt. First Class Nadir Nassry , 47 , and Trooper Joseph Ventrella , 28 , led the caravan of exotic , high-speed sports cars down a state highway to Atlantic City without proper authorization and drove at unsafe speeds , endangering other motorists on March 30 , 2012 . According to the Attorney General 's office , the drivers of the cars were part of a sports car club that included former New York Giants running back Brandon Jacobs . Before the high-velocity trip , prosecutors say , the troopers altered their license plates by using black electrical tape to change the numbers . Nassry is said to have instructed the other drivers in the caravan to "  conceal or partially conceal their plates using tape or other means , " according to a press release from the office of Attorney General Jeffrey S. Chiesa "  No one is above the law , and the public expects and deserves a higher level of conduct from our state troopers , most of whom deliver admirably and professionally in that regard , " Chiesa said . "  The conduct alleged here jeopardized public safety and undermined the trust the public places in law enforcement and the State Police . Serious misconduct by any state trooper must be met with serious discipline and , where warranted and appropriate , criminal charges . " Ventrella 's attorney could not be reached Friday , but Nassry 's attorney , Charles J Sciarra said his client acknowledges running the escort was a bad idea , but that he refutes allegations he altered his license plate . He points to Nassry 's 25 year service record as proof . "  Sgt. Nassry denies the charges , admits the escort was a mistake and has moved to retire as a result , and will fight these charges and for his well earned pension after an otherwise unblemished career . " For their alleged part in the license plate changes , Nassry was charged with third-degree tampering with public records or information and fourth-degree falsifying or tampering with records . Ventrella was charged with fourth-degree falsifying or tampering with records . "  The alleged actions of these two troopers in altering the license plates of their troop cars were clearly intended to conceal their involvement in conduct that they knew was wrong , " said Chiesa . State Police officials revealed new Standing Operating Procedure addressing escorts Friday too . The new procedure outlines when escorts are authorized and places an emphasis on public safety a statement said . Authorities also announced disciplinary charges against four other troopers in connection with a similar State Police escort involving similar vehicles in 2010 , and disciplinary charges against a trooper who improperly handled a speeding ticket issued to a member of a driving club in his Lamborghini in 2010 . The Attorney General 's office said that while their investigation remains open , it is "  unlikely " any of the sports car drivers will be charged with any crimes . "  Here is the real issue , " Sciarra said . "  My client denies he told anyone to tape their plates while some unknown number of affluent exotic car owners explained their taped plates by saying the trooper said to do it . Why are affluent exotic car owners ' words given any more credence by this administration than a decorated public servant ? The administration may not want to ask tough questions of affluent exotic car owners with who knows what kinds of connections , but we will . " Nassry and Ventrella have been suspended without pay since April 23 . If convicted of the criminal charges , both troopers would lose their jobs and pensions , face large fines and possible jail time . Nassry faces 3-5 years in prison and Ventrella faces 18 months .	New Jersey AG announces criminal charges against state troopers Troopers were involved in unauthorized high speed police escort of sports cars Incident dubbed "  Death Race 2012 " by local media in March
Chachran Sharif , Pakistan  CNN  -- Imam Baksh used two cots as shelter over his head and a third to shield him from the drenched earth . The 80-year-old man was among thousands in Chachran Sharif who could see his home submerged under water -- about half of the Pakistani town looked more like a lake than a community of people . Even the mosque was under water and people were using boats to rescue their cows , goats and sheep , dragging the terrified animals onto dry -- or at least dryer -- land . Chachran Sharif , in Pakistan 's Punjab province , is one of many villages , towns and cities across Pakistan reeling from torrential monsoon rain and flooding that authorities now say have affected 12 million people and killed as many as 1,500 . Pakistan 's disaster management authority estimated that 650,000 houses have been damaged or destroyed . By comparison , the earthquake of 2005 affected 3.2 million people and damaged or destroyed 611,000 homes . And no relief is in sight as the bloated Indus River overflows its banks and more rain continues to fall . Pakistan 's Meteorological Department issued an alert for the southern province of Sindh , far away from the northern Swat Valley , where the crisis began . "  Pakistan has been hit by the worst flood of its history , " said Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani in a televised speech Friday . "  As I speak , the flood is still engulfing new areas and adding to the scale of devastation . " Gilani said a true assessment of the loss to life and infrastructure can be determined only after the water recedes . He appealed to the international community and to Pakistanis living abroad to dig deep into their pockets . Relief agencies said donations are needed urgently to alleviate suffering . Patrick Fuller has worked for the International Red Cross for 15 years and been involved in other disasters . Still , he said Friday he was shocked by what he saw . "  These people need help desperately and the world needs to wake up , " Fuller told CNN . People ca n't go back to their homes . They are living in a precarious situation . " He said there has been a conspicuous absence of aid in some areas , despite efforts by the Red Cross and other international aid groups . Parts of the Swat Valley remain inaccessible by road ; helicopters provide the only way in or out for people , food , clean water or medicine . At Chakdara , south of the valley 's largest city , Mingora , people queued for more than four hours to cross a rickety temporary suspension bridge above swirling brown water . With the main highway crossing destroyed , people trying to escape were using a decrepit British-built 19th century bridge that was damaged in the rain . Meanwhile , among the suffering , anger grew at the government for perceived lack of action . Pakistanis hurled stinging criticism at President Asif Ali Zardari , who was in England for talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron during the worst of the crisis . Advisor Farahnaz Ispahani said Zardari was simply doing his job as head of state and had ensured the crisis at home was being adequately addressed by the prime minister . In Chachran Sharif , there were few signs of aid for the flood-displaced and frustration mixed with drizzle in the air . "  We elected him , " one man said about Zardari . "  Where is he ? " U.S. emergency relief teams were continuing to arrive in Peshawar for distribution by Pakistan 's National Disaster Management Authority , the State Department said Friday . In all , the U.S. Agency for International Development has committed $ 35 million in aid to international organizations and non-governmental organizations , it said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Dan Rivers and Moni Basu contributed to this story .	NEW : U.S. still sending aid to Pakistan An alert is issued for southern Sindh province What were once villages and towns are now lakes Pakistanis grow angry at the president for leaving the country
CNN  -- Mitt Romney has made much of President Barack Obama playing what he considers an inordinate amount of golf . I 've even read blogs likening it to Nero fiddling while Rome burned . Perhaps , and then again , perhaps not . Clearly , there has been a long association with the ancient game and the American presidency . In fact , Obama is the 15th of the last 18 presidents to play golf . Not only is he a hugely avid golfer , but a pretty fair one , too . As far as how much time he spends on the links , his annual rate of play is about the same as President Dwight D. Eisenhower , with President Bill Clinton right on their heels . It 's clear , the presidency and our great game have quite a thing going . And it seems the golf bug is bipartisan . Many people fondly recall Eisenhower and his utter passion for the game . During his presidency , he played some 210 rounds at Augusta National , the home of the Masters , many with his good friend Arnold Palmer . Such was his fervor for the game , he even had a putting green installed on the White House lawn . But Ike did n't play the most golf among our presidents , nor was he the best . The honor for the most golf played goes to Woodrow Wilson . It 's said that he played at least a few holes each day -- even in the snow -- reportedly logging more than 1,000 rounds in his two terms . Maybe that 's why the League of Nations failed . The best presidential golfer is widely acknowledged to be John F. Kennedy , usually shooting around 80 . But suffering from Addison 's disease and a bad back , Kennedy did n't play much while he was in office . He spent more time in his Oval Office rocking chair than on the links . Clinton , a passionate golfer whose foundation is associated with the recent Humana Classic in Palm Springs , California , was best known for taking Mulligans , a somewhat extra-legal do-over shot in a friendly match . The press even coined a term for them -- "  Billigans . " Franklin Delano Roosevelt often played at his family 's summer home in Maine before he was stricken with polio . A good golfer who never played while in office , he nevertheless made his mark on the game with his public works projects that led to the development of many public access golf courses , including one of the very best in the country , the Black Course at Bethpage State Park on Long Island , New York , the site of two recent U.S. Opens . Roosevelt left quite a lasting legacy on the game . Lyndon Johnson played the game , warning his playing partners that it was n't proper to beat the president . Most significantly , he used his outings on the links to secure votes for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . The best athlete as president ? Easy : Gerald Ford , a former All-American football center at the University of Michigan . An avid golfer , right after Jimmy Carter was sworn in replacing him , Ford immediately flew to Palm Springs to play golf with Bob Hope in his Pro Am just hours later . There 's more : President William Howard Taft , our 27th president , was so obsessive about the game he played in exhibition matches with top-notch players after his term of office ; President Calvin Coolidge , who never did get the hang of the game , left his clubs behind when he left the White House ; President Richard Nixon , always seemingly politically motivated , was said to have taken up the game to cozy up to Eisenhower and remain on the ticket as his running mate for a second term ; and President Ronald Reagan , who was known to putt down the aisle of Air Force One into the section reserved for the national press . There is golf royalty associated with our presidents . George H.W. Bush 's grandfather , George Herbert Walker , a former U.S. Golf Association president , donated the Walker Cup , the trophy for the prestigious international biannual amateur team matches . And Bush 's father , Prescott , was also smitten with the game , serving as president of the golf association as well and officiating at a number of Bobby Jones ' matches . Continuing the family tradition , George W. Bush , our 43rd president , is also an avid player , currently sporting a 12 handicap . But in his presidency , as a sign of respect for the U.S. troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan , he said he decided to stop playing golf while they were in harm 's way . After all , a president has to know his priorities . While our game is compelling and can be all consuming , it is sometimes incorrectly perceived , more than other presidential leisure activities , as a rich man 's game . So maybe , just maybe , the current occupant of the Oval Office should curtail his golf while our troops are still in harm 's way and the national unemployment rate is more than 8.5 % . As with our other golfing presidents , there 's plenty of time for golf later . Besides , he 'll never have to wait for a starting time . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Martin Davis .	Martin Davis : Mitt Romney thinks President Obama plays golf too often But U.S. presidency and golf have a long , traditional association , Davis says Davis says that Woodrow Wilson played the most ; John F. Kennedy played the best Golf bug is clearly bipartisan , he says , and there is golf royalty among presidents
CNN  -- A book company said Wednesday that it will release on September 11 a firsthand account of the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Christine Ball , director of marketing and publicity for Dutton , a subsidiary of Penguin Group USA , said the book was written by a Navy SEAL under a pen name . Although CNN has confirmed the name of the SEAL , the network agreed not to publish his identity at the request of Pentagon officials who said the information might lead to other SEALs on the raid being identified through social media links . After The Associated Press and Fox News reported the SEAL 's name online Thursday , many other websites , including The New York Times and USA Today , published his identity . The book is entitled "  No Easy Day : The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama bin Laden . " The former Navy SEAL was on the Bin Laden raid , according to Pentagon officials . The 36-year-old chief petty officer left the Navy as a highly-decorated commando in April , but he could be subject to criminal prosecution , they said . His military awards include five Bronze Stars with a special combat designation and a Purple Heart . He led others under fire at least seven times , Pentagon officials said . The book account includes the stealth helicopter crash that could have killed the author and his teammates , his publisher said . U.S. Special Operations Command has not reviewed the book or approved it , a Defense Department official said . Officials only recently became aware the former SEAL was writing a book but were told it encompasses more than just the raid and includes vignettes from training and other missions . They would like to see a copy , the official said , to make sure no classified information is released or the book contains any information that might out one of the team members . Officials have been told that some of the profits are going to charity . Former Special Forces officers slam Obama over leaks on bin Laden killing About two dozen U.S. Special Operations members and two helicopters were involved in the raid early May 2 , 2011 , in Abbottabad , Pakistan , that killed bin Laden . The raid occurred in a span of 38 minutes , after CIA reports of repeated sightings of a tall man doing "  prison yard walks " around the yard of the housing compound in Abbottabad , which was under constant surveillance , an official said on condition of anonymity a few days after the raid . U.S. authorities did not definitively determine beforehand that the man was bin Laden , but they eventually concluded that there was enough evidence to go through with the operation . One helicopter made a hard landing when it apparently came too close to a wall . It landed inside the western side of the compound with its tail rotor over the southern wall . The first man killed in the mission -- which the U.S. official said was code-named Operation Neptune Spear -- was the Kuwaiti courier who had worked for bin Laden . He was shot dead after a brief gunfight in a guest house . From that point on , it is believed no other shots were fired at the U.S. forces , the official said -- which contrasts with early U.S. government reports describing the operation as a "  firefight . " The troops then moved into the compound 's three-story main building , where they shot and killed the courier 's brother . As they went upstairs and around barricades , one of bin Laden 's sons rushed at them and was killed . Neither of these men had weapons either on them or nearby , the official said . The U.S. official said that the team then entered the third-floor room where bin Laden was , along with his Yemeni wife and several young children . The al Qaeda leader was moving , possibly toward one of the weapons that were in the room , when he was shot , first in the chest and then in the head . He never had a gun in hand but posed an imminent threat , according to the U.S. official . Bin Laden 's body was flown to the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson , then in the North Arabian Sea . After DNA tests and further confirmations of his identity , he was buried at sea within 12 hours of his killing "  in conformance with Islamic precepts and practices , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said . President Obama met with some of the Navy SEALs , often referred to as SEAL Team Six and officially as the Naval Special Warfare Development Group , at Fort Campbell , Kentucky . Opinion : Are ` Swift Boat ' attacks on Obama bogus ? The U.S. raid , which was conducted without the knowledge of Pakistan , enraged the Pakistani public and embarrassed its military . Three months later , 15 members of Seal Team Six were killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan . Oscar-winning director Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal are working on a movie about the raid . "  Zero Dark Thirty " is about the decade-long hunt for bin Laden . Bigelow and Boal are the team behind the 2008 Oscar-winning film "  The Hurt Locker . " The new movie was said to be set for release just before the election , but after Republicans complained that it was a pro-Obama ad , it was pushed back until December . There is some dispute over whether it was ever meant for release before December . The movie has been the focus of a Washington partisan fight since last summer . The Pentagon 's inspector general began an inquiry after questions were raised by Rep. Peter King , R-New York . He demanded investigations by the Department of Defense and CIA inspectors general into what , if any , classified information about Special Operations tactics , techniques and procedures were leaked to the filmmakers , calling the film a "  potentially dangerous collaboration " between liberal filmmakers and the administration . Some of what those investigations found did show collaboration between the administration and the filmmakers , but Defense Department and White House officials have said it 's no different than what they give many filmmakers and news reporters on a regular basis . CIA ` overlooked ' Osama bin Laden movie documents CNN 's Barbara Starr and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	NEW : Although CNN has confirmed the SEAL 's name , the network agreed not to publish his identity The book is due to come out September 11 The Navy SEAL author uses a pen name , the publisher says Controversial movie about the raid due out in December
CNN  -- In the fight against Ebola , Australia has said : No thanks . Immigration Minister Scott Morrison announced "  strong controls " on arrivals from West African countries affected by cases of the deadly disease . Telling Australia 's parliament during a question time session Monday that his ministry was currently "  not processing any application from these  Ebola  affected countries , " he said that the government was also suspending its humanitarian program . He added that holders of permanent Australian visas based in these countries would be subject to a mandatory , three-week quarantine process prior to their departure . Visitors approved to travel to Australia will also face further screening and followup checks upon arrival . The announcement came as a "  surprise , " the Australian Medical Association  AMA  president Brian Owler told CNN , who said that the chance of the disease entering the country through a migrant from the region was very low . "  It 's not necessarily a very well-focused decision . The bigger picture needs to be on our preparedness at home but more importantly our involvement in West Africa itself , putting doctors and nurses and other logistical elements in place and trying to combat the crisis there . " He added that the government had sought the advice of "  very few people , " and had excluded the AMA . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said : "  I not always agree with the Australian Medical Association , but I take them seriously and I think that the AMA invariably has the national interest at heart . " The announcement that no refugees will be accepted from West Africa must be overturned , the Australian Greens have said . "  While the government drags its feet in responding to the Ebola crisis , Scott Morrison has slammed the door on West African refugees , " the Greens ' immigration spokesperson , Senator Sarah Hanson-Young said . "  The immigration minister 's crusade against those in need has spread to West Africa and is simply unacceptable . "  This miserly , selfish and cruel announcement from the government is not a reflection of our nation 's character . " ` Make advice public ' The main opposition party called on the government to make the advice that informed its policy public . "  We want the government to release the advice on which this decision has been made , " Labor 's foreign affairs spokesman Matt Thistlethwaite said . "  We need to be absolutely certain that this government is n't being tough but dumb when it comes to protecting Australians from the risk of Ebola infection at home , " Thistlethwaite was quoted by the ABC as saying . Former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan told CNN 's Richard Quest that isolationism was not the answer to the current health crisis . "  The doctors from  the  WHO , to the CDC here and other countries have indicated that the worst thing you want to do is close off the borders and come up with this sort of restrictions and scare away potential help , " he said . "  Our concern should be with the public safety and public health but we have to accept that the only way we can deal with it in the medium to long term is to stop the epidemic . " Concerns are being raised that the Australian response is largely engineered to create political capital , particularly given the country 's well-documented hard line on immigration . "  There have been people here in Australia that have been asking for this kind of approach and I think the main drive is political , " Owler said . "  Of course it will always be dressed up as a solution to keeping Australians safe but in actual fact the people who are coming from West Africa , a number of them are coming on humanitarian grounds so there are concerns about why their visas are being denied , and for what period of time they 'll be denied for . " The nonprofit Medicines Sans Frontiers , also known as Doctors Without Borders , echoed the sentiment , saying that "  developed countries ' prevention strategies ... seem to have more political than medical implications . " Abbott defended the government 's decision , pointing to an AUS $ 18 million  $ 15.9 million  investment to combat the spread of the disease in West Africa , saying his "  government are taking very serious steps to address the Ebola crisis . " He added that the Australian authorities "  are continuing to talk to our friends and partners about what more might be done to address the situation in West Africa , " and that he did "  not rule out Australia doing more . " The Australian move follows North Korea 's tourist ban , also instigated over fears of the spread of the disease . Complete coverage on Ebola	Australia implements freeze on visas from West African countries affected by Ebola Move criticized by parliamentary opposition PM Abbott defends decision , saying the country has been active in fight against deadly disease
CNN  -- Shortly after Alabama 's rout of Notre Dame there was one word that many on the field seemed not to want to broach . Dynasty . But why not ? Alabama 's 42 to 14 thrashing of Notre Dame in Monday night 's BCS National Championship game was the Crimson Tide 's second in a row . It is also Alabama 's third national title in the last four years . Is n't this a dynasty , a reporter asked Alabama quarterback A.J. McCarron , moments after he led his team to the win ? "  You can call us whatever you want but this was a total team effort , " McCarron said . Alabama coach Nick Saban also shied away from the D - word during a news conference after the game . "  I do n't think words like dynasty are words that I have much interest in . That is for other people to speak about , " Saban said . And many on social media were . "  I really believe that this is , in my lifetime , the best dynasty that I 've ever seen in college football , " ESPN personality Kirk Herbstreit tweeted about Alabama . Herbstreit 's comment was retweeted thousands of times . In fact , " #Dynasty " was trending in many regions in the United States early Tuesday morning as Crimson Tide fans partied in the streets of Tuscaloosa . With the win , Alabama joins college football royalty . The team joins Nebraska , in the '90s , and Notre Dame , in the '40s , as the only teams to win three championships in four years . When Nebraska did it , they shared the 1997 championship with Michigan . And to add to Alabama 's legacy , none of the championship games were really close . In 2010 , Alabama stomped Texas 37 to 21 . Last year , the Tide blanked LSU 21 to 0 . And this year , the championship game felt like it was over at halftime . Game ? What game ? There 's a pretty woman in the stands ! The No. 2 Crimson Tide scored on drives of 82 , 61 and 80 yards against the top-ranked and undefeated Irish in its first three drives of the game . They drove 71-yards and scored with 31 seconds left in the half to take a dominating 28-0 lead . By that time , despite the fact that half of the game was yet to be played , many of those commenting on Twitter were jokingly wondering if Notre Dame would come out of the locker room for the second half . The Irish did , but it did not get much better for them . In fact , one of the biggest hits of the game on Alabama 's quarterback McCarron came from his own teammate , Barrett Jones . The two teammates disagreed on a play call and had to call a timeout to get it cleared up . McCarron got in his lineman 's face and Jones pushed him some three yards back , a feat that Notre Dame could never do throughout the game . Notre Dame also could n't stop Alabama 's running game . Crimson Tide runners Eddie Lacy and T.J. Yeldon both ran for more than 100 yards . Notre Dame Fighting Irish head coach Brian Kelly said his team had a lot to learn from Alabama . "  We are not there yet , " Kelly said . "  Alabama showed us that in the way they played the game . We got a lot of work left to do to get back here . " But there was one player from Alabama who was ready to put the crown on . "  I think I can use the word dynasty now , " said linebacker Nico Johnson , shortly after the confetti fell on the field . "  Three titles in four years , that is a dynasty . " Bleacher Report coverage of the national title game CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Alabama wins its third BCS title in four years The team joins two other teams in college football history to complete that feat "  This is , in my lifetime , the best dynasty that I 've ever seen in college football , " ESPN commentator says
CNN  -- Some big-name clubs were in action in European football 's second-tier competition on Thursday , but most attention was focused on Istanbul for the visit of little-fancied Maccabi Tel-Aviv . In a match played against a backdrop of escalating tensions between Turkey and Israel , the home team Besiktas triumphed 5-1 in the opening round of the Europa League tournament . With Turkey having announced the expulsion of Israel 's ambassador last week and the suspension of military agreements following a naval incident in May , there were fears the match might not go ahead . But despite some anti-Israel protests outside Inonu Stadium , the match passed relatively peacefully after Besiktas took the lead in the third minute through Portuguese striker Hugo Almeida , who doubled the advantage before half an hour had been played . Maccabi , 18-time Israeli champions but third in the league last season , pulled a goal back through Roi Kehat 's header four minutes after halftime but could not manage a first victory in the club 's fifth meeting with Turkish opposition . Besiktas -- fifth in last season 's Turkish Super Lig and winners of the domestic cup before club officials were arrested in a match-fixing investigation -- hit back immediately through Mehmet Aurelio and Egemen Korkmaz , while Brazilian substitute Edu added the fifth goal two minutes from time . In the other Group E tie , Dinamo Kiev had to come from behind to draw 1-1 with English side Stoke City . Ognjen Vukojevic 's late goal canceled out Cameron Jerome 's 55th-minute opener in Ukraine to deny the visitors victory in the club 's first European outing in 37 years . Last season 's losing finalists Braga beat English debutants Birmingham 3-1 away in Group H , while Belgium 's Bruges won 2-0 at home to Slovenia 's Maribor . Atletico Madrid , who won the 2009-10 title , cruised to a 2-0 win at home to Scottish side Celtic -- playing after Swiss club Sion lost an appeal after fielding ineligible players . Striker Falcao scored a record 17 goals in the competition last season as Porto won the title , and he opened the scoring with an early header for his new Spanish club . Brazilian midfielder Diego sealed victory in the second half . In the other Group I match , Italy 's Udinese won 2-1 at home Rennes . In Group A , English club Tottenham drew 0-0 away to Greece 's PAOK Salonika , who missed a first-half penalty which had to be retaken . Russia 's Rubin Kazan won 3-0 away to Irish minnows Shamrock . Danish titleholders Copenhagen lead Group B , winning 1-0 at home to Ukraine 's Vorskla Poltava after dropping down from the Champions League qualifiers . Germany 's Hannover drew 0-0 at home with Belgian runners-up Standard Liege . PSV Eindhoven , European champions in 1988 , won 1-0 at home Poland 's Legia Warsaw while Romania 's Rapid Bucharest triumphed by the same score away to Hapoel Tel-Aviv of Israel in the other Group C tie . Italian side Lazio were surprisingly held 2-2 at home by Romania 's Vaslui in Group D , while Portugal 's Sporting Lisbon won 2-0 away to Swiss club Zurich . Big-spending French club Paris St. Germain won 3-1 at home to Austria 's Salzburg in Group F , while Spanish side Athletic Bilbao won 2-1 away to Slovakia 's Slovan Bratislava . In Group G , Dutch club AZ Alkmaar beat Sweden 's Malmo 4-1 and Ukraine 's Metalist Kharkiv came from behind to win 2-1 away to Austria Vienna . Maccabi Haifa gave Israel some joy with a 1-0 win at home to AEK Larnaca of Cyprus in Group J , while Steaua Bucharest and Germany 's Schalke battled to a stalemate in Romania . English club Fulham , losing finalists in 2010 , drew 1-1 at home with that season 's Dutch champions Twente in Group K -- where Denmark 's Odense head the standings after winning 3-1 away to Poland 's Wisla Krakow . In Group L , Belgian side Anderlecht trounced AEK Athens 4-1 as Argentine striker Matias Suarez scored a hat-trick , while Russia 's Locomotiv Moscow won 2-1 in Austria against Sturm Graz .	Maccabi Tel Aviv lose 5-1 in trip to face Turkish club Besiktas in Europa League Match played against a back-drop of rising tensions between Turkey and Israel It passes with few problems , though protesters demonstrate outside ground European football 's secondary tournament begins group stage after qualifying rounds
CNN  -- Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick lifted a state of emergency Thursday , one day after blizzard conditions pounded his state and created hazardous travel conditions across New England . Hundreds of schools remained closed in Massachusetts as crews continued to clear snow and to salt icy roadways , according to state Emergency Management spokesman Peter Judge . The state 's 250 National Guardsmen -- who were mobilized as a precautionary measure on Wednesday -- were relieved from duty by Thursday morning , Judge said . Delta Air Lines canceled more than 200 Delta and Delta Connection flights in an effort to minimize delays , the airline said . It had canceled 1,300 flights Wednesday because of the storm . Amtrak , which had suspended rail service between New York City and points north , resumed full service by Thursday morning , according to Amtrak spokesman Cliff Cole . Officials said snow accumulation in scattered areas across Massachusetts , Connecticut , Rhode Island , New Hampshire and Vermont reached up to 30 inches , while most areas received between 8 and 16 inches of snow . Snowfall in the heaviest areas reached rates of 2 to 3 inches per hour on Wednesday , according to the National Weather Service . Some residents in Brattleboro , Vermont , donned cross-country skis as they traveled down snow-jammed roads , while their neighbors heaved shovelfuls of snow out of driveways and sidewalks , said town resident Caleb Clark . By Thursday , some 1,500 households remained without electricity in Massachusetts , according to the National Grid utility company 's website . Tens of thousands of residents had lost power Wednesday evening when high winds and fallen trees knocked out transmission-lines . The hardest-hit areas included Plymouth , Bristol , Essex , Norfolk and Suffolk counties in Massachusetts , the utility company said . "  This is the second major storm we are battling in less than three weeks , " said Christopher E. Root , National Grid senior vice president of electricity operations . "  We ask that our customers bear with us and be patient as our crews work in challenging weather conditions to restore service as safely and quickly as possible . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said only 30 vehicles had been towed as a result of the storm . That number is in stark contrast to the thousands of cars , buses and ambulances left stranded last month after cleanup crews struggled to plow streets days after the storm . Bloomberg , who faced sharp criticism over the slow emergency response , said New York was better equipped to tackle Wednesday 's storm . More than 1,700 flights were canceled at the New York area 's three major airports , while hundreds more were grounded at Boston 's Logan International Airport , officials said . The general manager at LaGuardia Airport , Thomas Bosco , said many airlines pre-emptively canceled flights ahead of the weather to avoid massive delays that plagued airports during last month 's holiday blizzard . The storm swept into the Northeast after dumping unusually heavy snow across the South . Every U.S. state except Florida has snow on the ground , including Hawaii , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . In Atlanta , Mayor Kasim Reed pledged city streets will be able to handle weekend crowds at several downtown events , including the NFC divisional playoff game Saturday evening at the Georgia Dome . "  The administration , in conjunction with the Georgia Department of Transportation and private contractors , have worked aggressively to clear roads and ensure the safety and welfare of Atlanta residents , " his office said in a statement Thursday . Reed came under criticism for the city 's planned response to the snow , which arrived Sunday night . The city expanded its fleet of snow response equipment from 10 pieces to 58 Tuesday . By Thursday , more than 115 vehicles were clearing the effects of the largest snow event in at least a decade .	NEW : Atlanta mayor says city will be ready for NFL game Massachusetts lifts state of emergency 1,500 households remain without power in Massachusetts Delta cancels 200 flights in an effort to minimize delays
CNN  -- Bob Lyon remembers the day he met Howard Hughes . He also recalls when Hughes nearly crashed a plane into his boyhood home . Nearly 40 years after Hughes died , Lyon 's life still crosses paths with the eccentric billionaire . Lyon has found himself in the center of a dispute over Hughes ' gigantic , bizarre wooden seaplane nicknamed the Spruce Goose . This thing is arguably the world 's most famous airplane and -- at five stories tall with a wingspan longer than a football field -- one of the biggest on the planet . Related : Stalking the world 's biggest planes The Spruce Goose 's home is a respected aviation museum , which is part of an investigation by the state of Oregon . Here 's the story : In 1992 , Evergreen Aviation and Space Museum in McMinnville , Oregon , struck a half-million-dollar deal with Aero Club of Southern California to buy the legendary plane . Lyon -- who represents Aero Club -- is now negotiating the plane 's final payment , which he estimates at about $ 50,000 . For Lyon , this is way more than everyday business . "  This plane was a part of my life , " said Lyon , 77 . "  I saw it being built . I saw it being put together . " Unfortunately , negotiations have hit a snag . More on that in a minute . First , you got ta know about the amazing story surrounding the plane and the man who flew it . Its official name was the H-4 . Hughes called it the Hercules . Designed to carry more than 700 troops , the Spruce Goose flew only once . In 1947 in Long Beach harbor , it grabbed about 70 feet of air for about a mile . Hughes â $ " who piloted the test flight â $ " said it needed more development . He never let it fly again . Was the flight a failure , as some newspapers suggested ? Depends on who you ask . Hughes did prove the thing could fly . But it was never officially certified . Lawmakers hauled Hughes before a congressional committee to justify the plane 's taxpayer price tag of $ 22 million . Hughes pointed out that he had spent an additional $ 18 million of his own funds to develop the plane . Fearless rogue pilot When Lyon met Hughes , it was n't the OCD-plagued , naked , bearded recluse portrayed near the end of Martin Scorsese 's "  The Aviator . " This was before that . This was a younger Hughes -- the seemingly fearless , rogue pilot and entrepreneur who was hell-bent on success for his aircraft manufacturing company . Lyon was then 10 years old . Hughes seemed like a likable person when they met at the office of Lyon 's father -- who was Hughes ' patent lawyer . "  I 'd never seen a tall , lanky , guy with a Texas accent before , " he remembers . "  I grew up in Southern California . " In July 1946 , the young Lyon had a more memorable brush with the man when Hughes crashed a prototype reconnaissance plane a block away from his parents ' Beverly Hills home . The boy arrived at the crash scene to see a fire , a huge column of black smoke and what was left of three damaged houses . No one was killed , but Lyon saw an ambulance driver help transport a seriously injured victim . "  That turned out to be Howard Hughes , " he said . Soon , other neighborhood kids descended on the scene and started grabbing small pieces of wreckage and running off with them as souvenirs . Lyon remembers police canvassing the neighborhood looking for the missing debris . "  My brother and I were upstairs and my mother went to the front door and there were two officers from the Beverly Hills police department asking , ` Do you have any young children in this house ? ' She yelled upstairs to us , saying , ` Do you have some pieces of that airplane ? ' We said , ` No ! ' And she said , ` Yes , I think you do ! Bring them down here ! The police are here and they want them . ' So we pulled this piece of metal out from underneath my brother 's bed and took it downstairs , " Lyon recalled with a chuckle . "  We thought that was highly unfair . " That same year Lyon watched trucks roll the Spruce Goose down local streets from the plane 's construction site on Los Angeles ' west side to Long Beach . They "  cut telephone and power lines to get this huge thing down the road . " Hughes died in 1976 at age 70 , and by the early 1980s the Spruce Goose was forced to move out of its giant Long Beach hangar . The plane 's owners -- including Hughes ' Summa Corp. and the U.S. government -- gave the plane to the Aero Club . The transfer forestalled tax expenses and the prospect of cutting the plane into pieces for display at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington . "  The Aero Club 's mission in this whole thing was to save the Spruce Goose , " said Lyon . The club leased the plane to a company as a tourist attraction . Spruce Goose was moved a short distance away to a spectacular seaside dome next to the moored luxury liner Queen Mary . Around that time , during a celebration dinner , Lyon arrived late to what was supposed to be an escorted tour of the plane . He took the liberty of exploring it alone . Lyon , who also has an engineering degree and a pilot 's license , said it was like being a "  kid in a candy store . " He wandered inside one of the aircraft 's gigantic wings , amazed at the plane 's engineering . He climbed up a set of stairs into the cockpit , daring to sit in the pilot seat where Hughes flew the plane in 1947 . "  I noted that there were controls for the pilot , but none for the co-pilot , " Lyon said with a chuckle . "  Yeah , Howard was gon na fly it . He did n't need any help . " Eventually the Spruce Goose had to leave the dome . That 's when Aero Club struck a bargain with Evergreen and the behemoth was floated up the West Coast on barges in a spectacular 138-day moving operation to Oregon . Now , Lyon is piloting Aero Club 's negotiations for the plane 's final payment . The dispute , said Lyon , basically comes down to a payment formula and the interpretation of three words : justifiable operating expense . "  It 's a problem of contract interpretation , " Lyon said . News media reports have overstated the negotiations ' worst-case scenario , he explained . "  We 're not interested in repossessing it . It would be a nightmare . " For its part , the museum agrees with Lyon . " ... both sides expect a prompt resolution of that payment , " the museum said in a statement . Although the museum declined CNN 's requests for an interview , the museum 's statement said the facility remains open , is financially viable and has no plans to close . Bottom line : museum-goers -- which number around 150,000 a year -- have nothing to fear , Lyon said . "  The Spruce Goose is going to stay where it is . " "  The museum is no danger of losing the Spruce Goose , " echoed Evergreen spokeswoman Melissa Grace in a statement . "  It will stay at its home at the museum for visitors to enjoy for years to come . " But the museum faces another financial issue . For months the Evergreen museum , and a related organization called the Captain Michael Smith Educational Institute , have been part of an investigation by Oregon 's Justice Department . Agency spokesman Michael Kron said the investigation was sparked by "  people who were concerned about financial transactions by Evergreen . " The museum owner holds companies that are for-profit and some that are nonprofit . There have been allegations of improper transfer of funds between the two types of companies . The museum said it is independent , self-sufficient and nonprofit . Kron describes the probe as a "  charitable activities investigation into the charity that runs the museum . " Recently , a broker listed two of the museum 's plane exhibits -- a 1945 Grumman Avenger for $ 250,000 and a 1928 Ford Tri-Motor â $ " for $ 1.75 million . It 's unknown if the museum 's decision to sell the planes is linked to its financial issues . "  The vast majority " of the museum 's aircraft exhibits , it said , "  are unaffected by issues " linked to the investigation . Evergreen said most of the planes on display at the museum are on loan from some of the best aviation museums in the world , including the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force , the Smithsonian Institution National Air and Space Museum and the National Naval Aviation Museum . The museum says it 's "  in no danger of losing its displays from these and other sources " and it has "  cooperated with the Department of Justice in its review and that we are confident the Department of Justice would acknowledge our cooperation and the good work we have put into addressing concerns it has raised . " Kron said a final investigation report is expected to be made public soon . Meanwhile , Lyon is nearing the finish line as a custodian of this aviation icon . During the two decades since the Spruce Goose deal was struck , he 's never traveled to Oregon to see the plane . But , he said , who knows ? When it 's all said and done , he may fly up for a visit .	Museum housing Howard Hughes ' giant seaplane is part of an investigation Museum says it 's financially viable and has no plans to close Built in the 1940s , Spruce Goose still has the world 's widest wingspan Lawyer negotiating final ownership payment : Spruce Goose will stay where it is
CNN  -- People put their newspaper delivery on hold when they go on vacation to avoid a pile of papers on the driveway , advertising their absence to burglars . But for dozens of Californians , that pre-emptive move backfired . Badly . Armed with stolen lists of vacationing subscribers , a troupe of burglars ransacked at least 25 Los Angeles-area homes to the tune of $ 1 million over a period of three years , authorities said . The team stole computers , jewelry , musical instruments and even collectible swords , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . The scheme started when 51-year-old Duane Van Tuinen , an office machine repairman , was contracted by distributors of the Los Angeles Times to repair equipment , officials said . Once inside the businesses , investigators said , Van Tuinen repeatedly stole lists of Los Angeles Times subscribers who asked their newspaper delivery be put on hold while they went on vacation . Van Tuinen passed the lists on to three others who carried out the burglaries , the sheriff 's department said . Three other men -- Randall Whitmore , 43 ; Joshua Box , 43 ; and Edwin Valentine , 52 -- are suspected in the burglary ring . Charges were pending as investigators tried to locate as many victims and identify as many of the burglaries as possible , officials said . Detectives recovered hundreds of pieces of stolen property from dozens of residential burglaries . According to the Times , the burglars allegedly stole $ 1 million worth of property . "  Although much of the stolen property has been returned to the rightful owners , we are still trying to locate additional victims , " Detective Jack Jordan of the Major Crimes Bureau said . The Times said it has launched an internal review and has cooperated with the sheriff 's department . "  Our customers can rest assured that no financial information was involved and that these robberies , while terribly unfortunate , are likely limited to a small section of the vast area we cover , " Director of Communications Hillary Manning said in a statement . But going forward , the newspaper said it will no longer share vacation information with distributors . New York Times says Chinese hackers broke into its computers	Four men are accused of using lists of vacationing subscribers for dozens of burglaries Thieves reportedly stole $ 1 million in property , including computers , jewelry and swords The Los Angeles Times says no financial information was compromised The paper says it will no longer share vacation information with distributors
The campaigns of President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney do n't agree on much . But on one subject , officials from both sides are in sync . As the GOP primary race goes into its third official month , the biggest winner appears to be the president . Referring to rivals Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum , a Romney campaign staffer said , "  The only person 's odds of winning are increasing are President Barack Obama 's , " arguing it was time for Gingrich and Santorum to depart the race . Several leading Republicans have publicly echoed that sentiment in recent days , confronted with poll numbers showing the president 's job approval rating above 50 % for the first time in months -- a far cry from last fall when he was mired in the low 40s . The ongoing Republican infighting has dragged down Romney 's favorability rating among swing voters , forced him to awkwardly pivot right from stances that otherwise would have resonated with a broader electorate in the fall and led to a series of gaffes that could have been avoided had the former Massachusetts governor sewed up the nomination weeks ago . All the while , Obama 's own campaign machinations have largely skated under the radar , allowing him to appear to be the adult in the room as the Republican candidates fight over contraception , illegal immigration , the minimum wage and each others ' pasts . In the process , Obama 's favorability among key voting blocs such as women and Latinos has jumped significantly . And most important , recent surveys suggest the president has rebounded among independent voters , a swath of the electorate that catapulted him to victory four years ago but had abandoned him during his presidency . Equally disturbing to Republicans are a series of recent surveys showing the president handily beating Romney in a head-to-head contest , a reversal from October when Romney held a slight lead . That trend led conservative stalwart George Will last week to forecast Romney is headed for a Barry Goldwater-esque defeat come November . Ongoing Republican sniping has also allowed the Obama campaign to steadily build its campaign apparatus behind the scenes , opening scores of field offices in every key state out of which staffers and volunteers methodically resurrect the unparalleled get-out-the-vote effort from four years ago . "  We 're using this time to build while they 're destroying each other , " top Obama adviser David Axelrod said earlier this week . The campaign has also restricted its advertising to one positive spot on the president 's energy policy , a subject Democrats believe will be among the key issues in the fall as gas prices rise . The campaign is also set to release a 17-minute documentary-style video next week showcasing the president 's achievements during his first term . At the same time , Obama 's lack of a direct opponent has allowed him to stay on message and conduct the re-election bid on his own terms . Conveniently , Obama avoids commenting on his likely Republican opponent until the nomination is actually wrapped up . But that has n't stopped the president from goading the Republicans at nearly every turn , often trying to upstage them -- like his White House news conference on the GOP 's Super Tuesday -- before every key primary this season . Of course , it was only four years ago when some Democrats were making similar doom-and-gloom predictions about their own contentious nominating fight , during which then-Sen . Hillary Clinton and Obama exchanged heated rhetoric well into May . But forecasts that such bickering would harm the eventual nominee 's candidacy were all but forgotten two months later when Clinton offered a resounding endorsement of her onetime opponent at the Democrats ' national convention . Meanwhile , fears that Clinton 's ardent supporters would n't vote for Obama come November largely never materialized . Republicans are holding out hope for a similar outcome on their side , mindful that most Americans are n't paying close heed to the ins and outs of the GOP race . "  I get the feeling there 's a real disconnect between the political class that 's paying attention to all of this and what the public thinks , " said Ari Fleischer , the former press secretary to President George W. Bush and a CNN contributor . He 's predicting that most of the GOP infighting will be forgotten once the party rallies around a nominee . "  I 'm seeing more and more conservatives who are n't Romney fans starting to say , ` You know what , it 's time to start fighting Barack Obama and stop fighting ourselves , ' " Erick Erickson , a CNN contributor and founder of Redstate.com , said earlier this week . But senior officials on the president 's campaign argue the parallels between 2008 and 2012 are tenuous at best . For starters , the long Democratic primary campaign four years ago was widely believed to burnish Obama as a candidate . Not so with Romney , who has made a string of verbal missteps and shows little sign of getting more comfortable on the campaign trail . Democrats also argue the Obama and Clinton sniping pales in comparison to that of the Republican candidates this year , each of whom have spent millions of dollars on negative commercials and have sparred repeatedly during 20 televised debates . The result is a Republican primary electorate largely unsatisfied with its crop of candidates and showing little enthusiasm at the polls . "  That lack of enthusiasm among Republicans is real , and it 's unmistakable , " said Jim Messina , the president 's campaign manager , pointing to low voter turnout figures . Adding to that contention is a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showing GOP enthusiasm since the fall has ticked down 13 points , to 51 % . Finally , the president 's supporters maintain Obama and Clinton did not shift leftward on key positions during their primary battle , forestalling the need for an awkward trek back to the middle during the fall campaign . In contrast , Romney has been forced to embrace more conservative positions on several key issues that could make courting independent voters difficult come November . "  They think they can wipe the slate clean , " Axelrod said . "  The American people take his words seriously and his positions seriously ... we 're going to hold him to them . "	Some leading Republicans think it 's time to wrap up the race While Republican candidates spar , Obama campaign can quietly prepare for fall Some drawing parallels with 2008 Democratic campaign , which went into May Republican enthusiasm , support from independents falling as campaign goes on
CNN  Police added attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother of a quadriplegic man who was left in the woods for days , Philadelphia police spokeswoman Christine O'Brien said Tuesday . Nyia Parler can not be extradited to face the charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "  treatment , " Maryland police said Monday . When she does arrive , she will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses , in addition to the attempted murder count , O'Brien said . The Montgomery County  Maryland  Department of Police took Parler , 41 , into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland . A man walking through the woods found him Friday "  lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby , " Philadelphia police say . Citing federal health care privacy laws , Montgomery County police spokesman Capt. Paul Starks said he could not divulge why Parler was receiving treatment , but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited . She remained in treatment as of Tuesday morning , Starks told CNN . If she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to Philadelphia once the treatment is complete , he said . For more than four days , police say , the quadriplegic man , who also suffers from cerebral palsy , was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia 's Cobbs Creek Park . Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area Wednesday and Thursday . The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker told reporters that the man 's mother left him there the morning of April 6 . Starks identified the mother as Parler on Monday . "  The mother went to visit her boyfriend down in Maryland , over in Montgomery County , and we believe she placed the child into Cobbs Creeks Park , " Walker said at a news conference . Walker told CNN the man was transported to Presbyterian Hospital , but CNN affiliates reported he was being treated at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . He suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . "  This kid 's obviously a fighter , " Walker said during a Saturday news conference . "  It 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . To see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . " Officials at Philadelphia 's School of the Future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , Philadelphia police said . "  The aunt was in contact via text message with Nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant , Nyia replied , ` We 're OK , ' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with Nyia in Maryland , " according to a police news release . When police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , Walker said . "  She indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in Maryland , " he said . The boyfriend was not aware of what happened , Walker told CNN affiliate KYW-TV . Walker told reporters she bore "  clear criminal liability in this case . " There was no reason for the man to suffer , Walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . Two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . Parler 's sister told police that Parler has another child , a 16-year-old . The mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , Walker told reporters . Authorities are interested in learning more about "  how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Philadelphia police add attempted murder to list of charges mom will face Mom told police son was with her in Maryland , but he was found Friday alone in woods Victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition
Solomon Islands  CNN  -- After the furor caused by a French magazine 's decision to publish topless photos of the Duchess of Cambridge , she and Prince William will be more than ready to get away from it all in the South Pacific . As they arrive in the Solomon Islands on the next step of their Asian tour , "  Welkom William and Kate " is the message the royal couple will see on huge billboards scattered across the capital , Honiara . And in a straw poll of residents , it 's clear the city is more than excited about the couple 's arrival on Sunday . One man told me he will be heading to the airport early to catch a glimpse of them . He guessed half the population will turn out for the "  once-in-a-lifetime " opportunity to see the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . The couple are no doubt set for a big South Pacific welcome , involving not just big crowds but music and dancers . They will surely smile when they see their ground transport -- a pick-up truck dressed up as a canoe . Oarsmen will pretend to row the couple into town . Opinion : British privacy should start with British press Later in the trip they will take to a real canoe , with rowers who will take them to a paradise island , accompanied by swimmers dressed as sharks . This leg of the tour will be full of photo opportunities -- but Kate and William may well have mixed views about that . The last leg to Malaysia was overshadowed by the French magazine Closer 's decision to publish pictures of Kate sunbathing topless while on a private holiday with William in France . She was upset , William is angry and they have both decided to take legal action against the publisher . But this is part of a bigger battle . They are trying to set a precedent ; drawing a line under what they see as creeping media intrusion . William is fiercely protective of his wife and he is determined to protect her from the fate of his mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , who was hounded by the paparazzi right up to the moment she died in Paris . After Diana : How can intimate royal snaps be published in France ? What will hearten , and possibly surprise , William and Kate when they get here is that nobody is talking about the topless pictures . I ca n't see a mention of it in the papers and people seem much more interested in catching a glimpse of the couple and celebrating this moment when the Solomons take a rare step into the global spotlight . It 's really only the media pack accompanying the tour that is discussing the photos -- because that 's what 's making the headlines in Europe , the United States and Australia . There is some apprehension among the accredited photographers that Kate and William will now become even more shy of the cameras , but the palace says the couple are determined to carry on with the tour as planned . They do n't want their trip to be ruined by the magazine scandal and it seems the islanders awaiting their arrival feel the same . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge look set to have some respite and some fun in the Solomon Islands . But as this week has demonstrated , nothing about royal tours is predictable .	William and Catherine are on a tour of southeast Asian nations Residents of the Solomon Islands are set to give them a warm welcome Their visit to Malaysia was overshadowed by a furor over topless photos of Kate William and Kate are suing the French magazine that published the pictures
CNN  -- Three people died and 79 others were injured , four seriously , in a suspected terror attack Wednesday in China 's restive northwestern region . The incident spurred the nation 's President Xi Jinping -- who was completing a four-day tour to the area -- to vow action against separatist attacks , state news reported . An explosion rocked the South Railway Station of Urumqi , capital of China 's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region , followed by a knife attack at the same location . Xinhua announced the casualty toll via Twitter early Thursday , as well as Xi 's urging "  decisive actions " in response . "  The battle to combat violence and terrorism will not allow even a moment of slackness , and decisive actions must be taken to resolutely suppress the terrorists ' rampant momentum , " state-owned media reported Xi as saying . Xinhua , quoting police , also said "  knife-wielding mobs " attacked people at one of the station 's exits following the blast , which occurred around 7 p.m. Wednesday . Police evacuated people from the square in front of the station , deployed armed officers and cordoned off entrances to the station , where train services had been suspended . The station reopened about two hours later . with passengers re-entering under a heavily-armed police presence . Frequent outbreaks of violence have beset Xinjiang , a resource-rich region where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled sectarian tensions with the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . China was shocked in March as a violent terror attack in another train station , in Kunming , saw 10 men armed with long knives kill 29 commuters . The fight against separatist violence in the autonomous region was a focus of the Chinese leader 's visit . During his tour , Xi visited security forces and watched an anti-terror drill , Hong Kong 's South China Morning Post reported . "  The battle to combat violence and terrorism will not allow even a moment of slackness , and decisive actions must be taken to resolutely suppress the terrorists ' rampant momentum , " Xinhua quoted Xi as saying during his tour . He also stressed the importance of "  long-term stability " in the region as "  vital to the whole country 's reform , development and stability ; to the country 's unity , ethnic harmony and national security as well as to the great revival of Chinese nation . " Speaking to local officials , the President called for national unity and opposition to separatism . He said China will use a "  strike-first " strategy against militants in the region and forge policies to promote ethnic harmony . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Euan McKirdy contributed to this report .	NEW : President Xi -- who was visiting region -- urges "  decisive actions " against terror attacks NEW : Station reopens 2 hours after blast , as passengers return as armed police watched The explosion happened at an exit to a train station in Urumqi in China 's restive northwest There have been tensions between Uyghurs and Han Chinese in Xinjiang
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Latino immigrants living in Suffolk County , New York , have been living in an environment of intolerance and attacks against them , a report released Wednesday by the Southern Poverty Law Center said . The atmosphere of intolerance is stoked in part by anti-immigrant groups , an indifferent police department , and county leaders themselves , according to the report . The law center , which researches and keeps tabs on hate groups , became interested in the Long Island county after the November 8 , 2008 , murder of Marcelo Lucero , an Ecuadorian immigrant in Patchogue , New York . Prosecutors allege that the killers were a group of teenagers who targeted Latinos as part of a sport they called "  beaner-hopping . " After four months of research in Suffolk County that included interviews with more than 70 Latino immigrants , 30 local religious leaders and other community leaders , the law center said it found a pattern of ethnic intolerance going back 10 years . Low-level harassment of Latinos in Suffolk County is common , the report said . "  They are regularly taunted , spit upon and pelted with apples , full soda cans , beer bottles and other projectiles , " the report said . Latino residents riding bikes have been run off the road and others have been beaten with baseball bats or shot at with BB guns , the report said . "  Our feeling is that what we found is really the tip of a very ugly iceberg , " Mark Potok , who edited the report , said at a news conference Wednesday . "  We were told stories that are absolutely hair-raising . " The findings point to a disturbing larger trend , the report said . The situation in Suffolk "  is a microcosm of a problem facing the entire United States , where FBI statistics suggest a 40 percent rise in anti-Latino hate crimes between 2003 and 2007 , " the report said . Tuesday night in Patchogue , the same city where Lucero was killed , a church frequented by Latinos was vandalized with anti-Mexican graffiti , Potok said . The climate of fear in Suffolk County was created in part by anti-immigration voices that found sympathetic ears in the area , according to the report . Anti-immigrant groups , such as the now-defunct Sachem Quality of Life , "  heavily influenced the tone for public discourse on immigration in the area , " the report said . This stance was adopted by county leaders themselves , the law center said . In August 2001 , county legislator Michael D'Andre said that if his community were "  attacked " by Latino day laborers , "  we 'll be up in arms ; we 'll be out with baseball bats . " In March 2007 , another county legislator , Elie Mystal , said of Latino day laborers looking for work , "  If I 'm living in a neighborhood and people are gathering like that , I would load my gun and start shooting , period . " Both men later apologized for their remarks , according to news reports . Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy , who was also criticized in the report for employing measures seen as anti-immigrant , responded to the report Wednesday with a list of facts he says were distorted or taken out of context by the law center . For instance , a statement in the report that raids evicted day laborers from their homes in Suffolk County was distorted , Levy 's office said . The action in question affected a condemned house where 60 people were living in hazardous conditions , the statement said . The law center 's contention that Levy tried to downplay the significance of the Lucero murder was a misrepresentation of a comment the executive made to a reporter , the statement said . The law center report also said Latinos who had suffered harassment and crimes against them seldom reported them to police because they seemed indifferent . "  Many said police did not take their reports of attacks seriously , often blaming the victim instead , " the report said . The law center recommended that police receive training to take hate-motivated crimes more seriously , and that area leaders avoid language that could be conducive to inciting violence against immigrants .	New York county studied by Southern Poverty Law Center after slaying Ecuadorian immigrant was killed in '08 in what prosecutors call a race crime Latinos "  regularly taunted , spit upon and pelted " with objects , report says "  What we found is really the tip of a very ugly iceberg , " law center spokesman says
CNN  -- Perhaps you have done something like this at some stage in your life : you wake up late for work , hung-over , maybe still a little drunk . You throw on some clothes and report for duty . Maybe you even take a little pride in having gotten your act together so fast ? Hopefully you did n't snort cocaine to clear your head , and hopefully you were n't piloting a commercial airliner either . This is how the morning goes for Captain Whip Whitaker  Denzel Washington  , who copes with an angry wake-up call from his ex-wife and then has to face down a storm on takeoff . As the saying goes , it 's all down hill from here . An hour into the flight , the plane goes into a tailspin , and Whip has to use his expertise to execute a death-defying emergency landing . He 's a national hero -- until the blood test results come in . With its spectacular plane crash -- I would rate it fractionally behind the air disasters director Robert Zemeckis staged in "  Cast Away " and Joe Carnahan in "  The Grey , " but still more than gut-wrenching enough to make you think about taking the train , next time -- "  Flight " immediately raises the stakes on your typical addiction drama . But that 's essentially what it is -- with a courtroom finish for extra lift . See , that title refers not just to one doomed trip , but also to Whip 's pattern of evasion . In the aftermath , he steers as far as possible from public scrutiny , avoids even his own defense team , and like all addicts reserves his biggest lies for himself . The first thing he does when he wakes up in hospital is reach out to his supplier for a little extra-medicinal support  he 's played by John Goodman with much the same gusto he brings to "  Argo "  , but Whip refuses his offer of booze and goes on the wagon for a spell . That resolve crumbles when he realizes the kind of trouble he 's in . When he picks up a fellow addict  Kelly Reilly  and offers her shelter in the out-of-the-way farm where he grew up , it 's a toss-up whether he 's trying to help or looking for a like-minded screw-up and enabler . The relationship is well-acted without ever quite dispelling the whiff of the screenwriting manual . And that goes for the movie as a whole , which is always expert and sometimes extremely tense , but maybe a bit too on the nose . This is a good movie , but not a great one . Still , Denzel Washington is very fine , packing some extra baggage around the midriff here , his customary swagger speckled with resentment and soulful self-doubt . Whip 's a terrific pilot and a deeply flawed human being -- an atheist who will pray with a surviving crew-member if that 's what it takes to secure a friendly witness for his hearing . It 's not too often we find such questionable characters at the heart of big budget movies like this , and there 's a lived-through-it quality to the movie 's observations on alcoholism that helps "  Flight " transcend its occasional cliches and even its cop-out sentimental ending . Zemeckis squeezes maximum suspense out of Whip 's wobbly sobriety -- the mini-bar has never looked so sinister -- but even he has trouble disguising the hollow dilemma propping up John Gatins ' story : Is it okay for a pilot to be drunk in charge of an aircraft ? I think we all know the answer to that one .	"  Flight " stars Denzel Washington as a flawed airline pilot Critic praises the spectacular plane crash in film There 's also a love story between Washington and another troubled character
CNN  -- Anything creative begins with a question . The problem is that questions take us into uncertainty , which is a very dangerous place to be . If there were a predator next to you and your brain was n't absolutely sure what to do , then it 'd probably be too late . The need to translate ambiguous sensory information into meaningful behavior has been the fundamental drive of brain evolution , without which survival in a complex world would not have been possible . And yet a deep irony is that the best questions -- i.e. , the ones that challenge our deepest sense of what is true -- create the most uncertainty . So how is it possible to be creative ? Fortunately nature gave us a solution , which in the context of human culture we call science . Not science reduced to the Methods section of a paper , but science as a "  way of being , " where not only is uncertainty celebrated , but so too are possibility , diversity and openness . In other words ... play . Watch Beau Lotto 's TED Talk Armed with this idea that science is play  and thus experiments are games  I asked whether we could not simply teach children about science , but actually enable them to become the scientist and in this way offer children an essential tool for contending with the uncertainty that is inherent to life . The answer to this question was the Blackawton Bees Project . Through the course of several "  workshops " spread over three months , Dave Strudwick and I went on a journey with 25 children aged 8 to 10 years old . The journey was broken down into several distinct stages , but what happened within each stage was an emergent consequence of the interactions with and between the children . The first step was "  Wonder , " since without it there 's no motivation to ask a question . The second was to ask "  Why ? " the third "  What If ? " and the fourth -- "  Who Cares ? " In other words , the focus was not on coming up with answers to questions set by a teacher  in which the answers are already known  , but on asking questions -- novel questions -- that were of interest to the children . In this instance , those questions came in the context of bumblebee visual behavior . The children came up with the idea of seeing if bumblebees could learn to recognize different spatial configurations of color , which is important for bees in deciding which flowers to go to for foraging and was a relatively unknown area of science . TED.com : E.O. Wilson 's advice to young scientists It should be noted that we did not receive funding for this project largely because it was thought that children " ... could not do it , " and because the funders required the process to be fully prescribed , which is like asking an artist to describe what the painting is going to look like before he/she paints it , or to describe the results of an experiment before even the question itself has been devised . The result was tremendous . Not only did the children devise meaningful questions , but also crafted games  i.e. experiments  to address them . They made the subsequent observations and working together created a "  story " about the process and their observations . It was the latter that was submitted for publication . TED.com : Yep , I built a nuclear fusion reactor Naturally , while the editors of nearly every biologically-based science journal -- including the most prestigious journals -- were interested in the story and process , none were willing to review the manuscript because it was n't written in the typical style of a science paper . This , however , creates a problem . If one has observations that are both novel and relevant obtained from a robust scientific method , are the findings made less important by mode of communication ?  The paper was eventually published by the journal Biology Letters ; read it here . The Blackawton Bees Project demonstrates that by participating in real science , we can all become observers of the intimately private process by which our brains make sense of the world . By becoming actively involved in the process of making sense , the children not only became the scientist -- and thus learned about science from within -- but the process fostered in each child a sense of choice , creativity and compassion . TED.com : Award-winning teenage science in action These latter motivations are , I 'd suggest , the true reasons for changing the way science is currently taught in our schools -- to "  See Myself See : " to become actively aware of how our environment , perception and imagination shape who we are as an individual and as a society . This arguably unique human capacity is the principal act of consciousness that has the power to transform our view of the world and of ourselves , since it creates the opportunity to find and create new relationships that will shape future behavior . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Beau Lotto .	Beau Lotto : Uncertainty is dangerous in a predatory world , but essential for innovation He says science gives people the means to be creative in devising theories , experiments Lotto recruited students to take part in a science project about the visual behavior of bumblebees Students crafted experiments and wrote their findings in a paper that was published
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced in his State of the Union speech on Tuesday night that some 34,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan will have returned home by this time next year . The move will reduce the number of U.S. forces in the country by more than half . There are now about 66,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan . A Washington Post poll on Tuesday showed that 80 % of registered voters support the president 's policy to end the war in Afghanistan . In January , Obama met with Afghan President Hamid Karzai in Washington , where they agreed to accelerate the military transition in Afghanistan . Afghan forces will take the lead in combat missions throughout the country starting in the spring , instead of mid-year , as was previously expected . 5 things we learned Afghan forces are ready Zahir Azimi , a spokesman for the Afghan Defense Ministry , said National Army forces are "  completely ready " to take over the country 's security responsibilities . "  We welcome the announcement of the withdrawal ... and we  will  always remember their efforts and sacrifice , " he said . "  We are very happy that these soldiers are returning home to their families . " The Taliban also welcomed the news , saying Western governments "  must salvage themselves from the protracted and pointless war in Afghanistan . " But as expected , the militants continued their call for a complete withdrawal of outside forces . "  The Afghans should be granted control , choice of government and sovereignty of their country , " the Taliban statement said . "  If not such then our sacred Jihad will intensify and forge ahead successfully even if one foreign soldier is present in our country ... " Some U.S. forces will remain The White House has been considering a range of troop levels -- from up to 15,000 to none -- to remain in Afghanistan once the combat mission officially ends at the end of 2014 . Those options were submitted by Gen. John Allen , who until recently was the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan . Allen 's final days in that job were marred by an investigation linked to the sex scandal that prompted the resignation of David Petraeus as CIA director . Allen was cleared of allegations that he wrote potentially inappropriate e-mails to a woman involved in the scandal . He is now the nominee to become the top NATO commander and was replaced in Afghanistan this week by Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford . More troop reductions ahead A senior administration official told CNN on Tuesday that in addition to withdrawing 34,000 U.S. troops by next February , more reductions will continue through the end of 2014 as Afghans take full responsibility for their security . The United States and its partners in the war in Afghanistan have "  struck devastating blows against al Qaeda , and Afghan forces continue to grow stronger with 352,000 now in training or on duty , " the official said . "  By the end of 2014 , we will responsibly bring our war in Afghanistan to a close , " the official said , adding that Obama made his decision "  based on the recommendations of the military and his national security team , " consultations with Karzai and "  international coalition partners . " A key factor for meeting Obama 's plan is the fighting season in Afghanistan , which runs from spring to fall , depending on weather conditions , officials said . "  Commanders will have discretion on pace of this drawdown which will allow them to maintain the force they need through the fighting season , " according to one of those officials . U.S. withdrawal is ` tough love ' for disbelieving Afghans Afghans in lead but U.S. still there Also on Tuesday , another U.S. official told CNN that the U.S. and NATO alliance will announce that by March , Afghan troops will lead all security in Afghanistan . That announcement was expected to be made this summer but will now be made within days , the source said . Afghan forces are leading nearly 90 % of operations across Afghanistan . With Afghan units in the lead , U.S. troops will still be directly involved in combat for months , the official said . American special forces also will remain in far flung outposts partnering with Afghan units . Opinion : Abandon Afghanistan ? A dumb idea A new general in charge Dunford will oversee the final two years of the war and the withdrawal of nearly all troops . At a change-of-command ceremony in Kabul on Sunday , Dunford remarked on the job ahead . "  Today is not about change , it 's about continuity , " he said , alongside Allen and other senior NATO and Afghan officials . "  I 'll endeavor to continue the momentum of the campaign and support the people of Afghanistan as they seize the opportunity for a brighter future . " Dunford has a reputation among Marines as a thoughtful , calm leader , with more than 22 months under his belt of commanding troops in Iraq . These changes come amid debate about impending budget cuts that some say would have grave consequences for the military unless Congress acts to avert them by the start of next month . Sequestration is a series of automatic , across-the-board cuts to government agencies , totaling $ 1.2 trillion over 10 years . The cuts would be split 50-50 between defense and domestic discretionary spending . More than $ 500 billion would be cut from the Defense Department and other national security agencies , with the rest coming from domestic programs , like national parks , federal courts , the FBI , food inspections and housing aid . Outgoing Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has been a harsh critic of the cuts . "  For those of you who have ever seen ` Blazing Saddles , ' " he said in a recent speech at Georgetown University , there "  is the scene of the sheriff putting the gun to his head in order to establish law and order . That is sequestration . " CNN 's Mike Mount , Emily Schultze and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : The Afghan military says it 's ready to defend the country Obama announces that by February 2014 , 34,000 U.S. forces will be home 80 % of registered voters support the president 's policy to end the Afghanistan war , poll shows The White House has been considering a range of troop levels to remain in Afghanistan
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Ten South African ministers and the deputy president have resigned as President Thabo Mbeki prepares to leave office . South African President Thabo Mbeki announced his resignation in a televised address Sunday . His replacement , African National Congress Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe , will be sworn in as South Africa 's president Thursday . Mbeki announced he was resigning on Sunday , prompting threats from several Cabinet members to follow suit -- but the outgoing president urged them to stay in office , government sources said . The resignations , which include Finance Minister Trevor Manuel and Defense Minister Mosiuoa Lekota , will take effect Thursday when Mbeki steps down , a government statement said . "  All the ministers have expressed their availability to assist the incoming administration in the hand-over process and any other assistance that might be sought from them , " the statement said . The finance minister 's assistant told CNN that Manuel is willing to serve in the new government , if needed . Three deputy ministers have also tendered their resignations , a government statement said . A spokesman for South Africa 's ruling party , the African National Congress , confirmed that it has named Motlanthe as its choice to succeed Mbeki . Motlanthe will stay in office until elections in the spring of next year , which ANC President Jacob Zuma is widely expected to win . Earlier this month , the ANC asked Mbeki to step down after a judge threw out the corruption , fraud and racketeering case against Zuma -- Mbeki 's political arch rival . The judge called the case invalid and accused Mbeki 's government of political interference . Mbeki -- who has been South Africa 's president for nearly 10 years -- spoke of some of his achievements when he formally announced his resignation on Sunday during a televised address . Watch the significance of Mbeki "  falling on the sword " " "  I depart this office knowing that many men and woman in South Africa have worked to achieve better lives for all , " Mbeki said . Under his leadership the country has had the longest period of sustained economic growth in the South Africa 's history and has reached out to indigent people in an unprecedented way , Mbeki said . Mbeki said the country still has economic , corruption and crime challenges to face in the future . And he gave his vote of confidence to the country 's next leader without naming who that leader would be . Gwede Mantashe , secretary-general of the African National Congress , announced Saturday that the party -- which Mbeki has been involved with since his teens -- had asked him to leave before his term was up . Mbeki agreed to do so , he said . Mantashe said the ANC made the decision "  for the citizens of South Africa , so there could be stability within the country " and so the ANC movement could remain "  stable and unified . " The case against Zuma -- who replaced Mbeki as ANC president last year -- was thrown out in September 2006 , but the National Prosecuting Authority recharged him . Judge Chris Nicholson made no ruling on Zuma 's guilt or innocence , and he could be recharged . Political observers doubted that would happen because of Zuma 's popularity , particularly with the Communist Party and trade unions . Zuma has denied the charges . He said the case was politically motivated , and harmed his chances to become the ANC 's presidential nominee . He could have faced at least 15 years in jail if convicted of accepting bribes from a company that got a contract in a multibillion-dollar arms deal . He also faced charges of having a corrupt relationship with his former financial adviser , Schabir Shaik , who is serving a 15-year sentence for soliciting bribes for Zuma and using Zuma 's political influence to benefit his businesses . Mbeki , 66 , succeeded Nelson Mandela as South Africa 's president in June 1999 . Critics alleged he pushed for the corruption charges against Zuma . Mbeki recently brokered a power-sharing deal between Zimbabwe 's political rivals , who signed the agreement on Monday in an effort to put aside the violent past and end the crisis that has paralyzed Zimbabwe since disputed national elections in March . Under it , longtime Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe remains president , while his perennial rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , has become prime minister and the coordinator of government affairs .	10 S. African ministers , deputy president resign with President Thabo Mbeki Replacement , ANC Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe , sworn in Thursday Mbeki quit after court case collapsed against longtime rival Jacob Zuma
CNN  -- Over the past decade , Luo Changping has built a reputation as one of China 's most respected journalists . The 33 year old has exposed alleged financial wrongdoing by more than 100 senior government officials during that time . "  We know the smog is terrible in Beijing now but worse than the real smog is the political smog , " he says . "  Chinese tax-payers have no idea where their money goes . " Luo 's most high-profile scoop came last December when , in a series of articles , he accused a powerful official at China 's top economic planning body of illegal financial dealings . The stories ultimately resulted in the official 's dismissal from office . Luo published the allegations on his own microblog , under his real name . It was a risky move in a country where both independent bloggers and state-run media are subject to intense censorship . Beijing 's corruption crackdown On Friday , he received international recognition for his work from anti-corruption watchdog Transparency International , which has honored Luo with an Integrity Award . "  Luo 's success was a rare victory in the struggle for transparency in China , " the organization said . "  His actions have demonstrated the important role for investigative journalism and social media in the fight against corruption . " Modest man A deputy managing editor for the financial magazine Caijing , Luo is modest and says he got lucky with his investigation of a key official in China 's top economic planning body . "  I would n't even be able to duplicate it again today , because there were so many coincidences , " he told CNN . He says he spent a year painstakingly collecting evidence . "  At the beginning it was very difficult , " Luo said . "  Not a lot of media wanted to touch the story . Also , a lot of officials have their own connections within the government , and they sometimes can be very powerful . " So Luo acted alone . He named the official accused of corruption as Liu Tienan , who was then a director of the National Energy Agency and deputy head of China 's National Development and Reform Commission , a body that sets China 's economic agenda . At first , he was n't afraid . "  Many  journalists in China  are worried about their safety , that 's understandable . But for me , I did n't think the danger was fatal . Reporters in China wo n't be killed , but they sometimes do suffer from bigger threats . " But Luo said he became worried when his reporting attracted the attention of the official Liu , who , Luo says , started a search into his family background . "  I 'm not afraid of myself being in danger , but I am concerned about my family . " Opinion : In China , ` everyone is guilty of corruption ' When Luo 's investigation became public , Liu denied the charges and threatened to sue for libel . The story spread across social media but there was no reaction from the government for months . However , in May , Liu was officially dismissed over what authorities said was his suspected involvement in "  serious disciplinary violations . " Liu was also expelled from the Communist Party . An investigation is still ongoing . CNN has been unable to reach Liu for comment . Luo had an early role model in his father , whose honest character was well-known in his local community and in local politics in the province of Hunan , Luo told Transparency International . "  Tell the truth , " his father instructed . "  Do n't do evil , " was his mother 's advice . He organized a school newspaper and was in charge of the school radio station . Corruption is still the main focus of Luo 's reporting , and he hopes others will be inspired to take up the cause . "  We are in shortage of people who are willing and passionate about investigative pieces . I hope we can have more people get into this field , " he said With reporting by CNN 's Beijing bureau	Chinese journalist Luo Changping exposed illegal financial dealings by top official A risky move in a country where state-run media is subject to intense censorship He has received international recognition for his work from Transparency International He says China needs more investigative journalists
Washington  CNN  -- On Friday , Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry said the Senate is prepared to vote on a nuclear arms treaty with Russia . "  We are certainly prepared to move for a vote , " he said on the Senate floor . "  I want to emphasize that there are no amendments from colleagues on the Democratic side . We are prepared to vote on this treaty ... We will take any amendment at any time . " Sen. Richard Lugar , the ranking Republican on the committee , added that the Senate needs to get some sort of an amendment or "  perhaps move to close off debate and have our last 30 hours . " Under Senate rules , 30 hours of debate are needed before taking up a vote . All it takes , though , is one senator to use the full 30 hours . The treaty would resume mutual inspections of U.S. and Russian nuclear arsenals while limiting both nations to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers each . Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , said he believes they will get the 67 votes needed to pass the treaty ratification . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid also weighed in , saying there is "  nothing more important than the START treaty . " He is confident the Senate will move quickly through debating the treaty , but it all depends on his colleagues across the aisle . Some Senate Republicans have opposed bringing the measure up with so little time left in the lame-duck session . Opening debate on the measure was stalled Thursday night when the chamber moved on to other issues . Senate Democrats were trying to make progress on considering the treaty despite a Republican threat to block any legislation brought up before the Senate acts on a measure authorizing continued government spending . On Wednesday , senators voted 66-32 to take up the treaty . The treaty cleared the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in September and has been endorsed by leading Republican figures , including former President George H.W. Bush and Lugar of Indiana . Republicans had pledged to block consideration of any other legislative items until passage of both the spending measure and a tax package negotiated by the White House and congressional Republicans . The current resolution authorizing government spending runs out Saturday , requiring congressional approval of a new one to cover the rest of the fiscal year . Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , told reporters Wednesday that a rushed schedule to debate the treaty would prevent Republican senators from being able to offer substantive amendments that require serious debate . He expressed "  great frustration and disappointment " with what he called the refusal of Reid and Senate Democrats to put off the debate until there is time to do it properly in the new Congress that convenes in early January . However , Senate Democrats said Kyl and Republicans have been given plenty of opportunities to discuss and influence the treaty , and now must show that they truly want it to go forward instead of continuing to delay it . Ratification requires support from two-thirds of the Senate , or 67 votes . Democrats currently control 58 seats and need nine Republicans for ratification . In the new congressional session , the Democrats will have only 53 seats and would need 14 Republican votes to ratify the treaty . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Ed Hornick , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry says they are prepared to vote He said there are no amendments being put forth and thus , it 's time to end debate The accord resumes inspections of nuclear arsenals and reduced the numbers of warheads
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo has started the new MotoGP season just as he did in 2012 -- with victory under lights in the Qatar Grand Prix . The world champion , who like last year started the race from pole position , headed off his returning Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi to take the checkered flag with 5.9 seconds ' advantage on Sunday . Seven-time world champion Rossi , who clashed with Lorenzo before leaving to join Ducati in 2011 , had to hold off rookie rider Marc Marquez before claiming his best result since last September 's San Marino GP -- also won by Lorenzo . Marquez , on his debut for Honda Repsol , delivered on the promise he showed in winning last year 's Moto2 title as he made up for a poor start that dropped him five places to eighth . The 20-year-old finished ahead of fellow Spaniard and teammate Dani Pedrosa , the championship runnerup last year , while Britain 's Cal Crutchlow was fifth . "  I was pretty nervous on the grid because it was my first MotoGP race , " Marquez said . "  I do n't think I 've ever been so nervous before . I found it hard to keep calm and I was n't as focused as in Moto2 . "  However , I regained my concentration at the last moment . The start was important and we knew that we were taking off from the dirty part of the track . I did n't get off well , but I was able to attack on the opening laps and overtake many riders -- I think that was the key . " He became the first rookie since Lorenzo five years ago , also at Doha 's Losail circuit , to stand on the podium after his debut in the elite level of motorcycling . "  When I rode behind Dani I learnt a lot , also later on with Valentino . Fighting against him is always nice to watch , but it 's always tough at the same time , " Marquez said . "  Valentino was a tough rival to overtake on the final laps . He beat us this time , but we hope to learn from him and from everyone who went faster than us . " The next race of the 18-round competition is at the Circuit of Americas in Austin , Texas in two weeks ' time .	Two-time world champion Jorge Lorenzo wins opening race of MotoGP season Spaniard finishes almost six seconds clear of Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi Seven-time world champion Rossi edges out Spanish rookie Marc Marquez
CNN  -- Every college applicant knows about the "  hardship essay , " which asks a teenager to write about overcoming an obstacle . Here 's a suggested approach : "  Being a high school senior unnerved by college applications was tough enough until I tried to fill out the Common Application and the site froze , then refused to accept my writing and rejected my teachers ' recommendations . " That 's right . College application season turned into a nightmare this month as the Common App site crashed just as hundreds of thousands of early applicants got to work . This debacle could have been avoided . More important , it underscores the problems of using a single site to apply to a dozen or more colleges . The Common App , which started in 1975 , has been a great tool for students who want to apply efficiently to several colleges . But like everything on the high end of college admissions , it 's gotten way out of hand . And now the Great Crash of ' 13 . Guidance counselors talked of students almost in tears . Tech-savvy parents said they jumped in to struggle with clickable images that could n't be clicked , uploads that would n't upload and paragraph breaks that were broken . The nonprofit Common Application organization , which serves more than 500 colleges , blames the problems on a software upgrade  maybe created by the same folks who gave us the software for America 's new health insurance ?  . This excuse , in a business that revolves around unforgiving deadlines , is akin to high school kids stating that the dog ate their homework . Surely the Common App executives tested this software ? Surely they knew they were dealing with stressed-out students who get nervous when the system simply slows down a bit ? The Common App gurus did n't do themselves any favors with their tweets in the past few days : -- "  Aware some users are experiencing problems with the PDF previews . "  Duh , as many students would say . -- "  We are aware of the login issues users are experiencing . Taking steps to address the problem as quickly as possible . "  Thanks for this October 14 message , but some campuses had October 15 deadlines for early apps . -- "  We 've implemented changes to clarify processes surrounding print preview ... "  Please use Google Translator to put this in English . As someone who taught high school English , then spent years coaching applicants , I ca n't believe that sentence comes from one of the most prominent organizations in higher ed . I drill my students to write clearly . Implemented changes to clarify processes ? I grade that "  F. " Georgia Tech , the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and several other colleges with October 15 deadlines gave students an extra week , and those with November 1 deadlines are talking about extending them , too . Others are trying an alternative , the Universal College Application . Applicants pass around tips : You can upload better from a Mac than a PC . You can insert paragraph breaks into an essay , but it takes several steps . While researching "  Acceptance , " a book about a wonderful guidance counselor named Gwyeth Smith Jr.  or Smitty  , I saw plenty of unnecessary angst in the college process . In too many communities , someone seems to have decided there are 40 or so acceptable campuses . Going anywhere else is seen as losing the education lottery . Smitty , who now works as an independent consultant for applicants , says last week he had a student who was determined to apply to 23 schools . Smitty told the student that was too many , but the parents overruled him . Besides ensuring this student will have to write more than 30 or 40 essays , that means nearly $ 2,000 in application fees . And for the past few weeks , even those students who did their work ahead of time have been encountering one problem after another . "  Kids are overwhelmingly stressed to begin with , and finding a Common App that wo n't accept their essays is devastating , " Smitty told me in between his appointments with frustrated high school seniors on Long Island , New York . He was surprised last month when he attended an admissions conference in Toronto and heard that the Common App folks conceded their program could n't count words in essays that were uploaded . "  An essay has to be a cut-and-paste to have a word count ? " Smitty said . "  I find that hard to believe in 2013 . " There might be an upside to this storm . It 's forcing parents and students to have a conversation about the pressure to get into the "  right " college , and even the more basic pressure to get into college . For several years , I 've given speeches at high schools , churches and synagogues .  Here 's a sign of the stress in the Northeast : I was even asked to speak at an elementary school . About college admissions . I urge 12th-graders to consider a gap year , combining working , going to community college and doing public service . Grow up , I say , and take a year to find your passions and to give back to the taxpayers who have done a lot for you . Parents in high-pressure communities usually dismiss that idea . I 'm secretly hoping for more delays with the Common App . If kids ca n't apply to college now , they ca n't go next year . And that means they 'll be forced to take a gap year , which likely will be the best preparation for college of which anyone can dream . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Marcus .	Dave Marcus : The Common App site crashed , leaving students and parents frantic He says the group , which serves about 500 colleges , blames a software upgrade He says application process is out of hand ; students too stressed about college Marcus : This is a good time for seniors to consider a "  gap year " before college
Singapore  CNN  -- In 2003 , the SARS virus epidemic was a wake-up call for Asia , forcing China to increase transparency , fostering closer regional cooperation and bringing human security issues to the fore . The disappearance of MH370 will have a similar transformative effect on regional security , but it will take a different form . In recent years , the focus -- driven by the need to protect the waters of approximately a third of the world 's trade , as well as access to energy and resources -- has been on sea lanes , concentrating on reducing piracy and enhancing naval cooperation . The United States , India , Japan and China have all ratcheted up their patrols , buttressed by the smaller naval operations of Singapore , Malaysia , Thailand and Indonesia . READ MORE : We owe it to the families to solve riddle , says Australian PM But at times the focus on maritime security in Asia has led to tensions . China has resented the encroachment of other powers into waters it views as its own , while spats have intensified between China and its regional neighbors , particularly over islands in the South China Sea . China 's increasingly assertive position has engendered a wariness among countries in the region that has been an undercurrent in the cooperation between neighbors during the current MH370 crisis . Sky security Post MH370 , attention will increasingly turn to the skies . The disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines jet has revealed shortcomings in monitoring air space . That no one even knew the plane had veered off course for seven hours raises serious questions -- even allowing for the fact the jetliner 's tracking mechanisms effectively turned off . The contradictions and slow trickle of information from the Malaysian authorities and regional neighbors has highlighted how disjointed , uneven and vulnerable the monitoring of airspace across borders is . Satellite intelligence has increased yet no coordination or mechanism for effective information sharing exists . Many nations are not willing to reveal the technology at their disposal , as seems evident in the delays in sharing data , while some -- particularly in Southeast Asia -- have to turn to others to access satellite technology . Despite the involvement of over 20 countries in the search , trust and capacity is seemingly lacking . The search for MH370 will lead to a rethink of the existing regional architecture , with the need for stronger multilateral ties to secure safer air travel . One option on the table needs to be a credible investigative body to manage air security across the region . Another important step clearly has to involve improved measures to secure transponders for communication . READ MORE : What is a transponder ? MH370 has also brought the issue of good governance to center stage . Malaysia 's response has raised serious concerns about accountability , transparency and competence . From the get go , the Malaysian authorities were on the back foot , given that more than half of the country 's population voted against the current government in a 2013 election marred by allegations of fraud . The government 's alleged persecution of political opponents has fostered deep alienation . Hours before he was due to contest in a by-election , a Malaysian court overturned opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim 's acquittal of the charge that he sodomized a former political aide . The de facto leader of the People 's Justice Party has repeatedly said he is innocent , calling the case against him an attempt by the government to end his political career -- an assertion it has consistently denied . Days after the plane 's disappearance , Anwar 's lawyer , Karpal Singh , was charged with sedition in another case viewed by some as politically motivated . Even against this backdrop , many were willing to give the government a chance . But it fell short by failing to learn lessons from the SARS virus : countries need to share information in a timely manner and earn credibility , rather than expect it . Sadly , the international media effectively set the tone for the search for the plane , not the Malaysians . The mystery of what happened to MH370 shows that without the basic practices of good governance , lives can be lost and security put in jeopardy . The MH370 crisis has also revealed that in spite of the rise of China , the U.S. and its allies still have an important security role to play in Asia . When push came to shove , Malaysia 's Najib government turned to its Western partners for their investigative skills and search and rescue guidance . China-U.S. tensions Yet Beijing was been increasingly irked by the rate of progress . With more than 150 of its own citizens on board the Boeing 777-200 , China has been frustrated by the delays in information and its inability to effectively protect its own nationals . This frustration recently boiled over into criticism of Malaysia 's handling of the investigation . Whatever the outcome the MH370 mystery , China will take steps to enhance efforts to monitor and secure airspace in the region . This in turn will generate greater wariness among its neighbors and possibly bring it into more frequent contact with Western powers -- especially the United States . Unless checked , China-U.S. competition in Asia will deepen with pressure on both to increase their involvement in security in Asia . An important constraint on this great power struggle will be a strong multilateral Asia-led initiative to enhance aviation security -- one that includes the United States but brings in all the key Asian stakeholders . We do not yet know what happened . We may never know . We do know however that security in Asia will never be the same . Now more than ever the burden is on Asia as a whole to better take care of itself , to come together to assure that its citizens and visitors get the protection and security they need . From stronger multilateral ties to good governance , the case of MH370 can bring about the opportunity for a safer region . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bridget Welsh .	Post MH370 , attention will increasingly turn to the skies in terms of security , says Welsh Current focus on maritime security in Asia has led to tensions , especially with China "  No coordination or mechanism for effective information sharing " in the region Welsh : Asia needs better governance , stronger multilateral ties
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor is being treated in a Los Angeles hospital for "  symptoms caused by congestive heart failure , " her representative said Friday . Taylor , 78 , checked into Cedars-Sinai Medical Center this week for the "  ongoing condition , " Taylor representative Jamie Cadwell said . "  This issue is being addressed , " Cadwell said . "  She is currently being kept in the hospital for monitoring . " Her publicist gave CNN more detail in a statement later Friday evening . "  I can assure you she is fine and even better , comfortable , " Sally Morrison said . When doctors repaired a leaky heart valve in October 2009 , Taylor posted a Twitter message saying it "  was like having a brand new ticker . " The Oscar-winning actress has used Twitter over the past two years to communicate with fans and dispel the occasional rumor reported on celebrity gossip websites . However , a message she tweeted Wednesday was her first in nearly six months . The tweet pointed fans to an interview she gave to Kim Kardashian in Harper 's Bazaar magazine . "  I like the connection with fans and people who have been supportive of me . " Taylor told Kardashian when asked about Twitter . "  And I love the idea of real feedback and a two-way street , which is very , very modern . But sometimes I think we know too much about our idols and that spoils the dream . So , like all things , it is to be used with care ! Yes , of course I 'll follow you , love . " Taylor 's representative , in Friday 's statement , asked that "  people respect her privacy and allow her medical team the time and space to focus on restoring her back to health . " The London-born movie star has won two Academy Awards for best actress for "  Butterfield 8 " in 1961 and "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf " in 1967 . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Taylor is "  fine and even better , comfortable , " her publicist says The actress checked into Cedars-Sinai this week Doctors are monitoring an "  ongoing condition , " her rep says Her leaky heart valve was fixed in October 2009
CNN  -- There 's no disputing Tracy Morgan 's comedic voice is one of a kind . Whether playing animal enthusiast Brian Fellow or imitating Star Jones of "  The View " on "  Saturday Night Live , " or just an exaggerated version of himself as Tracy Jordan on "  30 Rock , " Morgan has commanded the stage and small screen . He was a series regular on "  SNL " for seven years and earned an Emmy nomination for best supporting actor in a comedy for his "  30 Rock " role . Known for over-the-top characters  Astronaut Jones , Dominican Lou  and outrageous celebrity impressions  Mike Tyson , Oprah Winfrey and Marion "  Suge " Knight  , Morgan performs his standup routines with the same characteristic ` no holds barred ' attitude . The actor also starred in "  The Tracy Morgan Show " from 2003-2004 and has hosted and executive produced the hidden camera show "  Scare Tactics " on SyFy . A multivehicle accident on the New Jersey Turnpike left Tracy Morgan , 45 , in critical condition on Saturday , authorities said . One person was killed . Morgan and two other passengers in a limo bus remained hospitalized late Saturday . Morgan performed a comedy act Friday night at the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino in Delaware , according to the venue . The actor-comedian-producer grew up in New York City -- raised by a single mom , along with his four siblings . In 2009 , he published an autobiography titled "  I Am the New Black " chronicling his rise from a Brooklyn housing project to starring on the "  SNL " stage from 1996 to 2003 . His father died of AIDS when Morgan was 17 . In an interview , Morgan said his father taught him the key to survival was to learn from your mistakes . The comedian is no stranger to controversy . After being arrested twice for drunk driving and ordered to wear an ankle monitoring device , Morgan said it took tough talk from his then-teenage son to sober him up . The comedian credits his son for confronting him about his drinking and saving his life . In a 2010 PBS interview , Morgan referred to fame as the "  worst drug known to mankind , " saying it led down the path of "  partying and hanging out " and the end of his first marriage . He was previously married for 21 years to his high school sweetheart , Sabina Morgan , mother of his three sons -- Gitrid , Malcolm and Tracy Jr. . "  I started to hurt even people that I love . I was changing and I 'm glad that I caught it in time , " Morgan said . In 2011 , Morgan received backlash from a standup routine he performed in Nashville . An audience member recorded Morgan 's show in which he went on a homophobic rant which included a comment that he 'd "  stab his son to death if he said he was gay . " The audio of Morgan 's routine was later picked up by several websites . A few weeks later , Morgan returned to Nashville to meet with members of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  and deliver a face-to-face apology to people who were in the audience the night of his performance . "  I do n't have a hateful bone in my body , " Morgan said . "  I do n't believe anyone should be bullied or made to feel bad about who they are . " After that meeting , Morgan vowed to change his comedy routine , saying the controversy , gave him the "  opportunity to change my message onstage . " "  In my heart , I really do n't care who you love , same sex or not , as long as you have the ability to love , that 's the important thing here , " he said . Over the years , Morgan has had his share of health challenges , battling diabetes and surviving a kidney transplant in 2010 . In 2012 , the actor was rushed to the hospital at the Sundance Film Festival after collapsing after giving an awards acceptance speech , according to industry trade publication Variety . Morgan 's representative told CNN that the actor sought medical attention for "  a combination of exhaustion and altitude . " The father of four is engaged to model Megan Wollover and the two have an 11-month-old daughter , Maven . According to a statement by his publicist , Morgan 's "  family is with him and he is receiving excellent care . " Actor Tracy Morgan in critical condition after wreck in New Jersey CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Emmy-nominated comedian is in critical condition following a multivehicle accident Actor is best known for starring on ` SNL ' and '30 Rock ' Entertainer has weathered controversy over the years Tracy Morgan is a father of four
CNN  -- The upcoming World Cup and Olympics guarantee that Brazil 's international visibility will continue its rapid ascent . The country just has to ensure there are seats for all of the guests . Brazil may be emerging from its reputation as the permanent "  land of tomorrow , " but Parag Khanna suspects it will likely get there only at the last minute . As Brazil 's annual Carnival hangover fades , a more serious road lies ahead . It 's crunch time for the South American giant as it prepares to host next year 's football World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics . The country definitely needs an economic boost given the recent downgraded forecast of barely over 1 % growth for 2013 . Hosting these mega-events was seen as an essential spark to get Brazil to overhaul its dilapidated infrastructure , but despite the advance notice , politicians are n't yet living up to their continental scale ambitions . Brazilians excel at throwing massive parties , but so much is at stake beyond the Games . Can Brazil really become the "  America of South America , " unchallenged and indispensable to all its neighbors ? Brazil wants to be the first superpower from the global south , yet with the equator just crossing a sliver of the country 's north , it has quite a long climb still to join the league of the wealthy , not just the large . Brasilia 's technocrats have been aggressive , even creative , in recent years , using pro-poor policies and monetary intervention to deliver growth and stability . Yet lower interest rate policy has failed to drive stronger investment , and business confidence is down due to government intrusions large and small in banks , car companies , and other sectors . Even the major offshore oil discoveries have n't yet borne fruit for energy major Petrobras due to local content requirements that favor less sophisticated domestic suppliers . While its currency control policy has effectively been blessed by the IMF , the still massively overvalued Real currency has undercut exports in what has been an increasingly diversified economy . Latin America in general , and Brazil in particular , has been the most urbanized region long before cities became the dominant meme of global socio-economic studies . Sao Paulo very much feels like the second-largest city in the world , but unlike even larger Tokyo , its airport feels third world and public transportation can scarcely cope with demand . It ranks alongside New Delhi , Moscow , Beijing and Mexico City in IBM 's aptly named Commuter Pain Index . And with close to 1,000 new cars joining the traffic jams each day , it 's no surprise that the rich take to the air : Paulistas have the highest rate of private helicopter usage in the world . Overall , the World Economic Forum 's most recent Global Competitiveness Report ranks Brazil a measly 107  out of 144  for quality of infrastructure . Since taking office just over two years ago , President Dilma Rousseff has regularly announced massive infrastructure investment schemes . Airports , roads and railways have been slated for privatization , hundreds of new airports are planned to link the vast interior , the country 's development bank has pledged an immediate $ 10 billion in related spending , private banks are planning greater lending in the infrastructure space , a Sao Paulo to Rio bullet train has been announced for completion by 2020 , and $ 26 billion has been allocated to modernize the country 's 34 ports which are responsible for more than 90 % of the country 's annual $ 482 billion in trade . Taken together , the government promises $ 100 billion in infrastructure spending over the next decade , while raising $ 65 billion in privatization and auctions . Discuss these numbers with any Brazilian , however , and they are apt to stare blankly and demand , "  But where is all the money going ? " As popular a figure as former president Lula was -- and deservedly so for his innovative and transformative policies such as the targeted cash transfer program "  Bolsa Familia " -- corruption allegations still dog his still-dominant Workers Party  PT  . O Estado de Sao Paulo , the leading daily newspaper , recently added a "  corruption library " to its website to track the steady tide of suspicious contracts and spending . With the opposition parties fragmented and scattered , however , the PT may well be in power long enough to be held accountable to its plans . As Brazil focuses on its overhauling its cities , it must remember that urbanization itself wo n't drive meaningful growth , but rather empowering the tens of millions in the urban underclass . Cities like Sao Paulo are designed for an industrial age while the urban economy has become 85 % related to services . The key question then is how to humanize such mega-cities , the theme of the upcoming New Cities Foundation summit that Sao Paulo is hosting in June .  Full disclosure : I serve on the NCF board of trustees .  The reinvention of Sao Paulo will begin right at its center with projects such as the URBEM Foundation 's Casa Paulista . Multiple mixed used social and commercial developments designed to be affordable and professional could help to reintegrate a population that has grown accustomed to gated communities . In such neighborhoods , Brazilians should find apprenticeships , vocational training , and more public libraries that promote literacy , social inclusion , and citizenship , all topics debated by world-famous architects and experts and locals together in a new series called Arq.Futuro being held around the country . There is an opportunity to conduct this urban regeneration in a way that embodies Brazil 's amazing cultural depth . Like China , the more modern it gets , the more Brazilian it gets ; its identity is enhanced rather than diluted . There is no higher symbol of this than fabled architect Oscar Niemeyer 's buildings , which manage to be both angular yet still in harmony with nature . But there are also efforts to restore the lifestyle of Carnival in Rio , a tradition of street culture and music , rather than just an annual bonanza , and connecting Rio 's favelas closer to its beaches through cable cars . In Sao Paulo , soccer pitches are being hastily laid in the outskirts to remind the nation that its best players have come from conditions of socio-economic adversity . The message is clear : Brazilians should resist overly consumerist temptations ; when they become too showy , they  especially their soccer stars  get distracted and under-perform . In the coming years , Brazil 's image will also be shaped by a new set of stars and issues . Banks like Itau Unibanco have a healthy balance sheet and appetite to expand across Latin America and beyond . Secondary regions like Bahia are now rivaling Rio for visitors reveling in Carnival culture , while Pernambuco 's capital Recife is attracting innovative industries to relocate . Given that Brazil holds approximately one-third of the world 's biodiversity and 20 % of its fresh water in the Amazon rainforest , it is also becoming a leader in fields ranging from combating deforestation  which has dropped by 80 % since 2004  to plant genetics . And Brazil has become a leading and positive investor in Africa , as the country 's eloquent foreign minister Antonio Patriota reminded participants at the recent Munich Security Conference . The upcoming World Cup and Olympics guarantee that Brazil 's international visibility will continue its rapid ascent . The country just has to ensure there are enough seats for all of the guests . Brazil may finally be emerging from its reputation as the permanent "  land of tomorrow , " but it will likely get there at the last minute . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Parag Khanna .	Brazil continues preparations to host next year 's World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics It 's crunch time for the South American giant , says Parag Khanna An economic boost is essential , says Khanna Politicians are yet to live up to their continental scale ambitions , he says
A girl who overheard part of an incident involving Florida teenager Trayvon Martin can help prove he was killed "  in cold blood " by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , an attorney for Martin 's family said Tuesday . The girl , who was dating the 17-year-old , "  completely blows Zimmerman 's absurd self-defense claim out of the water , " lawyer Benjamin Crump told reporters . The girl -- who he said does not wish to be identified -- "  connects the dots " about what happened that day when she lays out what she overheard while on the phone with him , he said . 911 calls paint picture of chaos Martin was fatally shot on February 26 while walking to the house of his father 's fiancee in Sanford after a trip to a nearby convenience store . Zimmerman has acknowledged shooting Martin . Speaking on the phone shortly before he was shot , Martin told the girl that someone was following him and that he was trying to get away , Crump said . The girl said that , during the phone call , she heard someone ask Martin what he was doing and heard Martin ask why the person was following him , Crump said . The girl then got the impression that there was an altercation in which the earpiece fell out of Martin 's ear and the connection went dead , Crump said . Based on what she heard , the girl believes that Martin was pushed , said Crump , who added that the girl did not hear any gunfire . Phone records show Martin was on the phone with her much of the day , including around the time of the killing , Crump said . He argued that if Martin were really "  up to no good , " he would n't have been chatting with his friend on the phone . The girl said Martin was "  his regular self , " Crump said , arguing that any suggestions that the boy was "  high " are "  preposterous . " "  It 's what Zimmerman wants you to believe so he can justify killing this kid in cold blood , " Crump said . Natalie Jackson , another attorney for the Martin family , said police had not interviewed the girl . Sanford Police Sgt. David Morgenstern said "  at the onset , we asked any and all witnesses with information to come forward . " He would not say say whether the department has contacted the girl . Morgenstern said Martin 's cell phone was collected from the crime scene and investigators were working to acquire records associated with the phone 's use . The girl provided her account to Crump in a recording , which he said he will share with the Department of Justice , which is investigating . Justice Department , FBI to investigate Florida teen 's death Crump said the Martin family does not trust Sanford police to investigate . Federal prosecutors and the FBI will investigate the incident , which has sparked claims of racial profiling and widespread calls for charges to be filed against Zimmerman . Rep. Corrine Brown , D-Florida , Sanford Mayor Jeff Triplett and Sanford City Manager Norton Bonaparte met Tuesday with Justice Department officials : Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division Thomas E. Perez and Deputy Assistant Attorney General Roy L. Austin Jr. . "  The gentlemen we spoke with -- they said they will not only look at what we 've done , but they will also ... I think his exact comment was there will be no stone that wo n't be overturned , " Triplett said . A grand jury will also help investigate the death of the unarmed African-American teenager . A police report describes Zimmerman as a white male ; his family said he 's a Spanish-speaking minority . The Seminole County Grand Jury will convene April 10 , State Attorney Norm Wolfinger said in a statement . Gov. Rick Scott , who is asking the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to provide "  any assistance necessary " to local investigators , insisted Tuesday he would work to ensure "  justice prevails . " The governor met Tuesday in Tallahassee with criminal defense lawyers and protesters who said his office should be more involved and form a task force on racial profiling . But Scott said any such task force should n't be formed until after a formal investigation . "  There should not be racial profiling anywhere , " he told the group . Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said she was "  devastated and deeply troubled " over the killing . "  When someone loses his life at the hands of another , there can not be any questions surrounding the circumstances of the death , " she said in a statement . She said she had spoken with FDLE Commissioner Gerald M. Bailey , "  and I know that a complete and thorough review of the facts will be conducted . " She added that while it is up to the Seminole County State Attorney 's Office to decide whether to file charges , "  I will remain vigilant in ensuring that questions are answered . " Police say they have not charged Zimmerman , 28 , because they have no evidence to contradict his story that he shot in self-defense . In a police report , Officer Timothy Smith says that , when he arrived at the scene of the shooting , a black male was laying face down on the ground , his hands underneath his body . "  I attempted to get a response from the black male , but was met with negative results , " the report says . After speaking with Zimmerman , who had called 911 , Smith observed that Zimmerman 's "  back appeared to be wet and was covered in grass , as if he had been laying on his back on the ground . Zimmerman was also bleeding from the nose and back of his head . " Smith wrote that Zimmerman stated , "  I was yelling for someone to help me , but no one would help me . " Martin 's family insists it was Trayvon Martin who was heard yelling for help . Three witnesses who were nearby have said it was Martin who was heard screaming for help in the 911 call placed by Zimmerman , Crump said . Martin 's father said the family believes race was a factor in their son 's death , fueling public outcry over the incident in the racially mixed community 16 miles northeast of Orlando . "  I think that 's an issue that Mr. Zimmerman himself considers -- as someone suspicious -- a black kid with a hoodie on , jeans , tennis shoes , " Tracy Martin , the teenager 's father , told CNN . "  Thousands of people wear that outfit every day , so what was so suspicious about Trayvon that Zimmerman felt as though he had to confront him ? " Zimmerman 's family has denied race played any role . Zimmerman has "  many black family members and friends . He would be the last to discriminate for any reason whatsoever , " his father , Robert Zimmerman , said in a statement to the Orlando Sentinel . The case was one of the most-discussed topics Tuesday morning on Twitter , much of it dedicated to an online petition posted by Trayvon 's parents calling on Florida authorities to charge Zimmerman . As of Tuesday evening , more than 638,000 people had signed the petition at Change.org , making it one of the site 's largest petition campaigns ever , spokeswoman Megan Lubin said . More than 10,000 people an hour were signing the petition early Tuesday . Demonstrators who have turned out in recent days to protest police handling of the case have mocked Zimmerman 's claim , carrying bags of Skittles like the one Trayvon had bought shortly before his death . CNN has made numerous attempts to contact Zimmerman but has been unsuccessful . Zimmerman has moved out of his home after receiving death threats , his father said . Shooting renews debate over ` stand your ground ' laws Florida 's deadly force law , also called "  stand your ground , " allows people to meet "  force with force " if they believe they or someone else is in danger of being seriously harmed by an assailant , but exactly what happened in the moments leading up to Trayvon 's death remains unclear . In his statement last week , Zimmerman 's father said his son never followed or confronted Trayvon . But on Monday , police released 911 recordings in which Zimmerman says he is , in fact , following the boy . "  Something 's wrong with him . Yep . He 's coming to check me out , " Zimmerman tells a police dispatcher . "  He 's got something in his hands . I do n't know what his deal is . Send officers over here . " The teen started to run , Zimmerman reported . When he said he was following , the dispatcher told him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Minutes later , someone who lives near the scene of the shooting called 911 to report an altercation . In the background , someone can be heard screaming for help , but the caller said she was too afraid to go outside and see what was going on . "  It 's heart-wrenching , because those actually were my son 's last words , " said Trayvon 's father . "  And to hear his last words being cries of help , is devastating . It tears me apart as a father . " The state attorney 's office also said a voice analysis would be conducted on 911 calls from the night of the shooting to determine who was yelling for help . Opinion : My son could be Trayvon Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley , who was the prime House sponsor of the deadly force legislation , told CNN Tuesday that "  nothing in ` stand your ground ' authorizes  you  to pursue and confront . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday that the FBI was monitoring the case but that the White House was not going to "  wade into a local law enforcement matter . " The Congressional Black Caucus , the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus and the Congressional Progressive Caucus have also called for a federal investigation , with the Black Caucus saying Sanford police showed "  blatant disregard for justice . "	Sanford police say they asked all witnesses to come forward Governor says he will work to see "  justice prevails " George Zimmerman was bleeding from the nose and back of his head , a police report says The 17-year-old was not armed when he was killed last month in Florida
CNN  -- Manchester United have netted a sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon Corporation that will reportedly earn the Premier League champions a staggering $ 131 million over four years . United 's worldwide appeal has brought them a reported record $ 131m sponsorship with a U.S. insurance giant . That would send United to the top of football 's sponsorship income league ahead of the likes of Bayern Munich , Real Madrid and Chelsea . United chief executive David Gill did not reveal the figures involved but confirmed that the Chicago-based Aon brand will take over from another another U.S. company AIG on the club shirts from the start of the 2010/11 season . "  Today 's announcement clearly strengthens our position as one of the biggest clubs in world football , " Gill told the United Web site after unveiling the global partnership and principal sponsorship agreement . Gill confirmed : "  We are delighted to be entering such an important relationship with a company of the stature of Aon and to have its logo adorn our shirts from the start of the 2010/11 season . "  We look forward to being closely aligned with the world leader in risk management , a firm which shares our values and is an exciting partner for Manchester United . " President and chief executive officer of Aon , Greg Case , added : "  It is a unique opportunity when two leaders in their respective fields can come together in a partnership such as the one we are announcing today . "  Manchester United has one of the most recognised sports brands in the world . David  Gill  and his team are all about winning and about excellence ; the same holds true for the Aon team . We play to win in our business , and that is why we believe this partnership will create tremendous benefits for both organisations worldwide . "  While we are delighted that our brand will be showcased to over 330 million fans of Manchester United as well as the countless followers of football worldwide , we also are extremely excited about the opportunity to maximise the value of this partnership globally . "	Manchester United sign sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon Reports say it will earn Premier League champions $ 131million over four years That would send United to the top of football 's sponsorship income league
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Vote-counting in Zimbabwe 's hotly contested election began late Wednesday with President Robert Mugabe and main challenger Morgan Tsvangirai confident of victory . Partial results were expected to come out early Thursday , said Rita Makarau , chairwoman of the Zimbabwe Election Commission , which has until Monday to release full results . Five presidential candidates are in the race including Mugabe and Tsvangirai , the current prime minister . Makarau dismissed allegations from Tsvangirai 's party that the election commission rigged the polls for Mugabe . "  I believe that the election is free and fair , " she told journalists . "  Maybe the reports that will come out will vindicate my view of the election as free and fair . " Opinion : Is Zimbabwe ready for elections ? Mugabe , 89 , has been at the helm since 1980 , the only president the nation has known since it gained independence from Britain . A win would extend his time in office to a potential 38 years . ` Evidence of manipulation ' The vote will end an uneasy coalition government formed after violence broke out when Mugabe claimed victory over Tsvangirai in the last election five years ago . The post-election violence left 200 people dead and thousands more injured , rights groups said . Regional leaders dismissed that election as a sham and pressured Mugabe to form a power-sharing agreement with Tsvangirai and his opposition Movement for Democratic Change . As a result , the two bitter rivals entered into a tense coalition in 2009 . Opposition candidates say they have no confidence in this election , either . Referring to alleged voting manipulation by Mugabe supporters , Tsvangirai 's party , the Movement for Democratic Change , said it was encouraged by a large turnout . "  Zimbabweans , we remain hopeful that the shenanigans were rendered useless by your massive support , " the party said on its Facebook page . Days before the election , Tsvangirai , 61 , said "  there is clear evidence of manipulation " in poll preparations . He said ballot papers cast in his favor during early voting were discovered tossed in a bin . Rights groups accuse the government of intimidating and beating up opposition supporters and interfering with the polls . Mugabe 's party denies the accusations . Mugabe to West : Back off The elections were held under a new constitution endorsed in a March referendum that limits the president to two five-year terms . Mugabe is allowed to seek another term because the rule does not apply retroactively . Last week , he had a few words for critics of the upcoming election , especially the West . "  Keep your pink nose out of our affairs , please , " he said in response to criticisms from the United States on his push for elections without key reforms . About 6.4 million voters in Zimbabwe -- half of the country 's population -- were eligible to cast their ballots , according to the electoral commission . The electoral commission has five days from the close of polling to release results . Mugabe has vowed to step down if he loses . Zimbabwe , seeking election funding , turns to neighboring countries "  You either win or lose , " he said . "  If you lose , then you must surrender to those who have won . If you win , those who have lost then must surrender to those who have won . This is it . We will do so . Yes . Comply with the rules . " And he had a conciliatory message for Tsvangirai . "  I 've got my fair share of criticisms and also dealt back rights and lefts and uppercuts . But that 's the game . Although we boxed each other , with Tsvangirai , it 's not as hostile as before . It 's all over now . We can now shake hands , " he said . ' A historic day for all ' Mugabe and his main opponent voted at different polling stations in Harare . "  Today is a historic day for all to complete the delayed runoff of 2008 , " Tsvangirai said . "  It 's an emotional moment when you see all these people coming to vote . " The prime minister has always maintained the 2008 election was rigged . At the time , the electoral commission said Tsvangirai and party had won , but not by enough to avoid a runoff . He later withdrew from the runoff , saying government loyalists had killed hundreds of his supporters . Citizens say this year 's election is crucial in more ways than one . Despite the setbacks , it provides another shot at democracy . "  We are still a young country ... our democracy is still young , " said Nigel Mugamu , who lives in the Zimbabwean capital of Harare . "  A lot of African countries have changed leadership at least once or twice . We have n't seen a new face . From that perspective , it 's an exciting time . Will this be the moment it will happen ? " Hope after hyperinflation Mugamu said a peaceful election will help boost investment . This is the first poll since Zimbabwe battled hyperinflation that left investors jittery and led many to abandon the country 's currency . In 2009 , the nation introduced a 100 trillion-dollar bill that was worth about $ 300 in U.S. currency . At the time , a loaf of bread cost about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars . The hyperinflation forced traders to insist on international currency to hedge against losses . They preferred the U.S. dollar or South African rand , and most workers demanded their salaries in foreign currency . Despite widespread poverty , the nation has made major strides since then , experts say . "  Zimbabwe has made considerable progress in stabilizing the economy since the end of hyperinflation in 2009 , " the International Monetary Fund said last month . Since then , the nation 's gross domestic product "  has grown by an average of over 7 % and inflation has remained in the low single digits . Government revenues have more than doubled from 16 % of GDP in 2009 to an estimated 36 % of GDP in 2012 , allowing the restoration of basic public services . " And as the nation returns from the brink of a crippled economy , Zimbabweans are hopeful . Linda Mukusha braved long lines and chilly morning weather to cast her vote in Harare . "  I hope Zimbabweans turn out to vote in huge numbers , " she said . "  Whoever wins , the country needs to move forward . " She proudly displayed her inked finger to show she had cast her ballot Journalist Columbus Mavhunga contributed to this report from Harare , and CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Sarah Brown and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Vote-counting begins late Wednesday NEW : Partial results are due early Thursday with full results due by Monday NEW : The head of the election commission says the vote was "  free and fair " President Robert Mugabe 's main challenger is PM Morgan Tsvangirai
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- The Hizbul Mujahedeen militant group has claimed responsibility for the Wednesday morning attack on an Indian paramilitary camp in Srinagar in Kashmir province . Five Indian officers died at the police training camp , authorities said . It was the first attack in the city of Srinagar in at least three years , CNN 's sister network IBN reported . A Hizbul Mujahedeen spokesman told a local news agency that two militants carried out "  the guerrilla attack " and warned that "  the outfit will carry on such attacks in  the  future also . " The attack comes a month after the execution in India of a Kashmir militant who led an attack on the nation 's parliament in 2001 . Nine people were killed in that incident . Since Mohammed Afzal Guru 's execution , his supporters in Srinagar have demanded through protest that his body be returned . Authorities in India have accused Pakistan of backing Guru 's attack , which led to a massive mobilization of troops by the two nuclear neighbors along their tense borders . Pakistan denied involvement . Indian Home Secretary R.K. Singh -- who said three civilians and five police officers also were injured in the Srinagar attack -- said Wednesday he believes the attackers came from Pakistan . They "  appeared ... to be not local , but from across the border , " he said in New Delhi . But Pakistan 's Foreign Office dismissed India 's charge . "  Pakistan strongly rejects any allegations made about its involvement in the incident in Kashmir on Wednesday , " spokesman Moazzam Ahmed Khan said . That stance was repeated in a Pakistani government press release , which added , "  We feel that this trend of making irresponsible statements and knee-jerk reactions by senior Indian government functionaries have the potential of undermining the efforts made by both sides to normalize relation between the two countries . " Kashmir has been disputed territory between India and Pakistan since the two countries separated in 1947 after a costly war . Militants supporting Pakistan have been fighting for more than 20 years against Indian rule in the parts controlled by that country , which has a mostly Muslim population . The insurgency has killed more than 43,000 people , but some human rights groups and nongovernmental organizations put the death toll at twice that . The two attackers in the Wednesday incident were killed , said Omar Abdullah , the chief minister of the Indian-administered Kashmir . Journalist Mukhtar Ahmad reported from Srinagar and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	The Hizbul Mujahedeen militant group claims responsibility and warns of further attacks It is the first attack in Srinagar in a few years , a CNN sister network reports Tensions have grown in Kashmir since the execution in India of a militant from the province Kashmir has been the scene of separatist violence for years
Roger Federer has called on tennis to redouble its efforts in the fight against doping , saying it would be "  naive " to think the sport is clear of drugs cheats . "  Naivety says that tennis is clean , the way it 's been all the way through , " the 17-time grand slam champion 31-year-old told CNN . "  It 's pretty good , of course every sport always has some cases . But I think our sport needs to do the upmost to try to make sure the integrity stays and that the fans do n't tune into different sports just because they do n't trust the players anymore . "  I 've always been fighting to make sure we have enough testing . " Several high-profile doping scandals have rocked sport in recent months . Lance Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles before Australian sport was rocked by a government report which alleged many athletes were using illegal substances supplied by organized criminal groups . Football 's global governing body FIFA intends to introduce biological passports to detect drugs cheat , while in Spain the Operation Puerta trial into the doping network of Dr. Eufemiano Fuentes continues . Federer suggested introducing a system similar to the one used in cycling , where an athletes drug test results are kept over a period of time so that the use of a banned substance is more easily detected . Novak Djokovic , currently the world 's top-ranked male tennis player , told reporters at January 's Australian Open that he had not been tested in the previous six months . Federer called for increased funding and testing to ensure transparency . "  More funding , more blood , more urine , you name it -- more funding all across the board , " the world No. 2 said . "  Maybe keep samples as well for a long period of time so you can go back and punish those players . The people , or the players , need to be scared if they cheat . "  Of course some players do it by mistake , but unfortunately it falls into the same situation and you have to pay the price for it . " The 31-year-old now finds himself as the elder statesman of the men 's game , with his two nearest rivals -- Djokovic and world No. 3 Andy Murray -- both six years his junior . Despite a legion of younger stars launching an assault on the top of the sport , including the returning Rafael Nadal , Federer is comforted to see his fellow 30-something David Ferrer alongside him in the top five . "  It 's nice to see that even though the game has become so physical that the older guys are hanging in there , " Federer said . "  I do n't know why that is , but I guess my generation of players is really strong . I think at one point at the French Open we had 30-plus players over 30 years in the main draw , which is pretty incredible . "  And it 's nice to see that players are n't being pushed out at 27 or 29 because of the physicality in tennis right now . " Federer has also adapted to life as a father , after his wife Mirka gave birth to twin girls in 2009 , although his daughters are still too young to fully appreciate who their father is . "  They actually now know winning and losing a little bit , " said Federer . "  They also understand the practice and the matches now . "  I 'm happy I 've been able to stay successful ever since I 've had the kids , because a lot of the press felt that things were n't going to happen for me after that . " Despite them being just three years old , Federer admitted he has already tried to get his children playing tennis . "  We 've tried to put them into lessons , just for their hand-eye coordination and all of that . I think it 's important for kids to do all sports if they have an opportunity. , " he said . "  I 'm a big believer that it 's a great lesson in life , so we try to give them opportunities because we can and I think tennis is a great thing , so we 'll see if they pick it up . " Meanwhile , Federer 's defense of the Dubai Open title ended in semifinal defeat Friday to Czech Tomas Berdych , the man who also upset him at last year 's U.S. Open . Federer held two match points in the second set tiebreak but they both went begging as Berdych won a thrilling match 3-6 7-6 6-4 against the five-time champion . It set up a final with Serbian No. 1 Novak Djokovic , who beat Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina , 6-3 7-6 in the earlier last four clash . It stretched Australian Open champion Djokovic 's unbeaten run to 17 games and he will start warm favorite for Saturday 's final , particularly after the exit of World No. 2 Federer . "  Pity to lose that one , but Tomas did well to hang in there , " said the Swiss maestro .	Roger Federer says it is "  naive " to think tennis is clear of doping World No. 2 calls for more testing and funding in the fight against banned substances 17-time grand slam winner also suggests introducing biological passports Federer beaten in semifinals in Dubai as Novak Djokovic marches on
CNN  -- Some of the worst fighting to hit Somalia 's capital city in recent months uprooted nearly 34,000 people in less than a week , according to a United Nations report released Monday . A young girl feeds her baby brother at a refugee camp on the outskirts of Mogadishu , Somalia . Relief workers said the fighting between the Somali government and rebels over Islamic law has left Somali civilians with the choice of facing bloody battles or fleeing to squalid camps . The displaced people have found shelter in already overcrowded camps in and around Mogadishu , while others have fled into neighboring Kenya , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  . OCHA said that an estimated 34,000 people were displaced by the fighting between insurgents and Somalia 's government from May 8-14 . Although Somalia 's border with Kenya is officially closed , an estimated 5,000 displaced Somalis arrive every month in the U.N. refugee camps in the Kenyan border town of Dadaab , according to Doctors Without Borders , known by its French acronym MSF . "  The situation is simply scandalous , " said Joke Van Peteghem , who heads the MSF mission in Kenya . "  These refugees have risked everything to escape the fighting in Somalia . Now some are telling us they would rather take their chances in Mogadishu than die slowly here . " One nurse called the refugee camps in Kenya "  public health time bombs . " "  The refugees , many of whom are already suffering from serious war-related injuries or illnesses , are packed together without the bare minimum to survive , " said Donna Canali , who worked for MSF at Dagahaley Camp . "  After all these people have endured , how can their most basic needs continue to be so woefully neglected ? " Nearly a quarter of the more than 90,000 refugees at Dagahaley suffer from acute malnutrition , according to MSF . MSF is calling on the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Kenya 's government , and international donors to help alleviate the "  dire living conditions " at the camps in Kenya which house more than 270,000 Somali refugees . More than 100 people have died in the latest fighting in Somalia , and hundreds more have been wounded in the bloody insurgency , government officials said last week . The violence stems from an interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law . Somalia 's new president , Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , recently approved implementing sharia , but the al-Shabab rebel group wants the country to institute a stricter form . On Sunday , al-Shabab seized control of Jowhar , the president 's hometown about 55 miles  88 km  north of Mogadishu , according to a local journalist . The violence is exacerbating the already precarious humanitarian situation in Somalia , where an estimated 40 percent of the country 's population -- more than 3 million people -- need humanitarian support , according to the U.N. . The fighting erupted days after a mortar attack on Somalia 's parliament that killed six people and wounded more than a dozen others on April 25 . The fatalities included a soldier and three children who were killed when the rounds struck a nearby school , a police spokesman said . Members of parliament were meeting when the attack occurred , but none of them was injured , an official said .	Fighting in Somalia uproots 34,000 civilians in a week , report says Civilians have choice : Face bloody battles or be forced into squalid camps More than 100 have died in most recent fighting Violence stems from an interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law
CNN  -- Wildlife researchers using hidden cameras have captured rare images of snow leopards in a remote mountainous region of Tajikistan -- including shots of a cub stealing one of the cameras . A research team sponsored by the conservation groups Fauna and Flora International  FFI  and Panthera set up 11 camera stations in the rugged Wakhan valley near the Afghan border and left them for three months to record what passed by . The cameras are placed in pairs so that they can photograph both sides of the animals , which can be identified by their unique spot patterns , said Sarah Rakowski , communications officer for FFI . When researchers went to the sites in the Zorkul nature reserve to retrieve their cameras , which have motion detectors on them to trigger the shutter , they found images showing at least five of the rare cats , including a family with two cubs , FFI said in a statement last week . But one of the cameras was missing . The remaining camera of the pair solved the mystery when its photos showed one of the cubs sniffing , gnawing on and finally ripping the other device from its mounting and running away with it . Rakowski speculated that the cub might have been drawn to the slight sounds made by the cameras . "  The leopards are a bit shy , so whatever drew them , we are really happy with it in the end , " she said . The snow leopard is an endangered cat with spotted smoky gray fur that keeps it warm and camouflages it in the remote mountainous regions of central Asia where it lives . They can jump as far as 50 feet and take down prey three times their size , according to the National Geographic website . Hunting and habitat loss have sharply reduced the numbers of the large feline in recent decades , experts say , with an estimated 4,500 and 7,500 snow leopards left in the wild , scattered across Central Asia . Their populations have declined by as much as 20 % over the past 16 years , the Wildlife Conservation Society says . The animal also faces threats from poachers and others who capture the cats for illegal trade . Their warm pelts bring high prices and their organs are used in traditional Chinese medicine , the National Geographic website said . Researchers say even though the Zorkul project revealed new populations of snow leopard , more must be done to ensure their survival . "  Snow leopards have low population densities , which means that large areas need to be protected in order to conserve this species effectively , " said Dr. Alex Diment of the FFI . "  This survey has revealed an unusually high number of snow leopards in the Wakhan Mountains , which indicates that this could be a key region for snow leopard conservation . "	There are an estimated 4,500 to 7,500 snow leopards remaining in the wild The cub may have been drawn to the noises the camera made , Rakowski says The large cat 's organs are used in traditional Chinese medicine
New York  CNN  -- An estimated 1 million people marked the passing of one year and the beginning of another in New York 's Times Square with the descent of an iconic ball . With the help of Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Medal of Honor recipient Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta , the dazzling crystal ball began its 70-foot drop at 11:59 p.m. Friday to the harmonious chants of New Year 's Eve revelers counting down the final seconds of 2010 . More than one ton of confetti was released at midnight , with personal individual wishes written in more than 25 languages , a tradition from the past three years . Weighing in at 11,875 pounds with a diameter of 12 feet , the sparkling sphere is covered with 2,668 triangular crystals and is powered by 32,256 LED lights . By mixing red , blue , green and white light elements , the ball 's lighting system is capable of producing a kaleidoscopic array of 16 million hues and colors , and billions of patterns , the event 's website says . Each giant New Year 's numeral making up "  2-0-1-1 " will stand seven feet high and the numerals will use a total 453 9-watt LED bulbs . As in the past three years , the numerals were designed to be more energy efficient , as Duracell Batteries set up a lab in which visitors rode stationary bikes to provide the stored battery power that will light the numbers on the ball Friday night . Times Square has served as one of the most popular sites of New Year 's festivities since 1904 , though the New Year 's Eve ball made its inaugural drop down the flagpole at One Times Square in 1907 . That first ball , built with iron and wood , featured one hundred light bulbs and was designed by Jacob Starr , a young immigrant metalworker . The New Year 's Eve ball has beamed and dropped every year since with the exceptions of 1942 and 1943 , when the United States was embroiled in World War II and New York City observed a city-wide "  dim-out " to cut energy costs . According to New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , this New Year 's Eve celebration , like years in the past , is a product of a lot of hard work and planning by many people . "  We do n't ever take it for granted , " Kelly said . "  The situation changes somewhat , we have sort of a core plan but we always add to it or change it -- we do n't want to get stuck in a rut where we simply take a plan off the shelf . " As in previous years , security will be tight . Times Square will be closed to traffic at approximately 3 p.m. on Friday . Backpacks and alcohol are prohibited at the event and party-goers can expect a beefed-up police presence , according to the statement from the New York Police Department . "  It is a big complex operation and you know you always breathe a sigh of relief when it 's over , " Kelly said .	NEW : Mayor , medal of honor winner start the ball drop Since 1907 , a ball-drop in Times Square has marked the changing of the year This year , the ball will have lights that can mix to produce millions of colors
CNN  -- One of the questions I 've been asked the most in the 10 days since judge Hans-Joachim Eckert 's summary was published of Michael Garcia 's report into the conduct of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids , is the extent to which I 'm upset with the comments about me as the "  Australian whistleblower . " The answer is : not that much -- and there are two reasons . First , the report is an investigation into FIFA of the world governing body 's decisions and processes , conducted by Garcia who is paid by FIFA . The conclusions reached are that there 's really nothing to worry about when it comes to FIFA . Surprise . Do you see the pattern here ? Second , while it was n't nice to read what was written about me and it was n't what I expected , it is also untrue . I did n't expect to read about any of the 75 individuals with whom Garcia met , let alone to see Phaedra Al-Majid and me singled out in such negative terms . Not only were the two of us referred to as "  whistle-blowers " in the pejorative , but I was referred to as "  unreliable " and Phaedra -- who worked on the successful Qatar bid -- was referred to as both "  not credible " and "  unreliable . " It was an extraordinary and unprofessional attack by one or both of the two men who preside over FIFA 's Ethics Committee . While Eckert or Garcia must have their reasons for so openly flouting standards of whistle-blower conventions , the important point is they also accepted the issues that I raised with them . The issues that are subsequently presented in the summary report related to Australia -- and which Eckert refers to as "  potentially problematic conduct " -- are amongst the matters I discussed with Garcia . For me , this is the key point as the real issue is FIFA . In any case , as Garcia himself has claimed , it is also easy to find errors in the summary report . For example , in the section related to the former FIFA Executive Committee member , Mohamed Bin Hammam , it is noted that Oceania Football Confederation 's  OFC  intention to support Australia 's bid "  was publicly reported as early as October 17 , 2010 . " Wrong . It was announced by the President of Australia 's football association at a media conference , alongside President Sepp Blatter , in Brisbane on June 1 , 2008 . This is a matter of public record . It is curious that either Garcia or Eckert got this date wrong by 28 months because it goes to the heart of issues raised earlier in the summary report , and it is also relevant to what appears to be an illogical conclusion regarding the impact of Reynald Temarii 's eventual absence from taking part in the final vote . But while the focus of the past four years has been the decisions of the Executive Committee regarding 2018/2022 , FIFA has been the subject of corruption allegations for decades . Concerned about his legacy after the 2018/2022 decisions , Blatter embarked upon successive so-called governance reforms in 2011 that left most people shaking their heads in disbelief . First , he announced the establishment of a "  Council of Wisdom " comprising Henry Kissinger , Placido Domingo and Johan Cruyff . When it finally dawned on Blatter that this was n't his brightest idea , he invited Transparency International and an independent Swiss governance expert , Professor Mark Pieth to advise him . Transparency International later quit , raising questions over FIFA 's commitment to reform because Pieth was being paid by the world governing body . Professor Pieth hung in there for more than two years but could not chip-away at the cultural change required in the organization . A high-profile anti-bribery expert who was a member of one of the new committees , Alexandra Wrage , quit in 2013 telling the Guardian : "  We all focus our efforts where we can have an impact and I was not having an impact at FIFA . "  It is important the organization you are dealing with is receptive to those efforts and receptive to change . "  The independent governance committee put in a tremendous amount of work and effort putting together some fairly uncontroversial recommendations which were then knocked back , " said Wrage , who is president of the non-profit international anti-bribery group Trace . FIFA has grown to become an international commercial behemoth -- albeit an unaccountable one -- in Blatter 's time and he has built the World Cup into one of the most prestigious sporting event on the planet . But it has been at the expense of the reputation of world football and without regard for the two key stakeholders of the game -- players and fans . FIFA is incapable of reforming itself -- and it is time for those of us who love the game and who play the game to ask sponsors , broadcasters and governments to intervene to give us a new world governing body now . What football should have is an international governing body that has the same level of transparency and accountability that we expect of our governments , major institutions and international organizations . An international governing body that is responsible to the many millions of people who play the game and the billions who are fans ; and one that meets standards befitting an organization that will make a profit of $ 2 billion from the 2014 World Cup , according to Forbes . Governments , sponsors and broadcasters should demand an interim time limited administration , led by an eminent person with a broad mandate to develop a new constitution , governance arrangements and policies and to conduct new elections -- in other words , an International Olympic Committee-like reform . Together with Al-Majid I 've been invited by British MP Damian Collins to help arrange a FIFA reform conference in Brussels in January , which I hope will produce the reforms that the IOC put into place . Finally , another question I have been asked is whether I would do this again . Being a whistle-blower means your life changes . In my case , I raised my concerns internally but my employment was terminated . It takes a toll financially and emotionally . In a relatively small country like Australia , you lose your livelihood ; and , at my stage in life , the financial security you were building for your family . But we all need to consider how we want our lives measured . We all make choices . In the case of FIFA , you can play in the sandpit ; you can leave your principles at the door ; or you can be prepared to be resilient and take the consequences from those who desperately want to maintain the sinecures of the status quo .	FIFA under fire from whistle-blower Bonita Mersiades points to errors in recent FIFA report FIFA 's commercial success has come at "  expense of the reputation of world football " Details how whistle-blowing impacted her life
LONDON , England  CNN  -- China executed at least 470 people last year -- more than any other country in the world , according to an annual report on the death penalty by the human rights group Amnesty International . A woman is shown being taken to her execution in Beijing , China , in 2001 . The group said that five countries carried out 88 percent of all known executions worldwide : China  470 people  , Iran  317  , Saudi Arabia  143  , Pakistan  135  and the United States  42  . Exact figures for how many people were put to death in China are difficult to come by because the country considers the death penalty a "  state secret , " Amnesty said . "  As the world and Olympic guests are left guessing , only the Chinese authorities know exactly how many people have been killed with state authorization , " the group said . Last year , China reformed the way capital cases are handled , with the Supreme Court deciding all cases . This led to a drop in the number of executions , with "  half of the cases changed to a reprieve in the end , " according to an article last week in China 's state-run news agency , Xinhua . In December , the United Nations General Assembly called for a global end to the death penalty . But for now , the Amnesty report said , many countries continued to execute people for offenses that trigger much less severe sentences in other countries . In Iran , for example , a father of two was stoned to death for adultery . An Egyptian national was beheaded in Saudi Arabia for practicing sorcery . And a factory manager in North Korea was shot by a firing squad because he appointed his children as managers and made international phone calls . E-mail to a friend	China executed at least 470 people in the last year , says human rights group Iran had second-highest level of executions in 2007 , Amnesty says United States recorded fifth-highest number of executions , report finds
CNN  -- The Boston-area man who planned to kidnap children , rape and eat them is awaiting sentencing Tuesday and is seeking a prison term of 18 years followed by lifetime supervised release , according to court documents . Geoffrey Portway , 40 , who pleaded guilty in May to distribution and possession of child pornography and solicitation to commit a crime of violence , submitted a document through his attorney to Massachusetts District Court on Friday , providing information to be used in imposing a sentence "  sufficient but not greater than necessary , " the court document says . The document includes background on the case , cites similar cases , and reasons for why Portway agrees to a term of 18 years , with a maximum of 21 years and 10 months . Such reasons included the contention that he "  never engaged in inappropriate sexual conduct with a minor , " that Portway will be required to register as a sex offender upon his release , limiting his future employment options , and there was "  no evidence that  Portway  ever acted out any of his fantasies . " Portway , a former computer operator , also agreed to pay $ 10,000 in restitution fees . Ex-PTA president accused of making child porn at elementary school Federal authorities are recommending that he go to prison for at least 27 years , according to other court documents filed last week . "  Portway has pled guilty to some of the most vile and heinous crimes known to our society , " federal prosecutors wrote in a sentencing recommendation . But a lawyer for the 40-year-old defendant told CNN his client "  lived in a fantasy world " and there was no evidence he harmed any child . ` Cannibal cop ' convicted in New York After his arrest , Portway underwent mental health evaluations requested by his attorney , who referred him to a clinical and forensic psychologist who assessed Portway 's "  risk for re-offending and the degree of danger he posed to the community , " according to court-filed mental health evaluation documents . The documents describe a troubled childhood . His parents divorced when he was young , and Portman realized he was gay when he was 8 years old but was afraid to reveal it because his father was homophobic , the evaluating psychologist Dr. Eric L. Brown , wrote . Around the same time , according to the evaluation , he became increasingly fascinated with children 's tales such as "  Hansel and Gretel , " in which two children are caged and fattened up so that a witch can eat them . Pretzel bag leads feds to child porn suspect in California Portway had a "  wish to be eaten " that "  fulfilled a more basic desire to be wanted , valued , and incorporated by another person , " wrote Dr. Brown . When Portway 's home in Worcester was searched last year , authorities found tens of thousands of computer images and videos of child pornography and 4,500 exchanges of child pornography between Portway and the people he chatted with online . The images included children purportedly being cooked and prepared to be eaten , court documents said . Those photographs are sealed . Authorities also found a locked basement , court documents show . Photos taken the day of Portway 's arrest , and released by prosecutors , show a narrow wooden staircase leading downstairs to a soundproof room . It was furnished with a metal cage with a circular hole for feeding , a rusted and worn steel-topped table , as well as multiple kinds of metal bondage equipment . A child-sized coffin made of plywood was found on the floor nearby . Smartphone app hunts for child predators Portway 's lawyer , Richard J. Sweeney , told CNN that his client 's sentencing hearing will be "  the proper time to address all the issues addressed by the government . " But he added , "  There 's no evidence at all of Geoffrey being involved with any child or harming any child . " "  Geoffrey lived in a fantasy world where he did live-action role playing , did things online unrelated to child porn and cannibalism . A lot of the chats that he had were , in his mind , fantasy , " Sweeney said . "  When they went out to the other people he was talking to , these other people actually had kids they were taking photos of . Geoffrey did not have any kids he had abducted , though he certainly talked about it . " Photographs reviewed by CNN show handcuffs , rope intended for bondage , bleach , disposable scalpels and syringes , mouth gags , a butcher kit with multiple knives , a child-sized red "  onesie , " and castration tools . His DVD collection , documents show , included titles such as "  Hansel and Gretel , " "  The Real Cannibal Holocaust , " "  The Genesis Children , " and "  Cannibal Ferox , " a film with the tagline "  Make them die slowly . " Online chats , seized by police , showed Portway called his basement a "  dungeon " where he intended to "  keep kidnapped children while he sexually abused them and as a place to eventually murder and cannibalize the children . " Florida man linked to 1 million child porn videos , images CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Rande Iaboni , Lateef Mungin , Julie Cannold , and Ronni Berke contributed to this report .	Geoffrey Portway pleaded guilty in May to child porn and solicitation to commit violence Prosecutors say he planned to kidnap , rape and eat children His defense lawyer says Portway "  lived in a fantasy world " and did not harm children Portway is scheduled to be sentenced Tuesday
