Washington  CNN  -- Testimony on day three of proceedings about the future of presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. turned to whether Williamsburg , Virginia , is the right place for him to eventually live as an outpatient . "  I think it is right now , " said Dr. Deborah Giorgi-Guarnieri , a psychiatrist whom Hinckley sees during his trips to his mother 's home in Williamsburg . "  It always requires constant assessment , but I think it is right now . " But Giorgi-Guarnieri testified Monday that Hinckley has had difficulty forming new relationships there . She said Hinckley does regularly talk with a female neighbor of his mother , and with both his female supervisor and a female co-worker at his volunteer part-time job at a hospital library . Giorgi-Guarnieri said Hinckley , who likes to paint , has given paintings to both his supervisor and the co-worker . But she said that is something that is not unusual at that mental health care facility . According to the psychiatrist , Hinckley also offered her a painting for her office but she declined , saying she already has enough artwork . "  He does n't have a romantic relationship in Williamsburg , " Giorgi-Guarnieri added . Hinckley 's relationships with women have always drawn scrutiny because he hoped to impress actress Jodie Foster with his attack on Reagan . Hinckley , 56 , currently spends 10 days a month visiting his mother in Williamsburg . A plan proposed by St. Elizabeths Hospital , where Hinckley has been treated since being found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shootings of President Ronald Reagan and three other men , calls for the visits to be expanded and , if no problems develop , for Hinckley 's eventual release to live as an outpatient . Prosecutors oppose the plan , which initially calls for two visits of 17 days each , followed by six visits of 24 days . A key question posed during the hearings is what will happen to Hinckley when his widowed mother , Jo Ann , is no longer alive . She 's 85 years old and sat in court Monday listening to testimony . According to Hinckley 's lawyer , Barry Levine , his mother is in good health . Hinckley caregivers have not fully answered the question of what would happen after his mother is gone . Hinckley has been seeing Giorgi-Guarnieri in October of 2010 , she said , and she estimated she has seen him no more than a dozen times . She agreed with doctors from St. Elizabeths who testified last week that the most serious illnesses he had been diagnosed with -- depressive disorder and an unspecified psychotic disorder -- are in remission . However , the psychiatrist said Hinckley should continue taking his medicines , which include an antipsychotic drug called Risperdal and Zoloft for anxiety . Giorgi-Guarnieri also agreed with other doctors who say Hinckley still suffers from narcissism but it has improved . Hinckley has been listening quietly to testimony . His brother and sister are expected to testify tomorrow . In March of 1981 , Hinckley shot Reagan as he left a Washington hotel after making a speech . Also wounded in the attack were Reagan 's press secretary , James Brady , Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and Washington policeman Thomas Delahanty .	Man hospitalized since he shot President Reagan in 1981 seeks to become outpatient A psychiatrist says she thinks Williamsburg , Virginia , is the right place for Hinckley , for now He has been doing volunteer work at a hospital library there while visiting his mother His depressive disorder and an unspecified psychotic disorder are in remission , doctors say
CNN  -- Part of the enduring appeal of YouTube is the sheer random nature of it all -- the way videos of a South Korean pop song or a doped-up kid after a dentist visit can go from obscure to internationally known in a matter of days . But increasingly , the Web 's leading video site has also been working to become the Internet 's cable provider , mixing channels of its own original content , often in partnership with established stars , into the mix . Last October , YouTube announced 100 new channels , featuring everything from sports to comedy to educational videos . On Monday , it announced plans for another 40 , with an international bent that includes channels from France , Germany and the United Kingdom . The site also rolled out some impressive numbers about how the project has gone so far . YouTube says its top 25 original channels average more than 1 million views per week . About 800 million people are watching 4 billion hours of content on its original channels every month , an increase from 3 billion earlier this year . "  From local cuisine , health and wellness and parenting to sports , music , comedy , animation and news , this new lineup of original channels will have something for everyone , " said Robert Kyncl , YouTube 's global head of content , in a blog post . "  They are backed by some of the biggest producers , well-known celebrities and emerging media companies from Europe and the U.S. " The new offerings include "  The Jamie Oliver Food Channel , " from England , German auto channel Motorvision and "  city magazine " Rendezvous a Paris from France . New U.S. offerings include health-food channel Super Foods , The Creators Project from Vice and Above Average Productions , featuring short comedy clips by writers from "  Saturday Night Live , " "  30 Rock , " the Lonely Island comedy troupe and elsewhere . Just getting started with YouTube 's original channels ? Here are five we think might be of interest to CNN Tech readers : TED-Ed TED  Technology , Education and Design  is a series of conferences designed to bring together serious thinkers in an effort to share "  ideas worth spreading . " TED-Ed is an initiative that grew out of that . It is a curated series of education videos , which are good for teachers in need of extra resources . They are allowed to customize the videos to suit their needs and share them , publicly or privately , free . It 's also fun for anybody looking to bone up on Newton 's laws or learn how to write great essays . Advisers to the project include Salman Khan of Khan Academies , Melinda Gates and Jackie Bezos , the co-director of the education-oriented Bezos Family Foundation and mother of Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos . Geek & Sundry Celebrating all things geektastic , "  Geek & Sundry " is helmed by Felicia Day , an icon of sorts in the world of Internet fandom who brought her groundbreaking Web series , "  The Guild , " to the channel . Other top draws include the video version of the "  Sword & Laser " podcast , in which Tom Merritt and Veronica Belmont  he a host and she an alum of "  This Week In Tech , "  talk science fiction and fantasy literature , and "  Tabletop , " featuring actor Wil Wheaton and guests talking about , and playing , board games . For related , but unique , material , also check out "  The Nerdist " podcast host Chris Hardwick 's channel . The Warner Sound OK , we know this might look shameless , but it 's not .  The Warner Music Group spun off from Time Warner , which owns CNN , in 2004  . Besides , this has been the No. 1 original YouTube channel every week since June . Yes , Warner is a music juggernaut , and you 'll find the occasional video by platinum artists like Flo Rida and Green Day . But TWS celebrates "  the other side of music " and the majority of posts feature more alternative , lesser known or up-and-coming acts  LP , Tegan & Sara , The Mars Volta , Santigold  . Our favorite bit of weirdness ? "  The Gorburger Show , " in which a space alien who has hijacked a Japanese variety show interviews musical acts . SciShow Whether it 's a 10-minute biography of enigmatic inventor Nikola Tesla  Thomas Edison gets called an "  asshat "  or explaining the makeup of bath salts , the amphetamine that makes people do "  bat-crap crazy " things , veteran video-blogger Hank Green makes science both understandable and fun . That is , when he 's not running an online record label , playing his own music or writing or recording videos for , like , 100 other blogs and websites . Soul Pancake On Soul Pancake , "  The Office " actor Rainn Wilson invites you to "  open your heart without feeling like an idiot . " An extension of his website by the same name , Soul Pancake is informed by Wilson 's Baha'i faith and challenges viewers to consider issues of spirituality , philosophy and creativity , among other heady topics . "  We need connection . We need compassion . We need nurturing , " Wilson said at last year 's South by Southwest festival in Austin , Texas . If that sounds heavy , know that it 's sprinkled with Wilson 's wit . A recent video calling for a holiday on Election Day , featured  for some reason  an 18th century sharecropper with gold coins hidden in his posterior .	YouTube adds 40 channels , many with international focus , to its original-content lineup The site 's top 25 channels now average more than 1 million views every week The effort kicked off last year with 100 channels , many partnering with celebrities
CNN  -- I go to the gym . It 's an excellent place to watch SportsCenter while occupying a bench press that somebody else might otherwise use for actual exercise . "  You done with this ? " "  Define done . " My other favorite part of an early workout is when the gym staff finally plops the morning newspapers on the media table , where thumbing through USA Today for 20 minutes seems to be another great way to not improve my personal well being . Then I hit the sauna . Because , clearly , I 've earned it . So , my daily routine is n't exactly CrossFit . In fact , it just barely even qualifies as being awake . Which is a little pathetic when you consider that , now , even toddlers are taking on CrossFit . Yes , one of the most controversial and interesting fitness crazes around -- one that some people  with incredibly loose standards  even label as a "  cult " -- is actually offering age-modified classes to children . That 's the larger story that people were talking about this week online . But , before diving deeper into that , I think it 's important , first , to understand what CrossFit actually is . You know ... as explained by someone who 's never done it . As best I comprehend the phenomenon , CrossFit is a strength and conditioning program that focuses on highly functional real-world movements that are constantly varied and performed at amazingly high intensity . Participants work out in groups and meet not in a gym , but an industrial-looking "  box " that is void of all the things I love most -- you know , SportsCenter and USA Today . Making CrossFit even more unique is the fact that you do n't decide your own routine . Instead , there is a posted daily exercise that everyone does together . It 's called the workout of the day -- or the WOD . On some days it might include nothing but front squats , and on another day you might find yourself lifting weights . But whatever it is , you 'll do it as a group , it 's going to be intense , and there 's a decent chance you might barf all over your Nikes . My gym franchise would be slightly different . "  Yesterday we napped . Today we 're going to stare at our hands . Be champions . " People who do CrossFit absolutely swear by it . Others simply see it as snobbish , especially considering that it 's far more expensive than just joining an ordinary gym . For example , the "  box " nearest me in Atlanta -- BTB Fitness -- charges $ 250/month . My current gym is $ 360 for the year . So , it 's definitely a lot of money . But , that does n't mean it 's snobbish . As someone who does n't really care one way or the other , I just see a lot of really fit men and women working incredibly hard . And that 's more than I can say for myself . Thus , if you want to have your own lingo and dress a certain way , I say go for it . Tube-sock-a-palooza ! Really , I harbor no judgement in support of or in opposition to CrossFit . I 'm not a health expert , and I 'm literally sitting here writing with a Super Big Gulp . Which is just like a normal Big Gulp , but with slightly more type-2 diabetes . So , in general , I just applaud anyone who exercises . And I wish I could look as good as the people I see doing CrossFit . Which is why , at first glance , CrossFit for toddlers seems completely fine . It 's not like the kids are deadlifting kettle bells or hauling giant bags of dirt around the neighborhood . If that was the case , I 'd let the neighborhood kids pay me to clean my backyard . "  Billy , here 's a Kroger bag . Now give me 10 more dog poop lifts . And 50 bucks . " Instead , at CrossFit Gantry in Long Island City Queens -- the affiliate that made news this week -- children starting at 3 years old will focus on traditional CrossFit movements but without any weight . The classes will also incorporate counting and colors , as well as bear crawls and crab walking . Basically , it 's just a bunch of fun kid stuff . But with a price tag . If your son or daughter attends two classes a week , the fee for the month is $ 280 . And , that , some argue , makes it all completely unnecessary . Especially when playgrounds are free . And outside . But , come on . We 're simply talking about a fun , organized group activity for kids . It 's just like karate or ballet . People should n't let their contempt for the word "  CrossFit " overshadow that it 's just something active and interesting for children to do . And people are certainly free to spend their money however they please . But do n't listen to me . My kid is a dog . And Mikey 's primary workout routine is dropping giant turds on my lawn . "  Billy , grab another Kroger bag . " Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	A gym in Long Island City is now offering CrossFit for toddlers Some people think it 's too expensive and snobbish Two classes a week for a month costs $ 280
CNN  -- Mudslides killed at least 13 people after Fernand slammed into the east of coast of Mexico , state media reported Monday . Fernand was a tropical storm when it made landfall late Sunday , bringing heavy rains . The storm quickly fizzled into a tropical depression and had dissipated by Monday afternoon , forecasters said . But even as it weakened , authorities in the state of Veracruz on the Gulf of Mexico said the storm brought heavy rains that caused deadly mudslide in several locations . All of the deaths were caused by mudslides that buried homes , Veracruz Gov. Javier Duarte said , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . Fernand formed over the western Bay of Campeche on Sunday . As of 4 p.m. ET , the storm 's remnants were about 75 miles  125 km  west-southwest of Tuxpan , Mexico , with maximum sustained winds of 30 mph  45 kilometers per hour  , the Miami-based National Hurricane Center said . The storm was expected to dump between 4 and 8 inches of rain over the states of Veracruz , Hidalgo , northern Puebla , southern Tamaulipas and eastern San Luis Potosi , with more than 15 inches of rain in some places . Forecasters warned that more life-threatening mudslides were possible . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : State media reports mudslides crash into homes in Mexico 's Veracruz state NEW : At least 13 people are killed in several locations , authorities say NEW : Fernand has dissipated but could still bring heavy rains , forecasters say
Calgary , Canada  CNN  -- Immediately before 9-11 , al Qaeda was considered almost below most Americans ' notice . One Washington Post/ABC News poll found that in early 2002 , only 14 percent of Americans thought Islam encouraged violence . These days , the popular perception of Islam is dominated by al Qaeda and its radical agenda . Al Qaeda has grown into a monster that dominates the American psyche , and many non-Muslims fear that the majority of Muslims are bent on violent takeover . Throughout the last decade , the mainstream majority of Muslims have seemed almost silent , but today that all changes . As of this writing , 38 of the 50 Islamic scholars who make up Canada 's Muslim mainstream leadership have signed the Canadian Council of Imams Declaration , released today . More names will follow . These signatories will lead Muslim communities onto a path of active engagement , taking back Islam and claiming it for multicultural peace . Here is why : Muslims have been part of North American society for more than 100 years . There have been mosques in places such as Edmonton , Alberta ; Cedar Rapids , Iowa ; Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ; Cleveland , Ohio ; and Buffalo , New York , since the 1930s . In Canada and the United States before 9-11 , the growing Muslim minority was well-integrated , with higher-than-average educational attainments for both genders . Muslims in civic and business leadership positions went as unnoticed as members of any other successful community . And North America 's Muslims were proud to be an integral part of North American society , because we knew it was the Muslim ideal as well . Radicals are working to destroy those relationships and are using the Quran to do it . Radicals regularly , ignorantly and blatantly abuse the Quran and the Sunnah  the acts of Mohammed that Muslims use to figure out what the revelations really mean  to promote the idea that Islam is a violent faith . For example , they cite a famous verse in the Quran that says , roughly , "  Fight the people of the book until they know themselves subdued , " and use it to create fear or to support a violent agenda . However , here 's what that verse really means . When Mohammed and his companions "  conquered " the Middle East in the 7th century , the command to do so came in response to rumours of an army massing in the north that was planning to exterminate them . The Muslims expected a fight to the death but met people willing to live in peace , and they founded a society with rights , freedom , liberty and justice for all , regardless of race , creed or gender . God was n't telling them when to fight , he was telling them when to stop . While the vast majority of imams today put this verse in historical perspective for their congregations , this declaration now serves to put those who would abuse it in perspective as well . Likewise , radicals claim Islam is anti-Semitic . And yet , when Jerusalem fell , Caliph Umar walked up to the gates and accepted the Catholic patriarch 's demands for security , religious freedom and relative autonomy with one proviso : that those rights also be afforded to the 70 Jewish families who had been expelled by the Patriarch . Claims that Islam wants to destroy Christianity are answered by Caliph Umar 's refusal of the patriarch 's invitation to pray in the Christian cathedral , "  that later generations not declare it a mosque , so that it will remain a church forever . " In fact , equality before the courts in Mohammed 's time was so profound that when Muslims extorted land from a Jewish citizen and built a mosque , the caliph had the mosque destroyed and the land returned . Muslims around the world offer thoughts on what Islam means today Western ideals are Muslim ideals . When al Qaeda  whose leaders are described in Muslim prophecy as "  men with the hearts of demons "  launched its 9-11 attack , the primary objective was to alienate America 's Muslims from the America they love . Al Qaeda hoped to turn both sides away from those ideals that made both civilizations great . And their success at this alienation has remained woefully unchallenged until now . That alienation drives Muslims to criminal acts here and abroad even though they should know better , and it is driving America and Canada into repudiating every good freedom we have attained . Violence and rivalries have no place in faith -- any faith . Many Christians think they 've begun the first blows of Armageddon , even though Muslims believe we 're the army of the returning Christ . I have Jewish friends in Canada who think Palestinians are descended from Amalekites  whom Jews are commanded to exterminate  , even though Midianites , Ishmaelites and other Arab monotheist tribes populate the Old Testament . Moses and Jacob married proto-Palestinians . Our religions are actually designed to help us live in peace , if you read their stories looking for something other than war . For the sake of peace , Islam must be claimed back from Muslims and non-Muslims alike who seek conflict . The Canadian Council of Imams Declaration of religious freedom , gender equity , life 's sanctity and individual freedom of choice , declared by the elite of Canada 's scholarly and respected religious leadership on behalf of all of Canada 's mainstream Muslim communities , denies the rights of radicals to define our religion . It empowers the voices of Muslims who love Islam and repudiates anyone who seeks to use Islam for any purpose but peace . Yes , it 's a big thing , and it 's happening today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Liepert .	Dr. David Liepert : Al Qaeda has come to dominate U.S. , Canadian view of Islam Liepert says 50 Islamic scholars in Canada are taking back the religion from radical Muslims Violence and rivalries have no place in faith -- any faith , Liepert says He says declaration repudiates anyone who seeks to use Islam for any purpose but peace
Atlanta  CNN  -- The Lowndes County , Georgia , Sheriff 's Office does not believe an anonymous e-mail claiming that a former schoolmate confessed to killing Kendrick Johnson is credible , an attorney for the department told CNN on Thursday . The attorney did not tell CNN why or how investigators determined the tip was not credible . The determination was made after a Lowndes County assistant district attorney issued a grand jury subpoena to obtain identifying information about the sender of the e-mail . CNN obtained the e-mail and the subpoena Monday , in response to a state Open Records Act request submitted to the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office . The anonymous e-mail tip is dated January 27 , 2014 . The sender of the e-mail does not suggest he or she witnessed a confession ; instead , the sender claims to have been told information by somebody who purportedly was aware of a confession in the 2013 death by one of the people implicated in the e-mail . Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in the Lowndes High School gymnasium on January 11 , 2013 . Investigators with the Sheriff 's Office ruled his death accidental , concluding that he climbed into the center of the gym mat to reach for a shoe and got stuck . According to an incident report provided to CNN by the Sheriff 's Office , investigators interviewed two of four students identified by name in the anonymous e-mail on January 28 . Both students acknowledged they knew Johnson but denied any involvement in his death . The incident report does not indicate whether the investigators attempted to speak with the two other students identified in the e-mail . CNN is not naming the students mentioned in the e-mail because none of them has been named a suspect in the death of Johnson . Lowndes County sheriff 's investigators concluded that Johnson , 17 , got stuck while reaching for a shoe at the center of the mat and that his death was accidental . The state 's medical examiner agreed , citing "  positional asphyxia " as the cause of death . Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson believe their son was beaten to death and officials are "  covering up a murder . " An independent pathologist , hired by the parents , concluded that the death was the result of a homicide after finding evidence of "  unexplained apparent non-accidental blunt force trauma " to Johnson 's neck . "  If anybody has any information of a different opinion that they can provide to us , we 're certainly open to looking at that . We 're not closed-minded on this , " Lt. Stryde Jones , supervisor of the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office 's Investigative Division , told CNN in May . The Sheriff 's Office has received many public comments regarding Johnson 's death since it closed its case on May 2 . The grand jury subpoena is the first document provided to CNN that suggests the department has acted on any of those public comments . "  Although our case has been closed , if evidence comes forward , specifically testimony , then we 're open to hearing that and certainly we 'll act accordingly , " Jones said . Chief Assistant District Attorney Bradfield Shealy issued the subpoena to Mediacom Communications Corp. on January 28 . The New York-based cable , phone and Internet provider was ordered to provide the Lowndes County grand jury with subscriber information associated with the e-mail sent through the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office 's website , or submit the documents to the district attorney 's office or Jones before February 26 . According to a Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office incident report , the subpoena was faxed to Mediacom on February 7 . Mediacom received the subpoena via fax Wednesday afternoon and immediately complied with Georgia officials ' request , spokesman Tom Larson told CNN on Thursday . Last week , students from Lowndes High School and nearby Valdosta High School were among those who appeared before a federal grand jury in Macon , as part of the Department of Justice 's investigation into Johnson 's death . The U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , Michael Moore , launched the federal investigation on October 31 .	The Lowndes County , Georgia , Sheriff 's Office says it does not believe an anonymous e-mail The e-mail claimed that a former schoolmate confessed to killing Johnson , 17 Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in his high school gym more than a year ago The death was ruled an accident , but an independent pathologist called it a homicide
CNN  -- Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki told the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that he will not resign in the wake of his department being accused of deadly delays in health care at some of its hospitals . "  I serve at the pleasure of the president , " Shinseki told the newspaper when asked whether he would step down . "  I signed on to make some changes , I have work to do . " The White House stood its ground when asked whether Shinseki will continue to lead the department . In its daily briefing -- a question-and-answer session dominated by lengthy discussions on the conflict in Ukraine , abducted Nigerian schoolgirls and the White House climate change report -- press secretary Jay Carney offered only a few sentences when asked whether Shinseki 's job was safe . President Barack Obama takes seriously the allegations that veterans died waiting for care at the Phoenix VA hospital , Carney said , reiterating that the VA 's inspector general is conducting an independent probe into the allegations . "  The President remains confident in Secretary Shinseki 's ability to lead the department and take appropriate action , " Carney said , repeating the White House response this week to two veterans groups ' calls for Shinseki 's ouster . Shinseki said Tuesday that is "  very sensitive to the allegations " coming from the Phoenix probe . "  I need to let the independent IG  inspector general  complete his investigation , " he told the Journal . Calls for his resignation On Monday , the nation 's largest veteran organization , the American Legion , and another veterans group , Concerned Veterans for America , called for Shinseki 's resignation . The calls came after months of CNN exclusive reporting on U.S. veterans who have died awaiting care at VA hospitals across the country , including in Phoenix . "  It 's not something we do lightly . But we do so today because it is our responsibility as advocate for the men and women who have worn this nation 's uniform , " said Daniel M. Dellinger , national commander of the American Legion . Added Pete Hegseth , CEO of the Concerned Veterans of America , in a statement : "  We 're proud to stand with The American Legion as they take this courageous and historic stand . As America 's largest veterans organization , their moral authority on this issue is unimpeachable . We applaud their demands for accountability at the very top of the Department of Veterans Affairs . " Dozens of deaths Shinseki told the Wall Street Journal that he would increase the communication among the leaders atop his department and veterans and address what appears to be a lack of faith in top management . "  If veteran service organizations are voicing concern about that , I will accept I have work to do to bolster confidence in their health care system , " he said . CNN has been reporting on delays in care and patient deaths at VA hospitals for the past six months , including at hospitals in South Carolina , Georgia and Texas . After CNN 's coverage , the VA acknowledged in April that 23 veterans had died as a result of delayed care in recent years , but sources tell CNN that number could be much higher . In an exclusive report two weeks ago , CNN interviewed a retired VA doctor from Phoenix who charged that more than 40 American veterans have died waiting for care at the VA hospital there . Throughout the network 's reporting , CNN has submitted numerous requests for an interview with Shinseki , but in the six months that CNN has been reporting on the delays , Shinseki has yet to speak to CNN . CNN is not alone in getting virtually no response from VA officials . U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee , issued this statement late Monday : "  For nearly a year , we have been pleading with top department leaders and President Obama to take immediate steps to stop the growing pattern of preventable veteran deaths and hold accountable any and all VA employees who have allowed patients to slip through the cracks . "  In response , we 've received disturbing silence from the White House and one excuse after another from VA. " VA spokesman Drew Brookie 's statement , released late Monday , read : "  The Department of Veterans Affairs  VA  takes any allegations about patient care or employee misconduct very seriously . If the VA Office of Inspector General 's investigation substantiates allegations of employee misconduct , swift and appropriate action will be taken . Veterans deserve to have full faith in their VA care . "  Under the leadership of Secretary Shinseki and his team , VA has made strong progress in recent years to better serve veterans both now and in the future . The secretary knows there is more work to do . " CNN 's Scott Bronstein , Drew Griffin , Nelli Black and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Veterans Affairs secretary says he will stay if the President still wants him NEW : Shinseki tells Wall Street Journal that he needs to have better communication with veterans White House : "  President remains confident in Secretary Shinseki 's ability to lead " Month-long investigation shows veterans have died awaiting care at VA hospitals
Washington  CNN  -- A divided Supreme Court spent this week 's final oral argument on health care reform Wednesday examining whether states would be "  coerced " by the federal government to expand their share of Medicaid costs by the risk of losing funding if they refused to take part . The session concluded three days of public debate on the 2010 Affordable Health Act and focused on the contentious legal issue of federal versus state powers , in this case involving the Medicaid government-run health care for the poor and disabled . Medicaid , which operates on federal and state funding , would be expanded under the health care reform law , and 26 states filed legal challenges against what they contended was an unfair burden forced on them by Washington . Court tackles question : Would all of health law be scrapped ? The debate on Medicaid was especially divided along ideological lines . Paul Clement , arguing for the states that say they would suffer under the new Medicaid requirements , met skepticism from many on the left . Justice Elena Kagan noted that 90 % of current Medicaid funding comes from Washington and asked if it would be a bad deal "  if the government were to give boatloads of money to the states . " When Clement replied yes , Kagan erupted , saying "  Wow , wow ! " and shaking her head . However , Chief Justice John Roberts and his conservative colleagues worried the states would be powerless to refuse the new requirements . "  Why not be concerned about the authority the federal government is exercising ? " Roberts said to Solicitor General Donald Verrilli , who represented the government . "  That is the leverage " the central bureaucracy holds , Roberts noted . The "  coercion " issue was surprisingly added to the health care debate by the Supreme Court justices . Medicaid is administered by the states with a combination of federal and state money . It currently required coverage only for poor children and their parents or caretakers , adults with disabilities and poor individuals 65 or older . Both sides of the issue agree that what the high court decides on Medicaid could have broad implications for the regulatory ability of the federal government to set long-term national policy goals in areas such as the environment , education and the workplace . Some states have long complained their autonomy is being eroded by creeping federal intervention on spending matters . Article 1 of the Constitution gives Congress the power to "  lay and collect ... taxes to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States " and to "  regulate commerce ... among the several states . " Such authority has long been broadly interpreted , including when imposing conditions on recipients , be they individuals or states . No federal court has ever ruled states have been unlawfully coerced when they accept conditions or strings attached to federal funds . The Supreme Court in 1987 affirmed that congressional discretion . Starting in 2014 , the health care law 's Medicaid changes would make millions of additional Americans eligible for benefits by raising the income cap for qualification . That would include all adults up to 133 % of the federal poverty line . The tricky point is that states are not forced to agree to the law 's incremental Medicaid increases , spread out over six years . The states could instead abandon their participation in the program , but they say that would be a financial , social and political catastrophe -- one that they can not realistically accept . Lawsuits by 26 Republican-led states say the new law 's significant expansion of the social safety net unconstitutionally "  coerces " state governments . Supporters of the health care law say the Medicaid issue involves political motivations rather than real policy concerns . "  These arguments are n't based on Medicaid 's health outcomes among children or seniors , " Dr. L. Toni Lewis , the health care chair of the Service Employers International Union , said at a news conference Wednesday . "  They are n't based on testimony from those who have received services from Medicaid . They are n't even based on data that shows how well Medicaid controls costs compared to private insurance . That 's because the challenge to Medicaid in the Supreme Court is n't based on what 's good for our health . It 's just based on politics and posturing . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	26 states challenged a Medicaid expansion under health care reform The justices are divided on ideological grounds on the matter The issue touches on the legal question of federal and state powers The high court debate on Medicaid concludes a week of health care reform hearings
CNN  -- A uniformed Philadelphia police officer seen in an online video striking a woman after he was hit by a liquid has been placed on administrative duty while the incident is investigated , a police spokeswoman said Tuesday . The officer seen in the video , which was posted on YouTube , was identified as Lt. Jonathan Josey , Philadelphia police spokeswoman Christine O'Brien told CNN . The video shows a crowd of people gathered around about a dozen officers handcuffing a man against a car at the annual Puerto Rican Day Parade on Sunday . The woman , wearing a black shirt and jeans , is on the left side of the video and has a bottle in her left hand . The woman raises her left arm as she hops around behind one of the officers . Some liquid flies from the bottle at the police . The woman changes position and a man behind her tosses liquid at the police . As the woman turns and retreats , an officer , now identified as Josey , walks quickly after her and appears to strike her in the face with his right hand . The woman is knocked to the ground . Josey cuffs her and two other officers lead her away . She appears to have blood coming from her mouth . Lt. Ray Evers , a spokesman for Philadelphia police , said the woman was charged with disorderly conduct . Police did n't release the name of the woman . Police asked witnesses who were at the parade to call 215-685-5056 . The video had 785,000 views and 6,000 comments by Tuesday afternoon .	NEW : The officer who hit the woman is Lt. Jonathan Josey , a police spokeswoman says Woman was attending Puerto Rican Day Parade Crowd gathered as police handcuffed man against a car Cops were doused with liquids prompting one officer to turn around , go after woman
EW.com  -- "  The Daily Show " has hired another correspondent in the wake of John Oliver 's exit . "  Saturday Night Live " writer and standup comic Michael Che will join the Comedy Central series in June after he finishes his stint at "  SNL . " The hire follows the exit of Oliver , who launched his new HBO talk show , "  Last Week Tonight , " on Sunday . "  The Daily Show " also recently added Jordan Klepper last March . Che is an NYC standup comic who joined the "  SNL " writing staff last fall . Che started doing standup in 2010 , and since then has won New York 's Funniest Stand-Up Competition , appeared on CBS ' "  Late Show , " and was a regular on VH1â $ ² s short-lived "  Best Week Ever " reboot . He 's been writing for "  SNL " since 2013 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Che joins in the wake of John Oliver leaving He will join in June Che won New York 's Funniest Stand-Up Competition
CNN  -- A low-level systems administrator ? Or a highly trained spy ? Edward Snowden sought to bolster his credentials during an interview with NBC "  Nightly News " anchor Brian Williams . The one-hour interview , Snowden 's first with a U.S. television network , is scheduled to air at 10 p.m. ET on Wednesday . An excerpt aired Tuesday night . "  I was trained as a spy in sort of the traditional sense of the word -- in that I lived and worked undercover , overseas , pretending to work in a job that I 'm not -- and even being assigned a name that was not mine , " Snowden said . "  Now , the government might deny these things . They might frame it in certain ways , and say , oh , well , you know , he 's a low-level analyst . "  But what they 're trying to do is they 're trying to use one position that I 've had in a career , here or there , to distract from the totality of my experience , which is that I 've worked for the Central Intelligence Agency , undercover , overseas . "  I 've worked for the National Security Agency , undercover , overseas . And I 've worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency as a lecturer at the Joint Counterintelligence Training Academy , where I developed sources and methods for keeping our information and people secure in the most hostile and dangerous environments around the world . " Snowden continued : "  So when they say I 'm a low-level systems administrator , that I do n't know what I 'm talking about , I 'd say it 's somewhat misleading . " A spokeswoman for the NSA declined to comment Tuesday on the NBC report . Williams traveled to Moscow , where Snowden fled to escape prosecution for leaking classified documents that detailed U.S. surveillance programs . Snowden has n't been able to leave Russia since U.S. officials charged him with espionage and revoked his passport . What he leaked sparked a national debate about privacy and security . President Barack Obama and military officials remain in support of mass , warrantless surveillance . But civil libertarians , technology companies and others oppose it , noting the lack of transparency . CNN 's Jose Pagliery and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NSA document leaker Edward Snowden says he was trained as a spy He worked for the CIA , NSA and Defense Intelligence Agency , he tells NBC 's Brian Williams Calling him a contractor is bid "  to distract from the totality of my experience , " he says Snowden is in Russia to avoid prosecution in U.S. on espionage charges
Boston  CNN  Now the real Boston Marathon trial can begin . A federal jury 's decision to convict Dzhokhar Tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes . The 21-year-old 's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack , which both scarred and strengthened this city . The outcome of this first phase may have been preordained , but nearly two years after the bombing , the trial has held Boston and the region in thrall -- more so than I might have imagined . The case regularly lands on the front pages of our two daily newspapers , the Globe and the Herald , and often leads the local television newscasts . The Twitter feeds of reporters covering the trial are avidly followed . We have n't learned much new , although harrowing details about the deaths of the Tsarnaev brothers ' four victims have come out . More than anything , many people find something cathartic in seeing the seemingly insolent , unrepentant Tsarnaev being brought to justice . The only issue to be decided is whether Tsarnaev should be executed . Which is why the second phase of his trial is the one that really matters . Was Tsarnaev so thoroughly under the sway of his radicalized older brother , Tamerlan , that he should be spared lethal injection ? Or had this seemingly typical teenager transformed himself into a hardened jihadist who obsessed over al Qaeda propaganda such as the article "  Make a bomb in the kitchen of your mom " ? What kind of justice should Tsarnaev receive ? There is no death penalty in Massachusetts , and in September 2013 , according to a Globe poll , 57 % of respondents supported life in prison for Tsarnaev ; just 33 % said he should be executed . By moving the case into federal court , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder made it likely that Tsarnaev would receive the death penalty . Keep in mind that no members of the jury were deemed eligible to serve unless they stated beforehand that they were willing to consider putting Tsarnaev to death . But imagine a different scenario in which Tsarnaev had been allowed to plead guilty in return for a life sentence . He would have been denied the public stage he has been granted ; although he has not testified  so far  , his terrorist actions have been replayed over and over again for people to see the world over . The 2015 Boston Marathon will take place in less than two weeks , on Monday , April 20 . Thousands of runners will clog the 26.2-mile route , and tens of thousands will cheer them on -- as they did last year , proving to the world that we will not be intimidated . And Tsarnaev 's lawyers will still be fighting for their client 's life . It is a natural if disturbing reaction to events like this that it 's easier to remember the names of the perpetrators than of their victims . But Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is a loser and a nobody . He should be allowed to fade away into the obscurity of a maximum-security prison cell . The people who deserve to be remembered are those he and his brother killed on Marathon Day -- Martin Richard , Krystle Campbell and Lingzi Lu -- and Sean Collier , the MIT police officer they executed in cold blood . It is they who should live on in our collective memories .	Dan Kennedy : After Boston Marathon bombing guilty verdict , now real trial -- the sentencing -- can begin . What justice should Tsarnaev get ? He says a plea might have been better , to keep bomber out of the news and let him fade into obscurity in maximum security cell Kennedy : The people who deserve to be remembered are victims and MIT officer who was killed
EW.com  -- For its upcoming miniseries "  The 80s : The Decade that Made Us , " Nat Geo Channel commissioned a pop culture survey asking participants important questions like , "  Which of the following songs would you have made out to in the '80s ? " and "  Which of the following '80s TV family would you most want to be adopted by ? " EW.com has an exclusive sneak peek at those results ... "  The Cosby Show 's " Huxtables are the family of choice , with 38 percent of the vote . "  Family Ties ' " Keatons and "  Dallas 's " Ewings tied for second , with 17 percent each . "  Growing Pains ' " Seavers finished next with 16 percent , and "  Diff ` rent Strokes ' " Drummonds came in last , with 7 percent . The Police 's "  Every Breath You Take " is the top makeout song  36 percent  , followed by Lionel Richie 's "  Hello "  26 percent  , LL Cool J 's "  I Need Love "  16 percent  , Wham ! 's "  Careless Whisper "  13 percent  , and Crowded House 's "  Do n't Dream It 's Over "  9 percent  . Joel Osteen responds to Web hoax Other notable results in the survey : • "  Back to the Future " is the movie that defines the decade  21 percent  , followed by "  The Breakfast Club "  18 percent  , E.T.  16 percent  , "  Ferris Bueller 's Day Off "  15 percent  , "  Top Gun " and "  Ghostbusters "  tied with 8 percent  , "  Wall Street "  7 percent  , "  Do the Right Thing "  4 percent  , and "  Say Anything "  2 percent  . • Michael Jackson scored a landslide 61 percent of the vote for his influence on today 's musicians , followed by Madonna  17 percent  , U2  12 percent  , and Run DMC  7 percent  . • Demi Moore is America 's favorite member of the Brat Pack  28 percent  , followed by Molly Ringwald  19 percent  , Emilio Estevez  16 percent  , Rob Lowe  15 percent  , Andrew McCarthy and Judd Nelson  tied 6 percent  , and Anthony Michael Hall and Ally Sheedy  5 percent apiece  . Recount ? ` Game of Thrones ' week 2 ratings steady "  The 80s : The Decade That Made Us " -- narrated by Rob Lowe , naturally -- premieres April 14 at 8 p.m. ET . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Nat Geo Channel commissioned a pop culture survey "  Cosby Show 's " Huxtables are the '80s TV family you most want to adopt you "  The 80s : The Decade That Made Us " premieres April 14
CNN  -- Legs covered in skin-toned stockings , her skirt crisp to the knee , Patty Davis slips on the black heels she has shined for the day . "  Got to look good in the Lord 's house , " she says as she spritzes her neck with White Diamonds perfume and exits her black Lincoln Town Car . Davis , 46 , of Union City , Georgia , has attended African Methodist Episcopal churches since before she could crawl . She sits proudly in the pew every Sunday for service and is among the first to arrive for bible study each Wednesday . She moves swiftly , with confidence , a weathered Bible clutched in her right hand , the day 's passages dog-eared and highlighted . She 's the type of woman who can recite scriptures with ease , her love of faith evident in her speech . "  Every day is a blessed day for me , " she says . "  Jesus is the No. 1 man in my life and any man who wants me must seek me through Him . " The unmarried Georgia native is a committed follower of the Christian faith , striving to live and breathe the gospel in her daily life . Yet , according to relationship advice columnist Deborrah Cooper , it is this devout style of belief and attachment to the black church that is keeping black women like Davis -- single and lonely . Clinging to the gospel Cooper , a writer for the San Francisco Examiner , recently made claims on her blog SurvivingDating.com that predominantly black protestant churches , such as African Methodists , Pentecostal , and certain denominations of Evangelical and Baptist churches are the main reason black women are single . Cooper , who is black and says she is not strictly religious , argues that rigid beliefs constructed by the black church are blinding black women in their search for love . In raising the issue , Cooper ignited a public conversation about a topic that is increasingly getting attention in the black community and beyond . Oprah Winfrey , among others , recently hosted a show about single black women and relationships after a Yale University study found that 42 percent of African-American women in the United States were unmarried . Big Miller Grove Missionary Baptist Church , a predominately African-American Baptist church in Atlanta , is holding a seminar on the question of faith 's role in marital status on August 20 . "  Black women are interpreting the scriptures too literally . They want a man to which they are ` equally yoked ' -- a man that goes to church five times a week and every Sunday just like they do , " Cooper said in a recent interview . "  If they meet a black man that is not in church , they are automatically eliminated as a potential suitor . This is just limiting their dating pool . " The traditional structure and dynamics of black churches , mostly led by black men , convey submissive attitudes to women , Cooper says , encouraging them to be patient -- instead of getting up and going after what they want . Nearly ninety percent of African-Americans express "  certain belief in God " and 55 percent say they "  interpret scripture literally , " according to the 2009 Pew Research Center study "  A Religious Portrait of African-Americans . " Dr. Boyce Watkins , a professor at Syracuse University and advocate for African-American issues , responded to Cooper 's article online . Though he applauded Cooper 's courage to voice her opinion , he agreed -- and disagreed -- with her . "  I do n't think the church keeps black women single , " Watkins says . "  But I do agree that some black churches teach women that they must only date a man that goes to church regularly . " Watkins , who is African-American and whose father is a Southern Baptist minister , described his interactions with southern women who are devout churchgoers . "  I am a male and I know that I will treat a woman well , but I have been rejected many times because I do n't thump a bible with me everywhere that I go . " All in the numbers One of biggest reasons black women are single , Cooper says , is because of a lack of black men in the church . According to the PEW study , "  African-American men are significantly more likely than women to be unaffiliated with any religion  16 percent vs. 9 percent  . Nearly one-in-five men say they have no formal religious affiliation . " Watkins believes the social structure of the church keeps black men from attending . "  Those appealing , high-testosterone guys have a hard time getting into the ` Follow the leader , give me your money , and listen to what I have to say ' attitude . " "  Many of us have a difficult time submitting to the pastor who is just another man . " The male pastor , Cooper says , is the "  alpha male " for many black women . Over-reverence for the pastor - or any religious figure for that matter - creates barriers for the black man , she says , because he feels like he must compete for the No. 1 spot in a black woman 's heart . "  It does n't make you more attractive if your life is filled with these ` other ' men , " Cooper says . "  If they feel like they have to compete , you are not going to be interesting because you 're not feeding his ego in the way it needs to be fed . " Mark K. Forston , son of a black preacher in Forest Park , Georgia , says some black women "  put their pastor on this pedestal and have a large amount of faith in him because he is a living source of salvation . " Sometimes women even focus their romantic feelings on the pastor , says Forston . "  Regardless if he 's married or not , sometimes human desires will transcend beyond certain parameters and that 's dangerous territory . Pastors are humans just like anybody else . " The Rev. Renita J. Weems , a bible scholar who holds a degree in theology from Princeton , strongly disagrees with Cooper about why many black women remain single and says she is reinforcing one message : "  It 's the black woman 's fault . " "  To claim that women are sitting in their chair getting heated about watching their preacher strut across the pulpit is illogical , " Weems says . "  The black church is not a Sunday morning sex drama . " Weems , who is African-American and has written several books on women 's spirituality , has her own criticisms of the black church . The literal interpretation of certain scriptures can lead to subjugating women , Weems says . However , positive scripture messages , about love and justice , do exist and can be used to empower women rather than keep them "  single and lonely . " Weems says Cooper fails to examine deeper threads . "  What the black church does and what religion does is helps you create core values for your life and allows you to see what you appreciate in others . "  The reason why black women who go to black churches are not married is because they are looking for certain values in a man , " Weems says . "  It is not the church that keeps them single , but the simple fact that good values are lacking in some of our men . " Choose or lose the church Cooper says her goal is to empower black women . If their strategy for meeting men is failing , Cooper offers two suggestions : Find another church or leave-and go where the boys go : tailgates , bars and clubs . "  Black women need to open their eyes . You want to know the reason why the black man is n't in church ? Because he left church to go to the Sunday football game , " Cooper says . "  Going to these sites is discouraged in the black church because these places are seen as places where ` sin dwells . ' But if women are compassionate , as the bible preaches they should be , then they need to be more open about the men they choose to date and where they might meet them . " "  I 'm not against religion , or against the church , I 'm against women limiting their choices and putting themselves in a box because they do what their church tells them to do , " Cooper says . Weems disagrees . "  Telling black women that they should spend their two hours on Sunday elsewhere and drive them away to go to the bar to find a date is not helpful to our communities . " "  Black women are the backbones of their community and without them a lot of charitable work would not get done , social justice on the ground would be diminished and outreach to poor people would be severed . " Patty Davis , the long time churchgoer in Georgia , says all the arguments over what the church preaches miss the point . What truly matters , she says , are women 's motives . "  The real question is : What are you coming to church for ? " she says . "  To feed your spirit ? Or your carnal desires ? " The church 's effect on the romantic lives of black women can not be gleaned from a mathematical equation or a select bible passage , Davis says . "  It is a woman 's own actions and decisions that will determine the outcome of her love life , not the church 's , " Davis says . "  Because the last time I checked , the church ai n't no dating service . "	Dating advice columnist Deborah Cooper : Black church keeps black women single Pew report : Nearly 55 percent of African-Americans "  interpret scripture literally " The Rev. Renita J. Weems : Black women need to understand their purpose for attending church To find a man , women must look beyond the church , Cooper says
CNN  -- His nickname on the football field was "  Der Hammer " -- apt for a man who is keen to knock down the barriers faced by gay people in sport . Thomas Hitzlsperger , a former Germany international , revealed Wednesday that he is gay , becoming the most high-profile soccer star to do so to date . The 31-year-old , who retired from the game in September , told German newspaper Die Zeit that he wants to further the debate about homosexuality in sports , which has for long been a taboo . "  I 'm coming out about my homosexuality because I want to move the discussion about homosexuality among professional sportspeople forwards , " he said in an extract prior to the publication of a full interview on Thursday . "  It 's been a long and difficult process . Only in the last few years have I realized that I preferred living together with a man . " Support was immediately forthcoming from Hitzlsperger 's former Germany teammate Lukas Podolski , who plays for English Premier League club Arsenal . He said it was "  a brave and right decision . " German national team coach Joachim Low said in a statement on the German Football Association 's website : "  Thomas has made this personal decision for himself , and should be treated with respect from all sides . " That Hitzlsperger 's legacy may come to be dominated by his decision to reveal his sexuality shows how divisive the subject remains in football . On the same day , French newspaper Le Parisien reported a documentary to be shown on Canal + featured Paris-Saint Germain defender Alex expressing his faith-based disapproval of homosexuality . The Brazilian international , who has also played for English Premier League Chelsea , is quoted as saying : "  God created Adam and Eve , not Adam and Yves . " In February last year former United States international Robbie Rogers revealed he was gay on the day he announced his retirement from the game . He subsequently signed a contract with Major League Soccer club Los Angeles Galaxy in May . Swedish footballer Anton Hysen , son of former Liverpool defender Glenn Hysen , came out in 2011 and told CNN last year he had spoken to other gay players who were too scared to do the same . Hitzlsperger said while homosexuality was generally accepted behind the scenes at clubs he played for , there were still uncomfortable moments . "  In England , Italy and Germany being a homosexual is no big thing , at least not in the dressing room , " he told Die Zeit . "  I was never ashamed of being who I am but it was not always easy to sit on a table with 20 young men and listen to jokes about gays . "  You let them get on with it as long as the jokes are somewhat funny and not too insulting . Being gay is a topic that is ` ignored ' in football and not ' a serious topic in the changing room . ' "  Fighting spirit , passion and winning mentality are intrinsically linked , that does n't fit the clichÃ © : ` Gays are soft . ' " Germany national team coach Joachim LÃ ¶ w also made a statement today , saying that "  Thomas has made this personal decision for himself , and should be treated with respect from all sides " . Hitzlsperger began his 12-year career in football at Germany 's leading team Bayern Munich , and won the Bundesliga title during a five-year stint with Stuttgart . He spent four years at English Premier League club Aston Villa , where the club 's fans bestowed his nickname "  Der Hammer " due to his powerful shot . Hitzlsperger also had spells with Everton and West Ham United in England , either side of a season back in Germany with Wolfsburg , and played a handful of games for Lazio in Italy . He represented his country at the 2006 World Cup and played in final of the 2008 European Championships , earning a total of 52 caps over a six-year period .	Former Germany international footballer Thomas Hitzlsperger comes out as gay The 31-year-old says he wants to further the debate about homosexuality in sport Hitzlsperger played at the World Cup and European Championship for Germany He said the viewpoint that "  gays are soft " was a common and misplaced clichÃ ©
At least 64 people were killed in Syria on Sunday , according to an opposition activist group , as the Arab League suspended a monitoring mission designed to protect Syrian civilians from government-sponsored violence . The dead included 19 in Homs , 15 in Hama and 16 around Damascus , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Three children were among those killed , the group said . The LCC also called on Syrians to make Monday a day a remembrance . "  Please join us in observing a moment of silence as we remember the sacrifices of our fallen heroes , whose pure blood has saturated the earth of our beloved country , " it said . Earlier , another opposition activist group , the Syrian Revolution General Council , said as many as 34 people had died Sunday , including a person who had been killed under torture , a woman and two children . Heavy clashes took place in the Eastern Ghouta area outside Damascus , the LCC said . At least 50 people were wounded in random bombardment by government forces , the group said , adding the government forces attacked residential areas and cut off electricity , water and communication . The reported deaths come a day after opposition sources said at least 98 people were killed . CNN can not independently confirm reports from Syria because the government limits the activity of journalists there . Ali Erfan , senior advisor to Arab League Secretary General Nabil el-Araby , said Sunday that observer activity in Syria has been suspended , and all observers who were outside Damascus have redeployed to the capital . Some will leave the country , he said . Others will stay on for the moment in Damascus , but they will not be conducting any missions , he said , adding that he did not have details on how many are leaving and how many are staying . Russia 's foreign minister said earlier Sunday he is in favor of boosting the number of observers in Syria , adding that he did not understand why the Arab League suspended its monitoring mission . "  We should like to understand why this useful instrument is treated in such a way , " Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said , according to reports in Russian state media . The Local Coordination Committees said two Damascus men on Sunday "  tarnished the stairway of the Russian Cultural Center in red in an expression of their anger with the Russians ' support of the regime . " It did not provide further details . The Arab League announced Saturday it was suspending its mission because of a sharp increase in violence . Monitors representing the 22-nation alliance were in Syria to determine whether President Bashar al-Assad 's government is abiding by an agreement with the Arab League to end violence against anti-government protesters . "  I would support an increased number of observers , " Lavrov said . There were reports Sunday of violent clashes between Syrian troops and rebel forces , made up primarily of military defectors , in the Damascus suburb of Ghouta , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group . Three people were killed in the violence , the group said . At least 10 Syrian troops were killed when a roadside bomb targeted a military vehicle in the mountains in the northwest province of Idlib , the Observatory group said . A rebel soldier was killed in clashes between the towns of Bloludan and Zabadani , the group said . A roadside bomb targeted a bus carrying Syrian troops in a Damascus suburb , killing six soldiers and wounding six others , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Sunday . Al-Assad 's government has been under international pressure to stop a brutal , months-long crackdown on an anti-government uprising that began last year . The United Nations , the United States , the European Union and members of the Arab League have called on al-Assad to end the violence and step down . Meanwhile , Syrian Kurdish political groups met in Iraq to formulate a plan to protect their rights if al-Assad is ousted . All but a few Kurdish parties attended the meeting in Irbil in Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish region . In their final statement Sunday , the groups agreed to support decisions and recommendations made by the Kurdish National Council . While the Syrian groups are willing to unite with the Arab opposition in Syria , they want more self-determination and autonomy in a post-Assad Syria . The Kurds also continue to reject taking up arms and say they are afraid of Islamic undertones in the opposition groups . "  We are calling for a decentralized government because Syria is a multi-ethnic and multi-religious country , " Abdul Hakim Bashar , chairman of the Kurdish National Council , told CNN . "  We demand a secular state , so Islamist movements do n't try to interpret the system for their benefits by applying Islamic rules in a disfigured way . " However , one of the main Syrian Kurdish parties , the Democratic Union Party , or PYD , said it was excluded from the meeting . "  We have been working to unite Kurdish people and converge between different views within the Kurdish movement in Western Kurdistan and Syria , " the party said in a statement . "  This conference by the Kurdistan Democratic Party is a plan to divide rather than unite the Kurdish people . " "  We alert the public that any recommendations and decisions issued by the so-called conference is not representative of the Kurdish people in Western Kurdistan , " the group said . Kurds are Syria 's largest ethnic minority , comprising between 10 % and 15 % of Syria 's population . The United Nations last month estimated that more than 5,000 people have died since March , when the government launched a crackdown against demonstrators . Activist groups estimate a higher death toll , with counts near or exceeding 7,000 people . The opposition has blamed the deaths on government actions . The Syrian government says terrorists are responsible for the casualties . Diplomats at the U.N. Security Council are considering a draft resolution that calls on al-Assad to step down and transfer power to his vice president . Lavrov said the Arab League plans to submit new proposals to the U.N. Security Council this week . "  We need to study a report , " he said , according to the ITAR-TASS news agency in Russia . Russia , which maintains trade relations with Syria , has proposed its own draft U.N. resolution that assigns equal blame for the violence on both al-Assad and the opposition , an option dismissed by the West . Lavrov said the draft resolution remains up for discussion . In October , Russia and China issued a rare double veto of a resolution that lacked sanctions but would have condemned the violence in Syria . This latest draft also lacks sanctions but is tougher than the earlier version , which said nothing about transfer of power . There will be a Monday meeting of experts from the missions of the 15 countries on the Security Council . Syrian ambassador to the United Nations , Bashar Ja'afari , has dismissed the proposed resolution . "  Syria will not be Libya ; Syria will not be Iraq ; Syria will not be Somalia ; Syria will not be a failing state , " he told reporters .	The LCC asks that Monday be a day of remembrance The opposition group says 64 are killed Sunday Russia 's foreign minister says he would support more Arab observers The Arab League suspended its mission because of violence
CNN  -- Brazilian public notary Claudia do Nascimento Domingues set off a firestorm by granting Brazil 's first civil union to a trio , an act so unprecedented that there is n't a word for it in Portuguese . Uniao poliafetiva is the label she created . "  Polyfidelitous union " is her best guess in English . The relationship involves three professionals in their 30s -- one man and two women -- who , she says , live together , love one another as equals and are like any other non-married cohabiting couple -- except they are three . What Domingues did was legally register the trio as a "  stable union , " a civil union that extends all of the benefits of marriage , though there is debate about what rights the threesome will actually enjoy . In short , it recognizes the trio as a family entity for public legal purposes . Domingues has not released the identities of the three . But not all are embracing the unique alliance . "  This union is void of any legality , " said Regina Beatriz Tavares da Silva , head of the family law committee of a lawyers ' association in Sao Paulo . Brazilian law defines marriage as a union between two people , so it is impossible for a civil union of three to be granted the rights of a marriage of two . "  It goes directly against the constitution , " da Silva said . "  Monogamy is defined as relations between two , not three or four or five . " The first-of-its-kind civil union has led to an outcry from religious groups , too . Those who fear the "  slipperly slope " feel the ground moving underneath their feet . "  The institution of family can not be defended with the approval of actions that seek to distort its definition , " the religious , conservative Plinio Correa de Oliveira Institute said in a statement . "  The purpose of this  union  is not to build families , but to destroy them . " The controversial civil union "  is proof that there is a plurality of familiar relations , though not all deserve judicial or legal standing , " Rolf Madaleno , director of the Brazilian Institute for Family Law , said in a statement . "  The action carried out does not provide protections and does not confer rights . " In his opinion , the legal action in question does nothing more than reaffirm that the trio in question believes that they are a trio . Domingues , 39 , argues that they deserve some benefits . They live together in Rio de Janeiro , they share a bank account , and they want protection in case of separation or death , she said . Brazil is known for its progressive social policies and openness , as reflected in the status conferred to the trio , though the country is stereotyped , too . While Brazil appears to be a permissive place , it is also a a country where more than 86 % of the population identifies as Catholic or evangelical . There was a similar outcry when "  stable unions " between same-sex couples were allowed for the first time . The country 's supreme court ruled that a gay couple in a civil union had the same rights as a married heterosexual couple , but there is debate about whether such rights can be extended to a trio . But to Domingues , a public notary in the city of Tupa in Sao Paulo state , there is nothing preventing nontraditional relationships from being granted "  stable union " status . The trio considers themselves a family and is entitled to be seen as such in the public record , Domingues said . "  By registering them , I only confirmed that they recognize themselves as a family , " she said . "  I do n't confer rights to them . That is up to a judge to decide . " The civil union was actually granted three months ago , but news of it only spread this week . Da Silva called the civil union "  deceitful , " a runaround to grant status to a polygamous relationship . Such relationships are n't new ; they just have n't been recognized , Domingues said . She says that she simply put her stamp of approval on a relationship that was surfing on a wave of cultural currents , but it was no coincidence that the request landed on her desk . The trio from Rio , having been rejected by other public notaries , found their way rural Sao Paulo state and to Domingues because she is a student of polyfidelitous relationships -- ones involving more than two partners , but where there is fidelity between the members . Formerly an IT manager , Domingues now is a doctoral student at the University of Sao Paulo , studying family law . Her dissertation , she said , is about "  how you can love more than one person at the same time . " Her research looks at cultures , places , sociology , anthropology , religion and the history of family and intimate relationships in Brazil . Through mutual friends , the trio found Domingues and traveled more than 600 miles from Rio , into the interior of Sao Paulo state , to Tupa . Domingues does n't hesitate to call herself married , though she and her husband are bound by a "  stable union " and not a civil marriage . Her husband works with her as a deputy public notary . "  We have had all the reactions you can imagine , " she said . Other polyfidelitous groups have reached out to her seeking the same civil union status . Domingues is studying the cases of a quintet  two men and three women  and another trio  one woman and two men  .	In Brazil , a notary has granted a civil union to unite a man and two women The public notary who approved the status says they have the right to be a family Others say it is a violation of the constitution and destroys families The notary is now studying unions for another trio and for a quintet
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- During the 1960 presidential election , Theodore Sorensen helped then-Sen . John F. Kennedy draft a speech addressing Kennedy 's Catholicism and the separation between church and state . At the time , many questioned whether Kennedy , who would go on to become the nation 's first Roman Catholic president , would be influenced by the Catholic church . Theodore Sorensen helped write John F. Kennedy 's 1960 speech on Catholicism . Speaking to CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider , Sorensen discussed Kennedy 's famous 1960 speech and compared it to the speech on faith in politics delivered Thursday by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , who would be the first Mormon in the White House if he is elected . Question : Did Kennedy 's 1960 speech win him the presidency ? Sorensen : Well , he obviously did n't lose it , nor did he free the country from the curse of anti-Catholicism . The hate mail still poured into his office . The vicious picket signs were still seen out on the campaign trail , and , indeed , on Election Day . According to a University of Michigan survey , more people voted against Kennedy because of his religion than any other reason . Nevertheless , that speech , which was nationally broadcast and frequently rebroadcast , certainly took a lot of the poison out of the anti-Catholic issue and reassured all reasonable people . Watch Sorensen discuss why Kennedy gave his speech " Q. Could President Kennedy have delivered the speech Romney gave on Thursday ? Sorensen : No . Mr. Romney 's position on many of the issues are very different than JFK 's . JFK wanted to particularly stress that he believed in the separation between church and state . He believed that no one needed to worry about a Catholic bishop or a cardinal dictating to him as a president , and that freedom of religion included freedom for those to go to any church or not to go to any church at all . So , Romney emphasized the role of religion in public life more strongly than JFK did or would have . Q. Romney seemed to differ quite strongly with Kennedy on the privacy of religion , did n't he ? Sorensen : Yes , he did . In fact , Romney felt compelled for some reason to define his personal views of Jesus Christ . Kennedy said , as you noted , his personal views of religion were totally his business and not the business of the American people . Q. Romney made the statement "  freedom requires religion just as religion requires freedom . " Do you think Kennedy would have agreed with that ? Sorensen : I do n't think anyone would disagree strongly with that . There were some lines in the Romney speech that echoed the Kennedy speech . As an old speechwriter , I would congratulate Mr. Romney . It was a pretty good speech . I think he touched all the bases he wanted to touch . Q. Romney discussed his views of Jesus Christ , something that Kennedy avoided . Why did Kennedy avoid discussing his religious views ? Sorensen : Because -LSB- Kennedy -RSB- began the speech by saying his private religious beliefs -- his relationship with God or Jesus Christ or anything else -- was not a matter of public discussion . He did not think the election should be based on -- as he said , it 's not what kind of church I believe in , the question is what kind of country do I believe in . Q. Kennedy 's speech in 1960 is widely viewed as being successful . Do you think Romney 's speech is likely to be viewed as a success ? Sorensen : I assume so . I do n't think Mr. Romney should be denied the presidency because of his religion . Just as I do n't think Senator -LSB- Barack -RSB- Obama should be denied because of his race . Or that Mrs. -LSB- Hillary -RSB- Clinton should be denied the presidency because of her gender . This country is in deep , serious trouble , and thoughtful citizens surely are going to make up their minds based on the major issues confronting the country and the major qualities of the candidates and not on such superficial tests as religion , race , or gender . E-mail to a friend	Ted Sorensen helped draft Kennedy 's 1960 speech on Roman Catholicism GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney delivers speech on faith in politics Kennedy , Romney views on religion differ greatly , Sorensen says Sorensen says Kennedy viewed religion as more of a private matter
The horrific bombing at the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday reminds us of both our physical vulnerability and the fragility of our peace of mind . Even as we grieve for the victims and worry about friends and family in the vicinity , because these were bombings -- clearly an act of terror on someone 's part -- they shake us . We are touched to the core as we have been by 9/11 . Old familiar questions that have been tamped down for years re-emerge . How do we make ourselves safe ? Can we ? And of course , we ask : Who ? Why ? For us , the first duty in the wake of the Boston attacks is to make sure that no additional related threats remain . At the same time , we must care for those injured in the attacks and the families of those who lost their lives . But 9/11 taught us one more thing . We must care for ourselves , for the truth . We must fight to retain our equilibrium and our cool . Earlier this month at a Police Executive Research Forum in Washington , police discussed an approach that law enforcement has encouraged in recent years in the event of attacks like mass shootings : Often the right thing to do is to take action , rather than run away . This makes some sense , particularly if there is a visible perpetrator to pursue or victims to aid . But in the moments after an attack , we need to remember , too , that reflection and careful , fact-based analysis is more important than reflexive acts that appear to respond to but only compound the terror and , ultimately , the costs of the attack . In the hours immediately after the Boston attacks , there were the understandable , prudent reactions . New York and Washington entered heightened states of alert . Friends and families texted and called one another asking whether their loved ones should leave Boston . No doubt others organizing public events in the next few weeks or months began to rethink their security precautions . President Obama 's brief , measured remarks expressing sympathy for the victims , resolve to seek justice and a commitment to providing full federal support for state and local authorities was a perfect example of an appropriate response . But elsewhere it was fevered . The Twitterverse exploded with graphic images and rumors and reactions and over-reactions . It captured the hysteria of a crowd , the diverse mix of healthy and unhealthy reactions , almost as a photograph would : a high resolution picture of the state of mind of countless bystanders and interested parties . Reading the tweets and the first stories , hearing of ground stoppages at airports and security moves at the White House , it was all too easy to remember the mood in the wake of 9/11 , a moment in history when justified horror fed panic . But this was translated into a crackdown on civil liberties , an unnecessary war -- and some very dark days for the United States . Tragedies like these call for swift response from police and emergency workers , not to mention Homeland Security officials . But experience tells us that the ultimate accessories to the terrorist are the innocent and well-intentioned who spread and exaggerate the terror . Just as we should track down perpetrators , we should also remember that if we remain calm and rational , we can minimize the effectiveness of these acts and in so doing make them less attractive for terrorists to undertake . This is how people in countries plagued with violence , like Israel , have long handled attacks . Be resolute about security , intelligence and enforcement . But place equal emphasis on maintaining order and ensuring the minimum possible disruption of daily life . With more than 100 casualties reported at the time of this writing , it is easy to let anguish fuel anger and worse . Sadly , we have been here before . It is time we used past lessons to ensure that we respond today and in the future better than we have in the past -- with equal parts of both purpose and perspective , with as much focus on maintaining life as usual as in dealing with its cruel disruption .	David Rothkopf : Boston blasts remind us of our vulnerability and fragility of state of mind He says first duties : Care for victims , assess threat . Then , keep cool ; this a lesson of 9/11 He says too-quick response to terror can compound its effects , encourage terrorists Rothkopf : We 've been here before . Crucial to stay calm , rational , maintain order
CNN  -- Wind power provides a fifth of Denmark 's electricity , most of it generated by giant wind farms built on land and in the country 's coastal waters . But the tiny Danish island of Samso is proving bigger is n't necessarily better by generating all its electricity using wind turbines of its own . Nineteen miles off the coast of mainland Denmark , 91 turbines reach 114 meters above the turbulent waters of the North Sea . Together they form Horns Rev 2 , the world 's biggest offshore wind farm , which can generate enough electrify to power 200,000 homes . Anders Eldrup is CEO of Dong Energy , which operates Horns Rev 2 . He told CNN that Denmark 's trailblazing efforts in wind power are the result of the country 's energy crisis during the 1970s . "  The Danes were totally dependant on oil imported from the Middle East . Suddenly there was an embargo , so no oil . We learnt the lesson the hard way that you have to have diversified supplies of energy . " The World Wind Energy Association says wind power currently provides 1.5 percent of the world 's electricity . That 's a drop in the ocean , but as a clean and renewable source of energy , wind power is receiving support from governments around the world . "  I have to admit that the reason there is a business is that there are some government subsidies attached to wind production , " said Eldrup . "  That goes for Denmark and that goes for other European countries where we are doing wind operations . " The U.S. government recently announced that its economic stimulus bill contributed to a 39 percent increase in the country 's wind power output last year , defying predictions that new wind energy output would decline because of harsh economic conditions . "  Small wind " is also being promoted , with governments encouraging individual households to produce their own wind power using micro turbines . The United States offers a 30 percent investment tax credit to people who buy micro turbines . Many other countries offer grants for installing turbines , as well as feed-in-tariff payments that allow individuals to sell the electricity they generate to their national grid network . Are wind farms an underused source of clean energy , or a blot on the landscape ? Leave your comments in the "  Sound Off " box at the bottom of this article . When it comes to small-scale renewable energy , the Danish island of Samso -- population 4,000 -- is an example to the world . Among its energy-production facilities are 11 one-megawatt turbines on the island itself and 10 more turbines within three miles of its coast . As well as using wind turbines to provide electricity , and straw-burning plants to provide heating , some islanders have solar panels on their roofs and others warm their homes using geothermal energy and the heat given off by fresh cow 's milk . Jesper Kjems , of the Samso Energy Academy , told CNN , "  100 percent of our electricity comes from onshore turbines . About 75 percent of our heating comes from heating plants and private people who have changed their oil furnaces to something renewable . "  Then we have the offshore turbines , which compensate for what we use in fossil fuels , heating and transport . All in all we send more energy to the mainland than we use . " Two of Samso 's turbines are owned by a co-operative of around 450 of the island 's residents . " -LSB- They -RSB- are the most important ones because they are the turbines that give the normal guy on the island the opportunity of investing in turbines , " said Kjems . While the residents of Samso can take advantage of their island 's blustery weather , open spaces and low-population density to be carbon neutral , the success of wind energy on a global scale may come down to simple economics . Danish company Vestas is the world 's biggest supplier of wind turbines . Its president for Northern Europe , Klaus Mortensen , told CNN , "  We are very focused on providing the lowest cost of energy . With the present system we are competitive with oil at $ 50 a barrel . " There is an expectation that prices will come down as turbines become cheaper and bigger companies throw their buying power into developing wind farms . Eldrup told CNN , "  Our initiatives , small company that we are , whatever we do wo n't change the world . "  But if we can be a good example so that some of the big guys will do some of the same things then the implications can be much bigger . That would be wonderful . " What do you think ? Should we all try to live like the Samso islanders ? Have your say by leaving a comment in the Sound off box below .	A fifth of Denmark 's electricity comes from wind power Horns Rev 2 is the world 's biggest offshore wind farm The tiny island of Samso produces all its own electricity Samso 's residents can buy shares in two of the island 's turbines
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Demonstrators entered their third day of a building takeover at UC Santa Cruz on Saturday in protest of a tuition increase , an undertaking that a school spokesman called futile . The occupation of Kerr Hall is just one of several demonstrations across University of California campuses this week after the regent 's board approved a 32 percent increase in tuition Thursday . University officials said the $ 505 million to be raised by the tuition increases is needed to prevent even deeper cuts than those already made due to California 's persistent financial crisis . Protesting students said the increase will hurt working and middle-class students who benefit from state-funded education . On the Santa Cruz campus , where building occupations began last week with a library sit-in , about 100 students staged a sit-in in the second-floor lobby of Kerr Hall soon after hearing that the tuition increase had been approved , according to UC Santa Cruz Provost David Kliger . The students made a list of 20 "  demands " detailing how they want the administration to increase funding , spokesman Barry Shiller said . But the school has no plans to negotiate the demands with the student body , he said . The school just does n't have the money , he added . School officials hope the students realize that their demonstration is "  not accomplishing anything " and is "  just a disruption " to administrative duties on campus , he said . The administration will continue to wait out the takeover , but Shiller said he is unsure of how long it will last . The school hopes the students will leave voluntarily , he said . Are you there ? Share your story , video Meanwhile , uprisings on other campuses have quieted since earlier mass demonstrations . At UC Berkeley on Friday night , 41 protesters occupying a building were arrested . Authorities decided to cite them for trespassing and release them rather than take them to jail , per an agreement with student leaders , school spokeswoman Claire Holmes said . Three students were arrested there Friday morning . Fifty-two students were arrested at UC Davis late Thursday after they refused to vacate the school 's administration building . And UCLA 's Campbell Hall was occupied for several hours Thursday evening . The angry students are condemning a nearly $ 2,000 tuition increase . The first change , which takes effect in January , will raise undergraduate tuition to $ 8,373 . The second increase kicks in next fall , raising tuition to $ 10,302 , university spokeswoman Leslie Sepuka said . Students who live on campus could pay an estimated $ 17,200 in additional fees that include the annual cost of books and housing , according to the system 's July 2008 finance guide . The January increase of about 15 percent is more than double the average public university tuition increase last year . On average , tuition and fees at four-year public universities nationwide increased 6.5 percent , or to $ 7,020 , since the previous school year , according to data from College Board . Students eligible for financial aid and whose families make less than $ 70,000 will have their tuition covered , the university said .	Students continue to occupy UC-Santa Cruz hall in protest of fee increases University officials say they need to raise $ 505 million to avoid further cuts Students issue demands to administration ; official says there will be no negotiations
London  CNN  -- Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling 's first adult novel went on sale amid a buzz of anticipation Thursday -- but reviews suggest those hoping for a repeat of the charms and wizardry of the Hogwarts books may be disappointed . "  The Casual Vacancy " is firmly aimed at those in the grown-up world , with the writer 's pen dissecting social inequality , small-town politics and snobbery -- with sex , abuse and a mouthful of swearing thrown in for good measure . Muggle moms await J.K. Rowling 's first adult book Set in the fictional town of Pagford , in western England , it centers on a local election following the death of a parish councilman -- and relies on what reviewers agree is a cast of finely drawn but generally unpleasant characters to bring this insular world to life . "  We are firmly in Muggle-land -- about as far from the enchanted world of Harry Potter as we can get , " wrote Michiko Kakutani in The New York Times . "  There is no magic in this book -- in terms of wizarding or in terms of narrative sorcery . Instead , this novel for adults is filled with a variety of people like Harry 's aunt and uncle , Petunia and Vernon Dursley : self-absorbed , small-minded , snobbish and judgmental folks , whose stories neither engage nor transport us . " The Guardian newspaper 's Theo Tait judges it "  a solid , traditional and determinedly unadventurous English novel " but praises Rowling 's depiction of the "  claustrophobic horror " of a small-town community , with plenty of scheming and "  everyone knowing everyone . " Sales of the book , which was released in paper , online and e-book form in Britain and the United States on Thursday morning , will no doubt be closely watched . But while Rowling 's publisher , Little Brown , and booksellers seem confident the tome will prove a bestseller , the mad rush and predawn lines that awaited some of the Potter releases were not in evidence . Early sales seemed slow at a central London branch of the Waterstone 's bookstore chain , where stacks of the hardback novel , with its stridently red and yellow cover , were unwrapped and ready for buyers . Opinion : J.K. Rowling explains why muggles are obsessed with class Waterstone 's spokeswoman Debs Tilley said preorders had been "  fantastic , " suggesting Rowling commands a legion of devoted readers willing to give her new venture a try , even if they 're not beating down the doors to the store . "  Having known and loved her writing for the past 15 years , the world has been waiting to see what she did next , " Tilley said . " ` The Casual Vacancy ' has reminded us all just how popular she is and how committed her fans are . " Store manager Lori Fazio of R.J. Julia Booksellers in Madison , Connecticut , told CNN that interest in the novel had been building for months , with lots of advance orders . "  People ca n't wait for this , for it to finally hit the bookstore , " she said . While the book is certainly different from Rowling 's previous works , Fazio predicts it will win fans if readers realize it 's "  an extreme opposite from Harry Potter " and go into it with an open mind . Harry Potter is certainly a tough act to follow . The seven-book series sold more than 450 million copies and spawned a multibillion-dollar film franchise . Details of the new book 's content were kept largely under wraps ahead of its release , with Rowling speaking to only a few media outlets in the United Kingdom and the United States . Those critics lucky enough to get their hands on an advance copy also had to keep their reviews on hold until Thursday . But one young woman in London told CNN why she 's looking forward to reading it . "  I think it will be really interesting to see how J.K. Rowling writes something else that is n't Harry Potter , that is n't aimed at children or young people , " she said . "  I 've heard lots about ` The Casual Vacancy ' as being a political satire and more of that , so it 's going to be nice to see if she pulls it off . " A representative for Little Brown said that presales of the novel had gone very well and that the idea behind the limited prepublication access to the book was to make it as "  normal " a launch as possible . The first print run in the United States is 2 million copies , the publisher said . But with limited information leaked beforehand , many parents will probably be wondering Thursday if the book will appeal to -- or perhaps be suitable for -- children who have grown up loving Harry Potter 's world of muggles and magic . Will J.K. Rowling net wizard profits from switch to crime ? Kakutani of The New York Times is unequivocal in her judgment . "  This is definitely not a book for children : suicide , rape , heroin addiction , beatings and thoughts of patricide percolate through its pages ; there is a sex scene set in a cemetery , a grotesque description of a used condom ... and alarming scenes of violent domestic abuse . "  The novel contains moments of genuine drama and flashes here and there of humor , but it ends on such a disheartening note with two more abrupt , crudely stage-managed deaths that the reader is left stumbling about with whatever is the opposite of the emotions evoked by the end of the Harry Potter series . " In Britain 's The Daily Telegraph newspaper , reviewer Allison Pearson notes Rowling 's use of humor -- but also paints a black image of the overall mood . "  The Casual Vacancy " is "  sometimes funny , often startlingly well observed , and full of cruelty and despair . One teenager cuts herself to relieve her misery , another commits suicide . Online pornography is described in gynecological detail , " she writes . "  It feels as if the author has unleashed all the swearing , sex and vitriol that have been off-limits to her since Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone was published in 1997 . As for the ending , dear God , it is so howlingly bleak that it makes Thomas Hardy look like PG Wodehouse . " Other reviewers bandy about big literary names such as George Eliot , Jane Austen and Charles Dickens as they dissect Rowling 's minute grasp of plot and characterization . The Financial Times calls it "  an old-fashioned novel , a thoughtful , angry and densely plotted story in the 19th-century tradition , set in a town in which class and racial divisions run deep . " Time magazine reviewer Lev Grossman finds much to enjoy in its pages , saying : "  What surprised me about ` The Casual Vacancy ' was not just how good it was , but the way in which it was good . "  I suppose I 'd expected a kind of aged-up , magicked-down Harry Potter . ... But ` The Casual Vacancy ' is a different beast entirely . It was not what I was expecting . It 's a big , ambitious , brilliant , profane , funny , deeply upsetting and magnificently eloquent novel of contemporary England . " But posing the question of whether it can ever live up to the hype , the Daily Mail 's Jan Moir says no . "  Not unless you want to have more than 500 pages of relentless socialist manifesto masquerading as literature crammed down your throat , " she writes . As for Rowling , she told the BBC that she had written the book by choice , rather than necessity , since the success of the Potter series has made her wealthy . "  I had nothing to prove . I do n't mean that in an arrogant way . I can pay my bills every day , I am grateful for that fact . I do n't need to publish , " she said . But while the novel was born of an idea that excited her and is "  personal in the sense that it deals with broad themes that have affected my life in a very real sense -- poverty for example , " Rowling thinks it likely her next book will be for children . For those yearning for a return to the more familiar territory of Hogwarts , however , the British author has little hope to offer . "  It was murder saying goodbye , but I truly -- where Harry 's story is concerned , I 'm done . Now if I had a fabulous idea , I would do it . But I 've got to have a great idea . " TIME : Review of ` The Casual Vacancy ' CNN 's Laura Mackenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : "  A big , ambitious , brilliant , profane , funny , " upsetting and eloquent novel , says one critic "  The Casual Vacancy " is J.K. Rowling 's first book for adults The plot centers on a local election in a fictional small English town "  This is definitely not a book for children , " writes New York Times reviewer
CNN  -- A snowmobiler remains in critical condition after an accident at the X Games Aspen , his family said Monday . Caleb Moore , 25 , was competing in the snowmobile freestyle final Thursday in Aspen , Colorado , when he came up short while trying to do a back flip . The front skis of the machine clipped the landing hill and Moore shot forward over the handlebars . The 450-pound snowmobile struck him as he slid down the hill and the machine tumbled over him . "  The Moores want to express their gratitude to all of Caleb 's fans , friends and family for their strong support and ask for continued prayers in the coming days , " the snowmobiler 's family said in a statement . St. Mary 's Hospital did n't immediately respond to CNN 's inquiry into Moore 's condition . The family statement said Moore was being "  closely monitored . " Moore 's brother Colten also was involved in an accident during Thursday 's event . He was released from the hospital Saturday , according to his Facebook fan page . Colten Moore encouraged fans to pray for his brother . "  We continue to fight and pray for him , " he wrote on Facebook . The X Games Aspen features competitors in snowmobiling , snowboard and skiing events . 2012 : X Games begin with a tribute to Sarah Burke	NEW : Brother of injured rider encourages fan to pray for him Caleb Moore was competing in the snowmobile freestyle event He was trying to do a back flip with his machine when he came up short Moore was struck by the machine while falling down the landing hill
London  CNN  -- A former editor for the News of the World was released without charge Friday by British police hours after he had been taken into custody , but was told to report back to police in October . Andy Coulson was arrested earlier Friday in connection with allegations of phone hacking and corruption in a case that promises to be a growing political liability for Prime Minister David Cameron , whom Coulson had served as press secretary . "  I came in today voluntarily as I have been offering to do in the last few months , " Coulson told reporters outside Lewisham Police station . "  There is an awful lot I would like to say but I ca n't . " The newspaper 's former royal correspondent , Clive Goodman , was also taken into custody Friday . Metropolitan police would not say whether he was released , but implied that was the case . In a statement , police said that a 53-year-old man had been arrested in connection with corruption allegations and was released . Goodman , 53 , had been sentenced to four months in prison in 2007 over the phone hacking . Another arrest occurred Friday night , when police said officers from the Operation Weeting team had arrested a 63-year-old man at a residence in Surrey on suspicion of corruption . The team is conducting the phone hacking investigation . The scandal has prompted questions over the British prime minister 's judgment in hiring Coulson after he resigned as editor of the News of the World because of the allegations . Speaking shortly before his former aide 's arrest was announced , Cameron went on the defensive at a Downing Street news conference Friday , saying : "  The decision to hire him was mine , and mine alone . " He said he gave Coulson a second chance after receiving assurances that he had not been involved in wrongdoing at the newspaper . Coulson had resigned from the News of the World after its then-royal editor , Goodman , and a private investigator , Glenn Mulcaire , were jailed for intercepting voice-mail messages left for royal aides . Coulson denied knowledge of their activities . Asked about media reports of a search of the offices of the Daily Star , where Goodman now works , police said there was an ongoing search of business premises in central London , but did not confirm that the Daily Star building was involved . Meanwhile , prosecutors have asked Strathclyde Police in Scotland to look into allegations of phone hacking and data protection breaches "  in light of further emerging developments regarding the News of the World . " Earlier Friday , Labour leader Ed Miliband called on Cameron to admit the "  appalling error of judgment " he had made in hiring Coulson and to apologize for bringing him into the heart of government . Cameron used his address to call for full inquiries into the phone hacking scandal , urging a broad reform of the press . He said the News of the World turmoil "  is not just about journalists on one newspaper , it 's not even just about the press -- it 's also about the police and about how politics works , and politicians too . " A fresh start is needed , he said , after decades in which politicians from the Labour and Conservative parties grew too close to the news media . "  This is a wake-up call , " he said . "  It 's on my watch that the music has stopped and I 'm saying loud and clear that the relationship has to change in the future . " Cameron also referred to Rebekah Brooks , the embattled chief executive of News International and former News of the World editor who is said to be a friend of Cameron , saying that he would have accepted her reported offer to resign . News International is the parent company of New of the World . The prime minister said the full public inquiry into wrongdoing at the paper should be led by a judge to ensure its impartiality , with "  no stone left unturned . " But it will not begin until after a police investigation into alleged criminal activity has concluded . However , he said , a second independent inquiry into "  the culture , the practices and the ethics of the British press " should begin as soon as this summer and look into a new system of regulation . The public has been let down by the police , the politicians who represent them and the news media , Cameron said , and he promised to do everything he can to give people a press that is "  clean and trustworthy . " On Thursday , the News of the World 's parent company , News International , announced that Sunday 's edition of the scandal-hit tabloid will be its last . The move followed accusations that the News of the World illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terrorist victims , politicians and celebrities , and claims it may have bribed police officers . Police said Thursday they had identified almost 4,000 potential targets of hacking . If Coulson is implicated , the fallout could have damaging consequences for Cameron . He is close to current and former top officials at News International , former Tony Blair spokesman Alastair Campbell told CNN Thursday . Miliband said Cameron must "  come clean " about any conversations he may have had with Coulson about phone hacking , before and after Coulson was appointed communications chief . Coulson resigned as editor in January 2007 after Goodman and Mulcaire were jailed . After he moved to his communications role with the Conservative Party , the scandal resurfaced . Coulson was questioned by police in November and resigned from his Downing Street position last January , despite the Crown Prosecution Service ruling that there was "  no admissible evidence " to bring criminal charges . Miliband said the system of self-regulation through the Press Complaints Commission has failed . He described the press watchdog as a "  toothless poodle " in need of reform . A new body with more independence is needed , he said , to restore the reputation of British journalism . He also said politicians must take some of the blame for letting the news media gain too much power . "  For too long , the political class have been too concerned about what people in the press would think and too fearful of speaking out " rather than standing up for the rights of the people , he said . And he urged senior executives at News International , including the chairman , James Murdoch , to take responsibility for the scandal . "  I welcome James Murdoch 's admission of serious errors . But closing the News of the World , possibly to reopen as the Sunday Sun , is not the answer . Instead , those who were in charge must take responsibility for what happened . " The scandal has heightened debate over a proposed takeover of broadcaster BSkyB by News Corp. , which owns News International . All are part of the media empire of Rupert Murdoch , father of James Murdoch . Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt will consider the impact of the News of the World 's closure as he reviews its bid for BSkyB , his department said . Miliband joined other members of parliament in expressing concern over the deal , saying it has "  significant implications for media ownership in Britain " at a time when public confidence in News Corp. executives is low . James Murdoch said Thursday , in announcing the shutdown , that the scandal had "  sullied " News of the World and "  has no place in our company . " And paying out-of-court settlements to some victims was "  wrong and a matter of serious regret , " he said . The paper 's roughly 200 employees are now out of jobs , but are free to apply for other positions within News International , the company said . The layoffs have angered union representatives . On Wednesday , Rupert Murdoch called allegations against his flagship Sunday paper "  deplorable and unacceptable . " News of the World was the first British national newspaper Rupert Murdoch bought , in 1969 , as he began to propel himself from Australian newspaper proprietor to international media magnate . In addition to owning News of the World , News International owns the Sun , the Times and the Sunday Times in Britain . Murdoch 's News Corp. also encompasses Fox News , the Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Richard Allen Greene and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : Police make another arrest Friday night Andy Coulson , former communications chief for PM , told to report back in October Prosecutors ask police in Scotland to look into specific phone hacking claims The offices of another paper in central London are reportedly searched by police
CNN  -- A last-gasp goal from Swedish international midfielder Pontus Wernbloom saw CSKA Moscow earn a 1-1 Champions League last 16 home draw with Real Madrid on a freezing cold night in the Russian capital . Wernbloom , making his debut for the club following his recent transfer from Dutch club AZ Alkmaar , was on hand to fire home from close range in the third minute of injury time , after Alexei Berezutsky 's cross from the left had caused uncertainty in the Real Madrid defense . The goal came somewhat against the run of play , with Jose Mourinho 's side appearing to comfortably deal with both the extreme weather and the artificial pitch in the Luzhniki Stadium . Real came into the match in sparkling domestic form , holding a 10-point lead over rivals Barcelona in the Spanish La Liga title race . And they began well in front of a partisan 63,000 crowd , with home keeper Sergei Chepchugov pulling off a great double save from Gonzalo Higuain and Sami Khedira . However , Chepchugov could do nothing to prevent the visitors taking a 28th-minute lead , as Ronaldo found the net with a powerful drive after Zoran Tosic failed to clear Fabio Coentrao 's cross from the left . The second half proved a cagey affair , although CSKA 's Japanese midfielder Keisuke Honda tested goalkeeper Iker Casillas with a fierce free-kick . And , with time nearly up , Wernbloom pounced to deny Madrid victory -- although the nine-times champions are still the heavy favorites to progress to the quarterfinals following the second leg in two weeks ' time . Mourinho told reporters : "  CSKA are difficult opponents and this was a difficult match . In Madrid , the weather conditions and the pitch will be completely different but I expect a tough battle there also . "	Real Madrid are held to a 1-1 Champions League draw at CSKA Moscow A last-gasp goal from Pontus Wernbloom earns the home side a vital draw Cristiano Ronaldo had fired the Spanish giants into a first-half advantage
CNN  -- GQ summed it up with one word : "  No . " But , yes , the Internet has been buzzing about a new movement in men 's fashion . A movement so horrible it sort of makes me want to have a "  movement " of my own . Though , that might just be bad tilapia . Here , we 're talking about leggings . For men . Also known as meggings . With an M. And that 's how you know something might possibly be a bad idea -- when you have to gender-specify the word with a different first letter . Like a "  murse . " There 's actually a lot of gray area when it comes to the man purse . It 's practical as hell . But it 's also ... well ... a man-purse . And some guys have a problem calling it that . George Carlin once said , "  If you ca n't handle the word , do n't even carry the bag . It 's a purse . I got one . What 's the big deal ? " Then he went into a delightfully raunchy joke about somebody 's mother . I miss George . A lot . Nevertheless , in regards to meggings , GQ is n't buying what Drunk Fashion God is selling . And , mind you , there really is a Drunk Fashion God . He 's the same guy who , 20 years ago , gave us Zubaz . And his most recent project is outfitting Justin Bieber . Drunk Fashion God also happens to be good friends with Simply Ca n't Be Bothered Fashion God , who I pray to every time I put on another worn-out plaid flannel shirt . He always responds back with , "  That 'll do . " So , I 'm certainly not one to judge . I pretty much look like a homeless man , and when I go to a nice function , I step it up to homeless man who happened to find a navy blazer on the sidewalk . Inevitably , somebody will say , "  Oh , you clean up nicely ! " And then I spend 30 minutes stuffing my face and growling at people in the buffet line . But , how could I know if meggings were for me unless I actually tried them on ? I may not be very trendy , but I do have an open mind . And for the sake of quality investigative journalism I was originally going to don them for an entire day in public and report back on the experience . However , when it came time to actually pull the trigger , I figured there 's no way I could , in good conscience , buy , wear , and subsequently return something that spent more than three hours tightly hugging my gonads . "  Sir , was there anything wrong with these ? " "  WAS there ? No . " So , instead I just sat around the house watching SportsCenter in a pair of old long johns . And you know what ? I 'm in . Seriously . This is pure quality . Maybe not as a fashion statement that I 'd proudly wear out to a symphony or even , say , the VD clinic , but I simply could n't be more comfortable than I was in a T-shirt and tights . Of course , these long johns also had the absolutely , positively , no-questions-asked requisite "  escape hatch . " So , you could n't really bust them out in public anyway . Thus , I 'm not sure they officially qualifying as meggings . Still , though . I get it . And so do a lot of other people . But meggings are n't just about pure comfort . Otherwise , society would simply give them the sweatpants treatment : You 'd see a guy , long past the age of maturity , walking around town in a pair of tights and you 'd say , "  Yup . That man loves Arena Football . " But that 's not the case . The reason everyone online is talking about these things is because meggings have recently become a legitimate fashion trend . And that 's where we have to agree to disagree . This ca n't happen . It all just seems a little too Euro-weird , and any mildly-rugged dude knows he 's engaging in questionable taste if he does something that makes Christiano Ronaldo say , "  Yes . This I like . " But , sadly , meggings may have actually started right here in America . Tom Teodorczuk of The Telegraph in the U.K. wrote , "  The bad news is they are on their way to Britain : Uniqlo is already selling them on its British website , and their success in New York is seen as an indication they will also prove popular here . " So , perhaps we 'll never really understand where it all started . But from skinny jeans to meggings , the only thing we know for sure  but not really  is that the world 's collective sperm count is slowly being compromised in the name of men 's fashion . And as these sexy hipsters ultimately fail to multiply , future generations will arise from the great cradle of loose-fitting sweatpants . The only real winner will be Arena Football .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at items trending online This week Jarrett looks at the rise of "  meggings . " GQ has one word for the men 's pants style : "  No " But , darn it , they 're probably comfortable , Jarrett says
CNN  -- I am proud to be English . I am also proud to be British . In fact I define myself as a British European . This means I am happy to support England in football matches , support Team GB at the Olympic Games and support Europe in the Ryder Cup golf tournament . When you write this all down , it looks a little complicated , but in practice millions of people do this every year in the UK with no problem -- some supporting in the way I do , some supporting Scotland , others Wales , and so on . I love the vibrant , tolerant , diverse , confident , nation that the UK now is . In so many places I travel to in the world , people are struggling to find a way of working together , but we 've developed this character and human skill over three centuries in our United Kingdom : It is a precious thing and worth standing up for . With just days to go , on September 18 , Scotland will vote on whether it wants to stay in the United Kingdom family or leave to form a separate country . It 's a huge decision , especially for those in Scotland but also for everyone in the rest of the UK . Whatever the result of the referendum , it will have a resounding impact on all of us -- how we see ourselves , our culture and our future . I feel it would be for more positive for Scotland to remain an important and integral part of the UK and I wanted to say so publicly . That 's why I am happy to support the "  Let 's Stay Together " campaign to say to everyone in Scotland just how much we do appreciate them being part of the UK family . The campaign brings together a wide and diverse group of people from all walks of life -- both famous and not -- to show Scotland just how much we do care . The UK would feel a deep sense of loss if Scotland left Great Britain . You could ask , why should an English person have any views on this ? Well as a member of the United Kingdom , I feel I have the viewpoint of a fellow UK family member . Also , I have performed in most major towns and cities across Scotland and I ran eight marathons through Scotland holding the Saltire , the flag of Scotland . And it 's not just me . There are millions of people in the United Kingdom who feel like this , who care about Scotland and want it to remain within the union , but whose voices have n't been heard . Of course , I fundamentally believe in the right of those in Scotland to determine their own future and will fully respect the decision , whichever way the vote goes . But it 's also true that everyone else in the UK will also find big changes in their lives , and I think it 's important that we think about our combined goals and future . To my thinking , Scotland can have the best of both worlds : It can have its own parliament , its own strong voice and its own cultural identity . And at the same time it can also have the strength , the security and the stability of being within the UK . At the 2012 Olympics , the whole of the Great Britain team was fighting so hard to win medals and had such a positive spirit . It was beautiful . If Scotland leaves , we 'll never have that again . There are very strong economic reasons for staying together , but there is something even deeper that binds England and Scotland . It 's like a beautiful and long-lasting relationship . We 've overcome a lot to get where we are , we do care about each other despite our tiffs , and I believe the future is much better with us working together . We do amazing things when we 're together and I ask anyone who feels the same to visit letsstaytogether.org.uk . WATCH : Brian Cox and Rory Stewart debate independence READ MORE : Actor Brian Cox on why Scots should vote ` Yes ' READ MORE : Scottish independence - what you need to know	Voters in Scotland to decide on country 's independence on September 18 Comedian Eddie Izzard supports "  Let 's Stay Together " campaign Referendum "  will have a resounding impact on all of us -- how we see ourselves " By staying in the union , "  Scotland can have the best of both worlds , " says Izzard
CNN  -- Check your ground beef before you grill out this Memorial Day weekend . The USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service says stores in nine states may have received beef contaminated with E. coli O157 : H7 . The service announced this week that 1.8 million pounds of ground beef products were being recalled because they could be contaminated . The federal agency has since named retailers that may have received the tainted products . Some are as follows : • Gordon Food Service Marketplace stores in Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Tennessee and Wisconsin • Giorgio 's Italian Delicatessen in Stuart , Florida • M Sixty Six General Store in Orleans , Michigan • Buchtel Food Mart in Buchtel , Ohio What government tests found in your meat A representative for the U.S. Department of Agriculture said the meat is being removed from store shelves . But consumers should return or throw out meat that has the code EST. 2574B and a production date between March 31 and April 18 , 2014 . The ground beef is sold under a variety of labels , according to the USDA , but comes from Wolverine Packing Co. in Detroit . "  While none of the Wolverine Packing product has tested positive for the pathogen implicated in this outbreak , the company felt it was prudent to take this voluntary recall action in response to the illnesses and initial outbreak investigation findings , " Chuck Sanger , a spokesman for Wolverine Packing , said in a statement . Eleven people across four states are suspected to have been sickened by the product , according to the USDA . Ten of those people were sickened after eating at restaurants that received contaminated meat . But federal officials say regulations prohibit them from naming those restaurants . "  People who were exposed were already exposed , so it does n't help the public to tell them now that a certain restaurant was associated with these illnesses , " said David Goldman , assistant administrator for the Office of Public Health Science at the USDA . "  Our job really is to identify product that may still be available . " According to what officials received from the company , he said , the meat went to many states . "  The number changes . Yesterday , it was on the order of nearly 40 states , but we do n't -- that number changes . That 's part of the process too , is to identify where the food -- the meat in this case -- was actually distributed , " Goldman said . A list of stores released Wednesday is not final , a Food Safety and Inspection Service representative said . More establishments will be added as the USDA continues its investigation . The recall was categorized by the Food Safety and Inspection Service as "  Class I " : a health hazard situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious , adverse health consequences or death . E. coli is a large group of bacteria that live in the intestines of people and animals , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Certain strains cause gastrointestinal illness in humans , with symptoms such as abdominal pain and diarrhea . An estimated 265,000 infections occur in the United States each year , the CDC says . People usually get sick three to four days after ingesting the bacteria and recover on their own . Young children , pregnant women , the elderly and people who have weakened immune systems  like cancer or HIV patients  are at greater risk for severe illness and death . The best way to avoid getting sick is by washing hands frequently when preparing food and avoiding cross-contamination by washing cutting boards , counters and utensils with hot , soapy water . Properly washing hands after using the bathroom and after coming into contact with animals or being in their environments -- anywhere there may be traces of feces -- also helps . Cooking meats thoroughly to at least 160 °F or 70 ˚C kills the bacteria and prevents infection as well . Using a meat thermometer will most accurately help you determine that the food is thoroughly cooked . Eatocracy : Do n't get sick from your picnic Food Safety and Inspection Service officials said in a news release that the agency is continuing to work with state and federal public health partners on the investigation and provide updated information as it becomes available . After CNN exclusive , USDA probing ` personnel issues ' in meat recall How 9 million pounds of bad meat escaped into the food supply Food safety tips from a pro CNN 's Chris Frates , David Fitzpatrick , Jacque Wilson , Miriam Falco , Elizabeth Cohen , William Hudson and Stephanie Smith contributed to this report .	A list of retailers is not final , a representative says 1.8 million pounds of beef recalled for E. coli risk Recalled cases were from Wolverine Packing Co. . Food Safety and Inspection Service identifies stores in nine states
London  CNN  -- British field hockey authorities have been forced to apologize "  unreservedly " to South Africa after an old national anthem from the days of apartheid was played before an international game this week . Great Britain Hockey called the mistake "  sensitive " and "  unfortunate . " "  It was completely shocking , " the chief executive of South Africa hockey said of hearing the pre-1994 anthem "  Die Stem " being played before Tuesday 's game in London . "  I thought , ` What is that ? ' And when I listened further , I realized it was ` Die Stem . ' I could n't believe my ears , " Marissa Langeni said Thursday . Some of the younger players on the team did n't even know what song was being played , she said . The anthem dates from the days of white minority rule over South Africa . A new national anthem , "  Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika , " meaning "  God Bless Africa , " was added alongside it when Nelson Mandela became president in 1994 , and the two songs were combined in 1997 . "  For the majority of South Africans , we do n't relate to that anthem , " Langeni said . "  It was the anthem of a small section of our community . It 's as good as not having played an anthem . " "  If they flew the old flag of the country , I would be equally surprised , " she said . Tournament organizer Great Britain Hockey on Wednesday published "  a full and unreserved apology to the South African women 's hockey team and their supporters for mistakenly playing the wrong national anthem before South Africa 's match with Great Britain . " GBH Chief Operating Officer Sally Munday blamed the mistake on "  a contractor responsible for sports presentation at the event . " She said organizers had not checked the anthem in advance and took full responsibility for the mistake . Langeni said she was very satisfied with the apology , calling the error "  a bit of an administrative blunder . " South Africa beat Great Britain 3-1 in an upset .	South Africa 's field hockey team is shocked to hear an old anthem being played The song dates from the era of white minority rule before Nelson Mandela became president British hockey apologizes "  unreservedly " for the mistake
CNN  -- Schapelle Corby , the Australian serving time in a Bali , Indonesia , prison on a conviction of drug smuggling , has had her jail term cut by five years . Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 's decree to reduce the former beauty therapist 's 20-year jail sentence to 15 years arrived in a letter on Monday , according to Amzer Simanjuntak , a spokesman of Denpasar District Court . The decree was dated May 15 and also stipulated that the original 100 million Indonesian rupiah  US$ 10,700  fine still had to be paid , the spokesman added . Before entering Kerobokan prison to visit her on Wednesday , Corby 's sister , Mercedes , expressed gratitude for the decision . "  Our family would like to say , ` Thank you , ' to the Indonesian president , " she said . "  We now hope to get more information about possible parole for Schapelle , and we hope to get positive news on that . She is very happy . ' The appeal for clemency , which Corby filed on the basis of a medical examination that diagnosed her as suffering from acute depression with psychotic symptoms , comes nearly seven years to the day of her sentencing . Corby , now 34 , was convicted in May 2005 for smuggling nine pounds  4.1 kilograms  of marijuana in a bag while arriving at Bali 's Denpasar International Airport the previous October . She has always maintained her innocence , saying that she was the victim of a drug smuggling operation . Aside from whether Corby will be eligible for parole -- and if so , where she would serve it -- the timeframe for her release remains unclear because of remissions granted for good behavior . A spokesperson for Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said , "  Should Ms. Corby 's legal team apply for parole , the Australian Government would support it . " Indonesia 's Justice and Human Rights Minister Amir Syamsuddin on Wednesday linked Corby 's case to that of "  hundreds of " Indonesian inmates in Australia held in trafficking cases and said he hoped they would get similar attention . "  Especially the underage children , whose number are quite many , " he said . In addition to those cases , Amir cited Corby 's illness during imprisonment and lighter sentences imposed by other nations on marijuana possession convictions as factors that the government weighed in granting Corby clemency . Meanwhile , Australian Foreign Minister Bob Carr said there is no link between the Corby case and the release of convicted Indonesian human traffickers , including three from a Western Australian prison last Friday amid concerns they were minors . "  If there were no Schapelle Corby in a Balinese prison we 'd still be releasing minors , kids on fishing boats who 'd been collected through people smuggling , " he said to reporters Wednesday in a video broadcast by Australia 's ABC News . "  We 'd be releasing them because it is plainly indecent to have in Australian adult jails kids from Indonesia who have been picked up on fishing boats being misused for people smuggling . "  At no stage has the Government sat down with our Indonesian counterparts and said , ` We 'll release minors from our jails , if you consider a clemency application by Ms. Corby . ' " Journalist Rudy Madanir contributed to this report .	NEW : Decree , dated May 15 , says $ 10,700 fine must be paid , court spokesman says Corby appealed for clemency , citing medical examination finding Corby 's release date , eligibility for parole remain unknown Australia 's foreign minister : Corby case , release of convicted Indonesians not linked
CNN  -- Buy a $ 175,000 package to attend the Oscars and you might buy yourself trouble , lawyers for the Academy Awards warn . The 81st annual Academy Awards will be held on February 22 from Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre . The advertising of such packages -- including four tickets to the upcoming 81st annual Academy Awards and a hotel stay in Los Angeles , California -- has prompted the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to sue an Arizona-based company . The Academy accused the company Experience 6 of selling "  black-market " tickets , because tickets to the lavish movie awards show can not be transferred or sold . Selling tickets could become a security issue that could bring celebrity stalkers or terrorists to the star-studded event , says the lawsuit , which was filed Monday in federal court in the Central District of California . "  Security experts have advised the Academy that it must not offer tickets to members of the public and must know identities of the event attendees , " the lawsuit says . "  In offering such black-market tickets , defendants are misleading the public and the ticket buyers into thinking that purchasers will be welcomed guests , rather than as trespassers , when they arrive for the ceremony . " Experience 6 did not return calls from CNN for comment . On Tuesday morning , tickets to the event were still being advertised on the company 's Web site . The Oscars will be presented February 22 from Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre . The Academy Awards broadcast will air on ABC . Hugh Jackman is scheduled to host .	Academy sues Arizona-based company over sales of Oscar packages Tickets to lavish movie awards show can not be transferred or sold , Academy says Package includes four tickets to 81st annual Academy Awards , L.A. hotel stay Selling tickets could become a security issue , according to lawsuit
CNN  -- While most eyes will be on the likes of Tiger Woods , Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer at the World Match Play this week , Italian teenager Matteo Manassero will be making his own slice of history in Tucson . At the tender age of 17 years and 310 days , he will become the youngest player to line up at a World Golf Championship event as he surpasses Japan 's Ryo Ishikawa , who was 18 and 153 days old when he debuted in last year 's tournament . Manassero , the European Tour 's 2010 rookie of the year , faces a tough task on Wednesday against U.S. Ryder Cup veteran Steve Stricker , at 44 the second-oldest player in the elite 64-man field . But having finished tied for 36th in his only other U.S. appearance at the Masters last April , he is expected to hold his own against nine-time PGA Tour winner Stricker , the event 's 2001 champion . Manassero has already won his first senior title , at the 2010 Castello Masters , and his rise has impressed fellow young star Rory McIlroy -- who reached the Match Play quarterfinals as a 19-year-old in 2009 . "  Yeah , I played Matteo this morning and it 's hard to believe he 's in this tournament as a 17-year-old . It 's pretty incredible , really , " the Northern Irishman told the PGA Tour website . "  And there 's so many young guys coming through , all guys that are 21 and younger . It 's great for the game of golf , it makes it a little more exciting . " McIlroy is up against American Jonathan Byrd in the 16-man Gary Player bracket , which also sees Germany 's world No. 2 Kaymer take on 19-year-old South Korean Noh Seung-yul , the 2010 Asian Tour money leader . Top-ranked Englishman Westwood plays Sweden 's 2007 winner Henrik Stenson , like Manassero-Stricker in the Bobby Jones group along with Ishikawa 's match against South African Charl Schwartzel . World No. 4 Phil Mickelson faces Australian Brendan Jones in the Ben Hogan bracket , where defending champion Ian Poulter takes on American Stewart Cink . Woods is a three-time World Match Play champion but has not won the tournament since it moved to Dove Mountain 's Ritz-Carlton Golf Club in 2009 . The American , who has dropped to third in the rankings after a winless past year , will play Denmark 's Thomas Bjorn in the Sam Snead group , which also features two-time runner-up Paul Casey . The Englishman , beaten in last year 's final by compatriot Poulter , is drawn with Australian left-hander Richard Green . Casey 's conqueror in 2009 , Australia 's two-time winner Geoff Ogilvy , faces three-time major champion Padraig Harrington of Ireland in the same quarter of the field . Each elimination match is played over 18 holes , with the winners progressing until Sunday 's final -- which is worth $ 1.4 million to the champion , out of a total prize pool of $ 8.5 million .	Matteo Manassero will become youngest golfer to play at a World Golf Championship event The 17-year-old Italian will beat the 2010 record of Japan 's Ryo Ishikawa Manassero plays the oldest man in the field , 44-year-old American Steve Stricker The elite 64-man field is seeking to claim the $ 1.4 million for the winner of Sunday 's final
CNN  -- My favorite thing about New York City is that there are so many different ways to live here . As I love to tell first-time visitors and far-flung friends who ask me why I 'd choose to make my home in such a crowded , expensive , dangerous , stuck-up , difficult place : first of all , it chose me ; and second , it 's what you make it . Depending on your means and motivations , you could spend your days on the floor of the Stock Exchange , basking in the bright lights of Broadway , stoop-sitting in the East Village , hawking fish in Hunts Point , maxing out your platinum card on Fifth Avenue or selling arepas under the 7 train after the nightclubs let out in Jackson Heights , Queens . There are as many New Yorks as there are New Yorkers . Or at least there were . Today there are two : those with power and those hunkering down in the dark . When Superstorm Sandy savaged much of the Eastern Seaboard on Monday night , it swallowed up lives and livelihoods and homes , and left the United States ' most populous city with widespread electrical outages , and effectively landlocked . The disconnect is sharp , eerie and painfully familiar for longtime New Yorkers who have weathered all manner of wounds to our city . Victims fall to Mother Nature 's wrath I 'm writing this from my well-lit and warm apartment in Brooklyn , as I wait for my husband to ferry my friend Sarah and her dog Sheldon here from their home in Manhattan . While we were lucky enough to suffer only power flickers and some overturned plants , Sarah rode out the storm in her Stuyvesant Town apartment , just blocks from where a transformer exploded in a power plant in the height of the storm . Sarah has been without electricity , running water , heat or much in the way of communication , and she 's uncertain what she 'll find -- other than total loss and an astonishing stench -- when she 's finally able to re-enter the walk-in refrigerator of her East Village restaurant . And yet , in the face of loss of possessions , inventory , revenue and shelter , she 's expressed just one emotion , gratitude , and one impulse -- to help others . And there 's a lot of help needed here . Those in the dark zone -- effectively Manhattan below 40th Street and areas of Brooklyn and Queens , especially along the waterfront -- who have been able to send up occasional digital flares have painted a dire picture of what 's going on around them . "  Isolated , no power , work coming , " reads a tweet from Jayelle â $	CNN 's Kat Kinsman finds her beloved New York City in dire straits after Superstorm Sandy Those with power and amenities can do only so much to help less fortunate neighbors The divide is stark between those able to communicate and residents who are shut off Kinsman invited residents to share Sandy impressions using the hashtag #sandy5words
CNN  -- For Capt. Kamaljit Singh Kalsi , a doctor , and 2nd Lt. Tejdeep Singh Rattan , a dentist , this is a hill worth fighting for . Tejdeep Singh Rattan , left , and Kamaljit Singh Kalsi are set to report for duty in the U.S. Army in July . These two U.S. military recruits of the Sikh faith are challenging an Army order that they remove their turbans and cut their unshorn hair and beards when they report for active duty in July . In Sikhism , which originated in northwestern India , the turban and unshorn hair are articles of faith and ca n't be removed . But the U.S. military says there are times when the military can not accommodate certain religious practices , "  such as when those religious observations would interfere with the wear of proper military headgear or protective clothing or equipment . " "  It does n't make sense to me , especially in these hard times , " Kalsi told CNN . "  The military is hurting for professionals . They need doctors , they need nurses . " Aided by the Sikh Coalition , a national civil rights group , and a law firm , the men have filed requests that their religious needs be accommodated . They have filed appeals with their immediate superiors and complaints with the inspectors general of the Army and the Pentagon . The Sikh Coalition said Kalsi and Rattan had been assured that when they were recruited to join the Army 's Health Professions Scholarship that their unshorn hair and turbans "  would not be a problem . " "  Both men were both recruited and commissioned -- with their Sikh articles of faith -- during their respective first years of medical and dental school  2001 and 2006  through the Army 's Health Professions Scholarship Program . "  Both are concluding their training and are slated to begin active duty in July 2009 . However , the U.S. Army is now disputing their ability to serve with their Sikh identity intact , " the Sikh Coalition said in an April 14 letter addressed to Defense Secretary Robert Gates . Amardeep Singh , the head of the Sikh Coalition , told CNN that the issue at hand involves observant Sikhs , not those Sikh-Americans who entered the military after removing their turbans and shaving their beards and hair . The issue is all-important for the roughly 500,000-strong American Sikh community , which faced hostility after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , when people associated them with al Qaeda terrorists because their turbans and beards resembled the militants ' appearance . "  The perception is still there , " said Singh . "  We 're sort of still feeling it . " He said surveys -- including one done recently in Queens , New York , where children reported being on the receiving end of verbal and physical abuse -- chronicle the problems Sikhs face . "  These kids are being harassed in New York . It 's Queens , the most diverse county in the United States . If this is happening in Queens , it 's happening in other parts of the country . " So , he said , the opportunity to serve in the U.S. Army sends the opposite message -- "  that we are part and parcel of the fabric of this country . " Kalsi , Singh and the Sikh community stress the Sikhs ' military heritage . Kalsi , for example , is the fourth generation in his family to serve in the military , and his ancestors served in India 's military . The Sikh served in allied forces in the two world wars and they serve in the militaries of Great Britain , Canada , Sweden , Pakistan , as well as India . The coalition notes in its letter to Gates that a Sikh doctor and dentist were serving in the Army , "  grandfathered in under the old policy " that ended in the 1980s when observant Sikhs were barred from admission to the armed forces . Lt. Col. Christopher C. Garver , an Army spokesman , told CNN in an e-mail that "  the Army places high value on the rights of Soldiers to freely observe the tenets of their respective religions . " "  Accommodation of a Soldier 's religious practices must be examined against military necessity and can not be guaranteed at all times , " he wrote . "  There are times when the Army can not accommodate for religious reasons , such as when those religious observations would interfere with the wear of proper military headgear or protective clothing or equipment . "  The Army regulations which establish the standards of wear and appearance of the uniform and accommodating religious practices are in accordance with the Department of Defense Instruction on this subject , " he said . But the Sikhs want the Army to rethink and reconsider their situation . "  If they can come up with another policy that would allow Sikhs to serve , I guarantee you , they will have many , many people join from the Sikh community , " Kalsi said .	Two recruits of Sikh faith set to report for duty in U.S. Army in July The Army says they must remove their turbans , cut their hair and beards Sikh group says the Army should accommodate the religious articles of faith Army says problem arises when religious practices interfere with military gear
Madrid  CNN  -- The youngest daughter of Spain 's King Juan Carlos wo n't appeal preliminary charges against her for alleged financial crimes , and will give unprecedented testimony before a judge on February 8 , a court and her lawyers said Monday . Princess Cristina will be the first direct member of Spain 's royal family to testify in court while facing preliminary charges for a crime , Spain 's royal household confirmed . Her husband , Inaki Urdangarin , the King 's son-in-law , already faces preliminary charges in the same case . He testified last February about his business dealings and the alleged diversion of public funds that have been at the center of a judge 's investigation . The princess and her husband , through their legal teams , deny any wrongdoing . Judge Jose Castro is leading the investigation at a local court in Palma de Mallorca , in Spain 's Balearic Islands . In April , the magistrate brought preliminary charges against the princess in this case , but they were dropped in May after prosecutors appealed to a provincial court , citing insufficient evidence . But Castro continued his investigation and on Tuesday , in a 227-page order , again leveled preliminary charges against her . Before that , prosecutors said publicly they would oppose the renewed preliminary charges . On Tuesday , the princess 's lawyers vowed to appeal again to a provincial court . But in recent days , there was a sudden change of position . In a prepared statement Saturday , the princess 's lawyers said that an appeal of the preliminary charges would have "  collateral effects " for the princess by dragging out the process and that she had decided to "  appear voluntarily " before the judge , who initially set March 8 as the court date . On Monday , the judge told reporters that given the new situation , he felt obliged to move up the court date , to February 8 . That 's a Saturday , and , as with her husband last year , authorities think a weekend day is a better time for the court appearance in central Palma de Mallorca , given the intense media attention , a court spokeswoman said . The case centers on Urdangarin 's nonprofit foundation , which obtained public contracts from regional governments to stage sports and tourism events . The judge is investigating whether some of those funds were diverted for private use . The judge wants to question the princess about alleged tax fraud and money laundering through a company she had with her husband . He seeks to determine how much knowledge or participation the princess may have had in this company 's activities , according to the court order last Tuesday . The preliminary charges eventually could be dropped , but a filing of indictments would set a trial in motion . Urdangarin , an Olympic medalist in handball , was granted the title of duke of Palma when he married Princess Cristina in 1997 . The fraud scandal has created unprecedented problems for Spain 's popular royal family and kept the country riveted . There have been open calls for the King , 76 , to abdicate in favor of his son , Crown Prince Felipe , 45 , who is seen as untouched by this and other scandals . But the royal household has said the King does not plan to abdicate . In April , the royal household revealed that it had asked the government in February 2013 to include the monarchy in a new law on transparency -- regarding financing and other activities . The government approved the law in September .	Princess Cristina , King Juan Carlos ' youngest daughter , wo n't appeal preliminary charges She 'll be first direct royal family member to testify in court amid preliminary charges for a crime Husband , Inaki Urdangarin , also faces preliminary charges in the case ; both deny wrongdoing Judge is investigating whether funds from Urdangarin 's nonprofit went for private use
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Family members of Meredith Kercher said Saturday they were satisfied with the verdict that found American Amanda Knox and her Italian ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , guilty of the fatal knifing of the British student . "  Ultimately we are pleased with the decision , " said Lyle Kercher , Meredith Kercher 's brother . "  But it was not a moment of celebration . We are here because our sister was brutally murdered . " The victim 's sister , Stephanie Kercher , talked Friday about her family 's grief . "  Our lives have been on hold , really . You ca n't really carry on as normal , " she said . "  You have to take each day as it comes . It 's not ever going to be the same without -LSB- Meredith -RSB- . " Knox and Sollecito were found guilty of murder Friday after a lengthy , sensational trial . Knox was given a 26-year sentence ; Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years . Both will appeal , attorneys said . Knox and Sollecito were convicted on all charges except theft . The pair was accused of staging a theft to cover up the killing . Authorities said 300 euros  about $ 444  was discovered missing from Kercher 's purse . The pair must pay 5 million euros  $ 7.4 million  to Kercher 's family . In addition , Knox must pay 40,000 euros  nearly $ 60,000  to a man whom she falsely accused of the killing . One of Knox 's sisters said Saturday that Amanda "  had a rough night . " Her mother , Edda Mellas , said , "  She had a lot of support . The inmates and the guards were all taking great care of her . They care a lot . "  Amanda , like the rest of us , is extremely disappointed -- upset about the decision , " Mellas said . "  We 're all in shock ; we 're all heartened by the support " that she said residents of Perugia and other Italians had shown . "  People from all over the world have been sending us messages of support all through the night , " Mellas said . "  We told her she 's going to get out of there . It 's -LSB- just -RSB- going to take a little longer . " Sollecito 's lawyer , Luca Maori , criticized his client 's punishment -- less than the life sentence the prosecution requested but far short of exonerating Sollecito -- as making no sense . "  For the grave crimes they claimed , you either sentence them to life . ... or you acquit . There is no middle way , " Maori said . Public prosecutor Giuliano Mignini told CNN he feels he presented a strong case . He said about 20 magistrates worked alongside police during the investigation . However , he said that in the face of the planned appeals , clearly the conviction is not final . Learn how the murder case played out People who disagree with the verdict should at least respect it , because so many professionals were involved in the investigation , Mignini said . "  I believe , evidently , that they think there was violence . They are the deputies who establish the foundation " of charges , he said . "  And they did this . " The victim 's mother said she believed the defendants were guilty of the slaying . "  You have to go with the evidence , " Arline Kercher said . Take a look at the evidence against Knox Knox 's lead defense attorney , Luciano Ghirga , said that when he met with his client Saturday morning , she was angry and continued to proclaim her innocence . He told CNN the situation has been a trying experience , and Knox hardly slept Friday night after the verdict . She was consoled by the other prisoners , who managed to get her a cup of warm milk , Ghirga said . The jury reached its verdict after deliberating nearly 11 hours on the 11 counts . Jurors must submit an explanation of how they reached their decision to the judge within 90 days , and this "  jury motivation " will be made public . Prosecutors had asked for a sentence of life in prison . Italy does not have the death penalty . CNN 's Richard Greene and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Sentence makes no sense , co-defendant 's lawyer says Knox , her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito sentenced for Meredith Kercher 's murder Appeals mean convictions not final , Italian prosecutor says Meredith Kercher 's sister : "  It 's not ever going to be the same "
CNN  -- America 's foreign policy has gone into a tailspin . Almost every major initiative from the Obama administration has run into sharp , sometimes embarrassing , reverses . The U.S. looks weak and confused on the global stage . This might come as happy news to some opponents of the administration who enjoy seeing Barack Obama fail , but it should n't . America 's failure in international strategy is a disaster-in-the-making for its allies and for the people who see the U.S. model of liberal democracy as one worth emulating in their own nations . There is no question that Obama was dealt a difficult hand . He came to office after America 's international standing was battered by the unpopular Iraq war launched by George W. Bush . Since then , countless events outside of Washington 's control have presented the White House with options ranging in many cases from bad to worse , and problems that had no good solution . Still , trying to count the ways in which foreign policy has gone badly for Obama makes for a stunningly long list . Relations with Russia have fallen off a cliff , making the theatrical "  reset " of 2009 look , frankly , cringe-worthy . No , it 's not all Obama 's fault . Putin has sought to belittle the U.S. and humiliate Obama personally , a man he reportedly despises , as part of his campaign to build up his authoritarian rule at home . Obama just canceled a summit meeting after Putin -- incredibly , posing as the great defender of freedom -- granted asylum to NSA leaker Edward Snowden despite the very public pleas from Washington , which only made the U.S. look more powerless . You might confuse the times with the old Cold War days , but back then the U.S. looked mighty -- one of two awe-inspiring superpowers . The U.S. does n't exactly inspire awe anymore . Obama dramatically warned Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad , as he slaughtered his people by the thousands , that if he used chemical or biological weapons , he would cross a "  red line . " The line was crossed and not much happened . Syria is crumbling , self-destructing in a civil war that I , for one , believe could have turned out quite differently if Washington had offered material and diplomatic support for moderates in the opposition . Fears that the opposition would be dominated by extremists became a self-fulfilling prophecy . Syria 's war has sucked in Lebanon 's Iran-backed Hezbollah militia , taking Lebanon to the edge of disaster and making Iran a major player in a war for the survival of the anti-American Shiite axis -- Iran-Syria-Hezbollah -- while the U.S. , to all appearances , stands helplessly on the sidelines . But it is Egypt where America 's foreign policy fiasco is most visible . It was in Cairo in 2009 , where the newly elected Obama , still reflecting the glow of sky-high expectations , launched his campaign to repair relations with the so-called "  Muslim World . " His landmark "  New Beginning " speech in Egypt was cited by the committee that awarded Obama the Nobel Peace prize . Nobody knew what would happen in Cairo 's Tahrir Square a few years later . But today , the same people who yearned for democracy despise Washington . When Egyptians elected a Muslim Brotherhood president , Washington tried to act respectfully , but it showed a degree of deference to the Muslim Brotherhood that ignored the ways in which the group violated not only Egyptians ' but America 's own standards of decency and rule of law . As tensions in Egypt grow between Islamists on one side and the military and anti-Islamists on the other , there is one sentiment shared by all : Both sides feel betrayed by Washington . Egypt 's most powerful man , Gen. Abdel Fatah al-Sissi , said , "  You -LSB- the U.S. -RSB- left the Egyptians ; you turned your back on the Egyptians , and they wo n't forget that . " The awkward dance around whether to call Egypt 's overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy a coup made Washington look dishonest and incompetent , especially when Secretary of State John Kerry accidentally went off script during an interview in Pakistan , saying the military was "  restoring democracy . " Just as the Arab uprisings were unfolding , the U.S. announced a major new policy , the "  pivot " to Asia , with new attention to China 's rising power . But the pivot proved premature . The Middle East demanded American attention with increasing urgency . Then there 's al Qaeda , all but given up for dead , now apparently resurrected . More than a dozen U.S. embassies stand shuttered across the Middle East and Africa , the world 's last remaining superpower symbolically cowering behind locked gates . The scare came from what could be counted as a victory for U.S. intelligence , reportedly the result of communications surveillance . And yet , one wonders whether telling the world that the U.S. successfully listened in on al Qaeda 's leaders is n't an absurd mistake . But Washington is on the defensive , trying to explain to the world that the surveillance is still necessary . Everyone , it seems , is angry at the U.S. after Snowden 's revelations of NSA spying . Even Germany , one of America 's closest friends , can not hide its irritation . Bolivia is furious after the presidential plane was forced to land on suspicions that Snowden was aboard . America 's diplomatic disaster is the result of ham-handed efforts to please all sides , compounded by a failure to explain America 's position in a coherent way . In fact , there is no driving idea behind the country 's foreign policy . What does America stand for in the world today , can anyone answer that question ? The problem , ironically , is tailor-made for none other than President Obama . Although there is no denying that he bears the brunt of the responsibility for the problem , he is someone who has shown a talent for distilling overarching ideas from competing narratives . It is time for a real reset , for a pivot . It is time for Obama to spend some time thinking about what America stands for , what its goals are and then explain it in a clear and credible way . Even if we disagree with his conclusions , at least there will be a North Star guiding his policies . Obama 's supporters and his critics should hope he can pull America forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : The U.S. looks weak and confused on the global stage Ghitis : The ways in which foreign policy has gone badly for Obama makes for a long list She says relations with Russia have fallen off a cliff ; leaders in Egypt do n't trust us Ghitis : Obama should spend some time thinking about what America really stands for
Islamabad  CNN  -- "  Terrorism and violence can not be permissible in Islam , " Tahir ul Qadri told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in 2010 after declaring a Fatwa on terrorism . The bold pronouncement thrust Qadri into headlines worldwide and led to an invitation to speak at the prestigious World Economic Forum and United States Institute for Peace . Two years on , the religious cleric has resurfaced in Pakistan , demanding free and fair elections , after spending the last six years living in Canada . Qadri has come a long way since his time as a parliamentarian during General Pervez Musharraf 's regime in the early 2000s . After promoting his agenda from abroad -- speaking out in videos and books -- he is now back in the political spotlight in his home country , calling for a caretaker administration to take the government 's place and carry out election reforms ahead of an upcoming vote . According to Qadri , the composition of the caretaker government should be decided with the input of the judiciary and the military . But in a country with a history of military coups , Qadri 's mention of the army in the electoral process set off alarm bells with the current government and opposition who quickly reassured the Pakistani people that nothing would stand in the way of timely elections and the democratic process . Some Pakistanis have suggested Qadri is working on behalf of the military -- an allegation he denies . He maintains that he is working only to ensure a corruption-free electoral process . Qadri threatened that unless his election reform demands were met by Thursday , he would stage a "  Million Man March " to the capital , paralyzing the city with thousands of supporters . "  We will not succumb to these illegal demands , " Senator Rehman Malik , Pakistan 's Interior Minister told media Thursday , in anticipation of the protest , which is expected to arrive in Islamabad on Monday . Malik said he would not allow the rally to enter downtown Islamabad as it posed a security risk and would disrupt business operations in the city ; he said the Pakistani government had cordoned off sensitive areas of Islamabad . "  The residents of Islamabad are scared that mobs will raid their houses and there will be violence and murder , " Malik said . "  I will hold Qadri personally responsible if there is any violence or murders during this rally . " Malik announced last week that he had intercepted intelligence that the Pakistan Taliban was planning to attack the gathering on Monday . Despite criticism from the government , Qadri seems intent on marching to the capital , spending millions on prime time television advertising to urge others to join him . "  We are expecting one to two million people who will join the march " , Shahid Mursaleen , spokesman for Tahir ul Qadri , told CNN . "  We plan on removing the barricades put up by the government and we will remain in the city whether it is -LSB- for -RSB- two days or 30 days , until our demands are met , " Mursaleen said . However , just two days before the planned march on Islamabad , the only political party supporting Qadri 's march , the Mutahida Qaumi Movement  MQM  , a coalition partner in the current government , pulled its support . Supporters maintain that Qadri is only trying to make a positive change in a country that is in need of help . They point to his welfare organization , called Minhaj ul Quran , which promotes "  true Islamic teachings . " According to its website , it has up to 280,000 members worldwide and works to build madrassahs around the country to teach young children the Quran . The "  Million Man March , " which is expected to reach Islamabad on Monday , could be a game changer , analysts say , because it could have a major impact on the democratic process -- but whether the outcome of that would be positive or negative at this crucial time for Pakistani politics is still unclear .	Religious cleric Tahir ul Qadri to lead mass march to Islamabad He returned to Pakistan from self-imposed exile in Canada Critics are skeptical as to Qadri 's intentions ; he says he wants change He 's spent millions on prime time advertising calling on support for the march
Atlanta  CNN  It was a scene worthy of any top cop show on TV -- bullets flying , banged-up cars and the FBI chasing an armed robbery suspect . In the end , two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured . FBI agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old Kevone Charleston of Austell , Georgia , as he pulled into a CVS pharmacy in Forsyth County , Georgia , early Saturday . Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013 , according to FBI officials . "  The incident all happened around 7 o'clock Saturday morning , " said FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett . "  There were multiple agents and officers that were following him based on his prior MO , and when they saw he was about to rob another CVS , they moved in . " Authorities say Charleston parked his vehicle nearby and then popped the hood as if there were something wrong . Then he walked to the CVS , preparing to enter . When agents confronted him , Charleston ran , got in his car and traveled about 75 yards as agents opened fire . "  There were several FBI vehicles that were rammed or were hit by the suspect 's vehicle when he was trying to flee . One government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side , and another government SUV ended up on its side . That 's how the two agents sustained their injuries , " Emmett said . Twelve FBI agents and six government vehicles followed Charleston . Emmett said Charleston "  was trying to get away , our agents were trying to stop him . He collided with the first government vehicle , the Taurus , then the second , and the SUV ended on its side . "  The perp was stopped 8 feet away in the median , and that 's where he received his gunshot wounds . " The two agents were treated at an area hospital and released , according to Emmett , who says "  they are fine . " Charleston was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers , but his injuries are not life threatening , according to Forsyth County Sheriff 's Deputy Robin Regan . Although he declined to give details of the 32 previous robberies , Emmett said it was an intensive investigation that was already underway as a priority for the FBI 's violent crimes and major offender squad . He added , "  His MO involved armed confrontations , so our officers went into this fully prepared for an armed confrontation based on his past history . " Emmett says he 's relieved that the FBI 's officers and agents are OK and that the suspect is in custody . He said it was the "  conclusion of an intensive and lengthy investigation . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Ryan Scallan contributed to this report .	FBI agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an FBI stakeout Two FBI agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight
CNN  -- Great Britain 's rhythmic gymnastics team has won an appeal against a decision by its own federation to exclude them from the London 2012 Olympics . British Gymnastics ruled that the team had missed an agreed qualifying standard at the Olympic test event in North Greenwich area January . But the team appealed to independent arbitrator Sports Resolutions UK , who overturned the decision Monday . The British Olympic Association has now to inform the world governing body of gymnastics , the FIG , that Britain will be taking up the host nation spot . The argument between the rhythmic gymnastics squad and its federation centered on the target of 45.223 points . The British team fell agonizingly short of that mark in qualifying where it was intended to be met to mirror the Olympic experience . But in the final day of the test event , the team scored 47.200 and appealed the decision on that basis . Team captain Rachel Smith said they will now focus on making Britain "  proud " at the summer Games . "  We went into the competition thinking we could get the score on three days and we 're really sad that it happened but on the bright side it has raised the profile of the sport , " she told the Press Association . "  We want to prove to everyone that we do deserve to be there and to make the country proud . " British Gymnastics has accepted the appeal decision .	Great Britain 's rhythmic gymnastics team win crucial appeal Team can now compete in the 2012 London Olympics British Gymnastics had ruled they missed qualification target Independent arbitrator overturns that decision
Rolling Stone  -- It 's one thing to sing about a motorcycle , and it 's another to sing about a unicorn . But when you put your motorcycle song and your unicorn song in the same song ? And call it "  Highway Unicorn  Road to Love  " ? Now that 's a pop visionary . Lady Gaga knew it was time to crank up the crazy , and she did n't hold back : "  Born This Way " is her Eighties arena-rock move , going for maximum goth Catholic bombast . The whole album thumps like the soundtrack to a lost "  Eddie and the Cruisers " sequel , one where Eddie gets crucified by Roman soldiers , while Gaga stands under the cross weeping and sending dirty texts to the DJ . "  Born This Way " has all the electro-sleaze beats and Eurodisco chorus chants that made her the Fame Monster . But the big surprise is the way Gaga pillages the Bon Jovi , Pat Benatar and Eddie Money records of her childhood . In the 1980s , radio was full of tormented Catholic kids , from Madonna to Springsteen . Gaga clearly grew up on that stuff . She does n't just give her Springsteen homage "  The Edge of Glory " a sax solo -- she gets Clarence Clemons himself to play it . Exclusive : How E Street Band Saxophonist Clarence Clemons Ended Up on Lady Gaga 's New Album All over "  Born This Way , " she takes on the big topics dear to her heart : sex , religion , muscle cars , her hair . She sings in French , German , Spanish and whatever language wants to claim "  punk-tious . " She seduces men , women , deities and dead presidents .  "  Put your hands on me/John F. Kennedy " -- hey , it rhymes .  And in "  Heavy Metal Lover , " Gaga purrs the immortal pickup line "  I want your whiskey mouth/All over my blond south . " Some songs are already familiar -- at this point you could hum the Tarzan-boy yodels of "  Judas " in your sleep . But the singles gain resonance on the album , where they 're surrounded by similar-minded psychosexual turmoil . "  Born This Way " pulls an expert  expletive  - stole-my-look on Madonna 's "  Express Yourself . " But that is n't even the most brazen Madonna rip here : That honor goes to "  Judas . " And if you thought the Catholic angst of "  Judas " was over-the-top , check out "  Bloody Mary , " where Gaga does the Stations of the Cross to a Chic bass line . Lady Gaga 's ` Born This Way ' : A Track-by-Track Breakdown What makes "  Born This Way " so disarmingly great is how warm and humane Gaga sounds . There is n't a subtle moment on the album , but even at its nuttiest , the music is full of wide-awake emotional details . The friendliest cut is "  Yoü & I , " her love song to a "  cool Nebraska guy . " She has been playing it live for a while , but who knew she would let Mutt Lange put "  We Will Rock You " drums all over it ? Or bring in Queen 's Brian May to play guitar ? All that excess just amps up the emotion in the song , especially when Gaga wails , "  There 's only three men that I 'm - a serve my whole life/It 's my daddy and Nebraska and Jesus Christ . " Gaga loves overheated cosmic statements for the same reason she loves dance pop and metal guitars -- because she hears them as echoes of her twisted rock & roll heart . That 's the achievement of "  Born This Way " : The more excessive Gaga gets , the more honest she sounds . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	What makes "  Born This Way " so disarmingly great is how warm and humane Gaga sounds The album thumps like the soundtrack to a lost "  Eddie and the Cruisers " sequel The more excessive Gaga gets , the more honest she sounds
CNN  -- Fresh off the news that it 's reached a huge milestone -- 1 billion users -- Facebook on Thursday rolled out a video comparing the social network to other things that bring people together . Like airplanes . And bridges . And chairs . Yep ... chairs . The video , posted by CEO Mark Zuckerberg and other Facebook brass on their pages , came as the site announced it had reached 1 billion accounts that are active at least once a month . It took the social media juggernaut six years to hit 500 million and only another two to double that . Zuckerberg said the video , titled "  The Things That Connect Us , " is the first time Facebook has ever created a "  brand video " and that it is designed "  to express what our place is on this Earth . " "  We believe that the need to open up and connect is what makes us human , " he wrote . "  It 's what brings us together . It 's what brings meaning to our lives . " The 90-second video takes the unlikely tack of comparing the site , famously birthed in Zuckerberg 's Harvard dorm room , to everyday items . It begins with the image of a red chair levitating in a forest , but quickly moves on to show other chairs being used as children play and adults rest , dance and chat . "  Chairs are made so that people can sit down and take a break , " the narrator says over a stirring musical arrangement . "  Anyone can sit on a chair . And if the chair 's large enough , they can sit down together and tell jokes , or make up stories or just listen . " Doorbells , airplanes and bridges "  are things people use to get together so they can open up and connect about ideas and music and other things people share , " the narrator continues . In a universe that can make us feel alone , "  maybe the reason we make all these things is to remind ourselves that we are not , " the video concludes . Marketing analysis site Ad Age reported that Facebook does n't plan to air the ad on television , instead using it on its own advertising platforms and a website that anyone can visit . While it 's a celebration of the milestone , Facebook also clearly hopes the ad will help attract its next billion users . Facebook plans to advertise in 13 markets -- the U.S. , UK , France , Germany , Italy , Spain , Mexico , Brazil , India , Philippines , Indonesia , Japan and Russia . "  We 're creating this for our users , but we think it 's a message that will be interesting and relevant to non-users as well , " Rebecca Van Dyck , Facebook 's head of consumer marketing , told the site . "  We feel like we need to be respectful and introduce ourselves and to say ` This is what we believe in ' and ` Come on board . ' "	Facebook celebrates 1 billion users with new video The 90-second ad compares the site to other things that bring people together Among them : bridges , airplanes and chairs CEO Mark Zuckerberg : Connecting with others is "  what makes us human "
A strong earthquake shook central Japan on Saturday night , injuring dozens of people and destroying homes in a well-known ski resort , authorities said . Reports differed on the intensity of the quake , centered in a remote mountainous area of Nagano prefecture . The Japan Meteorological Agency reported it was magnitude 6.8 ; the U.S. Geological Survey  USGS  said it was magnitude 6.2 . One of the hardest hit areas was the skiing village of Hakuba , where at least seven housing and storage structures collapsed . Seven of the 39 people hurt in the quake suffered serious injuries , Nagano prefectural police said . Japanese television stations carried images of landslides that had cut off roads and railroads , as well as flattened houses and warped highways . More than 300 rescue workers were deployed to search for people trapped in collapsed homes . Authorities said the rescue operation was completed . No electric facilities , including nuclear power plants , were damaged , the Tokyo Electric Power Co. said via Twitter Saturday . Aftershocks followed the main quake Saturday night , including one measured at magnitude 4.1 , the Japan Meteorological Agency said .	Thirty-nine people are injured , seven of them seriously , police say The quake destroys homes in a popular ski resort in Nagano prefecture No electric facilities were damaged , power company says Quake reported at 6.8 magnitude by Japanese agency ; USGS says it was 6.2
For years , China has talked about promoting "  green growth . " But this probably is n't what they had in mind . For the seventh year in a row , monstrous quantities of green algae known as enteromorpha prolifera have sprouted in the coastal waters near Qingdao , China . But this year 's growth , covering 28,900 square kilometers  11,158 square miles  , is the biggest outbreak ever recorded , state-run news agency Xinhua reported . The previous record was 13,000 square kilometers  5019 square miles  in 2008 . Swimmers and beachgoers were pictured frolicking among the stringy piles of slime , while bulldozers attempted to scoop it away . Chinese officials have blamed past algae outbreaks on unusually warm seas . Dr. Christopher Bolch , an algae expert at the University of Tasmania , says the explanation does n't hold water . "  You may get faster growth rates with higher temperatures , but you ca n't get such large amounts of biomass without access to nutrients , " he explained . According to Bolch , massive algae blooms feed off of high levels of nitrites and phosphates in the water , which typically comes from agricultural waste , industrial pollution , or human sewage from highly populated areas . Enteromorpha is "  fairly benign , " said Bolch , but can harm marine ecosystems . Algae blocks sunlight from reaching aquatic life , reduces oxygen levels , and emits bacteria when the algae dies and rots . Similar but more dangerous types of aquatic growths , such as phytobacteria or dinoflagellates , can produce harmful toxins and posion people . "  They should consider themselves quite lucky that it 's not one of those , " said Bolch . Chinese state media reported that the seaweed began proliferating on June 5 , and that local governments had "  taken measures " to minimize the impact to marine ecosystems . Officials reported that they had removed around 7,335 tons of algae . Bolch said enteromorpha typically does not cause health problems in humans , but "  large concentrations of anything can be problematic . " There could be a risk of skin inflammation , said Bolch . "  If you were stupid enough to go in , I would n't go in naked . " In 2012 : Melting Arctic ` blooms ' with algae	Coastal waters near Qingdao covered with 28,900 sq km of green algae Largest outbreak seen by local officials , doubling previous record in 2008 Scientist says algae is caused by pollution and sewage in water Algae ` generally not harmful ' to humans , but scientist urges caution
CNN  -- Arctic reindeer herders in northern Scandinavia are getting a view from space to help them look after their herds as the region copes with climate change . Snow worries : Satellite maps of snow coverage and melt can help reindeer herders . Using satellite-based snow melt maps supplied by the European Space Agency  ESA  backed program Polar View , herders are able to view the depth of snow and judge where the best foraging spots are to take their reindeer . "  Snow is of paramount importance for reindeer herding , because its quality determines whether reindeer are able to access the pastures that lie beneath it for much of the year , " Anders Oskal , the Director of the International Center for Reindeer Husbandry  ICR  told the ESA . "  Detailed circumpolar snow information is , thus , becoming increasingly important following the recent changes in the Arctic climate . " Oskal is working with Sámi reindeer herders in Finnmark , Norway , to help them maintain and develop sustainable reindeer husbandry . According to Oskal , Finnmark is the area of Norway that is predicted to experience the largest temperature increases , raising concerns about whether ice layers will form over pastures preventing reindeer from foraging . Under the Polar View initiative , Kongsberg Satellite Services  KSAT  have been providing snow melt maps for Norway and Sweden , as well as snow cover maps for Eurasia , for the last 18 months . The ICR partnered with Polar View in a trial of the maps to examine how satellite observations could help by gathering information on snow change in a timely manner for such vast circumpolar regions . "  The experience so far has definitely been positive , and the reindeer herders are extremely interested in the future utilization of Polar View products that can relate important information about local snow conditions , " said Oskal . "  These products could have important consequences for herders ' decisions regarding winter pasture quality and potential migration routes . " In addition to climate change , reindeer herders also have to face a loss of pastures because of infrastructure development , such as roads , hydroelectric power dams and cabin resorts . The same technology would help the ICR to monitor the different forms of land-use change over time .	Sámi herders using satellite-based maps of snow to judge best areas Climate change has made it harder to find foraging spots for reindeer herds Technology could also be used to monitor land-use change over time
Washington  CNN  -- As President Barack Obama gets ready on Wednesday to spell out White House proposals to curb gun violence , three new national polls indicate a majority of Americans support most gun control measures . But they are divided by political party , gender , age , race and education over some of the proposals . The polls released this week came one month after a gunman killed 26 people , including 20 children , at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . The tragedy seemed to be make an impact . By a 51 % -45 % margin , Americans questioned in a new Pew Research Center poll say it 's more important to control gun ownership than to protect gun rights . An equal 51 % questioned in a new United Technologies/National Journal Congressional Connection survey say controlling gun ownership is more important than protecting the right of Americans to own firearms . And by a 52 % -35 % margin , a new ABC News/Washington Post survey indicates the public says it is more likely to support some forms of gun control after last month 's massacre . Support for gun control rose after last summer 's mass shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , theater and the January 2011 shooting of then-Rep . Gabrielle Giffords and others in Arizona but not at the same rate as after the Newtown tragedy . Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday But the country is still divided on the issue . "  Support for gun control is rising modestly since last month 's shootings , but still largely divides the country close to 50-50 , " CNN Senior Political Analyst and National Journal Group 's Editorial Director Ron Brownstein said . And that split follows the same track demographically as the split in last November 's presidential election . "  There is strong support for action on guns inside the modern Democratic coalition of minorities , millenials and college educated white women and strong opposition among blue-collar and rural white voters , " Brownstein added . "  At the national level that means Democrats were wrong to conclude this issue was a loser after Vice President Al Gore was defeated in the 2000 election . Democrats were paralyzed by the fear of losing voters they had largely already lost and failing to respond to the voters who actually vote for them . " The divide is also apparent when it comes to specific proposals to limit gun violence that are being considered by the president . White House press secretary Jay Carney said Tuesday that Obama would spell out his proposals on gun-control legislation and executive actions on Wednesday . NRA membership up 250K in last month According to the Pew survey , 85 % of the public backs making private gun sales and purchases at gun shows subject to background checks , with comparable support across party lines . It 's a similar story in an ABC News/Washington Post poll , where nearly nine in 10 favor such background checks , with broad backing from Democrats , Republicans and independent voters . The Pew poll indicates that eight in 10 favor laws to prevent mentally ill people from purchasing guns , again with bipartisan support . And a United Technologies/National Journal Congressional Connection survey finds nearly six in 10 backing the banning of bullets that explode or penetrate bulletproof vests , with majority support across party lines . But on other proposals where there is overall majority support , such as creating a federal database to track gun sales , bans on assault style weapons , high capacity ammunition clips , and online ammunition sales , the polls indicate wide differences of opinions between Democrats and Republicans . The president says when it comes to gun violence , he 's not concerned about politics . "  My starting point is not to worry about the politics but to focus on what makes sense and what works , " Obama said at a Monday news conference . But the polls indicate that the divides on the issue are not just Democrat vs. Republican . New York to pass nation 's first gun control bill since Newtown shooting The National Journal poll indicates that those ages 18-29 are most supportive of stricter gun control , and that minorities overwhelmingly favor prioritizing gun control over gun owners rights , with 52 % of white respondents saying protecting gun ownership is most important . The Pew survey indicates that men are divided on this question , while a solid majority of women say it 's more important to control gun ownership . There 's also a sizable gender gap over a ban on semi-automatic weapons , with two-thirds of women supporting such a move and men divided . According to the ABC News/Washington Post poll , 44 % say there is at least one gun in their home , and that those people are less supportive of a number of the anti-gun violence measures being proposed . The powerful National Rifle Association is fiercely opposed to any ban on assault-style weapons . The ABC News/Washington Post poll indicates 36 % of the public has favorable views of the group 's leaders , with 44 % saying they have an unfavorable view , and one in five saying they have no opinion on the NRA 's leaders . Thirty-eight percent say the NRA has "  too much influence , " with 24 % feeling it has "  too little " influence , and three in ten saying the organization has the right amount of sway . Last month the NRA proposed placing armed security guards or police in the nation 's schools . Fifty-five percent of those questioned in the ABC News/Washington Post survey and nearly two-thirds of those questioned in the Pew poll support that suggestion . But the Pew survey highlights an educational divide on the question . Fewer than half of college graduates support a proposal to put armed guards or police in more schools , while three-quarters of those with no more than a high school education favor the idea . Biden spoke with Newtown families , son says	Three new national polls indicate a majority of Americans support most gun control measures Polls divided by political party , gender , age , race and education over some proposals Pew Survey : 85 % of the public backs background checks on private gun sales and at shows ABC/Wash Post poll : 44 % of people who own at least one gun less supportive of proposals
CNN  -- The biggest case of the Supreme Court 's term involves a three-headed , hot-button appeal combining abortion rights , religious liberty , and Obamacare . It 's also the last one , and a ruling is due on Monday . The legal and social pique may not reach the heights of two years ago when the justices narrowly preserved the Affordable Care Act and its key funding provision in a blockbuster ruling . But the stakes are still large , and the decision could serve as a primer for other pending challenges to the health law championed by President Barack Obama and in play as a campaign issue this midterm season . The issue before the justices is whether Obamacare can mandate contraception coverage specifically for certain businesses that object for religious reasons . "  This case is n't that practically important , except for the employees and businesses involved . There just are n't a huge number of those , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com and a Washington appellate attorney . "  But everyone can agree the social questions presented -- about when people can follow their religious convictions , and when people are entitled to contraception care -- are truly important , " he said . Hundreds of advocates and demonstrators representing both sides are expected to rally in front of the courthouse on Capitol Hill . Contraception mandate The section of law in dispute requires for-profit employers of a certain size to offer insurance benefits for birth control and other reproductive health services without a co-pay . A number of companies equate some of the covered drugs , such as the so-called "  morning-after " pill , as causing abortion . The specific question presented was whether these companies can refuse , on the sincere claim it would violate their owners ' long-established moral beliefs . The First Amendment says that "  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . " "  How does a corporation exercise religion ? " asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor at March 's oral arguments , summarizing perhaps the key constitutional question at hand . "  This is a religious question and it 's a moral question , " added Justice Samuel Alito , suggesting the businesses have such a right . "  You want us to provide a definitive secular answer . " Conestoga , Hobby Lobby The justices have a good deal of discretion to frame the competing issues and could reach a limited "  compromise " through narrow statutory interpretation . They could conclude individual owners can make the religious freedom claim , bypassing the corporate rights argument , but still give female workers the flexibility to get covered drugs . The court weighed two related appeals from Conestoga Wood Specialties , a Pennsylvania cabinet maker , and Hobby Lobby , an Oklahoma-based retail giant that will have more than 700 arts-and-crafts stores nationwide by year 's end . Both corporations emphasized their desire to operate in harmony with biblical principles while competing in a secular marketplace . That includes their leaders ' publicly stated opposition to abortion . The case presented a complex mix of legal , regulatory , and constitutional concerns over such thorny issues as faith , abortion , corporate power , executive agency discretion , and congressional intent . Health law impact The political stakes are large , especially for the future effectiveness of the health law , which marks its fourth anniversary this year . The botched rollout last fall of HealthCare.gov , the federal Obamacare website , has become another political flashpoint along with other issues that many Republicans say proves the law is unworkable . They have made Obamacare a key campaign issue in their fight to overtake the Senate , and retain control of the House . Supporters of the law fear a high court setback on the contraception mandate will lead to other healthcare challenges on religion grounds , such as do-not-resuscitate orders and vaccine coverage . More broadly , many worry giving corporations religious freedom rights could affect laws on employment , safety , and civil rights . The abortion link The Hahn family , owners of Conestoga , and the Green family , owners of Hobby Lobby , said some of the mandated contraception prevent human embryos from being implanted in a woman 's womb , which the plaintiffs equate with abortion . That includes Plan B contraception , which some have called the "  morning after " pill , and intrauterine devices or IUDs used by an estimated 2 million American women . A key issue for the bench has been be interpreting a 1993 federal law requiring the government to seek the "  least burdensome " and narrowly tailored means for any law that interferes with religious convictions . Chief Justice John Roberts could be the "  swing " vote as he was two years ago when siding with the court 's more liberal members to allow the law 's "  individual mandate " to go into effect . That provision requires most Americans to get health insurance or pay a financial penalty . It is seen as the key funding mechanism to ensure near-universal health coverage . Searching for compromise ? But how will the divided court rule this time ? Unanimous opinions in recent days on separate issues involving presidential recess appointments , cellphone searches by police , and abortion clinic protests suggest Roberts may be on a private campaign to push his colleagues to rule narrowly to reach consensus . Such an approach usually involves both left - and right-leaning justices reluctantly giving a little . "  At oral argument it seemed likely a majority of the justices were looking for a compromise , " said Goldstein , "  in which the closely held for-profit businesses would n't themselves have to pay for contraception care , but the employees would get it , maybe through the exchanges , maybe financed by the federal government . " Compromise may be nice , but as other contentious cases earlier this term demonstrated , it is not always easy to achieve . Separate decisions this spring involving political campaign donations and voter-approved affirmative action limits produced especially sharp 5-4 divisions . Under the Affordable Care Act , financial penalties of up to $ 100 per day , per employee can be levied on firms that refuse to provide comprehensive health coverage . Hobby Lobby , which has about 13,000 workers , estimates the penalty could cost it $ 475 million a year . The church-state issue now in the spotlight involves rules negotiated between the Obama administration and various outside groups . Under the changes , churches and houses of worship are completely exempt from the contraception mandate . Other nonprofit , religiously affiliated groups , such as church-run hospitals , parochial schools and charities must either offer coverage or have a third-party insurer provide separate benefits without the employer 's direct involvement . Lawsuits in those cases are pending in several federal appeals courts . Second generation Monday 's decision could signal how the court will approach other lawsuits against the health care law . "  We 're now getting the second generation of challenges to Obamacare -- about the actual adoption of the statute , and its core provisions , " said Goldstein . "  We 're probably going to see cases over the next five to ten years , as more and more details about the law get put into effect . " A Mennonite family 's fight over Obamacare reaches 5 questions : Supreme Court and Obamacare on contraception Opinion : How Obamacare can reduce abortions	Justices to rule on controversial requirement affecting businesses Ruling could serve as template for future challenges to Obamacare Issue is whether businesses can opt out of mandate on religous grounds The law requires employers to offer insurance benefits for contraception
New York  CNN  -- In a city celebrated for its "  cawfeee " accent and doughnut-shaped rolls , the store that by many accounts is New York 's bagel-lovers ' paradise is set to shutter its doors . H&H Bagels -- a Manhattan landmark of sorts -- will sell its last homemade dozen and close on Sunday , according to Moshe Fintz , the company 's business manager . The store 's no-frills business model and doughy circles earned a cult-like following over its 39-year history on 80th Street and Broadway . Many loyal customers are n't taking the news of the closing lightly . "  We have to preserve what 's unique about New York , " said James Besser , a pianist from Manhattan 's Upper West Side . "  And what 's distinct about us here is the bagels . " Besser started a fledgling grassroots movement to keep the shop running , lobbying City Council members and Scott Stringer , the Manhattan borough president . The store 's owners have been battling financial woes for some time , said Fintz , who said they 're being evicted after a tough year marred by tough economic times and a bankruptcy filing in March . He said skyrocketing food prices and increasing rent have made it impossible to keep the store open . But fear not bagel lovers : H&H has a second location on West 46th Street that will remain open . The famed bagel shop may be best known outside New York for its stint on the NBC sitcom "  Seinfeld , " when it served as the employer of the show 's eccentric Cosmo Kramer , played by actor Michael Richards . Still , city dwellers and others often know H&H for its classic creations , baked fresh by the thousands behind a counter where they 're sold . "  There 's an art form to it , " Fintz said . "  A lot of guys make bagels , but there 's only one H&H . " Not true . A rival shop with the store 's name sits on the borough 's east side , selling sandwiches and other treats that it 's west side counterpart does n't . But customers do n't frequent the landmark store for fancy schmears or gourmet breakfast sandwiches . The bagels -- priced individually at $ 1.40 -- speak for themselves , regulars say . "  They have the crunchy thing going on on the outside and are nice and soft on the inside , " said Keely Mills , 28 , who lives nearby and says she will mourn the loss of her poppy-seed bagel fix . "  It 's classic , " said neighborhood resident Ana Akasheh . "  Other bagels are very sticky . " Long heralded as bagel royalty of The Big Apple , many New Yorkers insist the H&H brand is second to none . But bagel gurus elsewhere often beg to differ . Irwin Shlafman , the owner of Fairmount Bagel in Montreal , says the bagels of his third-generation shop speak for themselves . "  Our bagel bakery is famous all around the world , " he said , touting a boiling process with honey-infused water that sets his bagels apart and gives them that "  Montreal-style . " Back in the United States , Michael Wagner , a fifth-generation baker and owner of South Street Philly Bagels in Philadelphia , said it 's the water that makes the difference . "  The taste is different because the water tastes different everywhere . " And yet a key ingredient to bagel folklore is simply neighborhood loyalty , he added . "  It 's the phenomenon known as ` where you grew up ' . " For many New Yorkers , H&H has been their neighborhood preference . The storefront 's signature red and white awning has been taken down and a handful of employees are distributing fliers that notify customers of the impending closing . But in the midst of the shop 's final days , employees say they have received supportive letters and phone calls from bagel-loving residents long accustomed to the famous store . "  I had no idea how devoted people were , " Fintz said . Ron BelBruno , 47 , is one such devotee . He says he 's been frequenting H&H since 1980 , and despite no longer living in the neighborhood , he still stops in several times a week . "  This is horrible , " said the long-time customer , who added that the loss is the latest blow to a series of "  mom-and-pop " stors across the city . "  H&H  is the epitome of New York , " BelBruno added . "  What 's going to go here now ? A Bank of America ? A Duane Reade ? " Regardless of what replaces the iconic store , the most perceptible change could be the loss of a familiar yeast scent on the 80th Street block of Broadway . "  The thing I 'm going to miss the most is the way it makes the neighborhood smell , " said local resident Mills .	New York 's famous H&H bagels will close on Sunday Residents are saddened by its loss The famed bagel shop may be best known for its stint on "  Seinfeld " H&H has a second location on West 46th Street that will remain open
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Military divers have found the body of a U.S. paratrooper who went missing last week in a river in western Afghanistan . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said the soldier was found close to where he disappeared November 4 . Officials are continuing their search for a second paratrooper lost at the same time . Both men -- from the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division -- disappeared in the Morghab River near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan . The men were on a routine resupply mission , the NATO group said . Family members identified the recovered body as that of Benjamin Sherman , 21 , of Plymouth , Massachusetts . They said he jumped into the river when he saw a fellow soldier struggling in the water . "  I know that day he jumped into the river to try to save his comrade was because he did n't just see another soldier in the water ; he saw his brother , " said Sherman 's sister , Meredith , in a statement to CNN affiliate WCVB in Boston , Massachusetts . "  He did n't jump in because he was trained to but because that 's what his heart told him to do . " Sherman 's mother , Denise , said the family called him "  the unstoppable one . " "  I raised him with the understanding that when you choose to do something , you do it to the best of your ability , " she said in a statement to WCVB . "  He was powerful , ingenuous and determined . " CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Two U.S. soldiers went missing in Afghan river on November 4 Both lost in Morghab River near border with Turkmenistan Family identifies recovered body as that of Benjamin Sherman of Plymouth , Massachusetts Search continues for the other paratrooper
CNN  -- When Pedro Matos arrived in conflict-ridden Darfur in 2009 to work as a humanitarian worker , the last thing he expected to encounter was dapper dressing and sartorial splendor . "  I was blown away by what I saw , " says Matos , a former urban planning engineer who went to Western Sudan to work for a United Nations agency supporting internally displaced people  IDP  in a region rocked by violence for a decade now . "  As I got more and more exposed to the camps and to the IDPs , I was taken aback and surprised with what people wore and how different they were from what I was expecting , " says the Portuguese aid worker . Struck by the eye-catching color combinations and the rich variety of patterns adorning women 's clothing , Matos reached for his camera and started taking pictures of Darfur 's local fashion . This gave birth to The Darfur Sartorialist , a project aiming to show to the world a different reality of this remote part in Sudan , beyond the usual narrative of suffering and violence . "  The news we usually get about Darfur -- the war , the oppression , the camps -- exists but that is not the only story , " says Matos . "  I hope the project can make people question the reality we see . " CNN 's Inside Africa spoke to Matos , who is now based in Kenya , about fashion in Darfur and his project 's goals . CNN : How you 'd describe the way these women are dressed in a few words ? PM : Colorful -- amidst these deserted landscapes , people dress in incredible colors ; unique -- it 's extremely difficult to find two women with the same clothes ; proud -- there is a pride in the dressing which goes a bit against to what I was expecting to be a conservative way of dressing ; fashionable -- a lot of the clothing is traditionally Sudanese but some is also influenced by the Middle East . The traditional Sudanese clothing is the toub -- many meters of cloth that 's wrapped around the body and head . Because it often falls off , they have to wear something underneath so that the skin does n't get exposed . Those combinations are often unique ; their undergarment would often be a patterned shirt and trousers , and with the toub , combinations are extremely varied . But on top of that , you have all the influence that comes from the Sudanese diaspora , the soap operas and all the films from the Middle East where women often dress a bit more Westernized ; they have dresses , trousers , denim jackets and skirts , so you have a combination of all these things and it 's extremely difficult to find two women dressed the same . The variety is something that surprised me ; in the West we often have these fashionable dark colors and because there are all these franchise stores , you get to see people dressed pretty much in the same way . But in Sudan , they 're so varied . Read this : Congo 's designer dandies CNN : How easy was it taking pictures ? Were there any security concerns ? PM : Sudan has been in the spotlight for human rights issues for a long time , so they 're extremely suspicious of foreigners going around taking photos . But after working side by side for so long with the security services , they eventually ended up trusting me and I was allowed to take pictures . CNN : Did women want to be photographed ? PM : That is quite interesting , because Sudan is a society where women are expected to behave conservatively and refuse photographs . So , when I 'd take their pictures , they would often refuse if they do n't know me . But if I 'm taking -LSB- pictures -RSB- of children , then the women would say , "  OK , you can take photographs of us too . " My colleagues and the IDPs did n't have a problem because they knew me ; actually , they were quite happy and honored and flattered that a foreigner would be so interested in their clothing . Read this : Africa 's fashion bible CNN : What has been the feedback you 've received ? PM : Most people in the West are extremely surprised and most people in Sudan are quite happy that someone is covering Sudan in such way , with many smiles , and proud , fashionable people . But what I 'm mostly interested about is to have people in the West -- those who know very little about Darfur , other than the stories of war and kidnapping -- understand that beyond the society we see in the news , it feels perfectly normal and conceivable that alongside war and oppression there are people who live their own lives and have aspirations which are not that different from ours .	Pedro Matos is the creator of the Darfur Sartorialist project The project showcases the colorful and fashionable way of dressing of people in Darfur Matos says his goal is to show this side of Darfur story to the world
LOS ANGELES , California  Reuters  -- Massive dogs belonging to "  Mission : Impossible " star Ving Rhames attacked and killed a live-in caretaker at the actor 's Los Angeles home Friday , police said . A sign on the gate of actor Ving Rhames ' home points out that a dog is on the premises . The caretaker , whose name was not released by authorities , was found dead on the front lawn of Rhames ' gated home in an expensive Brentwood neighborhood , covered in dog bites , a Los Angeles police spokesman said . Several large dogs were running loose on the property when police responded to the scene shortly after 7:15 a.m.  10:15 a.m. ET  and animal control officers took three huge bull mastiffs and an English bulldog into custody . "  It appeared that the person suffered a number of injuries as a result of the dog mauling , " Sgt. Lee Sands said . "  There were numerous dog bites all over his body , but the exact cause of death is pending the coroner 's ruling . " Sands said four dogs , the largest weighing nearly 200 pounds , were being quarantined as part of an investigation into the attack . He said it was not yet clear how many of the dogs had taken part in the mauling or why they had turned on the caretaker . The victim , who worked for Rhames for two years and lived on the property , was pronounced dead at the scene . Television pictures showed the body being removed from the scene , covered in a blanket . Neighbors said that they had never seen signs of aggression from the dogs . Representatives for Rhames , who is out of the country shooting a film , had no immediate comment . The 46-year-old actor is known for starring in "  Pulp Fiction " and alongside Tom Cruise in all three "  Mission : Impossible " movies . Rhames has a long list of film and television credits . He won a Golden Globe and Emmy nomination for starring as Don King in a 1997 TV movie about the flamboyant boxing promoter . The actor discussed dogs during a 1999 interview with the Los Angeles Times , describing a 1-year-old Fila Brasileiro  Brazilian Mastiff  he owned at the time as having been bred to guard slaves . "  It was the only dog they found that had the temperament to guard a slave , " Rhames said in the interview . "  It could be around you every day , but if you tried to run away ... " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Dogs kill man at Ving Rhames ' L.A. house Man was caretaker at house Rhames , known for "  Mission : Impossible , " not at home when attack occurred
CNN  -- Hugo Almeida scored a hat-trick and was then sent off as he helped Werder Bremen to end a miserable run of results on Sunday with a 3-0 victory at home to St. Pauli , who also ended the game with 10 men . Thomas Schaaf 's team , knocked out of the Champions League in midweek and already out of the German Cup , won for the first time in eight Bundesliga matches . Bremen had not scored for 450 minutes , but Portugal striker Almeida ended that drought after just 52 seconds . St. Pauli 's Gerald Asamoah headed against the bar a minute later , but Almeida extended the lead in the 20th minute as Marko Marin set him up on the counterattack from a corner at the other end . St. Pauli again hit the woodwork in the second half when Tim Wiese tipped Marius Ebbers ' shot onto the bar , but Almeida sealed victory in the 64th minute with his ninth league goal this season after a fine pass by Said Hsejinovic . Kagawa on target as Dortmund win However , he was sent off with 10 minutes to go after lashing out at St. Pauli defender Carlos Zambrano , whose teammate Markus Thorandt saw red in the final minute for a foul on Torsten Frings . The result means promoted St. Pauli have now not won for six matches and have fallen to 14th in the table , two points above the bottom three . Mainz make ground on German leaders Relegation-threatened Cologne moved up to 16th and out of the bottom two despite conceding a late equalizer in the 1-1 draw at home to Wolfsburg . Slovenia striker Milivoje Novakovic put Cologne ahead six minutes after halftime , scoring from close range when keeper Diego Benaglio could not hold a free-kick by Portuguese midfielder Petit . Wolfsburg , who lost striker Grafite to injury late in the first half , earned a point in the 81st minute through substitute Cicero -- who smashed in a superb overhead kick soon after coming onto the pitch . Steve McClaren 's team ended the weekend in 13th place on 16 points -- 21 behind leaders Borussia Dortmund .	Werder Bremen end poor run with 3-0 win over St. Pauli , with both teams reduced to 10 men Portugal striker Hugo Almeida scores a hat-trick before being sent off late in match Promoted St. Pauli , who have not won since round eight , then lose Markus Thorandt Cologne remain in bottom three after conceding late equalizer against Wolfsburg
CNN  -- More than 230 civilians have died in fighting over the past two weeks between Somali transitional government forces and Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia 's capital of Mogadishu , the U.N. refugee agency said on Tuesday . At least 400 people have been wounded and 23,000 displaced in the latest violence , the agency reported . So far this year , more than 200,000 civilians are believed to have fled their homes in the capital , it said . "  People who have been able to reach northern Somalia and neighbouring countries are mostly arriving on foot and by small buses and traveling without shelter . They tell our staff that the streets of Mogadishu are completely deserted and that people are too afraid to leave their houses . In these dangerous and difficult conditions , aid distributions are becoming rare and those who venture out are risking their lives , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The agency said people are leaving the capital for other parts of Somalia , such as Puntland , or to the neighboring countries of Ethiopia and Kenya , and across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen . Somalia generates the largest number of refugees in the world after Afghanistan and Iraq , the agency said . At the end of August , there were more than 614,000 Somali refugees and over 1.4 million people displaced within the country . "  The collapse of the state , spiraling violence and anarchy , compounded by poverty , has led to one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world and unacceptable suffering of the civilian population , " the agency said . African Union troops from other countries have been helping the transitional government fight the Islamist insurgents , who are trying to topple the government . In fact , Uganda recently said it is deploying an additional 750 peacekeeping troops to Mogadishu . The increase is a fulfillment of the commitment pledged by the government of Uganda at the African Union Summit in July . The African Union agreed to send an additional 2,000 troops total to Mogadishu . Djibouti and Guinea are also expected to send their battalions . When all parties fully deploy the pledged troops , the number of AU troops will increase up to 7,000 , said Fred Opolot , Ugandan government spokesman . "  The increase in the troops comes as a response from the government of Uganda and AU to the recent attacks in Kampala carried out by Al-Shabaab , " said Opolot , referring to the bomb attacks on World Cup fans in Uganda in July , which left as many as 79 people dead .	Troops and militants have been fighting in Mogadishu The unrest has displaced tens of thousands of people Somalis are going to Puntland , Kenya , Ethiopia and Yemen to escape the violence
CNN  -- After nearly 21 hours of deliberations , the jury in the trial of former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky reached a verdict Friday night . It found him guilty of 45 of 48 counts . There originally were 52 charges against Sandusky . On Thursday , Judge John Cleland announced that three of the counts were dismissed , and earlier this week a fourth charge was withdrawn by prosecutors , bringing the total number of charges to 48 . Here is a breakdown of the charges -- felony and misdemeanor -- against Sandusky , and the jury 's decision on each : VICTIM # 1 Count 1 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 2 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 3 - guilty Indecent Assault  Felony 3 Count 4 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 1 Count 5 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 6 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Felony 3 --------------------------- VICTIM # 2 Count 7 - not guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 8 - guilty Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 2 Count 9 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 1 Count 10 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 11 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Misdemeanor 1 ---------------------- VICTIM # 3 Count 12 - guilty Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 2 Count 13 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 3 Count 14 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 15 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Felony 3 ------------------------ VICTIM # 4 Count 16 - **** DISMISSED **** Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 17 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 18 - ***** DISMISSED ****** Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 19 - **** DISMISSED ***** Aggravated Indecent Assault  Felony 2 Count 20 - guilty Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 2 Count 21 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 1 Count 22 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 23 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Felony 3 ------------------------- VICTIM # 5 Count 24 - not guilty Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 1 Count 25 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 3 Count 26 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 27 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Felony 3 ----------------------- VICTIM # 6 Count 28 - not guilty Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 1 Count 29 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 3 Count 30 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 31 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Misdemeanor 1 ------------------------------- VICTIM # 7 Count 32 - guilty Criminal Attempt to Commit Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 2 Count 33 -- **** WITHDRAWN BY PROSECUTORS **** Unlawful Contact With Minors Count 34 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 35 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Misdemeanor 1 ------------------------- VICTIM # 8 Count 36 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 37 - guilty Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 2 Count 38 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 1 Count 39 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 40 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Misdemeanor 1 -------------------------- Due to 2nd indictment , counts start over with Victim 's # 9 and # 10 ------------------------- VICTIM # 9 Count 1 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 2 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 3 - guilty Indecent Assault  Felony 3 Count 4 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 1 Count 5 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 6 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Felony 3 --------------------------- VICTIM # 10 Count 7 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 8 - guilty Involuntary Deviate Sexual Intercourse  Felony 1 Count 9 - guilty Indecent Assault  Misdemeanor 1 Count 10 - guilty Unlawful Contact with Minors  Felony 1 Count 11 - guilty Corruption of Minors  Misdemeanor 1 Count 12 - guilty Endangering Welfare of Children  Felony 3	A jury in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , returned a verdict Friday night The allegations , involving 10 alleged victims , cover a 15-year period Jerry Sandusky , 68 , pleaded not guilty to the charges
PORT OF SPAIN , Trinidad and Tobago  CNN  -- President Obama said Sunday the 34-nation Summit of the Americas was a "  very productive " meeting that proved hemispheric progress is possible if countries set aside "  stale debates and old ideologies . " President Obama addresses reporters before leaving Trinidad for Washington on Sunday . Speaking to reporters at the conclusion of the summit , Obama cited a potential thaw in relations between the United States and longtime adversaries Cuba and Venezuela , but said the ultimate test "  is not simply words , but deeds . " Leaders did not "  see eye to eye " on some important issues , but the meeting proved it is possible to "  disagree respectfully , " the president said . Obama highlighted the importance of using American diplomacy and development aid in "  more intelligent ways . " Watch Obama talk about summit " He reached out to the Cuban government before the summit by lifting all restrictions on U.S. citizens wishing to visit or send remittances to relatives in Cuba . Cuba was not represented at the summit , but Obama noted that the leaders of other countries highlighted Cuba 's program that sends "  thousands of doctors " throughout the hemisphere . A number of countries depend heavily on Cuba 's medical assistance program . "  It 's a reminder ... that if our only interaction with many of these countries is drug interdiction -- if our only interaction is military -- then we may not be developing the connections that can over time increase our influence and have a beneficial effect , " he said . Obama called Cuban President Raul Castro 's recent indication of a willingness to discuss human rights issues "  a sign of progress . " But he said the Cuban government could send a much clearer , more positive signal by releasing political prisoners or reducing fees charged on remittances that Americans send to relatives in the country . Change in Cuba will not come quickly , but it is good for other countries to see that "  we are not dug in into policies that were formulated before I was born , " Obama said . U.S. policy on Cuba has remained largely unchanged since 1962 , when the U.S. government imposed a trade embargo . Turning to Venezuela , Obama conceded Washington has vast differences with that country 's president on economic and foreign policy issues . But he said the strategic interests of the United States would not be endangered by having a "  more constructive relationship " with the oil-rich nation . Asked what an "  Obama doctrine " would be , he declined to give a specific answer , but he outlined broad principles such as the importance of listening to other countries . The United States , Obama said , remains the most powerful nation in the world but can not solve problems such as climate change , drugs and terrorism on its own . "  If you start with that approach , you are inclined to listen , and not just talk , " he said . Obama , who was set to return to Washington on Sunday , added that the United States is at its best when it stands "  for universal ideals -LSB- such as -RSB- freedom of speech and religion . " "  If we confess to having strayed from -LSB- our -RSB- values , it strengthens our hand -LSB- and -RSB- allows us to speak with greater moral force and clarity , " he said . The president was criticized over the weekend by several leading Republicans and former CIA director Michael Hayden for releasing four Bush-era memos outlining terror interrogation methods used against suspected al Qaeda operatives . Read about Hayden 's criticism When he released the documents Thursday Obama said the United States needs to "  right its course in concert with our core values . "	Obama cites potential thaw in U.S. relations with Venezuela , Cuba Obama : Cuba 's apparent willingness to discuss human rights "  a sign of progress " Cuba was topic at weekend summit , though not represented there Obama : Using diplomacy , development aid in "  more intelligent ways " important
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Leaders of the NAACP on Saturday called for the firing of the New York Post cartoonist whose drawing lampooning the federal stimulus bill has drawn charges that it 's racist and encourages violence toward President Obama . NAACP 's Benjamin Todd Jealous says the organization will take issue "  national " if Post cartoonist is n't fired . Speaking at the civil rights group 's annual meeting in New York , NAACP President Benjamin Todd Jealous said that if Sean Delonas is not fired , the group will call for protests of the paper and Fox television affiliates , which are owned by Post parent company News Corp. . "  There is consensus that if the Post does not ... get rid of the journalists who are responsible for this bit of hate speech seeing the light of day , that we will move this from a local , regional issue to a very national issue , " Jealous said . The group also called for the cartoonist 's editor to be fired . Many critics said the cartoon played on historically racist images by appearing to compare Obama , the nation 's first black president , to a chimpanzee that had been shot by police officers . The cartoon references the mauling of a Connecticut woman by a chimpanzee who was later shot and killed by police . In its caption , one of the officers says , "  They 'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . " Obama had signed the bill the day before the cartoon ran . On its Web site Thursday , the paper offered a qualified apology , saying it was "  most certainly not our intent " to express racism , but also accusing some of jumping at a chance to attack a paper they already disliked . Watch reaction to the Post 's apology " "  To them , no apology is due , " the paper wrote . "  Sometimes a cartoon is just a cartoon -- even if the opportunists seek to make it something else . " But NAACP Chairman Julian Bond said that explanation rings hollow . "  This is tastelessness taken to the extreme , " he said . "  For the publication to suggest the only people who object to it are constant critics of the New York Post is beyond ridiculous . "  This was an invitation to assassination of the president of the United States and anyone who was not offended by it does n't have any sensibilities . "	NAACP threatens to protest paper and Fox television affiliates if cartoonist is not fired Group also calls for the cartoonist 's editor to be fired The drawing , which lampoons federal stimulus bill , has drawn charges of racism Post offers qualified apology accusing some of jumping at chance to attack the paper
Percy von Lipinski stood on a chair as he decorated his family 's Christmas tree . While hanging a German glass ornament , he lost his balance and grabbed a branch , pricking his left hand on a pine needle as he regained his footing . Sounds pretty benign , right ? At this point , Von Lipinski , 57 , had no idea that the incident in 2008 would nearly cost him his entire hand -- and perhaps his life . What seemed like an insignificant injury resulted in a flesh-eating disease from necrotizing fasciitis , the same condition that 's responsible for two serious cases in the United States that have recently risen to prominence . "  I 've told this story to many people to make them aware that , yes , this can happen to you , " said von Lipinski , who lives in Vancouver , British Columbia . "  Never , ever take an infection for granted . " This month , Aimee Copeland , a 24-year-old student at the University of West Georgia , had to have her leg amputated , then her other foot and her hands , because of the same flesh-eating disease . She had fallen from a zipline and cut her leg May 1 . She had been on a ventilator but is now breathing on her own , her father said Sunday . As of Tuesday , Copeland remains in critical condition . Lana Kuykendall has had seven surgeries as a result of the disease , and she has been "  intubated and sedated " since arriving at the hospital May 11 , her brother said . She had been healthy when she gave birth to twins May 7 but went to the hospital when she noticed a bruise on her leg . She remains hospitalized in critical condition . Von Lipinski 's experience , which he shared with CNN 's iReport , was far less severe than these women 's but could have been worse had his infection not been detected so early . There are many strains of bacteria that cause the flesh-eating disease necrotizing fasciitis . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that there are about 9,000 to 11,500 cases of group A streptococcus bacteria , one cause of nectrotizing fasciitis , each year . Of them , only 6 % to 7 % are invasive . More commonly , the bacteria results in infections such as strep throat or a skin infection called impetigo . Copeland 's infection was caused by a bacterial strain called Aeromonas hydrophila , which is so rare that there are no good statistics on this cause of flesh-eating disease . The CDC says that about 25 % of patients who have nectrotizing fasciitis die . Canada has 90 to 200 cases per year , with a fatality rate of 20 % to 30 % , according to the Public Health Agency of Canada . At Christmastime 2008 , Von Lipinski did n't think much about the pine needle prick until the redness started spreading and he experienced abnormal pain . He and his wife , obstetrician-gynecologist Dr. Olga von Lipinski , were having dinner with a group of doctors . They recommended antibiotics , which the von Lipinskis had at home . But von Lipinski 's wife knew something was wrong when he kept getting up during the night , unable to sleep because of the pain . By morning , the wound on his hand had worsened . Von Lipinski 's story is typical of what Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , knows of these sorts of infections . The telltale signs of a problem are a fever and persistent pain that 's disproportionate to the injury : Sometimes it 's "  the worst pain they 've ever experienced , " he said . About 10 % of patients can remember no injury at all before the infection begins , he said . Some cases involve deep penetrating injuries , such as Copeland 's . Others , like von Lipinski 's , are more trivial . But infection can begin even if the skin is n't broken ; a blunt trauma can trigger it , too . Still , plenty of people have these injuries every day and never develop flesh-eating disease ; it 's somewhat mysterious why a small segment of people do . "  You need a combination of circumstances that all have to mesh perfectly for this kind of event to take hold , " Schaffner said . Sometimes the bacteria are external , but in some cases , the person is already carrying the bacteria on them or even inside them . As with many illnesses , vulnerability to flesh-eating bacterial infections increases with age and underlying conditions that might compromise the immune system . A delay in care for a wound also predisposes a person to a worse outcome . "  I certainly look at every tiny cut , paper cuts , shaving , building in a different much more serious way now , " von Lipinski said . Three feet of snow fell overnight while the infection spread in von Lipinski 's hand . He had looked forward to spending the day making their home more "  Christmassy . " But his wife insisted about 6 a.m. on taking him to the emergency room on her way to work . "  There is no way , if my wife had n't insisted , I would have gone to the hospital , " von Lipinski said . Doctors told von Lipinski he would be on an intravenous antibiotic drip for four hours and then could go home . His wife was told he would be home for dinner . But the drug did n't work , and von Lipinski 's condition was getting worse . He was rushed to the intensive care unit . Von Lipinski 's hand appeared to double in size -- like "  a science fiction makeup job . " "  It was getting very hard to move my fingers , " he said . "  I could n't picture how I was going to regain use of my hand again , " he said . There 's a lot he does n't remember , but one conversation does stick out : his wife talking to her 5-year-old daughter about how good people go to heaven . "  Everything was happening so fast around me , and it was n't actually until I heard those words out of my wife , talking to my daughter , that I thought , ` Geez , I could die , ' " von Lipinski remembers . "  I 've never seen him so sick , " his wife said . "  It 's a truly scary thing . You do n't want see anybody , especially your relatives , in this kind of condition . " Within 48 hours , one of the combinations of antibiotics started to work . Nurses had drawn lines with a black marker to show the progression of the infection , but it had started to retreat . Surgeons removed dead tissue from the hand . Fortunately , they did n't have to amputate . Surgery is the most important treatment for the condition . Antibiotics and supportive care are also important , said Schaffner , who did not treat von Lipinski . Staying ahead of the infection by getting rid of the dead tissue is crucial . "  It 's not unusual for a surgeon to have to go back a second time and a third time because these infections -- look at that young lady in Georgia -- can spread in a very determined and rapid and persistent fashion , " Schaffner said . The best case scenario , von Lipinski was told , was that he would n't be able to move his hand again and would have frozen fingers for the rest of his life . At that point , von Lipinski felt grateful that he would keep his hand at all , even if it would be paralyzed . Von Lipinski remained in the hospital for about two weeks . Contrary to the predictions of his doctors , he eventually regained the use of his left fingers , although it took 18 to 24 months . A year after the accident , he could barely form a fist . Only scars remain from the surgery , and he now has full function of his hand . "  When you face death directly as I did with this experience , you tend to look at life differently , " he said . "  Money and other typical life challenges are instantly made trivial when I think back at how lucky I was ! "	iReporter Percy von Lipinski of Vancouver , British Columbia , had flesh-eating disease His wife , a doctor , insisted that he go to the hospital when his hand hurt He had surgery to remove dead tissue from his hand Today he has full function of his hand and fingers again
CNN  -- When Barack Obama is sworn in as the 44th president of the United States , the wish list that has been building abroad may have grown longer than he or anyone else can deliver . The world 's newspapers marked Barack Obama 's election win . Now , world governments want him to act . There are the apparently eternal conflicts of the Middle East and Kashmir , between India and Pakistan , that have already reared their ugly heads almost as a warning even before Obama took office . Between them , they engulf most of the grievances and violence that shape the Islamic world and its relations with the United States . Intense U.S. involvement will be needed to help resolve both of the conflicts . This will require imagination , creative out-of-the-box diplomacy , and the courage to see it through both from the United States and leaders on the ground . Going back even to the status-quo ante will no longer be sufficient . The 30-year-old rupture in relations between the United States and Iran is also expected to be addressed as a key priority by the new administration . Both the president-elect and his secretary of state-designate have said they want to abandon the silent treatment and isolation of previous administrations and try engaging Iran , as a way of resolving difficult issues such as its nuclear program and its influence in Iraq and Afghanistan . Watch Amanpour talk about world views of Obama " The United States remains bogged down in hot wars in both of those countries . While the Obama administration plans to increase troops and nation-building in Afghanistan , it is also signaling it will not give President Hamid Karzai 's government the "  free ride " he is thought to have received from the Bush administration . Karzai will be expected to root out corruption and better address the needs of the Afghan people . The new administration will also try to revive nuclear arms agreements that have been abandoned over the last eight years and try to forge a more constructive relationship with Russia , while persuading that country to meet its international obligations too . While many allies -- and adversaries -- welcome the new U.S. administration 's declaration to use diplomacy and soft power , the question remains : Will Washington 's allies also pull their weight in helping set their common agenda ? Many nations and governments say they welcome America 's vital global leadership , and the question at the start of the Obama administration is : Will they rise robustly to the occasion , and not just carp from the sidelines ? While much is expected from Obama , much , too , will be expected from his allies .	World has long wish list for Barack Obama when he becomes president Solving problems will need creative diplomacy and courage , Amanpour says Middle East , Iran and Kashmir all need attention Amanpour asks if world nations will rise to help U.S. or just carp from sidelines
London  CNN  -- Try as it might , the British government just ca n't seem to get radical cleric Abu Qatada out of the UK . The government lost another round Wednesday in its long-running attempt to deport Abu Qatada to Jordan . The Court of Appeal in London denied the government 's attempt to overturn a different panel 's decision to keep Abu Qatada -- accused of raising money for terrorist groups and inspiring one of the 9/11 hijackers -- in Britain . Home Secretary Theresa May has until April 17 to appeal the latest ruling . "  This is not the end of the road . Government remains determined to deport Abu Qatada , " the official UK Home Office Twitter feed said . "  We will consider the judgment on Abu Qatada carefully and plan to seek leave to appeal . "  In the meantime we continue to work with the Jordanians to address the outstanding legal issues preventing Abu Qatada 's deportation . " A Jordanian national , Abu Qatada is wanted in his home country and has been been tried and convicted in absentia on two charges of conspiracy to cause explosions , court documents say . In January 2012 , the European Court of Human Rights blocked Britain from sending him to Jordan because of fears that evidence obtained by torture could be used against him at the trial planned by the Middle Eastern country . The Home Secretary decided last April that assurances given by the Jordanian government had eliminated that risk and ordered that his deportation go ahead . But Abu Qatada appealed to the UK 's Special Immigration Appeals Commission , which found in November that "  there still existed a real risk of a flagrant denial of justice . " The Court of Appeal ruled Wednesday that May 's appeal against that SIAC ruling was not justified . UK authorities accuse Abu Qatada of raising funds for terrorist groups , including organizations linked to the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and say he has publicly supported the violent activities of those groups . Videos of his preaching were found in a German apartment used by some of those involved in the 9/11 attacks on the United States , including ringleader Mohammed Atta . Abu Qatada has denied the allegations against him . Also known as Omar Othman , Abu Qatada arrived in the United Kingdom in 1993 and applied for asylum on the grounds that he had been tortured by Jordanian authorities . He came to Britain on a forged United Arab Emirates passport , according to court documents , and claimed asylum for himself , his wife and their three children . Britain has been trying to deport Abu Qatada since 2005 , but his legal appeals have kept him in the country . He was ordered back to prison earlier this month after evidence suggested he had violated his bail conditions . These include an order that prohibits him from allowing cell phones to be turned on in his house , and a ban on devices such as rewritable CDs and flash drives . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	British government loses its latest bid to deport Abu Qatada , also known as Omar Othman Home Secretary Theresa May has until April 17 to appeal the ruling The radical cleric is accused of funding terrorist groups and inspiring one of the 9/11 hijackers Abu Qatada denies the allegations against him and has long fought his deportation to Jordan
CNN  -- Critics say that President Barack Obama 's foreign policy is "  feckless , " "  mushy " or "  too cautious " and above all , that it lacks a clear overarching doctrine . But Obama 's foreign policy is very clear insofar as it clearly reflects the unclear role of America at a time of national and global transition and is responsive to this moment in history . Call it the "  Transition Doctrine . " Whether one agrees with his decisions or not , it 's ridiculous to suggest the President is a weak leader . Just ask Osama bin Laden . Or consider that Obama is bombing ISIS , pressing Iraq to fix its broken government , working with NATO to force Russian President Vladimir Putin to back down and making real progress in curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions . And then there are the drone strikes , including one that killed the leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia . Feckless ? Hardly . The criticisms aimed at the President reveal more about those doing the criticizing , most of whom have never met a war they did n't like and have been so wrong so often on foreign policy it 's shocking they 're still deemed remotely credible at all  ahem , Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham  . America tried "  Cowboy Adventurism " as a foreign policy strategy . We did n't like it . We 're not trying it again . No matter how much Dick Cheney goads us . Even though the actions of ISIS are atrocious , and public support for military action has increased , most Americans are reluctant to rush into war and repeat the mistakes of the previous Republican leadership . For instance , even though fear of a terrorist attack has increased , according to a recent CNN/ORC International poll , six in 10 American voters still oppose sending ground troops to fight ISIS . Obama is echoing America 's fatigue with the hawkish aggressions of the past by insisting he will not use ground troops . Yet to characterize Obama 's foreign policy strategy as merely a reaction to Bush-era truculence misses something else -- that the very nature of the world , and America 's role within it , is changing . Of course , Obama 's foreign policy could use more clarity -- because the world could use more clarity . Whether bombing ISIS is the right strategy or not  and I think it 's not  , Republicans who support military action relentlessly dinged the President for not acting -- and then dinged him for not acting sooner . That sort of political point-scoring overlooks the complexity of the situation . The entire region has been changed not only by the American war in Iraq but also by the Arab Spring , which has altered the local geopolitics . Amid the civil war in Syria and the volatility of Iraq , the brutal ISIS found a way to wreak havoc . No responsible military analysts believe the solution to ISIS is simple . Bullheaded clarity in the face of such complexity would be naive . In a 1999 essay for Foreign Policy , Samuel Huntington described the early contours of global power that prevailed in the post-Cold War era . Huntington wrote that international politics was a "  uni-multipolar system with one superpower and several major powers " and that the "  settlement of key international issues requires action by the single superpower but always with some combination of other major states ; the single superpower can , however , veto action on key issues by combinations of other states . " That was then . Today , the power of the United States has contracted , in part because our economic supremacy has been undermined by domestic challenges as well as by the rise of other global powers . There is less appetite for military spending abroad after George W. Bush 's expensive adventures . Obama is not the only one who 's unambitious in flexing America 's muscles or preferring to settle for singles and doubles in the game of global influence . His sentiment reflects the sentiment of American voters who are responding to the changing terrain of international politics . As our footprint of power around the globe is reduced , the practical expectations for stomping that foot -- let alone singularly squashing any enemies with it -- are also reduced . A true multipolar world , where not just one country leads and dominates but many countries lead , has never quite existed in our modern time . It 's no wonder we ca n't yet realize our role within it . We 're watching the President of the United States in real time leading our country and grappling with the future -- it 's a process that , just like change itself , is neither clean nor tidy . It will take time to find our new formula for balancing force and restraint , diplomacy and aggression -- between being a superpower versus not being the world 's police force . Those calling for the aggressive , big military , pro-intervention-no-matter-what policies not only ignore how that failed us in the past but also that the past is no longer our present . The "  Transition Doctrine " is based on a clear-eyed assessment of the world as it is today and the necessity for a new , responsible and effective American posture for the future .	Sally Kohn : Critics say President Obama 's foreign policy is too cautious or lacks clarity She says it 's absurd to suggest Obama is a weak leader ; just ask Osama bin Laden Kohn : Actually , Obama 's policy -- the "  Transition Doctrine " -- reflects complexity of our time Those who want aggressive military intervention should look at failures of past , she says
CNN  -- The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday after they were allegedly found fishing in Russian-controlled waters in the Sea of Japan , according to state media Warning shots were fired at one vessel during a three-hour pursuit by Russian Coast Guard , which eventually rammed the vessel and soldiers fired directly on the ship when sailors resisted being boarded , according to Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency . No one was killed or injured in the incident , according to RIA . The ship had 22.5 metric tons of squid and a crew of 17 RIA reported , and did n't have documents allowing them to fish in Russia 's Exclusive Economic Zone . A second Chinese fishing vessel , with 19 crew members , was also detained in nearby waters . An Exclusive Economic Zone is an area within 200 nautical miles of a nation 's shores which gives the country sole rights to fish and develop resources in the area . China 's Xinhua reports that the ships were from the city of Weihai in China 's eastern Shandong province . An editorial in China 's People 's Daily condemned the firing on the vessel , calling the move "  reckless . " "  In 1983 , the Soviet Union shot down a Korean Air Lines Boeing 747 civilian airliner . Now Russia , for at least the second time , has fired on a Chinese civilian ship . Such conduct will stay in the memory of people in Northeast Asia , " the editorial said . "  The aggressive behavior by some Russians at the grass-roots level not only harms Chinese confidence in fostering a long-term friendship with Russia , but also provides excuses for forces seeking to undermine China-Russia ties . " In 2009 , a Russian boat sank a Chinese vessel suspected of smuggling , killing seven people , People 's Daily reports . Clinton slams Russia , China over Syria	The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday Shots were fired at one vessel , which was eventually rammed by a Russian ship Local media reports claim the ships were illegally fishing in Russian territorial water
CNN  -- Who ordered the anchovies ? That 's what beach-goers may be asking after a huge swarm of the oily fish descended on the shallow waters of La Jolla Shores , California , this week . "  It is rare to see so many anchovy abutting the surf zone , " said Professor Dave Checkley of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography  SIO  . "  More usually , schools are seen hundreds of yards to many miles offshore . " The surf zone is the area in which waves break on shore and humans normally swim . Schools of anchovy can range from hundreds to millions of fish , said Checkley , who gave this school "  a very rough estimate " of between 1 million and 100 million anchovies . Anchovy influx leads to shark run in "  In my approximately 30 years at the SIO starting in 1970 , I 've not seen this before , " Checkley said . Changing ocean temperatures may be the cause of the anchovy influx . The North Pacific is currently transitioning into a cooler state , which is favorable to anchovies , said Checkley . He added that , while this particular phenomenon is unusual , anchovy populations naturally fluctuate on the scale of decades . Scientists were n't the only one taking note of the army of anchovies . The California sea lion , which preys on the small fish , seemed "  happy as a clam , " Checkley said . "  Human beach-goers and surfers similarly -LSB- were happy -RSB- , enjoying a rare sight of an abundance of schooling fish within easy swimming distance , " said Checkley . "  For those able to snorkel among the anchovy , it is a wonderful experience ... fish , fish , fish ! " By Wednesday , the school had departed the surf zone near La Jolla Shores . According to Checkley , the anchovies could have moved farther offshore just as easily as they could have slid along the coast to the north or south . 30 mesmerizing underwater photos Swimmer bitten by great white shark off California beach Awe-inspiring animal migrations that send people flocking	Millions of anchovies swarmed the surf off La Jolla Shores , Ca . No school this large has been so close in 30 years The causes are likely fluctuating oceanic temperatures
Genetic test predicts brain aging disorders such as Lou Gehrig 's disease and Parkinson 's . A Mayo Clinic study , announced in January 2008 , details an unprecedented method to predict brain aging disorders such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , called ALS or Lou Gehrig 's disease , and Parkinson 's disease . Investigators identified several gene mutations that predicted which people are at high risk for ALS and Parkinson 's , which afflicts a million Americans . People with one set of genetic mutations were 2,000 times more likely than normal to develop ALS . Those with the other set are 400 times more likely than normal to suffer from Parkinson 's disease . Researchers say this approach may be used to predict other complex diseases such as Alzheimer 's , strokes , diabetes and cancer . They say , for example , if a test is developed that predicts someone is at high risk for diabetes , that person can change his or her behavior through exercise and diet to prevent the disease . What does this mean for people who will get these diseases ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent : You ca n't prevent diseases like Parkinson 's or ALS . But researchers hope that by showing there are gene mutations that cause these brain diseases , new drugs will be created to prevent them . Brain cells go from the brain and travel down to the end of the spinal cord . This pathway tells these brain cells which direction to go in the body . But if something goes wrong and there is a mistake in where the cells are told to go , this is enough to cause a disease . Let 's say the cell travels from the brain , but stops at the shoulders or at the chest -- this could cause ALS or Parkinson 's . Keep in mind that these are devastating conditions . One million Americans have Parkinson 's , which causes shakes , stiffness and slow movement . ALS , which causes muscles to waste away and leaves patients totally paralyzed , affects 30,000 people in the U.S. . How accurate were they in predicting who could get ALS and Parkinson 's ? Gupta : Very accurate . More than 90 percent of the time , researchers correctly predicted who would get ALS or Parkinson 's . They were also able to predict the age when people would get these diseases with 85 percent accuracy . There is n't a way to prevent these diseases , but this research could be used as a model to develop other tests that could predict diseases such as cancer , diabetes and strokes . This could actually end up saving lives . Let 's say someone finds out they 're at high risk of getting diabetes . They could start eating healthy and exercising more to delay or prevent the disease . What are the implications of this ? Gupta : It will allow other people to make similar tests for a lot of other diseases in record time . It 's possible they could make a simple blood test that tells people at birth what diseases they 're likely to get . For example , if you see that someone is likely to get ADHD , you can start getting that kid special schooling . Let 's say another person is at high risk for prostate cancer . You can start getting them tested early , at age 30 .	This new method of genetic testing can help determine who 'll get ALS , Parkinson 's and one day may lead to tests that can predict other diseases
Can you take non-Muslim women and children captive ? Yes , says ISIS . Can you have sex with them , even prepubescent girls ? Yes , according to the Islamist extremist group . Can you sell them or give them as gifts to others ? The answer is yes , once again . People in Mosul -- the Iraqi city now under control of the group calling itself the Islamic State -- got these and other messages loud and clear after sunset prayers Friday , when armed men handed out a color-printed pamphlet "  Question and Answers on Female Slaves and their Freedom , " three residents told CNN . "  People started gathering in small groups chattering about this  document  , " said one of the men , whom CNN did n't name for security reasons . "  Most are shocked , but  we  can not do much about it . " The document was first printed in October or November , then later posted on an ISIS website . It has gotten more publicity recently because of the Middle East Media Research Institute , an independent Washington-based nonprofit whose advisory board includes former National Security Agency Director Michael V. Hayden , onetime CIA Director James Woolsey and ex-U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld . The idea that ISIS is kidnapping , selling and raping women and children is hardly surprising . Many such accounts have surfaced since the group began its often brutal run through Syria and Iraq , including chilling stories from members of the Yazidi religious minority . And these are on top of other horrific allegations , such as the killings and mistreatment of innocent civilians simply because they did n't subscribe to ISIS ' extreme take on Sharia law . Yazidi women ` treated like cattle ' And that 's the thing about ISIS : Its militants have justified their actions -- like the beheadings of journalists and aid workers -- in God 's name . Even then , it is rare to see its rationale laid out as plainly as in "  Question and Answers on Female Slaves and their Freedom . " In the document , for instance , it is explained that capturing women is permissible if they are "  nonbelievers . " It adds , "  Female slaves are the women that Muslims took from their enemies . " Much of the pamphlet talks about ISIS ' policy on having sexual intercourse with a female slave , something that the group cites the Quran to justify . "  If she was a virgin , he  the owner  can have intercourse with her immediately after the ownership is fulfilled , " ISIS explains . "  If she was not a virgin , her uterus must be purified  wait for her period to be sure she is not pregnant .  " There are other rules as well , like that two men who co-own a captive ca n't both have sex with her and that a man ca n't have intercourse with his wife 's slave . As to girls : "  It is permissible to have intercourse with the female slave who has n't reached puberty if she is fit for intercourse , " the document reads . "  However , if she is not fit for intercourse , he  the owner  can only enjoy her without intercourse . " The Q&A is clear that , young and old , the captors have full control of their captives . As such , the ISIS document claims , "  It is permissible to buy , sell or give as a gift female captives and slaves , for they are merely property . " In response to the question of whether a female slave can buy her freedom , the answer is , "  Yes she can . " The document also says that freeing a slave is something a sinner who has committed an act like unintentional murder or perjury can do for his sin to be forgiven . Alternative actions are fasting for two consecutive months or feeding hungry people . The pamphlet sets a few other guidelines , such as that a captive mother ca n't be separated from her young children and that an impregnated captive can not be sold . Beating a female slave for discipline is OK , but beating her for pleasure or as a form of torture is not . There are fewer rules for the captives themselves , though the ISIS pamphlet does identify one thing as "  the gravest of sins " -- running away from one 's master . This document marks the most detailed , albeit not first , justification for enslaving nonbelievers , as defined by ISIS . Time and again , the group cites the Quran and its view of Sharia law . "  ISIS is drawing these rulings from ancient Middle Eastern and Mediterranean codes of conduct for war and prisoners , " said Abbas Barzegar , professor of religious studies at Georgia State University . "  Muslim leaders and lay practitioners the world over continue to condemn ISIS and find its alien interpretation of Islam grotesque and abhorrent . Unfortunately , in the context of failed states and civil wars most sane voices are often the most drowned out . " None of ISIS ' rationalizations hold up , Seton Hall University law school Professor Bernard Freamon wrote on CNN.com last month . "  This argument is plainly wrong , hypocritical and astonishingly ahistorical , relying on male fantasies inspired by stories from the days of imperial Islam , " said Freamon . "  It is also an affront to right-thinking Muslims everywhere and a criminal perversion of Islamic law , particularly its primary source , the glorious Quran . "	ISIS produces a document , "  Question and Answers on Female Slaves and their Freedom " It has been posted online , and armed men distributed it to residents of Mosul In it , ISIS claims the Quran justifies taking non-Muslim women and girls captive It also says they can be sold as "  property , " and that sex with captive girls is permissible
CNN  -- Funeral plans for Gary Coleman are "  pending " more than a week after his death , but his parents have dropped their bid to have the actor 's body returned to Chicago for burial , the man named as executor of his estate said Saturday . Coleman 's ex-wife Shannon Price had previously announced a weekend service for Coleman , who died over a week ago after a fall at his Utah home . Price "  has absolutely no rights or authority , with regard to the disposition of Gary 's remains , services , estate management , " said Dion Mial , Coleman longtime friend and former manager . "  Plans for any services are pending , at this time , " Mial said . Coleman 's will , which has been reviewed by his parents and their lawyer , named Mial to oversee his estate , Mial and a spokesman for his parents said . "  I am humbled by Gary 's confidence in me and by his fearless friendship , " Mial said in a statement sent to CNN Saturday . "  My life is transformed , because of his distinct presence in it . " Sue and Willie Coleman made the decision to drop their efforts after reviewing copies of Coleman 's will and other trust documents provided by attorneys in Utah , where Coleman lived with his former wife , Shannon Price , until his death last week . "  From the start , Mr. and Mrs. Coleman 's intention has been to see that Gary 's wishes be honored and that his affairs be taken care of properly , " attorney Frederick Jackson said in a statement . "  They wanted to do things the right way , and they urge those still involved to do the same . The Colemans ask that everyone please treat Gary with respect and kindness . They feel it is time for him to find peace and let his spirit go . " Coleman 's relationship with his parents was strained since he successfully sued them 20 years ago for $ 1 million , claiming they squandered his earnings as a child actor . Mial became Coleman 's manager when he fired his parents . Mial was a close companion of Coleman when he was a child actor on "  Diff ` rent Strokes . " "  Not only am I saying goodbye to a friend , but I 'm saying goodbye to my brother , " Mial said . "  I will not allow my selfish grief to eclipse the unspeakable joy that Gary brought to me and to my family for the last 32 years . I 'm as equally and passionately committed to honor his memory , as I was always so committed to his destiny in life . " The body of the 42-year-old actor , who died last Friday of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo , Utah , hospital , is now at Lake Hill Mortuary in Sandy , Utah . The legal department at the mortuary 's parent company -- Memorial Mortuaries -- told CNN it has control of Coleman 's remains until legal documents are presented showing who has authority over them . Coleman and Price divorced in 2008 , but they were living together in Santaquin , Utah , when he suffered the fall , which proved fatal . Price , 24 , had the legal authority to authorize his doctor to disconnect his life support , the Utah Valley Regional Medical Center in Provo said . "  Mr. Coleman had completed an Advanced Health Care Directive that granted Shannon Price permission to make medical decisions on his behalf if he was unable to do so , " said the hospital statement , which Price authorized . The document was in effect when the decision to remove Coleman from life support was made last Friday , the hospital said . "  An Advanced Health Care Directive remains in effect regardless of a patient 's marital status , unless modified by the patient , " the hospital statement said . Coleman suffered a brain hemorrhage after he fell at his home on Wednesday , May 26 . He died two days later , after he was removed from life support , a hospital spokeswoman said . While he appeared "  lucid and conscious " Thursday morning , his condition worsened by the afternoon , leaving him unconscious and on life support , she said . Coleman is best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold on TV 's "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . "  There was a touch of magic and a different stroke in Gary Coleman , " said TV legend Norman Lear , who produced the show . "  He was the inspiration behind his show 's title . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Executor says ex-wife has no authority on Coleman matters Coleman funeral plans "  pending " Coleman parents drop bid for son 's remains Sue and Willie Coleman reviewed Coleman 's will before making decision Coleman 's remains currently at Sandy , Utah , mortuary
London  CNN  -- A murderer is at large in England , police warned in connection with a case that has gripped the country for more than two weeks . Joanna Yeates , 25 , disappeared on December 17 in the city of Bristol in western England . Her body was found on Christmas Day by a couple walking their dogs a few miles from where she lived , police said . Her parents said the discovery of the body was a relief , but the confirmation she had been murdered "  only intensified our grief . "  She was a beautiful and talented young lady who was destined to fly high . Her life was stolen from her and she was stolen from us , " they said in a statement on New Year 's Day . Her boyfriend , Greg Reardon , said he would always love her and hoped "  for her sake , justice is found swiftly . " Yeates had been out with friends on the day she vanished , and was last seen alive buying a pizza at 8:40 p.m. that Friday night . Reardon alerted the police when he got home to their apartment December 19 after a weekend away . Her keys , purse and bank cards were in the apartment , along with a receipt for the pizza . The investigation became a murder inquiry on December 28 after an autopsy concluded that Yeates had been strangled . A 65-year-old man was arrested on December 30 . British media identified him as Yeates ' landlord . He was released on bail January 1 . Bristol police have more than 70 officers and staff working on the case , Detective Chief Inspector Phil Jones said the day the man was released . Chief Superintendent Jon Stratford said Sunday that "  whoever killed Jo remains at large , " and said people should take "  the usual safety precautions . "  Lone women should avoid walking home alone after dark and householders should keep their premises secure and take care answering the door to strangers , " he said , adding that there was "  no specific intelligence or information to suggest there is an increased threat to their safety at this time . " Police have released CCTV footage from a liquor store where Yeates shopped before buying the pizza .	Joanna Yeates , 25 , vanished a week before Christmas Her strangled body was found by a couple walking their dogs on Christmas Day A man was arrested but later released
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Ernesto churned across the Caribbean Sea on Saturday , regaining some strength even as forecasters expect it to grow more powerful and emerge as a Category 1 hurricane in the next few days , the National Hurricane Center said . That means that by the time it likely passes south of Jamaica on Sunday evening , Ernesto could pack sustained winds in excess of 74 mph . As is , the Miami-based weather center reported in its 8 p.m. advisory that the storm had regular winds of 60 mph and even more potent gusts . Ernesto had weakened somewhat earlier Saturday , but leveled off through the middle of the day and then got even stronger . By Saturday night , tropical-storm-force winds , at 39 mph or stronger , could be felt up to 140 miles for the storm 's center about 260 miles south-southwest of Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , and 435 miles east-southeast of Kingston , Jamaica . The Jamaican government has issued a tropical storm warning for the Caribbean island , meaning such conditions are expected there some time over the next 36 hours . The storm could bring three to six inches of rain , if not more , to Jamaica by the time it 's gone , the hurricane center said . Residents and visitors on other Caribbean islands such as Aruba , Curacao and Bonaire could also find themselves getting drenched . "  Some strengthening is possible during the next 48 hours and Ernesto could become a hurricane during the next day or so , " the hurricane center said of Ernesto at 8 p.m. , when it was spinning west at an 18 mph clip . The storm is forecast to enter the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday morning , by which time it is expected to be back to tropical storm status , according to forecasters . "  Past Thursday , we will be monitoring this storm very closely for further development in the Gulf , " CNN meteorologist Sarah Dillingham said . Ernesto is not the only tropical threat forecasters are monitoring . Tropical Storm Florence strengthened a bit Saturday over the open Atlantic Ocean , its center about 515 miles west of the Cape Verde Islands as it headed toward the Leeward Islands . At 5 p.m. Saturday , the storm was heading west-northwest at a 15 mph rate and had sustained winds of 50 mph , a shade weaker than Ernesto . It could gain more strength over the next few days , the hurricane center said . Complete coverage of weather	NEW : Even with Ernesto 435 miles away , Jamaica may see rains and winds Sunday NEW : Stronger by Saturday night , the storm should be a hurricane soon , forecasters say NEW : Aruba , Curacao and Bonaire may also experience heavy rains tied to the storm NEW : In the Atlantic , Tropical Storm Florence is strengthening and moving west-northwest
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The commercial heart of Thailand 's capital is still at risk of flooding , with the next 10 days likely to be crucial in the battle to keep dry . So far the Central Business District , or CBD , has been shielded by a series of flood defenses backed up by huge pumps which suck the floodwater seeping down from the north of the city into the canals . From here the water is funneled into the main Chao Phraya River , where officials say it then fans out toward the sea . Floods in Thailand have killed more than 500 people since July , affecting about a third of the nation 's 77 provinces . The country of 67 million is also home to electronics manufacturing and automotive companies that have had to stop production because of the flooding , causing a ripple effect through the industry . According to Seri Supparathit , a water engineer who has acted as consultant for the government during the crisis , Bangkok 's central business district will survive the watery onslaught as long as the pumps keep working . "  If we can maintain the system for the next 10 days , then we can keep the CBD free from floods , " he said . "  But if the pumps break down , we could see more major flooding . We do n't know the condition of the pumps . " Supparathit added that China and Japan have now provided pumps as well as valuable expertise . The pumping stations are the front line in this war against the filthy torrent . The giant pumps sit at the side of canals on the fringes of central Bangkok , acting as the boundaries between the dry land on one side and the flood-hit city on the other . The business Aside from the huge volume of water , those manning the pumps 24 hours a day have their hands full clearing out huge amounts of debris floating into the system and threatening to clog it up . It 's back-breaking work as city workers carry baskets full of foul-smelling rubbish to the convoy of trucks pulling up nearby . "  The system has n't broken yet , " said one of the workers optimistically when asked how the pumps were holding up . According to Bangkok 's Irrigation Department , this year 's devastating floods in northern Thailand created an estimated 14 billion cubic meters of run-off . The Bangkok Post quoted spokesman Boonsanong Suchatpong as saying about three billion cubic meters of this water is in the Chao Phraya River , with 3.5 billion cubic meters in the fields in the central provinces north of Bangkok . The rest , he said , has penetrated flood walls and inundated many parts of the capital -- with depths of up to three meters  9.8 feet  reported in northern districts , such as Rangsit and Lumlukka . But with about 400 million cubic meters of water being drained into the sea every day , the floodwater could be drained out of the capital in 11 days , he said . Despite this optimism , the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration is throwing up more flood barriers to protect the center of the city . A system of half-ton sandbags known as "  Big Bag " dikes stretching 6 kilometers  3.72 miles  is almost complete along the main Rangsit Muang Ek road , which snakes out to the north of Bangkok . But Supparathit warned that some angry residents in the worst-hit areas of northern Bangkok have been destroying flood barriers because they feel their districts have been sacrificed to protect the CBD . "  Upstream the flood level is three meters , while further downstream it is less than 0.5 meters  1.6 feet  , " he explained . "  So the people upstream say this is unfair for them . " He said these people needed better information from the government . Earlier this week , Prime Minister Yingluk Shinawatra appealed for people to consider their actions . "  Please do n't destroy the big-bag dike and other barriers , " Yingluck wrote on her official Facebook page . "  Please think about the overall benefit so we can get through this problem together . " "  But what should we do ? " asked Romeo Romei , a factory owner from Rangsit . "  We are just left to deal with water that is going nowhere . " Many Bangkok residents opted to to defy government advice to evacuate and remained behind to protect their homes . As a result they are worried about tainted water , disease and sanitation , as massive piles of garbage stack up around them . Tide marks on the walls of many of their houses in this part of the city show that the water level has dropped only slightly in almost a month , which suggests the 11-day prediction for the floodwaters to drain out of Bangkok may be ambitious . "  It will take at least a month , " said Supparathit of Thailand 's worst floods in 50 years . But that of course depends on those mighty pumps .	A series of flood defenses are preventing flooding in Bangkok 's central business district Thailand 's worst flooding in 50 years has devastated outlying parts of the capital Angry residents in north Bangkok say neighborhoods sacrificed for "  CBD " Residents : Predictions that floodwater will be drained from Bangkok in 11 days too optimistic
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Washington notables broke ground on the future home of the Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday , symbolically starting construction on the biggest federal building project in the Washington area since the Pentagon 68 years ago . Rendering of future Coast Guard headquarters , with green roof designed to capture and reuse water . The project will bring together more than 15,000 employees now scattered in 35 offices in the region , placing them on a 176-acre campus strewn with historic buildings in a long-neglected corner of Washington , five miles from the Capitol building . Department leaders hope the $ 3.4 billion consolidation will help the department fulfill its core mission -- protecting the homeland -- in ways big and small . "  It will help us hold meetings , " Secretary Janet Napolitano said . "  It will help us build that culture of ` One DHS . ' " At the groundbreaking , political leaders shoveled dirt with care , but pitched historical references and metaphors with abandon . "  I do have a kind of paternalistic feeling towards DHS , " said Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , an early advocate for creating the department . "  I feel like we 've finally given a home to this child we 've created , which is finally reaching maturity . " Lieberman likened the creation of the department 's headquarters to the creation of the Pentagon . Ground was broken on the Pentagon on September 11 , 1941 , exactly 60 years before the 2001 terrorist attacks , he noted . President Franklin Roosevelt planned the defense consolidation , Lieberman said , because he knew war was imminent and felt it could be coordinated more efficiently from one location . The Department of Homeland Security also will benefit by consolidation , Lieberman said . The site today has the appearance of a sprawling college campus -- although one stuck in time . Established by Congress in 1855 as the Government Hospital for the Insane and later renamed St. Elizabeths , the campus has 62 buildings built between the 1850s and 1940 . The federal government plans to preserve 52 of the historic buildings , which are in varying stages of decay . Of the 10 buildings to be destroyed , eight are greenhouses that have major structural damage . Some $ 650 million in Department of Homeland Security and General Services Administration federal stimulus money is expediting some of the rehabilitation , the latter agency said . The project also includes large amounts of new construction . The first building , a 1.8 million-square-foot U.S. Coast Guard headquarters , will cost about $ 435 million and is scheduled for completion in 2013 . The building will include "  green roofs " and landscaped courtyards to capture and reuse surface water . Former Homeland Security Adviser Fran Townsend said the department is right to consolidate its facilities but cautioned it wo n't make the huge differences some people claim it will . "  For one thing , what we know is St. Elizabeths is not big enough to hold all of their headquarters components , " she said . And while the department needs to be far enough away from downtown Washington to survive an attack , it "  suffers from not having a presence on the National Mall just like all the other major agencies , " she said . City officials were ebullient Wednesday about the prospect of a blighted area being transformed . The gated campus borders some of Washington 's most violent streets . "  They 're going to try us , and they 're going to like us , " said Eleanor Holmes Norton , the District of Columbia 's delegate to Congress . Councilman Marion Barry , who has long complained the area is ignored by the federal government , tweaked visitors at the groundbreaking . "  I hope most of you had your GPS 's working , " he said .	It 's biggest federal building project in D.C. area since Pentagon 68 years ago Complex to be on campus of historic buildings in long-neglected part of D.C. Project to gather more than 15,000 employees now scattered in 35 offices First new building : Coast Guard headquarters , costing about $ 435 million
A 29-year-old who admitted leaking details of a secret U.S. government program that collects massive phone and Internet data now says he does n't want attention . Too late , Edward Snowden . You 're getting it -- on every scale , good and bad , across the Internet on social media and on every news broadcast . People of every age and range of experience , including national security experts , are weighing in on what you 've done . Some love you , others despise you . You 're now a lightning rod for spirited debate surrounding government transparency versus public protection against the threat of terrorism . Like WikiLeaks ' source Bradley Manning , now on trial for leaking secrets , Snowden said he independently decided that the program was counter to American principles and should be revealed . "  There is no public oversight , " he told the Guardian newspaper . Like Manning , he went outside the system , and critics are blasting the computer expert for not airing concerns internally . Snowden 's actions have united some strange bedfellows . Left-leaning filmmaker Michael Moore and right-leaning commentator Glenn Beck tweeted that they think he 's a "  hero . " Democratic senators Ron Wyden of Oregon and Mark Udall of Colorado and Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky say they 're worried the government could be overreaching with the program . Opensecrets.org lists Snowden as contributing to the 2012 presidential campaign of Rand Paul 's father , libertarian Ron Paul . Dozens of Facebook pages supporting Snowden have popped up in the past day . There are at least 2 million mentions of the North Carolina native on Twitter . Comments are so wide-ranging it 's hard to put a finger on one theme , but social media aggregator BuzzFeed says that the word "  hero " pops up more on Twitter than "  traitor . " Snowden 's strongest critics are using terrorism and incidents like the Boston bombings and 9/11 to explain why government monitoring is necessary to head off attacks . They say he should have kept what he was working on quiet to protect the public . Some added that they do n't mind being watched . If they are doing nothing wrong , they argue , then they have nothing to fear from a monitoring program . For all anyone knows , Snowden might have been taking all this in Monday through his laptop in his hotel room in Hong Kong . On Sunday , he outted himself a Guardian video interview . He must have known the stakes ; after the first reports in the Guardian , the U.S. Justice Department said it was beginning a criminal investigation into the leak . On Sunday , Snowden told the newspaper , "  I have no intention of hiding who I am because I know I have done nothing wrong . " Snowden told the newspaper that while he admires Manning and Daniel Ellsberg , famous for leaking the Pentagon Papers during the Vietnam war , he considers himself different from Manning because he "  carefully evaluated every single document " to "  ensure that each was legitimately in the public interest . " "  There are all sorts of documents that would have made a big impact that I did n't turn over , because harming people is n't my goal , " he said . "  Transparency is . " But no matter his intention , he says he 's paying a price . The newspaper gave details of his comfortable life before he became a leaker , saying that he walked away from a $ 200,000 job for Booz Allen Hamilton , which let him work from his Hawaii home . Booz Allen Hamilton is a private consulting firm the government contracted to work on the program . Afraid the government would come after him , the paper said , he told his girlfriend he had to go away for a bit and has been living in a hotel room and stuffing pillows under his door to thwart eavesdroppers . Staying at the hotel is expensive enough , the Guardian said , but room service is killing him . Snowden is hoping a country will offer him political asylum -- a wish reminiscent of notorious WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . Like Assange , Snowden may be already on a path to cult status . "  Yeah , man , going to try and get this page big and then get donations for his lawyers , " wrote Rob Williams on one of many Facebook pages supporting Snowden . "  Very courageous what this man has done , " Williams wrote , on a site with more than 1,000 "  likes . " The focus should n't be on Snowden , another page argued . "  It 's not about the government seeing who I call or what you Google , " Facebook poster Brett Foley wrote . "  This is about our government becoming an evil empire . " There are several anti-Snowden pages , too . Rob Edwards Ellison wrote that he supports sanctions against any nation that grants Snowden asylum . "  His alleged actions are not a political issue but rather a serious criminal matter for which the United States has the right to prosecute even if it means bringing the matter before the International Court in The Hague . " By noon Monday , CNN 's story on Snowden had generated nearly 10,700 comments . Some commenters are citing the Boston bombings and 9/11 to justify government monitoring . Annie Mee said she was "  impressed " with Snowden but "  when people found out the Boston Bombers had been under surveillance by the FBI , people demanded to know why MORE had n't been done . "  So how do you want it , people ? You ca n't have it both ways . " Snowden 's actions are not tantamount to spying or aiding the enemy , argued a CNN commenter "  Bacon2014 . " "  It 's one thing to expose national secrets that are meant for foreign espionage . That 's treason . That said , this man exposed a secret spying operation on US citizens - both innocent and otherwise . We have a Constitutional right against such intrusions . That 's not traitorous ... "  I am all for punishing people who expose national secrets . I am very against the whole concept of WikiLeaks . But this is different . Exposing the government 's violation of our constitutional rights is contextually the opposite of treason . " Some readers suggested those outraged by the government 's program are being naive about terrorists . "  You 'd prefer that terrorists operate in comfort with the knowledge that you 'll be fighting for their privacy ? " Jermaine in Atlanta said . "  Why would you not want the US government to be able to have all the information it can have when it comes to protecting itself and its people ? " Gregory Keener shot back , "  The threat of terrorism does NOT justify abandoning constitutional principals  sic  ... the invasion of privacy of millions without ANY reasonable suspicion for the vast majority . " While observers continued to debate , a person with a unique understanding of the situation appeared on CNN Monday morning . Former FBI agent Coleen Rowley gained notoriety in 2002 when a scathing memo she wrote about the agency became public . She criticized the FBI for mishandling the investigation of terrorism suspect Zacarias Moussaoui before the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Rowley said top bureau officials stymied a wider investigation into Moussaoui , then held in Minnesota on immigration charges . She also accused FBI officials of acting to "  circle the wagons " after the attacks on New York and Washington . Moussaoui was later charged as a conspirator in those attacks , which killed more than 3,000 people . Rowley was one of three whistle-blowers featured as Time magazine 's Persons of the Year in December 2002 . "  I 'm sure  Snowden  has a healthy awareness of the bumpy road ahead of him , " Rowley said , adding that she felt it was "  sad " that "  American truth tellers " have to go to another country . But Rowley worked within the system , and that 's what she says separates her from Snowden . What do you think ? Was Snowden right to leak ? Tell us below .	Dozens of Facebook pages support or criticize the NSA leaker Some say he 's a hero championing transparency ; others call him a traitor Edward Snowden 's actions have united strange bedfellows Snowden told the Guardian he admires Bradley Manning but he 's different
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Barack Obama did more than thump John McCain in the Electoral College tally ; he also handily won the popular vote and redrew the great divide between red states and blue states . Barack Obama addresses a crowd of more than 200,000 at Grant Park in Chicago , Illinois . Riding a Democratic tide that bolstered the party 's presence in both houses of Congress , Obama snared about 63 million votes to McCain 's 55.8 million , according to totals early Wednesday . According to exit polls , Obama crushed McCain among women voters  56 percent to 43 percent  ; voters under 30  66 percent to 32 percent  ; African-American voters  95 percent to 4 percent  ; Latino voters  66 percent to 32 percent  ; first-time voters  68 percent to 31 percent  ; and voters making less than $ 100,000 a year  55 percent to 43 percent  . "  I think this is the passing of an old order , " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said as the results rolled in Tuesday night and the outcome became increasingly evident . Read what analysts had to say about the victory " "  I think what we see ... is a new coalition , a new order emerging . It is n't quite there , but with Barack Obama , for the first time , it 's won . It is the Latino vote we just heard about . It is the bigger black vote that came out . Very importantly , it 's the youth vote , the 18-to-29-year-old , " said the Harvard University professor and former presidential adviser . Watch Obama pay tribute to McCain " Early voting totals in the East suggested things would go traditionally , with McCain taking most of the Southeast , Obama most of the Northeast . But then things quickly changed , as the senator from Illinois struck -- first in Pennsylvania and then in the Midwest state of Ohio , states McCain had to win in his bid for the Oval Office . Obama then delivered an uppercut in Virginia , a state that had not voted for a Democratic president since 1964 . See your state 's county-by-county totals As polls closed from East to West , Obama kept hammering McCain , as he snatched away Iowa , Colorado , New Mexico and Nevada -- states that had been in President Bush 's column in 2004 . And Wednesday morning , Obama added Indiana to the list of states he 'd turned from red to blue . Indiana had n't voted for a Democrat since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 . Missouri and North Carolina were still counting votes Wednesday , but it appeared one or two of them could become blue-state converts as well . With McCain on the ropes , an Obama victory in Florida sounded the death knell . What 's next for Illinois and Delaware ? " When Indiana fell into Obama 's column Wednesday morning , he had a 349-163 lead over his rival in electoral votes , with only 26 undecided . As he claimed victory Tuesday night , Obama told supporters , "  change has come to America . " "  The road ahead will be long . Our climb will be steep . We may not get there in one year or even one term , but America -- I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there . I promise you -- we as a people will get there , " Obama said in Chicago before an estimated crowd of up to 240,000 people . With Obama 's win , he becomes the first African-American to win the White House . McCain pledged Tuesday night to help Obama lead . Watch more on the balance of power " "  Today , I was a candidate for the highest office in the country I love so much , and tonight , I remain her servant , " McCain said . The senator from Arizona called Obama to congratulate him , and Obama told him that he was eager to sit down and talk about how the two of them can work together . Obama will also be working with a heavily Democratic Congress . Democrats picked up Senate seats in New Hampshire , New Jersey , North Carolina and Virginia , among others . Read about the Senate races But Obama pledged to work across party lines and listen to the 46 percent of voters who chose McCain . "  While the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight , we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress , " Obama said . "  To those Americans whose support I have yet to earn -- I may not have won your vote , but I hear your voices , I need your help , and I will be your president , too , " he said . Watch Obama tell voters "  all things are possible " " And he recited the words of Abraham Lincoln , the first Republican in White House , to call for unity . "  As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours , ` We are not enemies , but friends ... though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection , ' " Obama said . Watch a discussion of what Obama should do first " Supporters in Chicago cheering , "  Yes , we can , " were met with cries of "  Yes , we did . " Bush also called Obama to offer his congratulations . The president told Obama he was about to begin one of the great journeys of his life , and invited him to the White House as soon as it could be arranged , according to White House spokeswoman Dana Perino . More than 1,000 people gathered outside the White House , chanting "  Obama , Obama ! " Sen. Hillary Clinton , Obama 's former rival for the Democratic nomination , said in a statement that "  we are celebrating an historic victory for the American people . " iReport.com : Share your Election Day reaction with CNN "  This was a long and hard fought campaign , but the result was well worth the wait . Together , under the leadership of President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and a Democratic Congress , we will chart a better course to build a new economy and rebuild our leadership in the world . " Sen. Edward Kennedy said Americans "  spoke loud and clear " in electing Obama . "  They understood his vision of a fairer and more just America and embraced it . They heard his call for a new generation of Americans to participate in government and were inspired . They believed that change is possible and voted to be part of America 's future , " the Massachusetts Democrat said in a statement . Voters expressed excitement and pride in their country after casting their ballots in the historic election . Poll workers reported high turnout across many parts of the country , and some voters waited hours to cast their ballots . Read about election problems Tuesday marked the end of the longest presidential campaign season in U.S. history -- 21 months . Obama , 47 , will begin his transition to the White House . He will be sworn in as the 44th president on January 20 .	NEW : Obama claims Indiana , 349-163 electoral vote advantage Barack Obama scores wins with women , African-Americans , young voters Obama to voters : "  Change has come to America " Obama will be working with heavily Democratic Congress
Tribune Media Services  -- Six hundred years ago , Brussels was just a nice place to stop and buy a waffle on the way to France . Today , it 's a city of 1.8 million , the capital of Belgium , the headquarters of NATO and the political center of the European Union . It may be easy to skip as you zip from Amsterdam to Paris by train , but its rich brew of food and culture pleasantly surprises those who stop . Its magnificent grand square , rightly named La Grand Place , alone makes a visit worthwhile . When in Brussels , try mussels with a side of crispy fries , or frites . The city is still buzzing over the opening of its new Magritte Museum in June . With more than 250 paintings , it has the world 's largest collection of works by surrealist Rene Magritte , who famously painted a picture of a pipe and wrote on the canvas "  this is not a pipe . " Take time to wander through Brussels ' other excellent museums . The Ancient Art Museum , featuring Flemish and Belgian art , has a dazzling collection of masterpieces by Van der Weyden , Breughel , Bosch and Rubens . The Museum of Modern Art next door also makes for an enjoyable stroll . Brussels has its silliness , too . Its mascot is the Manneken-Pis , a fountain statue of a little boy who lives up to his name . You 'll find him three blocks off La Grand Place , possibly wearing some clever outfit . By tradition , countries send him costumes from around the world . Cases full of these are on display in the City Museum on La Grand Place . The Atomium , another of Brussels ' offbeat attractions , looms on the edge of town . This gigantic , silvery iron "  molecule " has escalators connecting the various "  atoms , " fun space-age videos and a view from the top sphere . If you 're scared of heights or tight spaces , tell your friends you 'll wave to them ... from the ground . If you 're hungry , muscle your way into a restaurant to order mussels in Brussels . They 're served everywhere . You get a big-enough-for-two bucket and a pile of fries . Use an empty shell to tweeze out the rest of the mussels . Do n't call fried potatoes "  French fries . " Belgian fries  "  frites "  taste so good because they 're deep-fried twice -- once to cook , and once to brown . The locals dunk them in mayonnaise , especially delicious if the mayo is flavored with garlic . My favorite budget meal in Brussels is having simple pub grub in an atmospheric old pub with a gaggle of "  beer pilgrims , " who 've flocked here from around the world to appreciate some of Europe 's best brew and selection -- more than 300 Belgian varieties . To get a budget hotel deal , visit in peak season without a reservation , when the city 's fancy business-class hotels rent rooms for half-price . Normal hotel prices are high , but if you arrive in July , August or on a Friday or Saturday night any other time , three-star hotels abound with amazing summer rates -- you can rent a double room with enough comforts to keep a diplomat happy , including a fancy breakfast , for about $ 85 . Go through the tourist information office to get the best price . If you 're nervous about traveling without advance reservations , contact the tourist office by email  info@visitflanders.be  and ask which business-class hotels will have special rates during your visit . Bone up on bonjour and s ` il vous plait . Brussels speaks French . Though the city  and country  is officially bilingual and filled with foreign visitors , 80 percent of the locals speak French first and English second , if at all . Belgium is split between Wallonia in the south , where they speak French , and Flanders in the north , where they speak Flemish , a dialect of Dutch . French-speakers have often dominated the national government , which irks the Flemish , who comprise about 60 percent of the Belgian population . The longstanding rivalry has made it increasingly difficult for the Belgian Parliament to form a stable coalition government . One prime minister recently said that Belgians are united only by the king , a love of beer and the national soccer team . While the Belgians debate their unity , Brussels is the administrative center of the European Union . It hosts business people from around the world -- only Washington , D.C. , has more lobbyists . When Europeans have a gripe , this is where they demonstrate . The European Parliament , a towering complex of glass skyscrapers , has 785 members representing 28 countries and more than 450 million citizens . Take the audioguide tour . It 's exciting just to be here -- a mouse in the corner of a place that aspires to chart the future of Europe . Brussels is one of Europe 's great secrets . A trade boom 500 years ago left this city with striking art and stately architecture . And it 's once again a trade and cultural center of Europe . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
Washington  CNN  -- The 17-year sentence given to convicted terrorist plotter Jose Padilla was ruled too lenient by a federal appeals court on Monday , a legal victory for the Obama administration . A divided 2-1 panel of the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals said the federal judge presiding over the 2007 conspiracy trial did not properly take into account the former gang member 's past criminal history when sentencing him . Padilla and two others were found guilty of conspiracy to murder U.S. citizens and provide material support to terrorists . "  Padilla 's sentence is substantively unreasonable because it ... does not adequately account for his risk of recidivism , was based partly on an impermissible comparison to sentences imposed in other terrorism cases , and was based in part on inappropriate factors , " said the majority . "  First , the district court acknowledged that Padilla had a criminal history but then unreasonably discounted this criminal history when it imposed a sentence . The presentence investigation report classified Padilla as a career offender , pursuant to -LSB- federal law -RSB- because of his extensive criminal history , which included 17 arrests and a murder conviction . " Padilla was originally arrested nearly a decade ago on accusations he planned to set off radioactive "  dirty bombs " in the United States . He had been held for 3 Â 1/2 years as an "  enemy combatant " in military confinement , without being charged in that alleged plot . His later convictions were not related to those accusations , and prosecutors did not present the "  dirty bomb " plot to the jury . He and co-defendants Adham Hassoun and Kifan Jayyousi were also found guilty of the three counts charged : conspiracy to murder , kidnap , and maim people in a foreign country ; conspiracy to provide material support for terrorists ; and providing material support for terrorists . The appeals panel upheld the convictions and sentences of the other two defendants but said Padilla 's prison term was too light , ordering the trial judge to resentence him . The judges supporting the tougher sentence were Chief Judge Joel Dubina -- a George H.W. Bush appointee -- and William Pryor , a George W. Bush appointee . The order did not include a deadline for resentencing . A federal court jury in Miami in August 2007 had deliberated for just under two days before handing down the guilty verdicts . Padilla received a "  fair trial and a just verdict , " the Bush White House said in a statement at the time , but the administration decided to appeal the sentence . The Obama administration picked up the case in 2009 . There was no immediate reaction to the appeals ruling from either Padilla 's legal team or the Justice Department . During the trial , prosecutors played more than 70 intercepted phone calls among the defendants for jurors , including seven that featured Padilla , now 40 . He is a Brooklyn-born convert to Islam who also is referred to in court papers as Abu Abdullah al Mujahir . FBI agent John Kavanaugh testified that the calls were made in code , which Padilla used to discuss traveling overseas to fight with Islamic militants , along with side trips to Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan . Padilla 's lawyers had argued he never spoke in code . His voice is heard on only seven of 300,000 taped conversations . In dissent in Monday 's ruling , Judge Rosemary Barkett questioned Kavanaugh 's testimony , saying his "  opinion testimony should have been excluded because he was never qualified as an expert and did not have the requisite firsthand knowledge to offer his lay opinion . " She also said the appeals court should not have questioned the trial judge 's discretion over the sentence . The Supreme Court in 2004 had heard Padilla 's original appeal over his former enemy - combatant status , claiming he deserved a chance to contest his prior military detention on constitutional grounds . He was arrested in May 2002 at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport as he returned from overseas , where he had been living . He was detained as a material witness in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks investigation . President George W. Bush designated him an "  enemy combatant " the following month and turned him over to the military . He was one of the few terror suspects designated by the U.S. as an enemy combatant since 9/11 . Padilla was held in a South Carolina naval brig for 3 1/2 years before the government brought criminal charges against him . In November 2006 , he was added to an existing indictment in south Florida , which said Padilla and his co-defendants belonged to a North American terrorist support cell and intended to carry out jihad , or holy war , in foreign countries . He was originally accused of , but never charged with , being a potential "  dirty bomber , " allegedly plotting to detonate a crude explosive device laden with radioactive materials in the United States . Those allegations were not included in the criminal indictment . Two other enemy combatants eventually were sent overseas to the custody of other nations . The Obama administration has since abandoned using the term "  enemy combatant . " The current White House has been criticized for continuing many of the anti-terror policies of the Bush administration , including military prosecutions of high-value suspected terrorists held in Guantanamo Bay . But some conservatives have also slammed President Barack Obama for his previous desire to close the prison facility in Cuba and prosecute terrorists in civilian federal courts in the United States . That policy has since been abandoned . " Those three cases that include Padilla , as well as other appeals from foreign nationals held as enemy combatants overseas at a U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , have tested the government 's power to interrogate captives without allowing them regular access to a lawyer or the judicial system , on the grounds that they may pose a future threat or know about pending terrorist attacks . The current ruling is U.S. v. Padilla  08-10494  .	17 years too little time for convicted terror plotter , federal appeals court rules Ruling : Federal judge in 2007 trial did n't weigh criminal history adequately Dissenter : Lower-court judge 's sentencing discretion should n't be question Jose Padilla , 40 , a former gang member , plotted to set off "  dirty bombs "
CNN  -- A U.S. citizen injured in a 1997 suicide bombing in Jerusalem is claiming money from the Warwick New York Hotel , which will host Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for the upcoming annual U.N. assembly , the man 's lawyer says . Stuart Hersh was in a mall when the Hamas terrorist organization carried out the attack . In 2003 , a U.S. District Court awarded Hersh $ 12 million from the Iranian government , ruling it was responsible for supplying and training the suicide bombers . Hersh says he never received money from Iran . "  We want to be entitled to the money of Ahmadinejad and his delegations , " Hersh 's lawyer , Nitsana Darshan-Leitner , told CNN . "  We believe it belongs to us as a judgment holder . " Hersh has filed a claim against the Warwick hoping to either collect the money that the Iranian government will pay the hotel for the Iranian president 's stay , or be granted use of the rooms that Ahmadinejad and his entourage would use . "  If he needs a place to stay , let him sleep in the subways " Hersh told CNN . He also added a restraining order restricting Ahmadinejad and his group from using the hotel rooms until the court reaches a decision , Darshan-Leitner said . "  He owes me $ 12 million , " Hersh said . "  He 's spending money that should be mine . " The Iranian government will be spending between $ 10,000 and $ 15,000 a night on accommodations at the Warwick , which could result in $ 75,000 to $ 100,000 for Hersh , Darshan-Leitner said . Hersh and his wife now live in Israel and say they will not move back to the United States until they feel justice has been served . Originally from Fresh Meadows in the Queens borough of New York City , Hersh said he can not afford to travel to his home state but would make the trip if he were awarded the rooms . He said he would "  invite other terror victims to join him and max out room service on Iran 's credit card . " Hersh says he has withstood a heart attack , a perforated colon , colon cancer and diabetes , all of which he attributes to post traumatic stress disorder resulting from looking the terrorists in the face before they blew themselves up in 1997 . At 63 , he still suffers chest pains and hearing loss from the attack . "  All I want is the money that 's due to us and we do n't want the American people to pay for it , " Hersh said . "  I do n't want them paying disability to me , I want the money from Iran . " He holds Ahmadinejad accountable for withholding the money , and the American government accountable for letting him get away without paying it . "  This is not sane , " Hersh said . "  That a man can come into the U.S. and enjoy American luxury and not have to pay for his crimes . " Since 2003 , Hersh has laid claim to Iranian money in lawsuits throughout the United States and Europe , he said . A few years after being awarded the $ 12 million , Hersh won the rights to a house that the shah of Iran had bought for his son in Lubbock , Texas , and sold the house for around half a million dollars , according to Darshan-Leitner . Hersh also filed lawsuits in Chicago and Boston , claiming the rights to Iranian artifacts lent to the University of Chicago and Harvard University . Darshan-Leitner said each of those lawsuits is currently before a court of appeal . The Warwick did not respond to inquiries about the legal papers that Darshan-Leitner said were delivered to the hotel Thursday . Family of Marine imprisoned in Iran pleads for his release Canada severs ties with Iran	Stuart Hersh wants the Warwick Hotel to give him the money Iran pays for its officials ' rooms A U.S. court awarded him $ 12 million from Iran for injuries in a bombing Ahmadinejad is coming to New York for the annual United Nations assembly As an alternative to the money , Hersh said he 'll take Ahmadinejad 's rooms
CNN  -- Interim Honduran President Roberto Micheletti installed himself as leader of a new unity government late Thursday , a move that drew condemnation from ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya . Making a late night public announcement , Micheletti said his entire cabinet had resigned to clear the way for a reconciliation cabinet to be named . "  This cabinet is a result of an ample participation of different sectors of civil society as well as the political parties , " he said . "  Tonight with this new government , we 're answering the call for the unity of all people of Honduras . " He did not identify any of the new cabinet members . Representatives for Micheletti and Zelaya signed an agreement October 30 to form a reconciliation government that would rule until a new president , to be chosen in a November 29 election , takes office in January . The deal included the possibility of Zelaya 's reinstatement to the presidency , but contained no guarantee . The pact called for the unity government to be named by Thursday . The agreement also stipulated that the nation 's congress , in consultation with the supreme court and other institutions , would vote on whether Zelaya would be returned to power . That vote did not occur Thursday . Zelaya told local media that Micheletti 's actions violated the accord , which he called "  a dead letter . " The reconciliation government , he said , must be led by the democratically elected president of Honduras . "  How can a person who has not been elected by anyone lead a government ? " he said . Zelaya was flown out of the country by the country 's military June 28 but secretly returned to Honduras on September 21 , obtaining refuge in the Brazilian Embassy . Micheletti sent Zelaya a letter earlier this week asking him for the names of people the deposed president would like to have in the unity government . Zelaya did not answer the letter . Micheletti said Zelaya 's refusal to answer gave the interim president the right to name all the members of a new government . "  With this agreement , we have made an important step to strengthen our democracy , " Micheletti said . "  Despite the fact that Mister Zelaya did not send any of his representatives ... we 're still looking for an opportunity for these citizens of Honduras to be integrated in the government of reconciliation . " The Organization of American States , the United Nations , the European Union and the United States condemned the coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated . The United States and others imposed economic sanctions , which some analysts say have started to hurt Honduras . Many nations , including the United States , also said they would not recognize the winner of this month 's presidential election if the vote is held under Micheletti 's rule . The United States seemed to shift that position after last week 's accord . Thomas Shannon , assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs , told CNN en Español this week that the United States would recognize the winner of this month 's presidential election even if Zelaya is not returned to power beforehand . Shannon played a key role in obtaining last week 's agreement . The political crisis stemmed from Zelaya 's desire to hold a referendum that could have changed the constitution to allow longer terms for the president . The country 's congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court had ruled it illegal . Micheletti and his supporters say Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power and not a coup .	Interim President Roberto Micheletti announces formation of new unity government Unity government formed without input of deposed Honduran President Manuel Zelaya Negotiators for Zelaya and Micheletti reached unity deal last week Zelaya calls last week 's accord a "  dead letter "
CNN  -- Police in Switzerland hunted Friday for two inmates who escaped in a prison break staged by a pair of armed accomplices . The two prisoners who escaped from Orbe prison Thursday evening were named by the Vaud canton 's police department as serial criminal Adrian Albrecht , 53 , and Milan Poparic , 34 , a Bosnian national . Poparic was jailed for robbery of a jewelry store in Neuchatel and is part of the "  Pink Panthers " group , the police statement said . According to the Interpol website , the Pink Panthers are behind armed robberies targeting high-end jewelry stores in Europe , the Middle East , Asia and the United States . Drag queens , fake beards and chocolates : Notable diamond heists The loosely associated network of criminals has hundreds of members and is believed to have stolen jewelry worth more than â ‚ ¬ 300 million  $ 396 million  since 1999 , it said . Several inmates were exercising in an outside area under the supervision of prison officers and private security guards when the two accomplices used vehicles to breach a gate and barbed wire barriers around the prison grounds . They brought two ladders to help Poparic and Albrecht escape over the barbed-wire of the prison yard , police said . At the same time , the accomplices directed bursts of automatic weapon fire toward the prison officers and security guards to keep them at bay . The security personnel were able to take cover and no one was hurt , police said . The four men then torched one of the two vehicles and drove off in the other , a gray-colored vehicle . Police patrols , canine teams and security officers are combing the area for clues to their whereabouts . The border guards and French police are also involved in the hunt for the four men , police said . Orbe , a town in Switzerland 's western Vaud canton , or state , is not far from the French border .	Swiss police are hunting two escaped prisoners and their two accomplices Police : One of the inmates belongs to the Pink Panthers , an international jewel theft gang The two accomplices used vehicles , ladders and automatic weapons to overcome security The four men escaped in a gray-colored vehicle , police said
CNN  -- Late actor James Gandolfini 's will left large amounts of money to family and friends , with much of it going to his teenage son , Michael , according to a copy of his will made public Wednesday . Gandolfini , who found fame in the hit HBO series "  The Sopranos , " died of a heart attack last month in Rome at age 51 . Besides receiving all of his father 's clothing and jewelry , 14-year-old Michael is the beneficiary of a $ 7 million life insurance policy owned by a trust set up in his name . The trust also has the option to purchase Gandolfini 's Greenwich Village condominium in New York . Michael lives with his mother , Gandolfini 's first wife , in California . Gandolfini 's widow , Deborah Lin , receives all of Gandolfini 's tangible property , aside from the clothing and jewelry . The will says Gandolfini made other provisions for Lin not listed in the will . Both Michael and his half-sister , 8-month-old Liliana Ruth , receive a 50 % stake in property Gandolfini owns in Italy . It 's being held by a trust and will be available when Liliana turns 25 . "  It is my hope and desire that they will continue to own said property and keep it in our family for as long as possible , " Gandolfini states in the will . "  The Sopranos " star left $ 500,000 to each of his nieces , Laura and Jenna Antonacci , and $ 200,000 each to his assistant , Trixie Flynn Bourne , and friend Thomas Richardson . His godson Robert Parish receives $ 100,000 , and friends Fatima Bae and Doug Katz each receive $ 50,000 . The remainder of his estate is divided among his direct family : Lin , Liliana , and Gandolfini 's sisters Johanna Antonacci and Leta Gandolfini . Friends , family and fans mourn Gandolfini in NYC funeral	His 14-year-old son receives $ 7 million in a life insurance policy His son and daughter share Gandolfini 's property in Italy Gandolfini 's nieces each receive $ 500,000 "  The Sopranos " actor died last month at age 51
CNN  -- Ayman al-Zawahiri emerged from a privileged upbringing in Egypt to become one of the world 's most wanted terrorists and now , the leader of the most notorious terror group : al Qaeda . The bespectacled 59-year-old surgeon formally merged his group , Egyptian Islamic Jihad , with al Qaeda in 1998 , becoming then-leader Osama bin Laden 's personal physician and closest confidant . A month and a half after bin Laden 's death in a U.S. raid on his compound in Pakistan , al-Zawahiri has been appointed the new leader of al Qaeda , according to a statement posted on several jihadist websites Thursday . Al-Zawahiri and al Qaeda has been blamed for numerous terrorist attacks worldwide , mainly on Western targets , including the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , on New York and Washington that killed nearly 3,000 people . After the attacks , the U.S. State Department offered a $ 25 million award for information leading to al-Zawahiri 's apprehension . An Islamic fundamentalist , al-Zawahiri joined the outlawed Egyptian Islamic Jihad group as a teenager , being jailed twice for helping plot assassinations of two Egyptian leaders . He eventually became the group 's leader , which was dedicated to the creation of an Islamic state in Egypt , and in the 1980s he joined Mujahedeen fighting Soviet forces in Afghanistan . There he befriended and joined forces with bin Laden . Before and after 9/11 , al-Zawahiri appeared on numerous video and audiotapes calling for attacks against Western targets and urging Muslims to support his cause . At that time he was thought of as second-in-charge to bin Laden , analyst have said . From a prominent Egyptian family Born on June 19 , 1951 , al-Zawahiri grew up in an upper-class neighborhood in Cairo , the son of a prominent physician and grandson of renowned scholars . "  He used to write poetry to his mother , " said Mahfouz Azzam , al-Zawahiri 's uncle , calling his nephew quiet , studious and deeply religious . "  He was known as a good Muslim , keen to pray at the mosque and to read and to think and to have his own positions . " As a 16-year-old medical student in the 1960s , al-Zawahiri became involved in the Islamic fundamentalist movement rolling through Egypt . Authorities arrested and charged him with being part of a Muslim Brotherhood plot to overthrow President Gamal Abdel Nasser . After Anwar Sadat 's election as Egyptian president , al-Zawahiri worked to overthrow Sadat , said Dia'a Rashwan , a specialist in Islamic movements . After Sadat made peace with Israel , members of Egyptian Islamic Jihad assassinated him . Zawahiri was arrested shortly after in a security sweep of Islamic militants . In a 1981 trial , as defendant No. 113 , he was convicted on weapons charges , but not for being part of the assassination plot , and sentenced to three years in prison . He spent three years in prison , where by his own and other accounts he was tortured severely . When President Hosni Mubarak assumed power after Sadat 's assassination , al-Zawahiri sought his overthrow as well . Rise to power Egyptian officials linked Egyptian Islamic Jihad to the 1995 bombing of the Egyptian Embassy in Pakistan . Due to his charisma and fluent English , al-Zawahiri emerged as a sort of international spokesman for the imprisoned Islamic activists . "  We want to speak to the whole world , " he said in 1983 . "  We are Muslims who believe in our religion . ... We are here , the real Islamic front and the real Islamic opposition . " By the time al-Zawahiri got out of prison , he had moved into the top ranks of the militants . He left Egypt in 1985 and made his way to Peshawar , Pakistan , where he worked as a surgeon treating the fighters who were waging holy war against Soviet troops in Afghanistan . That is where al-Zawahiri met bin Laden , a prominent Mujahedeen leader and who also had left behind a privileged upbringing to join the fight in Afghanistan . The two became close , linked by their common bond as "  Afghan Arabs . " After the war against the Soviets ended , al-Zawahiri was unable to return to Egypt . Instead , he joined bin Laden in Sudan , where he planned terror activities , including an attack on the Egyptian Embassy in Pakistan . He was also linked to assassination attempts on several Egyptian politicians . Ali Mohammed , a fellow Egyptian and Islamic Jihad member living in the United States , testified al-Zawahiri actually visited the United States twice on fund-raising trips in the early 1990s , including to a mosque in Santa Clara , California . The group , meanwhile , stepped up its violent campaign against the Egyptian government , blowing up its embassy in Pakistan in 1995 and trying to assassinate several top Egyptian politicians . A new al Qaeda emerges After reuniting in Afghanistan , bin Laden and al-Zawahiri appeared together in early 1998 announcing the formation of the World Islamic Front for the Jihad Against the Jews and the Crusaders -- formally merging the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda , bin Laden 's group . The two issued a fatwa , or decree , that said , "  The judgment to kill and fight Americans and their allies , whether civilians or military , is an obligation for every Muslim . " Some Egyptians traced al-Zawahiri 's anger toward the United States to what many Afghan Arabs felt was the CIA 's betrayal to support their cause after the Soviets left Afghanistan and the country slipped into tribal anarchy . Others date al-Zawahiri 's wrath to 1998 , when U.S. officials pushed for the extradition of a number of Egyptian Islamic Jihad members from Albania to stand trial in Egypt for terrorism . In early August of that year , the al Hayat newspaper office in Cairo received a fax from Egyptian Islamic Jihad stating : "  We should like to inform the Americans that , in short , their message has been received and that they should read carefully the reply that will , with God 's help , be written in the language that they understand . " On August 7 , suicide bombers destroyed the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , killing 224 people . U.S. authorities later indicted both al-Zawahiri and bin Laden on charges they masterminded the terror bombings . An hour later , U.S. forces launched cruise missiles in retaliation for the embassy bombings , but al-Zawahiri and bin Laden escaped . A few days later , al-Zawahiri defiantly called a reporter and warned there would be more attacks . There were , including the attack on the USS Cole in October 2000 and a year later the attacks on New York and Washington . Levels of terror In 1999 , Egypt tried the Islamic Jihad members extradited from Albania . It also convicted and sentenced al-Zawahiri and his brothers Mohammed to death in absentia . Back in Afghanistan , al-Zawahiri continued to work with bin Laden and al Qaeda . Weeks after the 9/11 attacks , Interpol issued an arrest warrant for al-Zawahiri , alleging he "  masterminded several terrorist operations in Egypt " and accusing him of "  criminal complicity and management for the purpose of committing premeditated murder . " Since then , al-Zawahiri has raised his public profile , appearing on numerous video and audiotapes to urge Muslims to join the jihad against the United States and its allies . Some of his tapes have been followed closely by terrorist attacks . In May 2003 , for instance , almost simultaneous suicide bombings in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , killed 23 people , including nine Americans , days after a tape thought to contain al-Zawahiri 's voice was released . On an October 2002 tape , a voice thought to be al-Zawahiri 's said , "  America and its deputies should know that their crimes will not go unpunished . ... The settlement of this overburdened account will indeed be heavy . We will also aim to continue , by permission of Allah , the destruction of the American economy . " In a tape in 2005 , he threatened the French government for passing a law banning Muslim students in that country from wearing head scarves at school .	Al-Zawahiri is the son of a physician "  He used to write poetry to his mother " his uncle says He became involved in Islamic fundamentalism as a teenager He joined forces with bin Laden during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan
CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for tighter controls over tourism and other forms of pollution in Antarctica Monday , arguing for greater global cooperation to help preserve the continent 's environmental and scientific research value . The Dry Valley region of Antarctica has seen an increase in visits by tourists . Addressing a joint session of the Arctic Council and the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting in Baltimore , Maryland , Clinton said the Obama administration is concerned about the growing popularity of tourism in the southern polar region . She said the United States is proposing new international limits on the number of landings from tourist vessels , as well as greater cooperation to prevent potentially hazardous discharges from those ships . At the same time , the United States is proposing new requirements for lifeboats on tourist ships "  to make sure they can keep passengers alive until rescue comes , " Clinton noted . Aside from worrying about the environmental impact of tourism , the U.S. is "  concerned about the safety of the tourists and the suitability of the ships that make the journey south , " she said . Watch Clinton say how the Antarctic has been protected from war " The issue of tourism in the Antarctic has become an increasingly divisive issue in recent years , pitting scientists and preservationists against a travel industry seeking to capitalize on a growing demand for adventure and nature-oriented tours . Over 46,000 tourists visited Antarctica in the 2007-2008 tour season -- almost four times as many visitors as during the 2000-2001 season , according to the International Association of Antarctica Tour Operators . Clinton 's remarks came as the United States helped mark the 50th anniversary of the Antarctic Treaty , a model for "  how agreements created for one age can serve the world in another , " Clinton said . Clinton noted that President Obama sent the U.S. Senate an amendment to the treaty Friday that would spell out how the international community should better prevent and respond to environmental emergencies in Antarctica . The amendment would cover the question of liability tied to environmental damage in the ecologically sensitive region . In addition , the United States has proposed an extension of the treaty 's marine pollution rules "  in a manner that more accurately reflects the boundaries of the Antarctic ecosystem , " she noted . "  The treaty is a blueprint for the kind of international cooperation that will be needed more and more to address the challenges of the 21st century , " Clinton said . "  It is an example of smart power at its best : governments coming together around a common interest and citizens , scientists and institutions from different countries joined in scientific collaboration to advance peace and understanding . " Clinton argued that the treaty "  and its related instruments remain a key tool in our efforts to address an urgent threat of this time : climate change . " A number of international scientific research stations have been established in Antarctica in part to help explore the probable causes and effects of global warming . Twelve nations initially signed the Antarctic Treaty in 1959 ; 47 nations abide by it today . The accord specifies that Antarctic territory can not be used for military purposes . It bans , among other things , nuclear testing and the disposal of radioactive waste material on the continent . It also protects freedom for international scientific research in the region .	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton calls for limits on tourism in Antarctica U.S. is proposing new limits on the number of landings from tourist vessels Clinton addressed Arctic Council and Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting Twelve nations signed the Antarctic Treaty in 1959 ; 47 nations abide by it today
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- After a month of searching , investigators now have their "  most promising " lead yet in finding Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . A pinger locator in the Indian Ocean has detected signals consistent with those emitted by aircraft black boxes , the head of the Joint Agency Coordination Center said Monday . The sounds were heard at a depth of 4,500 meters  about 14,764 feet  , retired Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston said . "  We 've got a visual indication on a screen , and we 've also got an audible signal . And the audible signal sounds to me just like an emergency locator beacon , " Houston said . But it could take days before officials can confirm whether the signals did indeed come from the plane , which went missing March 8 with 239 people on board . "  Nothing happens fast , " Houston said . "  We have a promising lead , but we have yet to get confirming evidence . " The search official said Monday he was much more optimistic in finding the plane than he was a week ago . Still , Houston said , "  I would like us to find some wreckage . " Along with the hints that searchers may be getting close to the plane , a fresh mystery surfaced . The aircraft skirted Indonesian airspace as it went off the grid and veered off course , a senior Malaysian government source told CNN Sunday . The new analysis of the flight 's path means the plane may have been taken along a route designed to avoid radar detection , the source said . But why would someone steer the plane that way , and where is it now ? Those are key questions that investigators are trying to answer -- and fast . The HMS Echo , a British navy ship equipped with advanced detection gear , sailed into the area of the southern Indian Ocean on Monday morning  Sunday afternoon ET  where a Chinese crew had detected two audio signals . And an Australian navy vessel carrying sophisticated U.S. listening technology is investigating a sound it picked up in a different patch of the ocean . Investigators hope the signals could be locator beacons from the plane 's data recorders , but they 're not sure yet . Time could be running out . It might be only a few hours or a few days before the pingers aboard the plane stop transmitting for good . The batteries inside the beacons , which are designed to start sending signals when a plane crashes into water , last about 30 days after the devices are activated . That 30th day has come -- though experts have said it 's possible that they could last several days longer if they were at their full strength . Plane said to have flown around Indonesia As searchers tried to find the aircraft , investigators pieced together new details about the plane 's path . After reviewing radar track data from neighboring countries , officials have concluded that the passenger jet curved north of Indonesia before turning south toward the southern Indian Ocean , a senior Malaysian government source told CNN on Sunday . Whoever was flying the plane , the source said , could have been trying to avoid radar detection . But why ? Like most details in the case that 's baffled investigators ever since the plane dropped off Malaysian military radar , it depends on whom you ask . CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes cautioned against assuming a nefarious reason for steering the plane around Indonesia 's airspace . "  I think the plane 's being intentionally flown there , but I think it 's still a mystery as to why . ... I think they would probably guess they 're not avoiding anybody 's radar , because there 's a lot of radar in the area , " he said . "  I think they 're avoiding getting shot down or colliding with another airplane . " CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said the new route includes designated waypoints that pilots and air traffic controllers use . "  This particular route that is laid out happens to coincide with some of these named intersections , " he said . "  So what it shows is an experienced pilot somewhere in the mix on this . " Investigators have n't yet said who they think might have flown the plane off course or why . The possibility that the plane was hijacked by someone who knew how to fly a commercial jet is still on the table . Authorities have also been investigating the plane 's captain and co-pilot . And they have n't ruled out mechanical problems as a possible cause of the plane 's diversion . So far , no physical evidence of the plane 's eventual whereabouts has been found , leaving many relatives of those on board trapped in uncertainty . Time is running out The arrival of the Echo will be critical to the search for the missing Boeing 777 . It has state-of-the-art sonar and is capable of mapping the ocean floor , which is about 4,500 meters  2.8 miles  deep in the focused search area . It should be able to help determine more confidently whether audio signals picked up on Friday and Saturday by the Chinese patrol ship Haixun 01 have any connection to the pingers from MH370 . But officials urged caution . In the lengthy search for the missing plane , promising discoveries nearly every day have fizzled out , with few facts to support them . "  This is an important and encouraging lead , but one that I urge you to continue to treat carefully , " Angus Houston , the head of the Australian agency coordinating search operations , said Sunday . The Chinese said the electronic pulses -- detected only 2 kilometers  1.25 miles  apart -- were consistent with those emitted by pingers on an aircraft 's black boxes , but search officials said they have n't been verified as coming from Flight 370 . Sounds travel long distances underwater , Houston said , making it difficult to ascertain their sources . If detectors were near a pinger , they would pick up the signal for a more sustained period . Houston also said that search authorities were informed Sunday that the Ocean Shield , an Australian naval vessel equipped with sophisticated listening equipment , has detected "  an acoustic noise " in another area of the ocean to the north . The signals are the latest leads in a huge , multinational hunt for Flight 370 , which disappeared almost a month ago over Southeast Asia . ` Most promising lead ' The Ocean Shield , which has a high-tech pinger locator borrowed from the U.S. Navy , will continue to pursue the sound it heard . If that lead turns cold , it will move to the other detection area , a journey that will take at least a day , officials said . On Monday morning , the Ocean Shield was "  continuing investigations in its own area , " Australian authorities said . "  At the moment , the most promising lead appears to be the one associated with Haixun 01 , " Houston said at a news conference in Perth , the Western Australian city serving as a hub for search operations . The pulses registered by the Chinese ship are of particular interest because they occurred in an area that fits with the latest calculation by experts of roughly where the plane is likely to have entered the water , Houston said . The area of detection is roughly 1,600 kilometers  1,000 miles  west-northwest of Perth , according to coordinates reported by Chinese state media . Caution urged Several analysts on CNN said the information from search officials gave cause for optimism . "  We 've got to be a little careful about groupthink here , but right now the evidence seems to point towards the Chinese vessel 's location , " said Alan Diehl , a former accident investigator for the U.S. Air Force . What 's more , white objects were spotted floating on the surface of the water about 90 kilometers  55 miles  from where the sounds were detected , authorities said . But Houston warned that the latest discoveries could turn out to have no connection to the missing plane . "  In the days , weeks and possibly months ahead , there may be leads such as the one I 'm reporting to you this morning on a regular basis , " Houston said . "  I assure that we will follow up and exhaust every credible lead that we receive , " he said . The Chinese vessel detected the second signal for a total of 90 seconds on Saturday , according to authorities . "  It 's not a continuous transmission , " Houston said . "  If you get close to the device , we should be receiving it for a longer period of time . " A former longtime Navy oceanographer said the Chinese equipment shown on TV did n't appear to be very sophisticated . Van Gurley told CNN that the gear was designed to be held by human divers and only had short-range capabilities . "  The fact that they 're deploying it right over the side near the ocean surface , they 're getting hits a mile apart , kind of does n't add up -- but it does require investigation , " said Gurley , now a senior manager at a consulting firm that uses complex mathematical methods to solve problems like finding a missing plane . Australian authorities are still working on understanding the technology used regarding the data generated by the Haixun 01 as it searches for the missing plane , a source with the Australian Defense Force told CNN . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Steve Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta , and journalist Ivy Sam reported from Kuala Lumpur . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Holly Yan Ralph Ellis and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : "  We have a promising lead , but we have yet to get confirming evidence " It could still take days to confirm the origin of the signals , he says A Chinese search ship picked up two signals in the Indian Ocean , authorities say The plane flew around Indonesian airspace , a Malaysian source says
CNN  That sound you just heard was the crash of hearts breaking all over the world . Zayn Malik is leaving One Direction . "  After five incredible years Zayn Malik has decided to leave One Direction , " the band said on its Facebook page and tweeted out to its 22.9 million Twitter followers . "  Niall , Harry , Liam and Louis will continue as a four-piece and look forward to the forthcoming concerts of their world tour and recording their fifth album , due to be released later this year . " Rumors about such a move had started since Malik left the band 's tour last week . At the time , a rep told Rolling Stone he had "  been signed off with stress " after a scandal erupted following the publication of a photo showing Malik holding hands with someone other than his fiancee . Fans on Twitter immediately responded with teary Vine videos and the #AlwaysInOurHeartsZaynMalik hashtag . Even the Girl Scouts got in on the act with a sweet tribute to the singer . The band 's Wikipedia page was also quickly updated with a sentence , "  Zayn Malik was formerly a member . " And Spotify said that global streams of One Direction songs were up 330 % Wednesday in the hour after the news was announced -- a "  spike of sadness , " as the music service called it . In the U.S. alone , streams of the band 's music were up 769 % . To mark the occasion , Spotify created a special playlist of 1D songs . Malik , 22 , has been part of the very popular British boy band since it was formed  at the urging of Simon Cowell , according to some stories  in 2010 after members auditioned separately for the UK version of "  The X Factor . " Cowell became a mentor and signed them to his label . The group has put out four albums , and its hits include "  Best Song Ever " and "  Story of My Life . " Their latest album , "  Four , " came out in November .	Malik had left the band 's tour last week , citing "  stress " One Direction is one of the most popular bands in the world
Entertainment Weekly  -- Watching Iain Softley 's motley , jewel-toned adaptation of "  Inkheart , " the best-selling 2003 young-adult novel by Cornelia Funke , I had the distinct sensation of being a young bookworm again , falling into a world as vividly real as it is impossible . Brendan Fraser stars as Mo , a literature lover who brings characters to life when he reads aloud . In Funke 's universe -- given voice in a screenplay by fantasy-friendly playwright David Lindsay-Abaire -- a literature lover named Mo  Brendan Fraser  possesses a dangerous talent for bringing characters from books to life when he reads aloud . The downside ? When a fictional figure comes alive , a real person must disappear into the book 's pages . That explains the extended absence of Mo 's wife , Resa  Sienna Guillory  . Mo has not yet told the truth about Resa 's disappearance to their intrepid young daughter , Meggie  Eliza Hope Bennett  , just as many a movie adult before him annoyingly withheld information from their children for dramatic effect .  Maybe Fraser 's Mo , a pleasantly square-framed American among a population of Brits , just ca n't bring himself to utter the word " Mummy . " It also explains the presence of a rambunctious crowd of fictional interlopers . These include a soulful fire juggler  Paul Bettany  who yearns for home  and why not , when real-life wife Jennifer Connelly appears briefly as the juggler 's fairy-tale missus  , and an acquisitive villain named Capricorn  Andy Serkis , always welcome even without his Gollum suit  . A unicorn and "  The Wizard of Oz 's " flying monkeys also make appearances -- as does , briefly , Toto too . The story is a whirl , a jumble , an effusion -- sometimes flowing smoothly , other times jerking along as if the filmmaker  "  Backbeat , " "  The Wings of the Dove "  has been given advice he resents regarding pacing and the balance of sweetness and danger . There are close calls , weird whispers , amusing throwaway lines , the ditherings of a distractible author  Jim Broadbent  , and cartoon violence undertaken by misshapen scary-comic evil henchmen . But most deliciously madcap of all , there are the grand gestures and imperious pronouncements of Helen Mirren as Meggie 's flesh-and-blood great-aunt Elinor , a creature of pencil-thin eyebrows and luscious costumery who caws and squawks with very unqueenly abandon . Mirren 's all-out display in this distinctly British absurdo-literary extravaganza had me wishing Elinor were my own fabulous auntie and that she 'd lend me some magic items from her closet . EW Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Entertainment Weekly reviews Iain Softley 's adaptation of "  Inkheart " "  Inkheart " is best-selling 2003 young-adult novel by Cornelia Funke Literature lover has dangerous talent for bringing characters from books to life Film stars Brendan Fraser , Paul Bettany , Helen Mirren and Eliza Hope Bennett
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , one of the oldest civil rights groups in the nation , will announce the successor to Chairman Julian Bond on Saturday as the organization strives to prove its relevance and influence to a new generation . NAACP Vice Chair Roslyn Brock has emerged as the favorite to fill the seat left by Bond , a civil rights leader who has held the post since 1998 . Bond , a stalwart of the civil rights movement , helped found the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee , known for its student sit-ins in the early 1960s , and served as the first president of the Southern Poverty Law Center . He served in both houses of the Georgia Legislature , totaling two decades in office , before leading the NAACP . "  I think he 's been enormously effective ; he 's just a thoughtful person with a rich history in civil rights struggles , " said historian Patricia A. Sullivan , whose book , "  Raise Every Voice , " chronicled the history of the NAACP . Sullivan said Bond brought his experiences from the forefront of the civil rights movement to his role as chairman to take on disparities in the criminal justice system , education , housing and unemployment to the national level . Most recently , amid internal , grass-roots level tensions over whether the NAACP would support same-sex marriage , Bond appeared at the National Equality March in Washington in October . "  I 'm fond of saying there 's no such thing as saying gay rights or black rights . There 's civil rights , and every American deserves civil rights , " he said at the time . "  He 's very clear on what has long been the NAACP message of civil rights and inclusive democracy , " Sullivan said . Bond also is known for some of his political criticism , doling it out consistently against the Republican Party and the Bush administration in the earlier years of his tenure . At the 2001 NAACP convention , which was held before the September 11 attacks , Bond sharply criticized some of President George W. Bush 's political appointments , saying Bush had "  selected nominees from the Taliban wing of American politics , appeased the wretched appetites of the extreme right wing and chosen Cabinet officials whose devotion to the Confederacy is nearly canine in its uncritical affection . " Bush spoke before the NAACP in 2000 , during his first run for the presidency , but he did not make another appearance until 2006 , during his second term . Bond has called out Democrats as well , complaining they are too often "  not an opposition ; they 're an amen corner . ... When one party is shameless , the other party can not afford to be spineless . " "  Julian has been very effective , " said Mary Frances Berry , former chairwoman of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights . "  He came out of a tradition of conflict and advocacy , and has taken on people rather vocally at times . "  Probably , the next person will need to take into account the change in terms of people they 're dealing with . " Bond , 70 , indicated he was ready to leave the organization in 2008 , but stayed on in 2009 as the NAACP celebrated its 100th anniversary . At the time , there was talk about whether the organization was still relevant in what some observers called a "  post-racial " United States . John McWhorter , a linguist and conservative political commentator , spelled it out in a February 2009 column titled , "  If the NAACP ceased to exist tomorrow , would it have a significant effect on black America ? " For Bond , the answer was obvious . "  We have for the first time a black man who can open the doors to Air Force One , but we now know his children could n't go to a pool in Philadelphia , " Bond said in July , referring to a decision by a suburban Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , swim club to revoke privileges of a largely minority day care center last year . "  So , as long as this disparity exists , we 're not the national association for the advancement of one colored person , we want all colored people to advance , " he continued . "  And for us , people come in all colors -- black , brown , yellow , everything . We want everyone to advance , everyone to progress , and until that 's true , the NAACP is going to be here . " To ensure it will be here , the organization has showcased youthful leaders among its ranks , most notably by tapping Benjamin Todd Jealous as its president in 2008 . At 35 , Jealous was the youngest person to hold the post at the NAACP . Berry , who now teaches history at the University of Pennsylvania , was on the NAACP search committee at the time . "  It 's a generational change , " she said Friday . "  The organization is clearly doing what every organization should do . They should renew their leadership and reach out to the next generation . ... Otherwise they 'll die . " Selecting Brock -- who made history in February 2001 when she was unanimously elected vice chair of the NAACP National Board of Directors at age 35 , making her the youngest and first women to get the job -- as chairwoman will only support that vision , Berry said . "  She 's very different from Julian . But the fact that she 's younger , vibrant , very dynamic -- I think it 's great , " Sullivan said . "  It 's an important position , and I think having someone like her in that position says something . " She added that the NAACP has managed to stay effective by maintaining its large grass-roots support , with chapters in every corner of the country . Bond , in his interview last year , said , "  What we do has not changed -- we fight racial discrimination . But the way in which we do it has changed remarkably . " "  We need to be more aggressive , we need more members , we need to do more of everything we do right now , " he said . "  I 've never thought we were the perfect organization . I 've always thought we could do better tomorrow than we do today . " In his speech on the 100th anniversary of the NAACP , President Obama said "  the pain of discrimination is still felt in America " among African-Americans , Latinos and Muslim-Americans . "  Even as we inherit extraordinary progress that can not be denied , even as we marvel at the courage and determination of so many plain folks , we know that too many barriers still remain , " he said . For the NAACP , that means there is decades of work left to be done .	NAACP Vice Chair Roslyn Brock has emerged as the favorite Some question need for NAACP in "  post-racial " American Bond says group is needed as long as racial disparity exists
Bridgeport , California  CNN  -- The snipers , dug deep into their hidden positions in the snow , peer down at the valley below , searching for movement in the makeshift buildings set up . "  The open doorway ... a guy standing in the open distance five to 30 meters , " one sniper comments as he stares through binoculars at the objective more than 1,000 feet below . There wo n't be a shot taken though . Perched approximately 10,000 feet up on a mountain top in the Sierra Nevada , the Marine Corps snipers are receiving elite training , learning how to shoot and kill in freezing , rugged terrain . The experience and skills will be helpful in the unforgiving mountains of Afghanistan . The men are already qualified snipers , but in this advanced training at the Marine Mountain Warfare Training Center in Bridgeport , California , they learn to shoot at steep angles in an extreme environment . Senior snipers are always nearby to mentor . "  How are you guys doing ? " Gunnery Sgt. David Williams asks the group , crouching down at the top of their snow fort . "  Good , " the snipers reply . "  How come no one 's got a stove going ? " Williams asks . "  No one 's got any empty canteens ? There you go , you should be working , " he pushes the men . Getting to the encampment is a slog through deep snow . It takes 4 1/2 hours of climbing to get to the seven snipers , trekking through snow as deep as 3 feet . The only sign of the snipers is bark-colored head caps . They moved in the night before , climbing six miles in the darkness , with only moonlight to guide their movement . It took the group less than three hours , much faster than a civilian pace , to complete the journey . Upon reaching the summit , the group set up a security perimeter and spent four hours digging out a snow fortification . One sniper , who only wanted to be identified as Chris , explained , "  Off to my right we have our observation post where we have eyes on with a sniper and spotter down on the objective at the bottom of the valley . We have a trench set up here on my left . " Chris , who says he is living out his childhood dream of being a sniper , says operations in the frigid mountains are especially tough . "  You move in under the cover of darkness ... the temperature last night dropped down a whole lot . Probably into the high teens , " he said . "  You try to keep it small . You try to stay tactical . You 've got the objective about 500 meters  a third of a mile  down the slope so you have to keep in mind the sound level you 're making and staying low and out of sight . " Learning how to survive in the harsh mountainous terrain is an essential part of the training . "  It gives them initially the ability to move over this type of terrain . It 's not as easy as one would think . It 's not Sunday playing in the yard , " Williams said . "  The mountains are a pretty formidable foe , " he said . "  In addition to the enemy , the mountains themselves are a threat and it takes certain skills and training to move over them efficiently and be able to still perform those complicated tasks that the battalion commander assigns them with . " The snipers often supplement the gear they 're issued with supplies from sporting good stores that they feel may work better in the environment . One essential gadget the group had in the dug-out trench was a ministove . "  You have to heat up the snow to make water . It lightens up your pack . You only have to carry about 2 quarts at one time 'cause you can just refill as you go , " Chris said . Hydrating and warmth seem to be the basics for this group . Warming layers are vital . "  We bring what we want as far as comfort items go . So pack light , freeze at night , " one sniper , who wished not to be identified , said . For these Marines , the training is very real . Many are preparing to deploy to Afghanistan in the coming weeks and months . "  The mountain sniper course focuses a lot on high angle shooting and that has a lot to do with the way the current war is shaping . We are moving out of urbanized areas and moving into more mountainous terrain , " Chris said . Another sniper , who wished not to be identified , agreed with Chris on the importance of the skills learned . "  It 's definitely an asset in the military , especially in an anti-terrorism role : You need more precision , you need to be like a scalpel in a way instead of just going around guns ablazing , " he said . Precision is everything for this group , whose goal is one shot , one kill . Williams said these snipers must be able to shoot and kill from 1,000 yards away , or a distance of about 10 football fields . "  The Marine snipers ' job is to basically engage targets at long range . Essentially they are the guardian angel for the battalion . They survey the battlefield , find potential threats and with approval eliminate the threats , as well as provide reconnaissance and surveillance on objectives to give accurate information back to the battalion and let them know what 's out there , " he said . About 25 % of the Marines who take part in the mountain sniper training fail , but those enduring the course say they draw strength from their fellow snipers and the accomplishment that comes with completion . "  It 's definitely miserable but you have to roll with the punches and you enjoy it once it 's done . Once you get it under your belt there 's a lot of satisfaction in it , " Chris said . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report	Snipers prep for Afghanistan in California mountains They learn to shoot at steep angles in extreme environment Water , warmth are two main priorities
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- For the past few months , I have been trying to figure out why Mitt Romney is so unlikeable . It ca n't be because he 's rich , because there are a lot of rich people we like . Hell , President Obama 's rich and 56 % of the country views him favorably . It ca n't be because he 's Republican , because Republicans do n't like him either . Last month , when a woman reportedly asked House Speaker John Boehner , "  Can you make me love Mitt Romney ? " he said , "  No ... the American people probably are n't going to fall in love with Mitt Romney . " The latest CNN/ORC International Poll found that 48 % of Americans view him unfavorably , which is n't exactly breaking news because Romney 's been unable to get much likeability traction since announcing his first run at the White House five years ago . For a sex scandal-free politician , that 's got to be a bit perplexing . But then last week , the reason for the bad vibes about Romney became clear . You see , he 's been zipping across the country using President Obama 's "  You did n't build that " quote out of context for an analogy about a student who worked hard in school and made the honor roll . He used it again when he introduced his running mate , Paul Ryan last weekend . Frum : Romney does Obama a huge favor What the president said was : "  If you were successful , somebody along the line gave you some help . There was a great teacher somewhere in your life . Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive . Somebody invested in roads and bridges . If you 've got a business â $ " you did n't build that . " He also said , "  The point is , is that when we succeed , we succeed because of our individual initiative , but also because we do things together . " Romney spins it to make it sound as if the president is totally discrediting an individual 's hard work , summing it up this way . "  I realize that he got to school on a bus and the bus driver got him there , but I do n't give the bus driver credit for the honor roll , " he said . "  I give the kid credit for the honor roll . " Nothing 's wrong with that statement by itself . The problem is , we do n't live by ourselves . This analogy epitomizes what makes Romney so unlikeable to so many people , regardless of party , race , gender or socioeconomic status . In his mind , the world is full of bus drivers and honor roll students and the two are independent of each other , which is why he can characterize President Obama 's desire to help those less fortunate as creating a "  culture of dependence . " What rubs so many people the wrong way is Romney 's inability to see that society is interdependent . There are moments in some of Romney 's speeches in which he comes across like the guy who does n't wave when you let him into traffic , because in his mind , he was able to merge on his own . Few people ever like that guy ... and this is why less than 50 % of Americans like Romney . Opinion : Is Paul Ryan for or against Ayn Rand ? Growing up , I rode the bus to school . We only had one car and both my parents had to work . So if it was n't for the bus I would have had to attend the neighborhood schools that were within walking distance as opposed to the special schools for high academic achievers that were an hour 's ride away . I worked hard to get accepted into the programs . I worked to stay there . But I would not have been able to do any of those things if it were n't for the bus drivers who made sure I got to school safe and on time . When you genuinely live life through a prism of gratitude , you do n't use analogies that minimize the impact others have on your life . When you live life through that prism , you do n't see voters and delegates , you do n't see the budget as just a bunch of numbers you have to make work . You see the lives . Romney does n't irk us because he was born into privilege . He irks us because he behaves as if being born into privilege had nothing to do with his success . His wife , Ann , was supposed to make her husband more appealing . It did n't work . Now the question is : Can Paul Ryan make Mitt likeable ? I doubt it . When men like Ryan or Obama or Vice President Joe Biden roll their sleeves up to talk to blue collar voters , it feels real because it 's coming from a real place inside . When Romney rolls his sleeves up , it 's clear he 's trying to send a message -- because his sense of entitlement and social disconnect prevents him from being the message . That does n't mean people wo n't vote for him in November . It 's just that they wo n't be doing so because they like him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Polls show Americans favorable on Obama , not favorable on Romney He says Romney 's unpopularity stems from his sense of entitlement , disregard for others He says Romney fails to realize that part of our strength is our dependence on each other Granderson : Romney 's likeability problem does n't mean people wo n't vote for his ticket
Cairo  CNN  -- Two American tourists who were kidnapped early Thursday in Egypt 's Sinai region have been released unharmed , a U.S. State Department spokesman said , citing Egyptian officials . The U.S. Embassy has contacted the victims ' relatives and is providing consular assistance , State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner said . The confirmation of their release came shortly after one of the men , Brandon Kutz , contradicted a statement by Gen. Ahmed Fawzi , secretary for the governor of South Sinai , who had told CNN the two men had been released and were on their way to a hotel with Egyptian security forces . Fawzi said a deal had been reached with the kidnappers . But Kutz told CNN that , though they were being treated "  extremely well , " the two were still in the custody of their captors . A few hours later , Toner confirmed their release . Opinion : Promise of Arab Spring eluding Egypt ? The gunmen who kidnapped the two tourists Thursday morning had demanded the release of a man arrested a day earlier for drug possession , authorities said . It was not clear if the man was released as part of a deal to secure the Americans ' freedom . The tourists , both 31 , were in a car Thursday morning headed to a hotel from the town of Dahab when they were stopped , the state-run Ahram newspaper said . The gunmen forced the tourists from the car and took them away , demanding the release of a man named Eid Suleiman Etaiwy , the newspaper said . Etaiwy had been arrested Wednesday in possession of "  a large amount of drugs , " the report said . Marwan Mustapha , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , said government and intelligence officials negotiated with the kidnappers over the tourists ' release . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased during the year since Egypt 's long-ruling dictator , Hosni Mubarak , was overthrown . Days before Mubarak verdict , sons charged with insider trading The Sinai is one of the most underdeveloped areas in the country , and Bedouins have long complained that government services are nonexistent . In February , two other American tourists were briefly kidnapped in the region . The kidnappers demanded that some detainees be released , but it is unclear whether the demands were met . In January , 24 Chinese workers and a translator were kidnapped while on their way to a military-owned cement factory . A group of armed Bedouins had blocked the road they were traveling and wanted the Egyptian government to release prisoners . The hostages were released a day after Egyptian authorities intervened , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Jill Dougherty , and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : The victims were released unharmed , a U.S. official says The pair were kidnapped Thursday morning The gunmen want the release of a man arrested on drug charges
Senegal President Abdoulaye Wade acknowledged Monday that he fell short of a majority in his country 's weekend presidential vote and will have to face a runoff . The 85-year-old Wade is seeking a third term , but his 32 % showing in results from Sunday 's balloting was well short of the outright majority he had vowed to win . He was booed and jeered when he cast his vote in a contest overshadowed by violent protests . He sounded a conciliatory note toward the public during a Monday night news conference . "  I would like to pay homage to you , my dear compatriots , for the maturity , spirit of tolerance , and the civility that you have shown , " Wade said . He offered words of respect for his 13 opponents , whom he called "  bad politicians and bad losers " mere days before . Wade is likely to face Macky Sall , his former prime minister and protege , in the March runoff . Sall amassed 25 % of the vote on Monday evening and is expected to have the support of several of the other candidates , who vowed solidarity against Wade in February . Senegal , a small country on Africa 's west coast , has been an outpost of democratic stability in a region with a history of electoral chaos , civil wars and coups . But deadly demonstrations broke out after the country 's highest court cleared Wade to seek a third term in January , and protesters demanded that Wade give up his bid for a new mandate . Opponents argue that the court was compromised and the constitution limits presidents to two terms . But Wade successfully argued that he is exempt because he took office in 2000 , before the term limit was put in place . "  We 've had enough of this regime of thieves and assassins . We will defeat them here , " said Cheikh Gassama , a voter at Wade 's polling place . Gassama and others chanted "  Na Dem " -- "  step down " -- as the president arrived . Wade did not address the crowd , looked visibly frustrated at one point and made some sort of gesture to the crowd , which also included some of his supporters . Wade once was hailed as a visionary , but his popularity has plummeted . "  Wade built schools , roads and hospitals , " said Ayo Johnson , an analyst on African affairs . "  His leadership has now failed . ... There are increasing levels of poverty , inequality , lack of jobs and an increasing numbers of disillusioned youth . " Protesters calling for Wade 's ouster have clashed on the streets , with at least three people killed during demonstrations last weekend , an opposition leader said . At least two others died in previous clashes . A presidential spokesman has accused opposition candidates and their supporters of fueling "  urban guerrilla warfare " leading up to Sunday 's vote . But Amath Dansokho , head of the opposition June 23 Movement , blamed police for the escalating violence , saying they were responsible for some deaths during demonstrations in Dakar and Rufisque this month . The presidential spokesman denied the police or military were involved in the deaths .	President Abdoulaye Wade got 32 % of the vote Sunday He is likely to face his former prime minister in a March runoff Wade was booed as he casts his ballot in Dakar on Sunday His bid for a third term provoked violent demonstrations in Senegal
EW.com  -- Justin Timberlake has n't released an album since 2006â $ ² s "  FutureSex/LoveSounds , " mostly because he has been distracted by the business of being Justin Timberlake . That tends to fill one 's day with acting in Oscar-winning films , dropping into the occasional SNL sketch , hosting a golf tournament , sometimes going to the Marine Corps Ball and being engaged to Jessica Biel . It 's a busy life , which is why our eyebrows raised when we saw these quotes from a producer named Jim Beanz , who claims to be working with Timberlake on a series of songs for a "  crazy " new album . Considering JT 's stature and the types of people he has worked with in the past , why would he hook up with a dude nobody has ever heard of ? It turns out ... he would n't . According to Timberlake 's publicist , there are currently no plans for a new album , though JT is working with Timbaland on tracks for "  Shock Value 3 "  he appeared on each of the first two installments of the series  . But as for other music , "  That 's it , " said the spokesperson . That makes a lot more sense for Timberlake , who 's now pretty much entirely focused on acting . In fact , he 's currently in Puerto Rico with Ben Affleck filming the movie "  Runner Runner , " which would certainly get in the way of his being in the studio . So while the idea of a new JT album is titillating  especially for those of us still obsessed with "  FutureSex "  , it will have to remain a fantasy for now . But it does bring up a good question : What other musicians have walked away on top the way Timberlake did ? While he has n't been completely invisible  he has dropped in on tracks for Madonna , T.I. , Jamie Foxx , Timbaland and Esmee Denters , among others , since the release of "  FutureSex/LoveSounds "  , he has pretty much put the idea of an album on the back burner â $ " though he may be dipping his toe into the world of film scores . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	According to Timberlake 's publicist , there are currently no plans for a new album Producer Jim Beanz claims to be working with Timberlake on a his "  crazy " new album Timberlake has n't released an album since 2006â $ ² s "  FutureSex/LoveSounds "
CNN  -- Ohio University student Taylor See and her friends expected some controversy to arise from a project to raise awareness of what it means to dress up as an ethnic stereotype for Halloween . But they were n't expecting the comparisons to robots or dogs . The campaign , "  We 're a culture , not a costume , " features students of different races holding pictures of costumes of racial or ethnic stereotypes : a geisha , a suicide bomber , a Native American , a "  Mexican on a donkey , " a person with their skin painted black and a metal grill in their mouth . Brainchild of Students Teaching About Racism in Society , the campaign drew international media attention , generated intense online debate and perhaps most telling , it became the object of several Internet spoofs . The memes also come in various forms : a real golden retriever with a picture of a man in a dog costume , a na ` vi from the film "  Avatar " holding a picture of a man painted blue , a LOLcat , a dalek with a picture of a dalek , a unicorn with a unicorn , and so on . See , who designed the imagery , never expected it to get this big . Her first reaction ? "  Wow . A conversation is happening , because that 's all we wanted , to make people think . " Then came the realization that their original message was getting lost in the mockery , she said . "  These people that are putting out characters of vampires , dogs , robots , they do n't have anything better to do with their time ? " she said . "  It 's silly . We 're talking about actual race , actual people that are actually affected . I guarantee you robots and dogs are not affected by what we 're trying to say . " The most startling was an image of a monkey holding a picture of the black student featured in the original poster , she said . "  That was just awful . The fact that people think that 's OK shows why this discussion is still important and relevant , unfortunately , " she said . By their nature , these kinds of memes have a way of trivializing the original message , especially when it comes to ad campaigns or PSAs dealing with social issues , said Brad Kim , editor of knowyourmeme.com , a site that tracks viral stuff on the Web . This campaign in particular has a high "  exploitability " quotient because it 's about race and stereotypes , perennial hot topics on the Internet , where people can comment anonymously and therefore more freely than they would face-to-face , he said . The posters ' design also sets up the objects for exploitation , practically beckoning people to deploy their Photoshop skills to play around with various themes , he said . Kim cited a derivative featuring grunge icon Kurt Cobain holding a picture of the lead singer of Nickelback . "  This would be a perfect example of a movement or campaign with a fixed set of messages that turned into a visual mad lib and turned into something bigger , " he said . "  I do n't think they 're all necessarily arguing against the campaign or lashing out against it , but it does the subtle job of trivializing the subject 's topic , which is the Internet 's subtle way of saying , ` No , I beg to differ . ' " Most of the reaction the campaign received directly has been positive , said the group 's president , Sarah Williams . Other schools in the United States have asked for permission to use the posters , along with a primary school teacher from South Korea . "  Our main purpose was to have a dialogue and discussion and make people think and we 've definitely hit a nerve with people , " she said . On the other end of the spectrum , they 've also received hate mail , including an e-mail with the n-word . Some criticism takes the students to task for being too sensitive and taking themselves too seriously . Others questioned whether the same concept applied to white people , or costumes of leprechauns or rednecks . "  I find this article offensive and stereotypical . Just because I 'm white does n't mean that I take my Halloween costume as anything more than a costume . Get a life Ohio University , " one CNN.com commenter said . "  Whew . I 'm going to wear a XXXL suit and stuff it full of pillows , draw some fake beard on my face , add some extra chins , shuffle around dancing badly and go as Chaz Bono . But I 'm white , so this is not offensive , " said another . The idea to highlight the issue of racial and ethnic costumes resulted from the prevalence of students going in blackface last Halloween to dress like rappers and Tiger Woods , Williams said . An off-campus party last year also encouraged guests to come painted black and dressed "  ghetto . " "  We do n't think we 're being too sensitive . I think that 's just the reaction from the majority culture , " Williams said , "  It 's hard to put yourself in that position of being a minority when you 're not a part of the minority . Usually the majority culture can exploit and make fun of that . " Stereotypes have the power to hurt , especially when they embody false or archaic notions about someone , added See , who is black . Not all Mexicans travel on donkeys or wear sombreros , just like not all of them are illegal . And not all black people are rappers or young single mothers or behave like Tiger Woods . "  I fight every day to prove I 'm not a stereotype , " she said . "  I get good grades , I try to be articulate , but it 's frustrating because costumes like that tell me that all of my efforts are fruitless because this is what people think of me at the end of day . "	"  We 're a culture , not a costume " ad campaign goes viral , generates race debate Memes feature dog with picture of man in dog costume , Kurt Cobain and image of Nickelback Poster layout , themes lend themselves to exploitability , knowyourmeme editor says "  Our main purpose was to have a dialogue , " student says
CNN  -- It 's been a summer where you could not escape the matter of race if you tried . From the verdict in the shooting death of unarmed teen Trayvon Martin , to lifestyle maven Paula Deen being accused of using the "  N word " and the Supreme Court 's overturning a portion of the Voting Rights Act , conversations about race have dominated the headlines . At the same time , Hollywood has had the fortuitous timing of releasing two films that appear to reach into America 's psyche right now and wring out all of the unease , anger and pain that can accompany conversations about race . "  Fruitvale Station " and "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " contain similar themes about the historical treatment of African-American men in the United States . "  Fruitvale Station " is based on the real life case of Oscar Grant III , a 22-year-old Oakland resident who was detained by members of the Bay Area Rapid Transit Police Department and ultimately shot to death on New Year 's Day 2009 . Likewise , "  The Butler " is based on the true story of a black man who served as a butler in the White House through several presidential administrations including during the civil rights era . Not only do both films tackle issues of civil rights , but they also share a Hollywood connection : Forest Whitaker stars as the main character , Cecil Gaines , in "  The Butler " and is an executive producer of "  Fruitvale Station . " Whitaker spoke to the Wall Street Journal about the two movies ' similarities . "  We have to recognize , in ` The Butler , ' in ` Fruitvale , ' people  are  standing up and trying to say things , " Whitaker said . "  We 're in a living history . ... I believe we 're at that moment of a tipping point , where we 're saying , we are in this together and any injustice done to you , as Mother Teresa would say , is one done to me . If I ca n't see my face inside of you , then I truly do n't see the whole of who I am . " The success of "  The Butler " -- which was No. 1 at the box office , taking in $ 25 million for its opening weekend -- could be viewed as surprising given outcries over films like 2011 's "  The Help , " which also featured black characters in roles of servitude . Oprah Winfrey , who stars as Whitaker 's wife in "  The Butler , " acknowledged possible backlash . "  My mother was a maid . My grandmother was a maid . Her mother was a maid , " Winfrey told Parade Magazine . "  To look down upon that part of my history would be ridiculous . I am the seed of that , " she said . "  So for me ,  ` The Butler '  is a story about family and connection , living through those times . I hope people come away from it with a sense of pride and gratitude for that generation , because none of us would be here without the butlers and maids . None of us . " In a CNN story titled "  Is ` The Help ' heroic or stereotyping ? " published in 2011 , "  The Help " star Octavia Spencer -- who also stars in "  Fruitvale Station " -- defended the film that eventually won her an Academy Award for best supporting actress . "  This is one of the first times that I 've seen domestics or people of lower means from that era have a voice and the story has been told from their perspective , " Spencer said . "  I 've never read something where we were n't just plot points and our characters had lives outside of the kitchen . " Prior to the opening of "  The Butler , " CNN asked director Lee Daniels if he had concerns about black moviegoers not supporting his film . Daniels said he looked very close to home to gauge what the response might be . "  My family 's rough on me , " he said . "  I have a 91-year-old uncle . He was the first pediatric surgeon of color in America and when he saw this movie , I ca n't explain to you what it was like . He cried from the beginning to the end , and he laughed from beginning to end . " Daniels believed his 16-year-old son might have issues with the film , but instead he gave it a thumbs up . "  He told me that this was the greatest achievement that I had done . " Scenes from ` The Butler ' premiere In a conversation with AOL , Winfrey also acknowledged the challenge of getting movie goers to turn out for such heavy fare . "  I know it 's hard to get audiences of all races and backgrounds out to see a movie , particularly what it takes to just go out to a film ... because race makes people uncomfortable , " Winfrey said . "  For me  the film is  a drama , it 's history and it 's also a great love story about family . " Since "  The Butler " opened , the film has stirred high emotions for reasons beyond its on-screen themes . CNN affiliate WJLA reported that there was concern after a couple took to Twitter to announce that a showing of "  The Butler " in Washington had a large amount of security . Alan Hanson and Tiffany Flowers questioned whether the audience was being racially profiled . "  They must have thought this was going to be a particularly rowdy crowd , " Flowers told WJLA . "  I 've traveled the world ; been to a lot of movie theaters . This is the first time I 've ever seen anything like this . " Regal Entertainment Group , which owns the theater , issued a statement denying that "  The Butler " had been targeted for any special treatment . "  Regal Entertainment Group routinely employs security personnel to ensure the safety of all of our guests and staff , " the statement said . "  When a theatre experiences sold-out showings of any feature , security will assist with crowd control and guest assistance throughout the facility , including auditoriums . "	Like this summer 's "  Fruitvale Station , " "  The Butler " reflects current conversation Star of "  The Butler " said he believes country "  at a tipping point " A pair of moviegoers claimed their audience was racially profiled
New York  CNN  -- New York police have arrested one of their own on riot and criminal mischief charges in connection with the September 29 attack on an SUV driver in New York City , a law enforcement official said Tuesday . Wojciech Braszczok , a 32-year-old detective in the New York Police Department who was off duty at the time , is allegedly shown on a video smashing the rear window of the Range Rover as it drove amid a sea of motorcyclists on the city 's West Side Highway , according to the official . That video is now in investigators ' hands . It is not clear if the detective participated in the subsequent beating of the vehicle 's driver , Alexian Lien . Both charges Braszczok faces are felonies , according to the law enforcement official . Braszczok was one of at least two off-duty undercover officers who were riding with fellow bikers that day , a law enforcement official told CNN . The other officer , who is under investigation , has been talking with authorities about the incident , a law enforcement source said . Braszczok was riding with his motorcycle club when the incident occurred and saw much of the confrontation , a law enforcement source told CNN last week . The undercover officer allegedly did n't inform supervisors about the incident until three days later , telling internal affairs investigators that he waited because he reportedly was afraid his cover would be blown . The second off-duty officer now being questioned also waited a few days to report the incident , the law enforcement source said . Off-duty police officer among bikers who saw SUV driver beaten Braszczok is expected to be arraigned Wednesday . Once the prosecutor formally brings charges against him , six people in total -- all of them motorcyclists -- will have been charged in the case . "  In the last few days , serious charges have been brought against several defendants in last Sunday 's attack , " Erin Duggan , a spokeswoman for the Manhattan district attorney 's office , said Wednesday . "  As we said from the beginning of the investigation , the NYPD and the District Attorney 's Office are methodically scrutinizing the evidence to build the strongest possible cases in our continuing effort to hold accountable those responsible . " The five other motorcyclists are : • Clint Caldwell , a 32-year-old biker from Brooklyn , faces charges of gang assault , assault and criminal mischief . Police have video allegedly showing him at the scene of the attack , according to New York police Lt. John Grimpel . He too will be arraigned Wednesday . • Craig Wright , 29 , was arraigned Tuesday on gang assault and other charges and then ordered held on $ 150,000 bond . Wright is accused of stomping Lien at least twice after police say he and other motorcyclists forced the man 's Range Rover to a stop , used their helmets to break out the window and dragged him out of the car , in which his wife and 2-year-old daughter were passengers . A witness who tried to help the driver told CNN on Tuesday that bikers also tried to drag Lien 's wife from the vehicle . According to court documents , police say Wright , 29 , identified himself in a picture showing him standing near the stopped SUV . Another photograph shows him stomping Lien as the man lies on the ground , according to the documents . Wright is charged with first-degree gang assault , first-degree assault and first-degree unlawful imprisonment . He was arrested at his home in Brooklyn . In addition to the bond , New York Trial Court Judge Tamiko Amaker set Wright 's next court date for Friday . In March , Wright pleaded guilty to driving with a suspended license , a spokesman for the Brooklyn district attorney 's office said . It is unclear whether he was driving with a suspended license at the time of the SUV incident . He was also convicted in Virginia in 2005 for reckless driving . Motorcyclist charged in beating of SUV driver • Reginald Chance , 37 , who was captured on video smashing his helmet into the SUV 's window , has been charged with first-degree assault and gang assault . He was ordered held on $ 75,000 bond Sunday . Assistant District Attorney Samantha Turino said Chance 's license had been suspended and he should not have been driving . She said his arrest record includes a marijuana charge in 2013 and attempted criminal possession of a weapon in 2006 . "  The law does permit someone who is a victim of an accident to at least attempt to get the identification of the motorist , " said Chance 's attorney , Gregory Watts . "  My client obviously overreacted in that manner , but he is not this thug assaulting someone who 's harmless , contrary to the public opinion that 's being put out there . " He said Chance was knocked off his motorcycle by Lien 's SUV after bikers had surrounded the vehicle earlier . • Christopher Cruz , 28 , who police say is the biker who slowed in front of Lien , was charged with reckless driving and other misdemeanors . He was released on bond . His lawyer , H. Benjamin Perez , said , "  He never tried to assault him in any way . And he does not know any of the other motorcyclists who were involved in this beating . " • Robert Sims , 35 , is accused of stomping on Lien . He surrendered Friday on charges of attempted assault and gang assault . New York police : Bikers stomped on SUV driver The case became national news after video of the incident surfaced . The video was captured , attorney Andrew Vecere said , when his client , motorcyclist Kevin Bresloff , turned on his helmet camera after he saw a water bottle thrown from the SUV 's sunroof toward the bikers . It shows dozens of bikers swarming on Manhattan 's West Side Highway . One motorcycle quickly slowed down in front of Lien , who bumped its rear tire , slightly injuring Cruz . Lien pulled to a stop , and angry bikers surrounded his vehicle , hitting it and spiking its tires , police said . Lien 's vehicle plowed into three more bikers , including Edwin Mieses , whose wife says he is paralyzed . Edwin Mieses is still in great pain , Dayana Mieses said Tuesday , but he 's out of the intensive care unit . A doctor told them "  there 's a 99 % chance my husband will never walk again , " she said . The video shows the Range Rover stopping again -- long enough for a biker to open the door -- and Lien then driving away until traffic forced him to the final stop . Opinion : In attack , can bikers get a fair shake ? Police say the subsequent beating included kicks to Lien 's head and body as he lay on the highway . Lien suffered two black eyes and cuts on his face and side , requiring stitches , a police detective 's criminal complaint said . His wife and daughter were unharmed . Defenders of the bikers , including relatives of Mieses , the critically injured biker , have criticized Lien for driving through the crowd of motorcycles . Vecere , Bresloff 's attorney , says his client has n't been charged with a crime , and he does n't expect him to be . He said police issued a warrant for the video , but Bresloff was going to turn it over anyway . He 's cooperating with police , Vecere said . "  He was shocked " by what happened , the attorney said , adding that the case is "  not black and white . " CNN 's Laura Dolan , Rob Frehse , Yon Pomrenze , Eden Pontz and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Motorcyclist says he turned on helmet camera after seeing bottle thrown from SUV Clint Caldwell , a 32-year-old civilian , faces gang assault and other charges He and Wojciech Braszczok should be arraigned Wednesday , DA 's office says Braszczok , an off-duty detective , is seen in a video breaking the SUV 's rear window
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Post-revolution tourism As the dust of revolution starts to settle in Egypt and Tunisia , its interim governments are on global road shows in an attempt to bring back tourists . This week MME takes a look at how the wounded sector is trying to rebuild and reshape in a post revolution era . FACETIME : Mazen Darwazah , CEO MENA , Hikma Hikma is the region 's largest pharmaceutical group with revenues of three-quarters of a billion dollars last year . Since the uprisings , a fifth of its turnover has been affected with the continued unrest . The Jordan based company has plants in Algeria , Tunisia , Egypt and Saudi Arabia . Chief Executive of the MENA region , Mazen Darwazah , discusses the need to speed up reforms , the role of the private sector and his biggest concerns going forward . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1745 Saturday : 0445 Sunday : 0615,1745 Monday : 0145 Follow the show on Facebook and Twitter .	MME looks at the region 's struggling tourism sector in wake of the revolutions Egyptian and Tunisian governments hit global road shows in attempt to bring back tourists Pharmaceutical CEO on the need to speed up reforms
CNN  -- It might not be on everyone 's travel radar , but Iran has a well-worn tourist circuit , encompassing attractions in the ancient cities of Shiraz and Isfahan . For those wanting to get off the beaten path , the country has a wealth of lesser-known destinations that rival the stunning beauty and historical significance of their more famous counterparts . Here are five of the best : Rudkhan Castle Hidden in the humid green forests of Iran 's northern Gilan province is Rudkhan Castle , a medieval military fortress whose origins predate the rise of Islam in Iran . Few foreign tourists have visited the site , which is a popular attraction among Iranians . Work started on the castle during the Persian Sassanid era , between A.D. 224 and 651 . Followers of the Ismaili sect  the infamous "  Assassins " or "  Hashashin "  are believed to have renovated and completed the fortress during the late 11th to 12th centuries . The hike up to the castle , which is situated along two peaks of a verdant mountain , takes more than an hour , prompting many locals to call Rudkhan the "  Castle of a Thousand Steps . " After you 've made the trek back down , it 's worth stopping off for food on the drive back on the main highway toward Rasht , the capital of Gilan province . Try a northern Iranian lunch at the exquisite Pich restaurant  Pich Restaurant , Rasht to Anzali Highway , Khomam Beltway ; +98 132 422 7554 ; Pichrestaurant@yahoo.com .  The "  Torsh " kabob -- tenderloin marinated in pomegranate paste , walnuts and garlic -- is a particularly appetizing regional specialty . Bekhradi Historical House This 400-year-old inn built in Persia 's Safavid era features four tastefully decorated multiroomed guest suites and is the oldest house to be restored in Iran . Its renovation and artistic restoration took local interior designer and restoration specialist Morteza Bekhradi five years to engineer and complete . Peppered with stained-glass windows and original artwork from the Safavid and subsequent Qajar eras , the house sits between two gardens replete with fruits and wildflowers . The house 's furniture was designed by Bekhradi using wood from the chenar  plane  trees that line the streets and historic gardens of Isfahan . The designer says he sought to stay true to the setup of the original home , which he says is believed to have belonged to a Safavid-era aristocrat . Even the traditional heavy Iranian wooden doors lining the entryways of the upstairs suites belonged to the original house and were restored using chenar wood . Doors throughout the rest of the historical residence , which boasts an intricately decorated traditional "  hojreh " room for cooling and relaxation , are chenar-wood replicas of Safavid originals . To date , most guests have discovered the inn only by word of mouth , and even local Isfahanis are only just beginning to learn about this hidden gem . Bekhradi Historical House , 56 , Sonbolestan Alley , Ebn-e-Sina St , Shohada Sq , Isfahan ; +98 31 34482072 Soltaniyeh Dome A UNESCO World Heritage site in the northwestern province of Zanjan , the mausoleum of Oljaytu at Soltaniyeh is topped by one of the world 's largest domes . Built between 1302 and 1312 in Soltaniyeh , the capital city of the Mongols ' Ilkhanid Dynasty , the monument is a mausoleum for Il-khan Oljeitu , the Ilkhanid 's eighth ruler . Though much of the structure 's exterior coloring and tiles have faded through the centuries , the intricate brickwork , tilework and vibrant designs inside the mausoleum have remained largely unscathed . The unique double-shelled structure of the Soltaniyeh Dome is also believed to have influenced the design of India 's Taj Mahal mausoleum . Interesting factoid : Oljeitu was born to a Christian mother and baptized as Nicholas . He later became Buddhist and then converted to Islam . He intended for the Soltaniyeh Dome to house religious artifacts , but after clerics banned him from doing so , he decided to make the monument his own tomb . Visits to the dome are worth sidetracking to Zanjan for a lunch of classic Iranian dizi , or lamb and chickpea soup , at Carvansarai Sangi  Zanjan , Iran ; +98 241 326 1266  , an ancient pit stop that 's been converted into a popular local restaurant . Laleh Kandovan Rocky Hotel About 30 miles outside the northwestern city of Tabriz lies the troglodyte village of Kandovan . People here live in cone-shaped caves cut out of volcanic rock at the foot of Mount Sahand , a dormant volcano . Nestled within the 800-year-old village , the Laleh Kandovan Rocky Hotel has been literally hand-carved into the rocky landscape , with each of the luxury hotel 's 16 modernized rooms encompassing a cave , or "  karaan . " According to local lore , mineral water sourced from Mount Sahand , long valued throughout Iran for its medicinal properties , originated in the biblical Garden of Eden . Guests of the hotel can take a relaxing soak in this precious liquid . If there 's a spa tub in the room , the mineral water gets pumped in directly . Laleh Kandovan Rocky Hotel , Kandovan Rd , Kandovan ; + 98 412 323 0191 Toghrol Tower Toghrol Tower is a Seljuk-era monument situated in the city of Rey , on the southern outskirts of Iran 's capital city , Tehran . Often overlooked by visitors who tend to stick to the higher-income northern and central areas of the Iranian capital , Rey is the oldest county in Tehran province and is speckled with historical monuments , including a 500-year-old Safavid-era bazaar . The tower is said to serve as the mausoleum for Seljuk king Toghrol Beg , who established Rey as a major administrative center of the Seljuk Dynasty until its destruction by Mongol armies in the early 13th century . From the tower , it 's a quick ride into the heart of Tehran 's Armenian quarter to round off the trip with a cup of coffee and Armenian pastries at the historic Cafe Naderi  Hotel Naderi and Cafe , Jomhuri Eslami Avenue , Tehran ; +98 21 66 701 872  , a haunt frequented for decades by Iran 's greatest writers and intellectuals . Roshanak Taghavi is a journalist based between Washington and the Middle East . Follow her on Twitter at @RoshanakT .	Explore Rudkhan Castle in Iran 's northern Gilan province Stay in a hard-carved rock hotel in the troglodyte village of Kandovan See the spectacular Soltaniyeh Dome in the northwestern province of Zanjan
CNN  -- I finally said goodbye to some old buddies . Omar  played by Michael K. Williams  , "  The Wire 's " legendary stickup artist , hunts for a rival with his shotgun . One of them shot a woman at point-blank range after complimenting her on her hair . Another person maimed a rival with his shotgun . A third stole from his sister to finance his drug habit . Their names are as twisted as their deeds : Snot-Boogie , Bubbles , Dukie . And if I ever introduced you to them , you probably would n't be able to understand them . Their talk is filled with a bruising street poetry that 's hard to decipher unless you 've lived in their West Baltimore neighborhood -- as I once did . My "  friends " are some of my favorite characters on the HBO series , "  The Wire . " HBO  which , like CNN , is a Time Warner division  released the complete , five-season box set two weeks ago . The show focuses on a detective unit 's quest to take down a ruthless drug crew , but it grapples with bigger themes : the collapse of public schools , the disintegration of working-class America and political corruption . Critics say "  The Wire " offers the most realistic depiction of America 's inner-city subculture ever seen . I decided to test that claim because I grew up in the West Baltimore community where "  The Wire " is set . After watching all five seasons , my take on the show is ambivalent . Some of "  The Wire " is real , but not in the ways you might expect . ` How do I get from here to the rest of the world ? ' "  The Wire 's " most unsettling scene for me took place in season four . It involved a murder -- of a gentle teenager 's spirit . The character 's name is Dukie , and he brought back memories of some people I knew . Dukie is lost . He has no family , his public school is paralyzed by violence and he 's not tough enough to make it on the streets . He has a gift for computers but does n't know what to do with his ability . Dukie looks one day for help from "  Cutty , " an ex-con who runs a boxing gym in their neighborhood . Cutty tells Dukie that "  the world is bigger " than the violent neighborhood both live in . "  How do I get from here to the rest of the world ? " Dukie asks Cutty . "  I wish I knew , " Cutty sighs , and walks away . Why did Cutty give Dukie such a hopeless answer ? Maybe it 's because some people who never lived in a neighborhood like "  The Wire " confuse hopelessness for authenticity . Yeah , I could shock you with stories of violence , but it 's so easy to slip from revelation to titillation . I start off telling you a story about how tough my school was , and soon I 'm shooting it out with five drug dealers who want to steal my homework . But I never remember West Baltimore being so hopeless . A man like Cutty would n't tell a young man that he had no way out -- adults rallied around kids with potential . I even checked with some childhood friends -- one who is now an undercover police officer who literally works a "  wire " for the Baltimore Police Department -- and we all agreed that "  The Wire 's " bleakness was exaggerated . "  They made it seem like we grew up in Bosnia , " my friend , another "  Wire " fan , told me . Perhaps I had the luck of timing , or , to paraphrase one "  Wire " character , I left just before "  the game got more fierce . " I 'm 44 . I grew up on a street connecting two notorious Baltimore landmarks -- North Avenue and Frederick Douglass High School . Douglass is a school so bleak that PBS recently aired a documentary on its dismal state . North Avenue is known for its liquor stories and shootings . I left my neighborhood for good in the 1980s before crack cocaine really hit . Still , I shared some of the same struggles as some "  Wire " characters . I spent much of my childhood in the equivalent of foster homes . I never really knew my mother . My father was an on-and-off-again presence . But my community was filled with what Barack Obama calls the "  quiet heroes . "  Obama reportedly is a big fan of "  The Wire . "  There was my high school tennis coach . The dignified deacons in my church . The retired steelworker who watched Orioles baseball games on his porch next door . Relatives , teachers , even summer job programs  one gave me my first exposure to journalism  -- all inspired me . Yet those quiet heroes seem fated to fail in "  The Wire . " The show implies that only a fantastic few ever escape the streets . What Cutty could have told Dukie Despite my misgivings , I love "  The Wire . " The dialogue crackles , the characters are rich and the minute ways it captures how Baltimoreans move and talk is uncanny . But the "  Complete " story is n't the whole story . "  The Wire " did , however , nail one childhood memory for me . The most realistic moment in "  The Wire " for me did n't take place during any violent showdown . It took place in a steakhouse . The scene involved a "  Wire " character called "  Bunny " Colvin , a major in the Baltimore Police Department . Colvin helps run an experimental program for problem students at a local high school . One night , he decides to take three of a school 's most disruptive students to a steakhouse in downtown Baltimore . The kids are loud and brash , but they 're petrified when they have to sit down in a fancy restaurant filled with white people . They ca n't function and end up leaving the restaurant , still hungry and angry . I could relate . When I was asked in high school to join an academic team that would compete on television against elite , white high schools in Baltimore , I said no . When I attended my first year in college , I would n't speak in class and stopped going because I was so intimidated being around people who could actually speak proper English . I almost flunked out . I felt like an imposter . Sometimes , it 's not enough to give kids who come from a world like "  The Wire " the chance to get out . They also have to be convinced that they deserve it . I almost sabotaged myself because I wanted to go back to what was familiar . Even though the familiar was depressing , it was all I knew . Now I know something different because a lot of people convinced me that I deserved to be in that other world . I wish Cutty would have done the same for Dukie . I wish he would have told him he would find a way from "  here to the rest of the world . " I hope the real-life Dukies know that . They deserve a chance to say goodbye to that world , too .	HBO 's "  The Wire " is praised for realism , but how real is it ? CNN.com writer who grew up in "  The Wire 's " Baltimore neighborhood renders verdict Writer says show confuses "  hopelessness with authenticity " But dialogue crackles , the characters are rich , writer says
Beijing  CNN  -- An unspecified threat forced a New York-bound Air China flight to return to Beijing on Wednesday seven hours after takeoff , the airline said . "  Due to threatening information received about flight CA 981 , to ensure the safety of passengers , this flight has returned to Beijing Capital International Airport , " the Chinese flag carrier said in a terse statement posted online . The flight took off at 1:30 p.m.  1:30 a.m. ET  Wednesday and was scheduled to land at John . F. Kennedy International Airport in New York at 2:20 p.m. the same day . Instead , it turned around midair and returned to Beijing at 8:26 p.m. Wednesday , according to the airline 's website . Police were called in to investigate but found nothing suspicious , the airport authority said in statements posted online . State media also quoted police as saying the initial warning of the threat came from U.S. authorities . The flight took off again at 12:31 a.m. Thursday and is expected to arrive in New York at 12:45 a.m. the same day , according to the airline 's website . Beijing-based Air China did not reveal the nature of the threat or the number of passengers and crew members on board its Boeing 747 jumbo jet . The aircraft seats up to 344 passengers in the carrier 's configuration , and it is peak travel season between China and the United States . Messages and photos posted on Chinese social-media sites showed passengers and their luggage being rescreened at the airport upon landing . One passenger , whose online handle is Kejiwaijiao , said he noticed something was wrong when the flight map on board indicated the plane was headed back to Beijing . When he inquired , he said , flight attendants told him it was a map display error . "  The captain notified us  of the reason  after we safely landed , " he wrote on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . Another passenger , whose Weibo name is Nataliebu , said crew members only told passengers to buckle up and sit tight due to strong air turbulence . On June 29 , passengers and crew members thwarted a hijack attempt on a short-haul flight within the far western Chinese province of Xinjiang . Authorities said six ethnic Uyghur men tried to take control of the plane through violence before being subdued . The plane returned to its origin safely . Passengers and crew foil hijack attempt in China Security is usually tight throughout Beijing Capital International Airport , the world 's second-busiest air hub after Hartsfield-Jackson International in Atlanta . More than 78 million passengers passed through the Beijing airport 's three terminals last year .	Air China flight turns around seven hours after takeoff Carrier cites "  threatening information " as the reason for return to Beijing NEW : State media : Initial warning of the threat came from U.S. authorities The flight has departed again for New York , Air China 's website says
London  CNN  -- A gossip magazine in Denmark on Saturday dismissed reports it had published new , even more revealing images of Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , as entirely false . The publication of topless photographs of Catherine , taken with a long lens while she sunbathed while on vacation with Prince William in France , prompted anger and legal action from palace officials earlier this month . A number of media outlets in Britain and the United States reignited the controversy Friday when they reported that the Danish magazine , Se Og Hor , had printed fresh "  bottomless " images of Britain 's likely future queen -- that is , without her bikini briefs on . But the editor-in-chief of Se och Hoer , Kim Henningsen , dismissed the latest media reports as untrue rumors and told CNN the only images it had published were in one 16-page spread on September 20 . Magazine fined for topless Kate photos Those are from the same set of photos first seen in the French magazine Closer , then in an Italian magazine and an Irish newspaper , Henningsen said . They were also published in Sweden 's Se och Hoer , a sister magazine to the Danish title . Defending the publication at the time , Henningsen said : "  It 's a set of unique photos from an A-class celebrity . We are a leading gossip magazine in Denmark , and it is my job to publish them . " He added : "  If the British royal family want to sue us , then it will happen then and we 'll deal with it . " The French Closer magazine was fined last week by a French court and ordered not to distribute the edition in print or online . It was also told to hand over the photos to the royals within 24 hours . Criminal proceedings have also been launched by the couple 's attorneys against the French Closer magazine . Sex , lives , videotape : When to publish ? Asked about the latest reports concerning Se Og Hor , a St. James 's Palace spokeswoman said : "  As we 've said , we will not be commenting on potential legal action concerning the alleged intended publication of the photos save to say that all proportionate responses will be kept under review . " Catherine and her husband , Prince William , the second in line to the throne , were said by palace officials to be upset and angered by the invasion of their privacy . The initial publication of the images came only three weeks after a media furor over the release of images of William 's younger brother , Harry , partying naked in his Las Vegas hotel suite . No British newspapers have published the topless pictures of the Duchess of Cambridge . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	Danish magazine Se Og Hor says it only published pictures of Catherine 10 days ago Media reports Friday claimed the magazine had released new , more revealing images The royals took legal action against the French magazine that first published the photos William and Catherine were on vacation when a photographer took the long lens shots
CNN  -- The daily toll of gun murders , and the increasing frequency and scale of mass shootings , have finally forced Washington to rethink gun policy . Predictably , emotions are running high on TV talk shows and congressional panels . So it 's a good time to remind ourselves that Americans -- including gun owners -- actually agree about what to do now , and have for a very long time . From requiring criminal background checks on all gun sales to getting military-style assault weapons off our streets , Americans understand that it 's entirely possible to respect the rights of law-abiding gun owners and do much more to keep people safe . The nation may be politically divided , but on guns there has long been a broad and enduring consensus . The only people who seem to disagree are the National Rifle Association 's Washington lobbyists . What was once a modest gun rights and gun safety organization is long gone . Today , as New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has said , it is principally a marketing organization , and its flagship product is fear . Opinion : Gun extremists ' alternate reality This sad development was on full display during Wednesday 's Senate hearing on gun violence , where NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre claimed that background checks for gun buyers -- a two-minute process that most gun buyers are happy to undergo -- will become "  a universal federal nightmare imposed upon law-abiding people all over the country . " As an alternative , LaPierre has suggested that the answer to guns is more guns -- in the hands of almost anyone , in almost every place in America : every classroom , every daycare center , every movie theater , every shopping mall , every place of worship . If more guns in more places is the NRA 's proposal , we 've run a pretty good pilot project -- and the results are n't good . The U.S. already has more firearms per capita than any other nation , making it the most heavily armed civilian population in the world . We have a gun murder rate that is about 15 times higher than other populous , high-income countries . This correlation has lost the power to surprise -- except perhaps for LaPierre , who believes "  the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun . " Complete coverage : The gun debate If only it were that simple . This is n't just about good guys and bad guys . Very often , the good guys get shot by bad guys with guns . This is about smart policies and dangerous ones . Gun owners know this , too . Those like my dad , a former firearms dealer in Colorado , are mainstream Americans with mainstream views on guns . That 's why 74 % of NRA members and 87 % of non-NRA gun owners believe all gun buyers should get a criminal background check . A CBS/New York Times poll released on January 17 found 93 % of those living in households with gun owners and 85 % in households with NRA members support background checks . They believe we have the right to bear arms , and they believe with rights come responsibilities . An instant background check is not too high a price to pay , when we know the current system -- even with big loopholes -- has saved many lives . We have the right to go to the movies without being gunned down in our seats . We have the right to pray in our houses of worship without being victimized by a mentally unstable young man and his assault weapon . More than anything , we have the right to send our kids to school in the morning with the guarantee that they 'll return home in the afternoon . Opinion : Why the NRA fights for gun rights Until lawmakers stand up to the gun lobby and stand up for the people they represent , the death toll will only continue to rise -- 33 people murdered with guns , every day , everywhere , in the world 's indispensable nation . When they do , they 'll have major police organizations , survivors of gun violence , faith leaders , domestic violence opponents , many millions of parents , and more than 850 Mayors Against Illegal Guns standing with them . If it 's electoral retribution they 're worried about , they should look at the last election . After investing more millions than ever to defeat President Barack Obama and elect pro-gun politicians , the NRA had one of the worst success rates of all political groups : a 0.83 % return on a massive investment of its members ' hard-earned money . We can pass commonsense gun laws that will save many lives . The American people are demanding it , the president is demanding it , the families of the dead are demanding it . It 's time for our leaders to buck the NRA 's Washington lobbyists . It 's not as hard as they think . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Glaze . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Mark Glaze : Gun murders , mass shootings force Washington to rethink gun policy Glaze : Americans want background checks and no military-style assault weapons U.S. has more guns than any other nation and towering gun murder rate , he says Glaze : Mainstream gun owners , 74 % of NRA members want background checks
CNN  -- Can you imagine playing a single video game for 10 years ? One man did . And it helped him imagine something else : a bleak , war-ravaged future version of Earth . A member of the social news website Reddit who goes by the name Lycerius posted his results from a decade-long game of "  Civilization II , " a turn-based strategy games in which players build their own society . His epic struggle pushed the game to its limits , further than developers ever imagined or planned for . The "  Civilization " franchise is a series of strategy games that allow players to grow small tribes into large , sprawling nations . Players can manage resources , build armies and engage in diplomacy in an effort to grow their civilization into a world leader . "  Civilization II " was released in 1996 . But when the third version of the game was released in 2001 , Lycerius said , he was already deep into his current game and wanted to see how far he could go . He does n't play every day but returns to what he called a "  hellish nightmare of suffering and devastation " when he has some free time . Now in the year 3991 , his world is down to three super-nations , each competing for dwindling resources , and a planet left scarred by multiple nuclear wars . His Celts are locked in a 1,700-year war with the Vikings and the Americans . All other nations have been destroyed or absorbed . "  Peace seems to be impossible . Every time a cease fire is signed , the Vikings will surprise attack me or the Americans the very next turn , often with nuclear weapons , " Lycerius wrote on Reddit . "  Even when the U.N forces a peace treaty . So I can only assume that peace will come only when they 're wiped out . It is this that perpetuates the war ad infinitum . " Because of the continual fighting , he was forced to abandon his democracy and adopt a communist state , because his Senate kept overruling him when he wanted to declare war . Also , his cities are filled with starving people  90 % of his world 's population died from nuclear annihilation or famine from global warming  because , he says , he has to keep building war machines to sustain his combat efforts . "  So you want a granary so you can eat ? Sorry ; I have to build another tank instead . Maybe next time , " he wrote . Constant nuclear bombardment and sabotage have melted the world 's ice caps over and over again , resulting in the flooding of all terrain other than mountains . He said his world is full of swamp  which is useless for farming  and irradiated lands . "  Civilization " franchise creator Sid Meier said developers never even thought about someone taking a "  Civ " game this far into the future . "  There 's no way we could have tested for this , so it was a surprise to us , " Meier said . "  I ca n't say that we ever thought anyone would play a game of ` Civ ' for that long . It 's exciting that a fan of the series would dedicate 10 years to playing one continuous game . " Before you think Lycerius is just an unfeeling ruler , he said he does want to find a way to end the longstanding war . "  My goal for the next few years is to try and end the war and thus use the engineers to clear swamps and fallout so that farming may resume . I want to rebuild the world . But I 'm not sure how . " Reddit users have been filling up his post with suggestions on how to make his world livable again . And a new thread has developed , called The Eternal War , where players are chatting about their own experiences . Meier has a new challenge for Lycerius . "  We should probably send him a copy of ` Civ V ' and ` Civ V : Gods & Kings . ' Maybe in 10 years , he can create a similar scenario . We applaud you for playing what 's sure to be the longest-running game of ` Civ ' ever . "	Man creates "  hellish nightmare " world in 10-year-long "  Civilization II " game Reddit user "  Lycerius " posted results , and they went viral on the news-sharing site In the year 3991 , only three nations remain , and they 're locked in eternal war Game 's creator calls the decade-long struggle unexpected but exciting
Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy has joined Hamburg on a free transfer from Real Madrid , the German Bundesliga club have confirmed . The 33-year-old Holland international had been linked with a number of clubs during the transfer window , including English Premier League sides West Ham and Tottenham Hotspur , but has signed a a one-and-a-half-year contract at the HSH Nordbank Arena . Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia revealed he was pleased to capture the former Manchester United striker and is confident he will find the net regularly for the club . Labbadia said : "  Ruud has proven his qualities impressively at some of Europe 's top clubs . I am convinced that he will also score some important goals for HSV . "  It just emphasises the reputation of our club that a player like Ruud van Nistelrooy decides to join Hamburg . " Van Nistelrooy , who had been frozen out at Real Madrid and was keen to see first-team football in order to boost his hopes of making Holland 's World Cup squad , was equally thrilled to have made the switch . "  I am really happy that it has worked out and I am looking forward to Monday when I come to Hamburg , " he added . "  I had great talks with both Bernd Hoffmann  Hamburg president  and Bruno Labbadia  coach  and had a very positive impression from the very beginning . "  HSV is a great club with a strong team and big ambitions . I also have big ambitions . "	Ruud van Nistelrooy has joined Hamburg on a free transfer from Real Madrid , the German Bundesliga club have confirmed . Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia revealed he was pleased to capture the striker and is confident he will find the net regularly for the club . English Premier League sides Tottenham and West Ham had also been interested in signing the ex-Manchester United forward .
Washington  CNN  -- Thousands of firearms have gone missing from manufacturers ' inventories since 2009 "  without a record of being legally sold , " according to a report released Thursday by a gun control advocacy group . The report by the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence put the number of missing weapons at 16,485 . "  It is shocking that gun makers are so oblivious to public safety that they lose track of thousands of guns every year , " Henigan , acting president of the Brady Center , said in a statement . "  Given the lethality of its product , the gun industry has a special duty to act responsibly . Instead , it has a scandalous record of carelessness . " The Brady Center report suggests that some guns may never have had serial numbers stamped into them , making them virtually impossible to trace . The group says that the missing guns are often used by criminals precisely because they are so hard to trace . The report does not mention which manufacturers are reported to having missing firearms . The Brady Center says the data was collected from a Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives report that was presented to the gun industry last month . But the report also states that ATF conducts their compliance examinations at only about 20 % of gun dealers and manufacturers each year , and says as a result , "  The 16,485 ` missing ' guns are likely a vast undercount of the total number of guns that disappeared from gun manufacturers in the last two and a half years . " Andrew Molchan , Publisher of American Firearms Industry Magazine , slammed the report in a statement to CNN . "  The Brady spin and implication that some manufacturers , whose names are not mentioned so we ca n't check the charges , are knowingly selling guns before they are logged into the manufacturer 's records is absolutely ridiculous , " Molchan said . According to ATF statistics , more than 5 million firearms were made in the United States in 2008 by about 4,487 manufacturers . The federal law enforcement agency is in charge of inspecting companies that make and sell firearms to make sure they are in compliance with federal laws . The ATF says about 600 agents did more than 10,000 inspections last year , but the Brady Center says the agency is n't able to do enough because it lacks manpower and money . The ATF said it had not read the report and would not comment . The Brady Center is an advocacy group for tightened gun laws and was named after Jim Brady , President Ronald Reagan 's press secretary , who was shot in the head in the attempted assassination of Reagan in 1981 .	Brady Center slams gun makers ' "  scandalous record of carelessness " Report suggests some of the missing guns may not have serial numbers Gun industry advocate calls the report 's implications "  absolutely ridiculous "
