Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The autopsy on Corey Haim revealed the actor 's heart was enlarged and his lungs were filled with water when he died , Haim 's manager said . The Los Angeles County coroner told Haim 's mother that her son suffered from pulmonary congestion , manager Mark Heaslip said . Heaslip said this was evidence that Haim 's death was not caused by a drug overdose , but Brian Elias with the coroner 's office said they are waiting for toxicology tests before deciding what killed Haim . The 1980s teen movie actor , who struggled for decades with drug addiction , died early Wednesday after collapsing in the Los Angeles apartment he shared with his mother , authorities said . Longtime friend and frequent co-star Corey Feldman asked Wednesday that people not "  jump the gun " to conclude a drug overdose killed Haim . Heaslip , manager to both Feldman and Haim , said he seemed to be winning his battle against drug abuse in the weeks before his death . Haim , 38 , was taken to Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank , California , early Wednesday , where he was pronounced dead at 2:15 a.m. PT  5:15 a.m. ET  , said Ed Winter , Los Angeles County deputy coroner . Haim was in the apartment he shared with his mother , Judy Haim , when he "  became a little dizzy , he kind of went to his knees in the bedroom , " Winter said . "  His mom assisted him in the bed . He became unresponsive . " His mother called paramedics to the apartment , which is between Hollywood Hills and Burbank , he said . Haim had suffered from flulike symptoms for two days , the deputy coroner said . "  We found no illicit drugs . However , we did recover four of his prescription meds at the location , " Winter said , adding he does not know what those drugs were . Haim was "  weaned down to literally zero medications " in the past two weeks by an addiction specialist , Heaslip said on HLN 's "  Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell " on Wednesday . The doctor "  put him on a new line of medications , " Feldman said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday . Feldman pleaded with people not to draw conclusions that Haim died from a drug overdose . He said that until the autopsy report is issued , "  nobody knows and nobody 's going to know . " Watch Corey Feldman talk about his friend 's death on "  Larry King Live " "  I know that there were symptoms that he was showing that expressed it could be a number of things , " Feldman said . "  This could have been a kidney failure . This could have been a heart failure . " Heaslip that said Haim 's mother , Judy , told him "  there were no signs of him overdosing . " His death came as his career was picking up , with Haim booking "  movie after movie , " Heaslip said . His latest film is set for release soon , he said . Haim "  really became a man " in recent months as he helped his mother in her battle with cancer , Feldman said . "  He 's been there for her , taking care of her , being responsible , " he said . Feldman said he was angry about how Haim has been snubbed in recent years by the entertainment industry . He was broke , without a car and living in a month-to-month rental apartment with his mother , he said . "  We build people up as children , we put them on pedestals and then when we decide that they are not marketable anymore , we walk away from them , " he said . Haim 's most famous role was in the 1987 movie "  The Lost Boys , " in which he appeared with Feldman . Haim played the role of a fresh-faced teenager whose brother becomes a vampire . In later years , the two friends -- who appeared in eight movies together -- struggled with drug abuse and went their separate ways . They reunited for a reality show , "  The Two Coreys , " in 2007 , but A&E Network canceled the program after slightly more than a year . In a 2007 interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Haim and Feldman discussed their battle with drugs . Feldman told King that he had gotten clean , but it took Haim longer . Haim called himself "  a chronic relapser for the rest of my life . " "  I think I have an addiction to pretty much everything , " he said . "  I mean , I have to be very careful with myself as far as that goes , which is why I have a support group around me consistently . " In 2008 , Feldman told People magazine that he would no longer speak to Haim until his former co-star got sober . In a clip from "  The Two Coreys , " Feldman and his wife , along with two other former teen stars , called on Haim in an effort to get him to admit he needed help , the magazine said . The meeting followed an incident in which Haim , scheduled to film a cameo appearance in a direct-to-DVD sequel to "  The Lost Boys , " appeared on the set "  clearly under the influence , " People reported . Feldman told King on Wednesday that he renewed his contact with Haim in the past year because of the progress he made against his addiction . Haim was born December 23 , 1971 , in Toronto , Ontario , according to a biography on his Web site . He made his first television appearance in 1982 on the Canadian series "  The Edison Twins . " His first film role was in the 1984 movie "  First Born . " Haim also won rave reviews for his title role in the 1986 film "  Lucas . " Film critic Roger Ebert said of him at the time , "  If he continues to act this well , he will never become a half-forgotten child star , but will continue to grow into an important actor . " Following "  The Lost Boys , " Haim and Feldman appeared in "  License to Drive " and "  Dream a Little Dream . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Corey Haim 's manager : Autopsy showed actor 's heart was enlarged when he died Coroner told Haim 's mother that he suffered from pulmonary congestion , Mark Heaslip said Coroner 's official said they are awaiting toxicology tests before ruling on cause of death Haim , who struggled for decades with drug addiction , died early Wednesday
Westminster , California  CNN  -- The arraignment of Catherine Kieu Becker , the Southern California woman accused of cutting off her husband 's penis and throwing it into a garbage disposal , was continued Friday to September 23 at the request of her public defender . Orange County Superior Court Judge Debra Carrillo also set bail at $ 1 million for Becker , 48 , who had been held without bail since her arrest this month . She is charged with torture and aggravated mayhem . The judge also rejected her attorney 's request to bar cameras from the courtroom . Orange County Deputy Public Defender Frank Bittar unsuccessfully argued that the intense media coverage would jeopardize Becker 's ability to get a fair trial . Bittar also argued that the media coverage could lead to threats against Becker while in jail , but the judge said authorities are n't aware of any such threats . When she entered the courtroom inside a defendants ' cage , Becker draped her long black hair over her face to hide from cameras . She was shackled and dressed in a blue jumpsuit . Though authorities said she speaks English , a translator spoke to her in Vietnamese during the court proceedings . "  At this stage in the proceeding , I believe what we have before me is a citizen accused and not someone presumed guilty , " the judge told the defense in ruling against the camera ban request . She added : "  There are no threats we 're aware of . " After the hearing , Bittar declined to comment the day 's events other than to say : "  There 's a lot more to the case than meets the eye . " The Vietnam-born Becker , who is also known as Que Anh Tran , is also facing special allegations , or sentencing enhancements , for great bodily injury and personal use of a deadly weapon , specifically a knife , according to the felony complaint . If convicted on all counts , she would face a maximum sentence of life without the possibility of parole , prosecutors said . An initial police investigation alleged that Becker , of Garden Grove , California , put a drug or poison in her 60-year-old husband 's dinner on July 11 to make him sleepy . Senior Deputy District Attorney John Christl said a toxicology inquiry looking into the alleged drugging should be completed in two to three weeks . "  I 'd be speculating as to what the toxicology might show and what drug if any " may be involved , Christl told reporters after the hearing . The defense sought the delay in the arraignment because Becker 's attorney is new to the case and needs time to review police reports with his clients , Christl said . Becker told authorities her husband "  deserved it " when officers arrived at the scene after she called 911 , the police report says . The couple married in December 2009 , but separated in April . The husband filed for divorce on May 16 in Orange County Superior Court , citing "  irreconcilable differences , " according to the divorce papers . They have no children , and their only shared assets are a condominium and a 2010 Toyota Prius , court papers said . He is listed as president of a fabric and design firm whose address is the same as his residence , court papers show . She recently submitted a license application to become a real estate agent , Christl said . On the night of July 11 , Becker and her husband argued about friends staying at their Garden Grove residence , prosecutors said in a news release . Becker served her husband dinner , and after feeling tired at about 9 p.m. , he went to bed , authorities said . Becker then tied her husband 's legs and arms to the four corners of the bed with nylon rope , according to the district attorney 's office . As he woke , she pulled down his pants , grabbed his penis and severed it with a knife , prosecutors said . Becker then took the penis to the kitchen , threw it into the garbage disposal and turned it on , "  mutilating the organ , " the prosecutors ' statement said . The husband underwent emergency surgery at UC Irvine Medical Center , authorities said . He has since returned home , but prosecutors were n't commenting on the husband 's condition out of respect for his privacy . The Orange County case has been widely compared to the1993 attack against John Wayne Bobbitt by his then-wife , Lorena , who cut off his penis with an 8-inch carving knife while he slept . Lorena Bobbitt then drove away , tossing the penis out her car window . The penis was eventually found and surgically reattached . Lorena Bobbitt was later found innocent by reason of insanity . During her testimony , she tearfully described her life at the hands of her abusive husband . In a separate trial , John Wayne Bobbitt was acquitted of sexually assaulting his wife . He later made appearances on "  The Howard Stern Show . " He also made a number of adult films .	NEW : A judge sets bail at $ 1 million and rejects a request to bar courtroom cameras Catherine Kieu Becker , 48 , is charged with aggravated mayhem and torture She is accused of drugging her husband and cutting off his penis , police say The couple is going through a divorce
CNN  -- It 's a warm day in West Des Moines , Iowa , a small town in America 's heartland . Off a main thoroughfare , an unassuming gym sits in a strip mall . People come and go , passing a young woman sitting in a desk chair just inside the gym 's front door , getting her hair and makeup done . She is Gabby Douglas , and when the women 's gymnastics all-around gold medal was placed around her neck at the London 2012 Olympics , she became an instant superstar . When we met her at the gym her host family owns , she was busy smiling , jumping and posing for a photo shoot with Seventeen Magazine . Here , in the middle of Iowa , Douglas continues to work and train , and balance new-found celebrity with everyday life . One year after the 2012 Olympics , it is just one example of how everything and nothing has changed . The London event was heralded as "  the Women 's Games " and for good reason -- for the first time , every country and every event allowed women to compete . Exactly a century after the founder of the modern Olympics said "  an Olympiad with females would be impractical , uninteresting , unaesthetic and improper , " the International Olympic Committee , or IOC , celebrated the most equal Olympics to date . Some countries , like the United States and China , actually sent more women than men . And for the first time ever , Brunei , Qatar and Saudi Arabia had women on their national teams . Saudi Arabia was long seen as the last holdout , its hand eventually being forced by the IOC , which delivered an ultimatum : send women , or face a ban from all Olympic competition . In a country where women ca n't vote until 2015 , ca n't play sports in public schools , and ca n't even drive , the Middle East country had to find female athletes to represent it . The search turned up two women -- Sarah Attar and Wodjan Sharkhani . Attar , a dual citizen of Saudi Arabia and the U.S. , grew up in California . Normally a marathon runner , she was told less than two months before the Games began that she would be running the 800-meter race in London . "  It was definitely a big thought process going into it , " Attar told CNN 's "  An Uneven Playing Field " documentary in her first television interview since the Olympics . "  It was n't something that I 'd been working for , for so long , which so many Olympians do , and essentially it came down to , how could I not go ? " The sight of Attar on the running track dressed in leggings , long sleeves and a special head-covering brought international attention to an otherwise routine 800m heat . And while she finished dead last , she was celebrated around the world for her historic accomplishment . But not everyone was pleased with Saudi 's compliance . Back in the kingdom , Attar and 16-year-old teammate Sharkhani faced criticism and threats . On Twitter , someone started the hashtag "  prostitutes of the Olympics " in Arabic , and many wondered if Attar and Sharkhani -- who lost her first judo match in less than two minutes -- were truly trailblazers , or token entrants . "  It really was a brilliant moment , " says Alison Kervin , sports editor of The Mail on Sunday , and the UK 's first female sports editor of a major British newspaper . "  But when those girls went back to Saudi Arabia and all these other countries , whether that led to girls in their countries suddenly putting on trainers and throwing off their burkas and getting out on the running track , I 'm not sure . "  One Games , over two weeks , however wonderful it was , is n't enough to change the face of women 's sport . " While the IOC also admits more needs to be done , particularly in getting more women into leadership positions in sport , there is no doubt London 2012 was worth celebrating for most -- but not all . English athlete Samantha Rippington disputes the claim that all the events included women . She is a canoeist , competing at world championships but not at the Olympics -- because her sport is not included . The event of "  canoe and kayak " is grouped -- allowing the IOC to say all events include women , when technically they do n't . "  It 's very frustrating , " said Rippington . "  There 's 36 , 37 countries competing or developing women 's canoe around the world , so I know there are athletes who are at standard , who want to race , and are very much capable of racing at the Olympics . " It shines a light on another inequality at the Olympics -- the medal count . At London 2012 , men had the chance to compete in 163 events , while the women had only 131 events . Some events , like boxing , had fewer weight classes available to women , even though women 's international boxing recognizes more than the three chosen for the London Olympic program . Rippington filed a discrimination claim against the London Organizing Committee last year . And while she was n't able to get women 's canoe added to the London 2012 program , she continues the fight for the next Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , in 2016 . But the women who did get their chance last year took full advantage . Many of the most memorable faces of the 2012 Games were females -- like the UK 's Jessica Ennis , Douglas and her "  Fierce Five " teammates , the U.S. women 's football side and Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen . Despite the challenges that remain , London 2012 provided a foundation for gender equality in sport . It produced countless female role models , heroes , and champions -- and for 17 days in time , leveled the playing field . "  It 's the start is n't it , " said Kervin . "  Hopefully we 'll look back in 20 , 30 years and remember that first Olympics when it started and then go , ` Gosh you would n't imagine an Olympics not full of women . ' "  So it 's just a start of a very big process , and it was a fantastic start . "	A year on from the Olympics have attitudes towards women 's sport changed ? Women competed in every event at 2012 and were on every single team Led to hopes the fight against inequality in sport could be transformed Games produced countless role models , heroes , and champions
Los Angeles  CNN  -- One of Dr. Conrad Murray 's girlfriends described Tuesday a phone call with Murray that was suddenly interrupted with the "  mumbling of voices " and coughing -- a moment prosecutors suggest is when the doctor realized there was a problem with Michael Jackson . A Houston , Texas , cocktail waitress was one three Murray girlfriends called by the prosecution Tuesday morning in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Murrary , who was Jackson 's doctor . The Las Vegas pharmacist who supplied Dr. Murray with the drugs prosecutors contend killed Michael Jackson also testified in a court day that ended two hours early because of witnesses scheduling issues . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor limited how deep prosecutors could dig into Murray 's social relationships with the women , but all three said they met Murray in Las Vegas night clubs . A fourth woman testified Monday she dated him after meeting in a Houston bar . The prosecution contends that one reason Murray is criminally responsible for Jackson 's death is because phone calls and text messages to these women , other patients and employees at his clinics caused him to ignore his patient while administering dangerous drugs . While the courtroom presence of the women may help prosecutors convince jurors about Murray 's moral character , each of them offered important testimony about Murray 's activities on June 25 , 2009 , the day Jackson died . Michelle Bella testified that she met Murray at a Las Vegas "  social club " where she was working in February 2008 . Murray sent Bella a cell phone text message at 8:35 a.m. the day Jackson died , but the judge did not allow the prosecution to read it . Judge Pastor also would not let the jury hear a voice message Murray left on Bella 's cell phone nine days earlier . But Bella did answer ` yes ' when asked if Murray had told her he hoped to "  meet up with you " later at a club in Las Vegas before he left for London with Jackson . The judge ordered that testimony stricken from the court record , but jurors clearly heard it . Prosecutors argue that Murray , who was Jackson 's personal physician as he prepared for planned comeback concerts , is criminally responsible for the singer 's death because of medical negligence and his reckless use of the surgical anesthetic propofol to help Jackson sleep . The coroner ruled that Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was the result of "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with sedatives . Murray 's defense lawyers contend Jackson caused his own death by swallowing eight lorazepam pills and orally ingesting propofol while Murray was out of the room . Sade Anding , a cocktail waitress who met Murray when she was working at a Houston steakhouse , testified Tuesday that Murray called her at 11:51 a.m. that day . Anding said she did all the talking for five or six minutes "  telling him about my day " but that she realized he had stopped responding to her . That moment , about 11:57 a.m. , is when prosecutors contend Murray first realized that Jackson had stopped breathing . "  I said ` Hello , hello , are you there ? " Anding testified . She said when she pressed her cell phone against her ear , "  I heard the mumbling of voices ... and I heard coughing , and nobody answered . " Anding hung up the phone about three minutes later , she said . Murray , who is married , lived with Nicole Alvarez , 29 , at the time he was working as Jackson 's personal physician in the 2009 . Murray took Alvarez and their newborn son to visit with Jackson at his home in March 2009 , she testified . "  I was speechless when I met him , " Alvarez said about the first of several visits with the pop icon . "  I could n't believe I was meeting Michael Jackson . " Murray called her from the ambulance while on the way to the hospital with Jackson , Alvarez testified . "  I remember him telling me , that he was on the way to the hospital in the ambulance with Mr. Jackson and for me not to be alarmed , " Alvarez said . "  He did n't want me to be worry , because he knew I would learn this through the news . " Pharmacist Tim Lopez , who followed Alvarez on the witness stand Tuesday , testified he sold and shipped more than four gallons of propofol to the Santa Monica apartment where Murray lived with Alvarez . Randy and Rebbie Jackson were the only Jackson siblings in court Tuesday . Katherine Jackson left the country last weekend to attend a Cirque du Soleil premiere in Montreal , Canada , and she is not expected to return until after this weekend 's "  Michael Forever " tribute in Cardiff , Wales . The judge ordered lawyers not to disclose to reporters ahead of time who they will call as witnesses , but they 've been closely following the order used in the preliminary hearing . Los Angeles Police Homicide Detective Dan Myers , who led the Los Angeles Police Department investigation of Jackson 's death , and coroner 's Investigator Elissa Fleak will probably testify Tuesday or Wednesday , based on that pattern . On Monday , the emergency room doctor who declared Jackson dead testified that there was no way doctors could have revived the pop icon after he arrived at the hospital . Dr. Richelle Cooper said Murray never told her that he had given Jackson propofol before he stopped breathing , but it would not have made a difference if he had because Jackson "  had died long before . " "  It is unlikely with that information that I would have been able to do something different that would have changed the outcome , " Cooper said . Prosecutors argue that Murray 's failure to tell paramedics and doctors trying to resuscitate Jackson about the propofol is one of the negligent acts that make him criminally responsible for Jackson 's death . Another doctor testified Monday that the decision to place an aortic balloon pump in Jackson 's heart was "  a desperate attempt , even though very much futile " intended "  to prepare Dr. Murray mentally to accept the fact that Mr. Jackson could not be rescued and would allow Mr. Jackson to depart in peace and dignity . " Dr. Thao Nguyen said Murray asked that "  we not to give up easily and try to save Mr. Michael Jackson 's life , " Nguyen said , even though it seemed hopeless . They placed a balloon pump in Jackson 's aorta in an unsuccessful effort to restart his heart , she said . "  It 's not a case of too little , too late , but a case of too late , " Nguyen said . Cooper had recommended at 12:57 p.m. , when Jackson was still at his home , that paramedics stop resuscitation efforts and declare him dead . Jackson was the first patient she had ever treated in the emergency room after having made such a recommendation to paramedics in the field , she said . "  I have never given a time of death in the field and then have that patient brought to me , " she said . She said this exception was not because Jackson was a celebrity , but because the patient had a physician with him who did not want them to give up . Prosecutors have criticized Murray , who is a cardiologist , for using propofol on Jackson , contending it should be used only by anesthesiologists who have proper monitoring equipment . Cooper , a prosecution witness , acknowledged under questioning by defense lawyer Michael Flanagan that she uses it regularly as an emergency room doctor . If convicted of involuntary manslaughter , Murray could spend four years in a California prison and lose his medical license .	Girlfriend describes call with Murray when prosecutors say he realized Jackson stopped breathing Three woman who met Dr. Conrad Murray in Las Vegas clubs testify The pharmacist who sold Murray propofol testifes Testimony from the lead LAPD detective and coroner 's investigator are expected soon
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told residents in the Buffalo area to be ready to evacuate if they think floodwater caused by melting snow could reach their residences . "  It 's not enough that your home has never flooded before , " Cuomo said Sunday morning at a news conference . "  There 's always a first time , and this may be the first time . " He said people living in places that might flood should have a bag packed and clean out valuables from their basements . He urged them not to wait until the last minute to leave . "  Please err on the side of caution , " he said . Cuomo said dealing with flooding is worse than the snow . "  It 's not water , " he said Sunday . "  It 's a toxic brew . It has sewage in it ; it has runoff in it . " Warming temperatures forecast for Sunday will start to melt 7 feet of snow that fell last week . Rain will add to the menace . State officials are n't taking any chances . They 've beefed up stockpiles of emergency supplies including generators and pumps and prepared nearly 180,000 sandbags . Swift-water rescue teams also are in place , along with helicopters , in case anyone gets caught in a deluge of runoff waters . The New York Fire Department sent about 40 members of its incident management team and about 500 National Guardsmen arrived the area . Temperatures should reach the high 40s on Sunday and go as high as 60 on Monday , according to the National Weather Service . Freezing temperatures are not expected again until Tuesday night . The snow is melting fast in Depew , New York , said CNN iReporter Dawn Buck . A few days ago , it reached the railing of her backyard gazebo , she said , but on Sunday the snow was down to the floor . "  At least 3 feet of snow has melted so far , " she said Sunday afternoon . There 's also the threat of more structure collapses as all the rain saturates the snow on the tops of buildings , making the load even heavier . Several dozen roofs have already collapsed from just the weight of the snow , according to Erie County officials . Cuomo said structural engineers will examine schools and other government buildings that might be in danger of roof collapses . He said most state government offices will reopen Monday . ` City of Good Neighbors ' One Buffalo man has a memorable souvenir of the storm . Anthony Marchioli was so bored he rented a small snow tractor to clear driveways on his street , CNN affiliate WKBW reported . On the way back from the rental business , he saw his wife standing in the street outside their house . She was pregnant and her water had unexpectedly broken , so Marchioli put her on the tractor and pushed through whiteout snow to Mercy Hospital , WKBW reported . Eleven hours later , the couple 's third daughter was born . Her name : Loxley Storm Marchioli . Erica Bartoe , a CNN iReporter from Hamburg , New York , said that people had come to her town from other areas to help shovel snow and drop off donations . "  Buffalo is called the City of Good Neighbors for a reason , " she said . "  There were people everywhere helping out . " Flooding threat extends to Tuesday The area is under a flood warning . The National Weather Service says flood-prone areas will be inundated but warns there will be more widespread flooding , too . "  We  expect 5 to 6 feet of water in some areas in a short period of time , " Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz said Saturday . The risk of flooding extends into Tuesday . Commissioner Daniel Neaverth Jr. of the county Civil Defense/Disaster Preparedness Division told affiliate WGRZ that officials are "  hoping for best , but we 're also preparing for the worst . " It 's a notion the governor echoed . "  Hopefully , we need none of this , and hopefully this was just an elaborate exercise in logistics that we will have done and then we will deconstruct , and everything will go back and people will say , ` Boy , the governor really made us waste our time bringing everything out there just to bring it back , ' " Cuomo said Saturday . "  I hope that happens . " Cuomo also said individuals have a responsibility to help deal with the storm . He urged people to clean out storm drains in front of their houses "  so the water has some place to go . " A year 's worth of snow in a week The 86 inches that fell in some areas in three days last week is a typical year 's worth of snow for Buffalo , according to the National Weather Service . The deadly storm claimed 13 lives -- many because of heart attacks while clearing snow . The death toll also includes one senior citizen who died of natural causes after or while being evacuated Thursday from a nursing home in Cheektowaga , officials said . The storm also forced the NFL to reschedule Sunday 's football game between the Buffalo Bills and the New York Jets . Instead of being played in Buffalo , it 's now scheduled for Monday in Detroit . For the Bills , even getting out of the Buffalo area had its complications . Before meeting at the stadium Friday morning to get on a bus to the airport , some of the players had to be picked up by snowmobile because of driving bans in certain areas , team spokesman Scott Berchtold said .	Buffalo man rented snow tractor , ended up taking pregnant wife to hospital Be ready to evacuate , Gov. Andrew Cuomo tells people in low-lying areas The Buffalo area is under a flood warning Authorities worry some buildings could collapse as snow on roofs soaks up rain
The U.S . Presidential race is going down to the wire and with Barack Obama and Mitt Romney looking to sway those undecided voters , the U.S. president has secured the backing of an unlikely supporter -- Cristiano Ronaldo . The Real Madrid star is widely seen as one of the two greatest footballers on the planet at present , along with Barcelona rival Lionel Messi , and knows what it takes to win , with a trophy cabinet boasting medals for the Champions League , the English Premier League as well as the Spanish League and Cup . Never afraid to seek the limelight , the Portuguese joins former Manchester United colleague Wayne Rooney in outlining how he would exercise his vote in the U.S. elections should he have one -- with both men identifying with the White House 's current resident . "  I like the way he speaks with people , his communication -- I think it 's always firm what he says -- and I would like to meet him because he 's an honest person , " Ronaldo exclusively told CNN . Last month , England star Rooney revealed a hitherto-unseen political interest after the third and final televised debate between the Democrat and Republic candidates . "  Watched all the presidential debates . If I had to vote , would vote Obama , " tweeted Rooney , who has over five million Twitter followers . Neither Rooney nor Ronaldo can vote in the elections given their nationalities but Obama can count on some similarly heavyweight sporting figures back home -- with baseball legends Willie Mays and Hank Aaron having both pledged their support to the Democrat . New Orleans Saints wide receiver Marques Colston has been one of the largest donors to the Obama campaign , pledging $ 73,000 , while Carmelo Anthony , Chris Bosh and the legendary Michael Jordan were among a bevy of NBA stars who participated in August 's ` Obama Classic ' , a fund-raising basketball event which drew a host of stars . Celebrity endorsement Despite the credentials of those standing behind their man , a leading Professor of American Studies warned that the impact of such celebrity endorsement is far weaker now than it has been in years gone by . "  The candidates are hoping to grab a bit of airtime , free advertising in effect , through these stars but there are so many different channels of information that this gets diluted now , " says Alabama-born Scott Lucas from the University of Birmingham in England . "  There has just been so much more to focus on at this election , in that it has been such a close race . The stars can create a bit of a ripple , and it 's a nice talking point , but it 's not the same as it was 20 years ago when the Hollywood left used to make an impact . "  Today , the biggest celebrity is  former U.S. President  Bill Clinton and when he came out this weekend he got the type of treatment that is usually reserved for sports and entertainment celebrities -- the issue for the Republicans is that they have no one to match Clinton 's impact . " Romney supporters That may be , but Republican candidate Romney does have the backing of one of the biggest sporting icons in United States history -- former golfer Jack Nicklaus , whose tally of 18 Majors is still unsurpassed . Now 72 , Nicklaus -- who rallied Cincinatti Bengals fans to vote for the Republicans ahead of their game this weekend -- could help Romney in the key voting state of Ohio , where the ` Golden Bear ' lives . Other leading sports figures backing Romney are fellow golfer Rickie Fowler , tennis ' four-time Major winner Jim Courier , legendary NFL quarterback John Elway and Mike Eruzione , who captained the U.S. to 1980 Olympic glory following the famous Miracle of Ice win over the Soviet Union . "  It has been over 10 years , so many of you may have forgotten , but in 2002 , due to bribery scandals and mismanagement , the Olympics - not just those Games - but the Olympics as an institution - were threatened . Thankfully , Mitt Romney was there , to salvage a desperate situation , " Eruzione said of a man who helped restore some order to Salt Lake City 's controversial hosting of the Winter Olympics . "  Just like the Olympics needed Mitt 's leadership 10 years ago , America desperately needs Mitt Romney 's leadership today . Please join me in making him the next President of the United States ! " On Monday , both Obama and Romney spent the final hours of the campaign making a mad dash through battleground states in a late push to sway a closely divided electorate ahead of Tuesday 's election . In a final 24 hours , Obama and Romney -- or their campaign surrogates , including their wives and the vice presidential candidates -- are scheduled to make stops in Ohio , Iowa , Florida , Virginia , Colorado , Wisconsin , Nevada , North Carolina , Pennsylvania and New Hampshire . The push comes as national polls show the race is tied . A new CNN poll showed 49 % support for Obama and 49 % for Romney .	Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo says he would vote for Barack Obama if he could Portuguese joins former Manchester United colleague Wayne Rooney in choosing Obama above Mitt Romney Romney camp is backed by Jack Nicklaus , Jim Courier and John Elway among others
CNN  -- At least two people were killed and as many as 120 injured in Thanksgiving pileups involving an estimated 100 cars on a foggy stretch of highway in southeast Texas , authorities said . The first accident -- a multi-car wreck in the eastbound lands of Interstate 10 -- occurred about 8:45 a.m. , according to the Texas Department of Public Safety . Chain-reaction crashes followed , the department said in a news release , and included several accidents in the westbound lanes of the intersate , southwest of Beaumont in Jefferson County . "  Initial reports at the time of the crash indicated there was dense fog , which could be a contributing factor to those crashes , " Texas Highway Patrol Trooper Stephanie Davis said . The two fatalities occurred in the same vehicle , authorities said . The victims were identified as Vincent Leggio , 64 , and Debra Leggio , 60 , both of Pearland , Texas . The two were killed when their vehicle was hit from behind by an 18-wheeler , the Department of Public Safety said . Video from CNN affiliate KBMT showed badly mangled vehicles atop one another and people who appeared to be injured stretched out in grass alongside the highway and on ambulance gurneys . Long lines of cars , each battered and some appearing to be totaled , lined the roadway . The vehicles included cars , minivans , pickups , tractor-trailer trucks and at least one FedEx truck . In several pictures , there appeared to be a slight sheen of fog . It was not known exactly how many injuries resulted from the accidents , said Davis . Jefferson County Deputy Sheriff Rod Carroll said that at least 80 and as many as 120 injured people were taken from the scene . The most seriously injured were being transported to Houston , about 75 miles away . Several victims were transported to neighboring hospitals in Beaumont and Port Arthur . The role of fog and the causes of the accidents were still under investigation , Davis said . Westbound lanes of the interstate were closed for nearly four hours before being reopened . The eastbound lanes of I-10 were closed after the accident throughout most of the day , with the Department of Public Safety saying shortly after 5 p.m. that those lanes had been cleared of debris and reopened .	After being closed for hours following the accident , all lanes of Interstae 10 reopened The two fatalities occurred after a vehicle was hit from behind by an 18-wheeler Some 100 cars were in a series of pileups on Interstate 10 near Beaumont , Texas As many as 120 injured were taken to hospitals
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro is taking over leadership of a country whose government believes its citizens are not working hard enough . Raul Castro was chosen Sunday to take over Cuba 's presidency from his brother , Fidel Castro . The state-run newspaper recently ran an article headlined "  Work : Option or necessity ? " The writer pointed out that , judging by the number of people in the streets during the day , many Cubans do n't seem to be on the job . They have few motivations to buckle down : Salaries average about $ 15 per month on the island , and Cubans get monthly food rations even if they do n't work . Watch a report on the realities in Cuba " "  There is a strong desire to protect and to gradually increase the incomes and savings of the population , particularly of those least favored , " said Raul Castro , 76 . The black market is so widespread that Cubans have coined a special term for breaking the law to make ends meet : "  resolver " -- literally , "  to resolve . " See Cuba through I-Reporters ' eyes " The new president , who took the reins of power Sunday from his ailing brother , Fidel , 81 , has said the country must become more productive . "  The country 's priority will be to meet the basic needs of the population , both material and spiritual , based on the sustained strengthening of the national economy and its productive basis without which , I 'll say it again , development would be impossible , " Raul Castro said in a speech Sunday . Cubans , too , are calling for reforms , though not all of them related to productivity . In a recent video that has made the rounds on the Internet , a student poses tough questions to the president of Cuba 's National Assembly , asking why Cubans can not travel freely to resorts -- a practice derided by critics as "  tourist apartheid . " Though such a public display of discontent is rare , the video echoed sentiments often voiced in private for years , particularly since the fall of the Soviet empire in 1991 and , with it , the loss of billions of dollars in subsidies . Cuban officials counter that Cubans are not granted access to the nation 's most luxurious spots because they do not have the foreign exchange brought by the tourists and needed to run the country 's social programs , such as free health care and education . With a new president steering the island nation for the first time in 49 years , some Cubans have allowed their expectations to rise . "  I think those expectations are really very large indeed and it 'll be the Achilles heel , potentially , of this new government if it does n't attack them with some vigor , " said Hal Klepak , a professor of history and warfare studies at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston , Ontario . Indeed , Castro has promised to move within a few weeks to improve efficiency by cutting some of the red tape that can frustrate the most fervent of revolutionaries . But Wayne S. Smith , a senior fellow at the Center for International Policy in Washington and chief of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana from 1979 to 1982 , predicted Sunday in an editorial in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that Raul Castro will not break strongly from his brother 's policies . "  Rather , we will see a peaceful transition and the existing system remain largely intact , " Smith predicted . Still , changes are inevitable , he said . "  Raul Castro has called for a nationwide debate on the country 's economic future and for Cubans to propose reforms in group discussions . "  He has also called for new proposals to raise productivity , including discussion of more private ownership of land . The Cuban people want change , want reforms that will bring about a better way of life . " Smith credited the younger Castro 's leadership over the past 1 1/2 years , while serving as acting president , with having already resulted in "  a greater openness , and open criticism of certain government programs . " But the degree of change remains uncertain , as does the possibility that "  even from the shadow Fidel will try to discourage reforms , " he said , adding "  the prognosis , nonetheless , is hopeful . " See a timeline of Castro 's rise to power " The U.S. government 's former man in Havana recommended current politicians exert pressure on the island with a light touch . "  We could accomplish far more by reducing tensions and beginning a meaningful dialogue , " he said . "  Raul Castro has several times suggested such a dialogue . Why not take him up on it ? We have disagreements , yes , but how do we resolve them without talking ? " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Morgan Neill contributed to this story .	Cuban President Raul Castro says the country must become more productive Castro has promised to improve efficiency by cutting some red tape Expectations rise as a new president leads Cuba for the first time in 49 years Rare public displays of discontent show frustrations faced by Cubans
CNN  -- A group calling itself the "  Iran cyber army " claimed responsibility Tuesday for hacking into a number of Voice of America internet pages , according to reports from both Voice of America and Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency . The group displayed a message on Voice of America 's Farsi page , calling for an end to U.S. "  interference " in the Muslim world . "  Ms. Clinton , do you want to hear the oppressed voices of nations from the heart of America ? " the group asked . "  The Muslim world does not believe in U.S. deceit . We tell you , stop intervening in Muslim countries . " The action was taken "  in response to the propagation of lies and plots of anti-revolutionary sites , " Fars reported , claiming that a total of 95 sites affiliated with Voice of America were hacked . Fars said that Voice of America acts as "  part of the United States ' spying organizations . " Voice of America indicated that the cyber attack may have been launched in response to a recent ABC interview with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . During the interview , Clinton referenced the State Department 's opening of Twitter accounts in Arabic and Farsi , stating , "  We want to be joining young people who , like young Americans , seek their right to express their views . " Voice of America noted that websites in other languages -- including Azeri , Dari , Pashtun , and Urdu -- were also targeted by the hackers . The Iranian government is among a number of regimes in the broader Middle East and Muslim world targeted by protesters in recent weeks . Thousands of security officers cracked down on landmark sites in Iran 's capital and other major cities Sunday , striking at throngs of protesters with batons and rushing others on motorcycles , according to witnesses .	Voice of America web pages have been hacked by an Iranian group The group is calling for an end to U.S. "  interference " in the Muslim world The move may have come in reaction to the State Department 's opening of Arabic and Farsi Twitter accounts
CNN  -- Paraguay booked a place in the last eight of the World Cup for the very first time in their history at the expense of Japan but only after a dramatic penalty shoot out in Pretoria . Japan 's Yuichi Komano missed the crucial spot kick and Paraguay striker Oscar Cardozo was the man to seal the game with the winning penalty , as his side triumphed 5-3 . Neither side created many chances during 120 minutes of disappointing football , though Japan 's Daisuke Matsui hit the crossbar and Paraguay forced goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima into a couple of smart saves . In the end , Paraguay held its nerve from 12 yards to make it to the quarterfinals , where they will face the winners of Tuesday 's other last 16 clash between Spain and Portugal . After a quiet opening 20 minutes at Loftus Versfeld Stadium Paraguay fashioned the first opening when Lucas Barrios got into the area and forced Japan goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima into a good low save . Seconds later , Daisuke Matsui struck the bar from 25 yards with a looping shot . Manchester City striker Roque Santa Cruz was the next to go close as he latched onto a loose ball in the area but he dragged his shot wide . Five minutes before halftime Japan created a chance for Keisuke Honda after Matsui squared the ball to him on the edge of the box . He elected to shoot , and sliced his shot wide , when Yoshito Okubo was unmarked to his left . Chances were few and far between for the rest of half as Japan sat deep and made themselves difficult to break down . After the break Nestor Ortigoza worked his way into the penalty area but failed to get a shot off before Cristian Riveros flashed a header right at Kawashima . Japan defender Marcus Tulio Tanaka went close with a header from a corner but both sides struggled to open each other up . As the end of 90 minutes loomed both sides retreated , more than happy to sit back rather than launch men forward , and the game duly went into extra time . Paraguay pressed forward after the restart and substitute Edgar Barreto tested Kawashima with a header , before the ` keeper had to dive at Nelson Valdez 's feet to prevent him scoring . Honda then forced Paraguay ` keeper Justo Villar into a save with a free-kick . In the second half of extra time Japan came close to a winner when Yuto Nagatomo 's cross was met by Honda but Villar saved , but the game went to penalties . The first six penalties were converted before Komano smashed his shot against the crossbar . Then Cardozo held his nerve to clinch the game .	Paraguay beat Japan to book a place in the last eight of the World Cup South American side won 5-3 on penalties after a goalless game Japan 's Yuichi Komano missed the crucial penalty Paraguay will now face either Spain or Portugal in quarterfinal
CNN  -- We recently learned that U.S. intelligence agencies had at least three days ' warning that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was preparing to launch a chemical attack on his own people , but was n't able to stop it . At least that 's what an intelligence briefing from the White House reveals . With the combined abilities of our national intelligence apparatus -- the CIA , National Security Agency , National Reconnaissance Office and all the rest -- it 's not surprising that we had advance notice . It 's not known whether the U.S. shared what it knew . More interestingly , the U.S. government did not choose to act on that knowledge  for example , launch a pre-emptive strike  , which left some wondering why . There are several possible explanations , all of which point to a fundamental problem with intelligence information and our national intelligence apparatuses . The first possibility is that we may have had the data , but did n't fully understand what it meant . This is the proverbial connect-the-dots problem . As we 've learned again and again , connecting the dots is hard . Our intelligence services collect billions of individual pieces of data every day . After the fact , it 's easy to walk backward through the data and notice all the individual pieces that point to what actually happened . Before the fact , though , it 's much more difficult . The overwhelming majority of those bits of data point in random directions , or nowhere at all . Almost all the dots do n't connect to anything . Rather than thinking of intelligence as a connect-the-dots picture , think of it as a million unnumbered pictures superimposed on top of each other . Which picture is the relevant one ? We have no idea . Turning that data into actual information is an extraordinarily difficult problem , and one that the vast scope of our data-gathering programs makes even more difficult . The second possible explanation is that while we had some information about al-Assad 's plans , we did n't have enough confirmation to act on that information . This is probably the most likely explanation . We ca n't act on inklings , hunches , or possibilities . We probably ca n't even act on probabilities ; we have to be sure . But when it comes to intelligence , it 's hard to be sure . There could always be something else going on -- something we 're not able to eavesdrop on , spy on , or see from our satellites . Again , our knowledge is most obvious after the fact . The third is that while we were sure of our information , we could n't act because that would reveal "  sources and methods . " This is probably the most frustrating explanation . Imagine we are able to eavesdrop on al-Assad 's most private conversations with his generals and aides , and are absolutely sure of his plans . If we act on them , we reveal that we are eavesdropping . As a result , he 's likely to change how he communicates , costing us our ability to eavesdrop . It might sound perverse , but often the fact that we are able to successfully spy on someone is a bigger secret than the information we learn from that spying . This dynamic was vitally important during World War II . During the war , the British were able to break the German Enigma encryption machine and eavesdrop on German military communications . But while the Allies knew a lot , they would only act on information they learned when there was another plausible way they could have learned it . They even occasionally manufactured plausible explanations . It was just too risky to tip the Germans off that their encryption machines ' code had been broken . The fourth possibility is that there was nothing useful we could have done . And it is hard to imagine how we could have prevented the use of chemical weapons in Syria . We could n't have launched a pre-emptive strike , and it 's probable that it would n't have been effective . The only feasible action would be to alert the opposition -- and that , too , might not have accomplished anything . Or perhaps there was n't sufficient agreement for any one course of action -- so , by default , nothing was done . All of these explanations point out the limitations of intelligence . The NSA serves as an example . The agency measures its success by amount of data collected , not by information synthesized or knowledge gained . But it 's knowledge that matters . The NSA 's belief that more data is always good , and that it 's worth doing anything in order to collect it , is wrong . There are diminishing returns , and the NSA almost certainly passed that point long ago . But the idea of trade-offs does not seem to be part of its thinking . The NSA missed the Boston Marathon bombers , even though the suspects left a really sloppy Internet trail and the older brother was on the terrorist watch list . With all the NSA is doing eavesdropping on the world , you would think the least it could manage would be keeping track of people on the terrorist watch list . Apparently not . I do n't know how the CIA measures its success , but it failed to predict the end of the Cold War . More data does not necessarily mean better information . It 's much easier to look backward than to predict . Information does not necessarily enable the government to act . Even when we know something , protecting the methods of collection can be more valuable than the possibility of taking action based on gathered information . But there 's not a lot of value to intelligence that ca n't be used for action . These are the paradoxes of intelligence , and it 's time we started remembering them . Of course , we need organizations like the CIA , the NSA , the NRO and all the rest . Intelligence is a vital component of national security , and can be invaluable in both wartime and peacetime . But it is just one security tool among many , and there are significant costs and limitations . We 've just learned from the recently leaked "  black budget " that we 're spending $ 52 billion annually on national intelligence . We need to take a serious look at what kind of value we 're getting for our money , and whether it 's worth it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	U.S. intelligence agencies had some prior warnings about Syria 's chemical attack Schneier : Despite the knowledge , the U.S. was n't able to stop the attack He says having more data does not necessarily enable government to act meaningfully Schneier : The paradox is that a lot of valuable intelligence ca n't be used for action
CNN  South America 's Atacama Desert , one of the driest places on Earth , resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there . The lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe . "  It is pure visual silence , " said photographer Andres Figueroa . "  It is amazing . There is absolutely no humidity , and  these conditions  create some striking contrasts . " There , in that clear , inhospitably arid environment , Figueroa turned his camera lens toward another discussion on cosmology , one rooted in the ancient folklore of the Andean people . Taking along his mobile lighting studio , Figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals that take place every July in the Atacama . In his "  Dancers of the Deserts " series , Figueroa chronicles these festivals , which attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in Chile . "  I have always wanted to see the desert . Even though I am not very religious , I 've always been curious about their traditions , " said Figueroa , who is from the Chilean capital of Santiago . Figueroa worked hard on cataloging and differentiating the ceremonies and their complex rituals -- at times playing the role of an artist , others as an anthropologist -- but he always remained faithful to his love for classic portraiture . "  From an anthropological standpoint , I was interested in documenting all the signs and symbols that appear in each costume and character , all the indigenous and Catholic syncretism , " he said . "  My lighting studio allowed me to pick up on these details . "  From a portraiture standpoint , I used a formal approach to explain this living culture that is constantly growing and reinventing itself . I asked each character to stop to be photographed , taking them away momentarily from the festival in a more intimate scenario . " Photographing adobe walls , desert landscapes and the ubiquitous camping sites where pilgrims come to gather , Figueroa said each character is perched in his or her own context . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Bears and devils pose in the desert in striking contrast . These photos highlight the uniqueness of Andean culture , which draws influences from Europe , the Inca and more recently , Chinese traditions . There are endless nuances , not always perceived by the naked eye . "  It is a very special festival . When you see the bears , you see them participating in the different roles , blending in with the  the devils  , " Figueroa said . "  And sometimes , you see them as a central figure in a festival of their own . It is amazing , a tradition brought by the Chinese near Peru . " Figueroa , who befriended many of the musicians and dancers , said it was important to take part in the festival in order to understand its meaning to the community . "  I had to understand the hierarchy and protocols of each group , " he said . "  As a photographer , it is important to create the conditions for things to happen . You can have it all planned and set up in order for things to naturally take place . " Figueroa said the desert festivals have a deeper role in a region that struggles with social problems such as drug trafficking and poverty . It is the glue that binds families , and young people heavily invest their time and money to make their costumes and parade with pride . The festivals "  are a form of social protection , " Figueroa said . "  I felt the presence of love ... their love and effort in communicating with their divinity and holding together as communities . " Andres Figueroa is a Chilean photographer . You can follow him on Facebook .	Photographer Andres Figueroa spent a week in one of the driest places on Earth He took portraits of Chileans who dress up in costume for popular religious festivals
CNN  -- From a country which brought the world brands like Sony and Toyota , there 's another name that 's crept quietly to global prominence . Hello Kitty , the moon-faced cat with a bow in her hair and no mouth . Shintaro Tsuji , CEO of Sanrio , famous for its Hello Kitty brand , speaks in The Boardroom . She 's one of 450 characters developed by Japan 's Sanrio Group , but she 's by far most popular -- the embodiment of what 's known in Japan as Kawaii , or the culture of cute . Her image adorns some 50,000 objects , from cute , of course , to downright crazy . But there 's nothing cute about the numbers . Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio 's billion dollar annual turnover . Her creator and founder of Sanrio is the effervescent 79-year-old Shintaro Tsuji . He told The Boardroom 's Andrew Stevens what he thinks is the marketing secret behind a cultural icon . Tsuji : Selling something which people want to buy is one of the ways of doing business . But I thought , goods that I want are also something other people want . So we wanted to make goods which people want to send to somebody else as a gift . The idea is that goods are for social communication purposes and that has been accepted worldwide . In addition , to give Hello Kitty goods as a present is very thoughtful . Our three concepts of friendship , cuteness and thoughtfulness have been reaching out to people . It conveys the importance of being friendly . Such gestures are necessary for the Japanese nation . You care about other people by sending some gifts . Those concepts have been accepted worldwide . Stevens : My first question to you is Sanrio has developed something like 450 characters . Why it is Hello Kitty has stood out so much more than the others ? What is the secret of its success ? Tsuji : At first we were using characters which were created by outsiders , such as cartoonists or artists , but in this case we had to pay the royalty . So we decided to create our own characters . We hired many artists and asked them to create various characters . According to our own research , the most popular animal character was a dog then a white cat and the third one was a bear . Snoopy already existed as a dog character -- that 's why we went for the second most popular character . We asked the artists to design a character based on a white cat . Stevens : Let me just ask you a question about your life , growing up . Reading your autobiography , you lost your mother when you were 13 years old . You went to live with your auntie . And you describe your life ; your childhood , has been a quite lonely . How do you think that has shaped you in your business life ? Tsuji : I felt that the most important thing in your life is to have someone whom you can open up your heart to and talk about anything ; to have many friends whom you can talk with your heart is the most blessed thing in your life . Then I asked myself how can you make friends -- in what way people can make a friend with those people . That is not just to avoid behaving , which makes people uncomfortable . But do something , which makes people happy . In this way people can make friends . For example , when people are ill , you can say something to them , or when people did something for you , you say thank you to them . For those kinds of occasions , you send a small present rather than an expensive gift . It is important to show your appreciation since you are able to make good friends in this way . This idea has formed as a business . As a result , Hello Kitty was created . Hello Kitty has become known among everybody and it means that people are becoming friends . I am pleased with this phenomenon . Stevens : What , in your business career , is the most important lesson you think you 've learnt ? Tsuji : A good company means that , first of all , its sale increases each year and secondly it makes profits each year . This is what people call a quality company . But this is not my main concern . Obviously , a company should n't lose money . A company can not contribute to a society easily . But for me , it is important to establish a company , which has a good reputation . Stevens : Much easier said than done , how do you remain true to your original ideas , though , because there are so many pressures from shareholders among other people to make those profits ? Tsuji : The company shareholders actually say "  Make more profits or dividends . " But what I always say to them at the general assembly is that the shareholder should be someone who truly values my company and is proud of having my company 's share . According to newspapers , there are companies which make a profit by polluting the environment or breaking laws . But this is not acceptable by our standard . I bet the company staffs want to have an increase in the wages . But I want my staffs to be proud of themselves , in particular , when their children ask them where they are working . In my view , that is very important . Stevens : What advice would you give to someone starting out their own company in 21st century ? Tsuji : It is not only about making profits or establishing a huge corporation . A bigger country does n't mean a better country . Having a larger military capacity does n't mean a better thing . It will be ideal to establish a company which is a value to the world . It 's not just about the money . So I would say "  How about creating companies which people appreciate ? " E-mail to a friend	Shintaro Tsuji , CEO of Sanrio speaks to Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom Sanrio 's most famous character is Hello Kitty , a moon-faced cat Hello Kitty is responsible for more than half of Sanrio 's billion dollar turnover
CNN  Huge campaign rallies , posters plastered across the country , and expensive advertising and social media strategies -- Nigeria 's two main presidential candidates are fighting for voters across all mediums , except one : There will be no live presidential debates in this election . But on Wednesday evening , many Nigerians got the closest to seeing their two main choices fight it out over the airwaves . Incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan addressed the country by one of his irregular "  media chats " broadcast on NTA  the National Television Authority  , and his challenger Muhammadu Buhari spoke to Christine Amanpour on CNN . "  In six weeks , serious advances will be made but I 'm not saying we will wipe out Boko Haram , " said President Jonathan when asked a question about one of the most pressing issues for many Nigerians -- national security . In recent months , the Islamic militant group Boko Haram has made significant territorial gains in northeast Nigeria , but a recent offensive by Nigeria and neighboring countries , Chad and Niger , hopes to roll back these advances . However , on Amanpour , the opposition candidate Buhari dismissed such claims and blamed the government for repeated military setbacks : "  The misappropriation of resources provided by the government for weapons means the Nigerian military is unable to beat Boko Haram . " Nigeria 's upcoming election is set to be the closest since the country returned to democracy in 1999 . The major issues many Nigerians want addressed include : security , the economy , corruption and electricity . There are also significant concerns about the run-up and conduct of the elections themselves . Voting day was postponed after the Nigerian military said they could not provide security for the elections due to the ongoing offensive against Boko Haram in the north . The U.S. Secretary of State , John Kerry , released a statement saying he was "  deeply disappointed " by any "  political interference " by the military , and Buhari 's opposition party has called the postponement a "  setback for democracy . " President Jonathan insisted the delay was not a "  big deal " during his media chat , but made clear what is at stake in this election : "  If the Electoral Commission conducts this election poorly , it 's on my head . "	Nigeria 's presidential candidates fight for voters on all media -- except live presidential debates Major issues many Nigerians want addressed include : security , the economy , corruption and electricity Opposition candidate Muhammadu Buhari blames government for military setbacks against Boko Haram
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A rush-hour collision Monday between two Metro trains north of downtown Washington , D.C. , killed at least six people and injured scores , Mayor Adrian Fenty said . One train was stationary when the crash happened , according to Metro General Manager John Catoe . He called it the deadliest crash in the history of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority , known as Metro . One of the dead was the female operator of one of the trains , Metro officials said . "  The scene is as horrific as you can imagine , " Fenty said in a news conference . "  One car was almost squeezed completely together . " Seventy-six people were treated for injuries , including two with life-threatening injuries , said Chief Dennis Rubin of Washington 's Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department . Two of the injured were emergency responders , Rubin said . See location of crash " The crash happened just before 5 p.m. on an above-ground track on the Red Line in the District of Columbia near the border with Takoma Park , Maryland . Both trains were on the same track , and one of them was stationary when the crash happened , said John Catoe , Metro general manager . Watch woman say she , fellow passengers "  went flying " " Video footage of the scene showed two cars of one train lying atop the cars of the other train . Emergency personnel carried injured passengers , some on stretchers , from the wreckage . Watch injured passengers limp from the scene " "  Metro officials do not know the cause of the collision and are not likely to know the cause for several days as the investigation unfolds , " a Metro statement said . Fire department personnel cut through the trains to help people from the wreckage , officials said at a press briefing . Some three hours after the accident , fire department sources said rescue operations had ceased , with ongoing work focusing on recovery . See pictures of crash site " President Obama issued a statement saying he and his wife Michelle were "  saddened by the terrible accident , " and thanking the first responders to the scene "  who arrived immediately to save lives . " A survivor , Jodie Wickett , described feeling a bump on the track , and then being flung forward when the train suddenly halted a few seconds later . She said she hit her head , but managed to get out and go to where the collision occurred a few cars up , where one subway car lay atop another . "  There was debris , and people pinned under in-between the two cars , " Wickett said . "  We were just trying to get them out and help them as much as possible , pulling back the metal . " People were badly injured , she said . "  Ones that could speak were calling back as we called out to them . " One car was "  about 75 percent compressed , " and recovery workers are n't sure if any more bodies are inside , Fenty told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Monday night . "  We just have n't been able to cut through it to see if there 's bodies in there , " Fenty said . A certified nursing assistant who was on one of the trains told CNN affiliate WUSA she was trying to help those in severe condition after the crash , including a lady who appeared to be in her 20s . "  She is very , very torn in her legs -- the muscles and everything are torn , ripped through . She had metal pieces in her face , " said the nursing assistant , who said her name was Jeanie . Other witnesses described seeing more blood than they had seen before . Tom Baker , who was in the train that hit the stationary train , told WUSA that after the collision , he looked toward the front of the car , and when the smoke cleared , "  all you could see was sky . " Jasmine Gars , who also was on the moving train , told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that the collision "  was like nothing I 've ever felt before . " "  It was like we hit a concrete wall , " Gars said . "  Almost immediately I fell off my seat . Another person -- I do n't know who -- flew off their seat . And the lights went off and smoke started filling the train car . " Four people were taken to Providence Hospital in Washington , including two with back injuries , one with a hip injury and one complaining of dizziness from hitting her head , hospital officials said . Washington Hospital Center reported seven patients from the crash with injuries ranging from serious to minor , while Howard University Hospital reported three and Suburban Hospital in Maryland reported two . Groups of people wearing green plastic ribbons to show they had been checked by paramedics left the scene about 90 minutes after the crash . Some were crying , and a woman with her arm in a sling who gave her name as Tijuana described the crash as "  an earthquake . " A National Transportation Safety Board team arrived to investigate the crash , assisted by the FBI Evidence Response Team , according to NTSB board member Deborah Hersman , who said she walked the tracks by the wreckage . "  I can tell you it is a scene of real devastation down there , " she said . Hersman said both trains contained six cars . One train struck the other train from the rear and and its "  first car overrode the last car of the other train in an accordion fashion , " she said . She said it was n't clear if the trains involved in the accident carried devices that recorded speed and other data . At least two FBI officials were at the scene , and the FBI confirmed it was assisting as part of the National Capital Response Squad . Amy Kudwa of the Department of Homeland Security said "  at this early stage , " there was no indication of anything other than an accidental collision . It was the second Metro crash to involve fatalities in the 33-year history of the transit authority . In January 1982 , a derailment killed three people . The only other collision between Metro trains occurred in 2004 . "  We are extremely saddened that there are fatalities as a result of this accident , which has touched our Metro family , " Catoe said in a statement . "  Our safety officials are investigating , and will continue to investigate until we determine why this happened and what must be done to ensure it never happens again . "	One train was stationary when crash happened , Metro official says 76 people treated for injuries , fire chief says Two Metro trains collide north of downtown Washington Crash happened just before 5 p.m. on above-ground track
Washington  CNN  -- The question of same-sex marriage went before the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday in the first of two oral arguments this week on separate appeals . The opening public session was devoted to a California ban approved by voters . In a swirl of analysis after the event , the question was whether the justices would issue a sweeping decision this year on whether states can say who can or ca n't get married . Or would they leave the current patchwork of state laws in place , choosing to let state legislatures and courts sort it all out ? Here are five things we learned from arguments in this case . 1 . Buyer 's remorse Many of the nine justices wondered why they were deciding whether states can or should ban same sex marriage . Opponents of Proposition 8 , the voter-approved measure prohibiting the practice , want the court to say that gay and lesbian couples have an "  equal protection " right to wed. . That is the constitutional issue the court agreed to decide when it accepted an appeal from the referendum 's supporters . But a cautious court seemed to pull back in the 80-minute public session . Justices appear hesitant as they hear arguments "  The problem with the case is that you 're really asking , particularly because of the sociological evidence you cite , for us to go into uncharted waters , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy , viewed by many as the one to watch on the closely divided court . "  I just wonder if the case was properly granted " for review . The court could easily say private citizens who put the measure before the voters in 2008 do not have "  standing " or jurisdiction to now appeal the case . That would hand gay rights supporters a narrow victory , confined only to California . It would foreclose a broader ruling that might apply to all 50 states , or even those nine states like California that have civil union laws , that stop just short of marriage for homosexual couples . 2 . Kennedy 's control If there was any doubt , Tuesday arguments showed this is Kennedy 's court . The 76-year-old jurist is likely to be the controlling or "  swing " vote for however the court decides the tricky issues . Four more liberal justices appeared at least open to the idea that same-sex marriage should be allowed in California . Three more conservative justices seemed to take a more "  traditional " view : that marriage is between one man and one woman . Justice Clarence Thomas , who does not speak at oral arguments , seems likely to agree . That leaves the moderate-conservative Kennedy possibly in the middle and perhaps ready to offer a more nuanced , compromise view . The arguments from competing lawyers appeared to be especially targeted at Kennedy 's concerns . Those who have worked with him have said he often agonizes openly in tough , hot-button cases . Deciding these issues for him is not an easy intellectual exercise . That uncertainly was expressed in one remark on Tuesday during arguments when he summarized the competing legal positions and perhaps his own internal dilemma . Key questions answered "  I think there 's substance to the point that sociological information is new " on the effect of same-sex marriage , he said . "  We have five years of information to weigh against 2,000 years of history or more . On the other hand , there is an immediate legal injury ... and that 's the voice of these children . There are some 40,000 children in California , according to  a brief in the case in opposition to Proposition 8  , that live with same-sex parents . And they want their parents to have full recognition and full status . The voice of those children is important in this case , do n't you think ? " 3 . Scalia being Scalia A good Supreme Court argument would not be complete if there was not some rousing rhetoric from the senior associate justice . Antonin Scalia did not disappoint , and he clearly was not buying the argument same-sex marriage was a constitutional right . Consider this exchange where Scalia , the father of nine and grandfather of three dozen more , questioned his old friend Theodore Olson , the attorney opposing Proposition 8 . "  I 'm curious , when did it become unconstitutional to exclude homosexual couples from marriage ? " he asked . "  1791 ? 1868 , when the Fourteenth Amendment was adopted ? " Olson : "  When did it become unconstitutional to prohibit interracial marriages ? " which the court overturned in 1967 . Scalia : "  Do n't give me a question to my question . " That brought laughter to the courtroom . Liberal blogs had a field day with his remarks , openly questioning whether Scalia could give fair-minded consideration of the views expressed by gay rights supporters . Five things to watch 4 . Subdued liberals The two newest justices , Barack Obama appointees Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan , have shown to be no-nonsense , aggressive questioners . They questioned both sides in the argument , but neither matched the rhetorical firepower of Scalia or Chief Justice John Roberts . Kagan and Scalia got into a debate over an argument made by "  traditional " marriage supporters -- that it promotes "  socially responsible " procreation among a married man and woman . Scalia suggested there was considerable disagreement over the effects on children of single-sex adoption . Kagan : "  Suppose a state said ` because we think that the focus of marriage really should be on procreation , we are not going to give marriage licenses anymore to any couple where both people are over the age of 55 . ' Would that be constitutional ? " Charles Cooper , attorney supporting Proposition 8 : "  No , your honor , it would not be constitutional . " Kagan : "  Because that 's the same state interest , I would think , you know . If you are over the age of 55 , you do n't help us serve the government 's interest in regulating procreation through marriage . So why is that different " than denying homosexuals from marrying ? Kagan : "  I can just assure you , if both the woman and the man are over the age of 55 , there are not a lot of children coming out of that marriage . " Scalia , matching humor with humor : "  I suppose we could have a questionnaire at the marriage desk when people come in to get the marriage -- you know , Are you fertile , or are you not fertile ? " Laughter in the courtroom . "  I suspect this court would hold that to be an unconstitutional invasion of privacy , do n't you think ? " Find out which states match your values with CNN 's LGBT rights calculator Kagan 's questioning was sharp and focused and put the lawyer on the spot . But it was delivered in a methodical , even low-key fashion . She wanted an answer but was not especially eager to score points with the audience or the public at large . Contrast that with Scalia , who seems to gleefully play to the crowd . He topped Kagan 's funny remark with another of his own , determined it seemed to get the last laugh . Among the justices themselves , being either an aggressive questioner or a thoughtful , more subdued questioner does not earn you points either way when it comes to voting on the merits . Each has a personal style . But public perception does count , and many progressive legal activists have lamented the fact that none of the four more liberal justices , who include Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer , have the personality or inclination to be a swashbuckler in public court sessions -- giving a full-throated voice to their views . 5 . Courtroom flavor The Supreme Court has a distinct aura when big cases are argued . The audience of several hundred spectators is juiced , the justices seem more energetic and engaged in their questioning . That was true on Tuesday . Celebrities like actor/director Rob Reiner  an original legal opponent of Proposition 8  added to the flavor . The competing rallies outside the court , and the several hundred people waiting in line in the cold for a precious court seat , completed the drama . More arguments are scheduled for Wednesday on a challenge to a federal law known as the Defense of Marriage Act . That 1996 legislation denies a range of financial and other benefits to legally married same-sex couples . After that , the court will quiet down once more . The justices will sit down this week in private session -- just the nine of them -- and secretly vote at least preliminarily on these cases . Opinion-writing will be assigned , and then the task of crafting a ruling acceptable to a majority will commence . The outcome will probably not be known until late June . By the numbers : Same-sex marriage	Supreme Court heard first of two arguments this week on same-sex marriage Court could rule broadly on constitutional issues or let states and lower courts sort it out Justices seemed cautious about the issue and the specific case before them : the California ban Justice Anthony Kennedy could emerge as the swing vote in any narrow decision
Washington  CNN  -- If you bought gas , you paid a tax . If you drove on a toll road , you paid a fee . And if you got a speeding ticket , you paid a penalty . No matter what , government still gets your money . But the differences between the three can mean the difference between broad public support and strong public opposition . In the election year battle over which candidate can best stabilize the economy , the issue of taxes is all about messaging . "  Taxes are harder to be perceived in a popular way even though taxes are largely doing the same thing -LSB- as fees and penalties -RSB- , " said George Yin , a University of Virginia law professor and former counsel for the Senate Finance Committee . President Barack Obama recently announced that he wants to extend the Bush tax cuts only for those families making less than $ 250,000 . Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney says that in doing so , Obama will raise taxes on small businesses and stifle economic growth . Both political parties have tiptoed around the issue of extending payroll tax cuts that expire at the end of the year . Should they be allowed to expire , someone making around $ 100,000 would pay about $ 183 more a month in taxes . It 's the word "  taxes " that strikes some voters as cringe-worthy . Obama was aware of that when he originally denied the individual mandate in the Affordable Care Act was a tax . Republicans who were opposed to "  Obamacare " quickly pointed out that the U.S. Supreme Court called the individual mandate a tax . "  It was not at all surprising that politicians would present it that way . Even when the president was pressed a number of times he said , ` No , no , no , it 's a fee . It 's not a tax , ' " Yin said . In an era when local governments and states are loathe to utter the "  t-word " but need to raise revenue , careful phrasing can make all the difference . "  If you think you need to raise revenue , you 've got to find a different way to call them other than calling them taxes , " said former Rep. Bill Frenzel , R-Minnesota , who now serves as a guest scholar on economic studies at the Brookings Institute . With 31 states facing budget shortfalls for next year , according to a study from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , efforts to raise money from fees rather than taxes can be an attractive option . Take Texas , for example . The Lone Star State looked to fees to shore up needed budget dollars for the almost $ 27 billion , 27 % budget shortfall , says Democratic State Rep. Mike Villarreal , who also serves on the House Ways and Means and Appropriations committees . Villarreal says political pressure , in part from special interest groups keeping score of raised taxes , has created a climate in Texas where politicians are afraid to talk about it . "  Right now with a governor who says he will veto any legislation that is a tax , it leaves little room for any legislator , even if they think it 's the right thing to do , to go ahead and file a tax bill , " he said . Texas enacted $ 58.9 million in new fees and penalties while only raising $ 10.2 million in new taxes for 2012 . The list of targeted fees and penalties collects $ 1.3 million from bingo operators , $ 1 million from processing child support payments , and $ 4.4 million for failure to remit taxes or fees . The Texas governor 's office says that since fees are targeted , they lessen the burden on the larger tax base . "  Fees are n't necessarily across the board , " Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's spokeswoman Lucy Nashed said , adding that the more money the government is able to keep in Texans ' pockets , the better off Texas is economically . "  I think that the majority of Texas voters agree that they want to keep taxes low , " Nashed said . Why all the political theater over taxes versus fees ? Yin says it 's because public support for fees and penalties is higher than it is for taxes . That 's because people want to know where their money is going . They also do n't trust politicians . "  The fee or the penalty relates to a specific activity , " Yin said , where as taxes go into the larger treasury to be used at the government 's discretion . For instance , when paying a toll on a toll road , the driver gets to travel on a better or more convenient route because their money goes back into the road 's upkeep , political experts say . When you get a speeding ticket , the penalty is tied to the action . But with the gas tax , money is raised on every gallon purchased . That money is called a tax and not a fee since it is often poured back into transportation infrastructure . "  Fees tend to be a little more opaque to the voter , " and therefore are an easier sell , said Eileen Norcross , a senior research fellow at George Mason 's Mercatus Center , a think tank dedicated to market-oriented ideas It 's not all that different than shopping for groceries . "  We all understand that when we buy something , we have to pay for something . As long as the charge is reasonable , people are very accepting of that , I think . That 's the way society works , " Yin said . The polls agree . It 's not that Americans wo n't pay or dislike paying taxes . Rather , they distrust government to spend their money wisely , Frenzel said . A CNN analysis of Gallup and ABC/Washington Post polls show that in the last quarter century , Americans believe 10 more cents of every dollar they pay to the government in taxes is wasted -- up from $ 0.43 in 1985 to $ 0.53 in 2010 . "  If you ask the question as many pollsters have over time , ` what bothers you more whether it 's how much I pay or how my tax dollars are spent , ' the answer is how my tax dollars are spent , " said Karlyn Bowman , a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute who compiles and analyzes polling data . But the distrust does n't end there . Since then , voters have consistently said they do n't trust presidential pledges on taxes . "  Not only do n't they trust the government to spend money wisely , they have that horrible feeling about the word tax that makes it anathema to everything else , " Frenzel said . President George H. W. Bush is famous for promising in his 1988 presidential bid , "  Read my lips ; no new taxes . " But polls showed that in 1992 when he ran , and subsequently lost his re-election campaign , polls showed voters did n't believe him . A 1992 NBC/WSJ poll asked , "  If a presidential candidate took a pledge not to raise taxes if elected , would you or would you not believe him ? " Eighty-six percent said no . Bush , of course , raised taxes . But Villarreal says distrust does n't have to be the name of the game . "  I think we need to have a more honest conversation on how these public assets are built and maintained ... but you have to do it in conjunction with what you are going to spend the money on , " Villarreal said .	Penalty , fee or tax , its all money to the government Taxes are all about messaging , political experts say It can be easier to sell revenue-raisers as penalties or fees than as taxes Americans distrust politicians to handle their tax dollars wisely more than they did in 1985
CNN  -- Manchester United were named the world 's most valuable football club for the sixth year in a row in Forbes magazine 's annual table . The English Premier League champions , owned by the American Glazer family , are valued at $ 1.84 billion . Record nine-time European champions Real Madrid are second in the list with a value of $ 1.32 billion , with Arsenal third on $ 1.18 billion . Reigning Spanish and European champions Barcelona were fourth , followed by the trio of Bayern Munich , Liverpool and AC Milan , who have 16 European Cups between them . Should San Kroenke buy Arsenal ? Forbes tallied income from revenue streams including broadcast deals , sponsorship and ticket sales . Overall , the top 20 clubs saw their average value decline to $ 632 million from $ 691 million , with 15 teams seeing their values decline . Juventus and Olympic Marseille had the two biggest increases in value - each gaining 9 % on the previous year . United , who claim to have 333 million followers worldwide , will begin a new sponsorship deal with American insurance giants Aon Corporation next season that will bring in $ 34 million a year over four years , 50 % more than its current deal with AIG . "  The club has really established itself as one of the top brands in world sport , " Peter Schwartz , a business sports writer for Forbes , said in a statement . "  New kit deals and great marketing has seen them maintain their status despite all the problems of the global recession . " Despite their success on and off the field , a wealthy group of United fans , known as the Red Knights , are putting together a bid to buy out the Glazers , who have loaded $ 839 million of debt onto the club . FORBES ' TOP TEN FOOTBALL TEAMS BY VALUE  $ MILLION 1 . Manchester United 1,835 2 . Real Madrid 1,323 3 . Arsenal 1,181 4 . Barcelona 1,000 5 . Bayern Munich 990 6 . Liverpool 822 7 . AC Milan 800 8 . Juventus 656 9 . Chelsea 646 10 . Inter Milan 413	Manchester United named world 's most valuable club by Forbes for sixth straight year Real Madrid come second on list , with Arsenal third and Barcelona fourth Top 20 clubs see their average value decline to $ 632 million from $ 691 million
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Shares in Asia slumped on Monday on fears the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il could lead to instability on the divided Korean peninsular . South Korea 's Kospi Index fell 4.9 % to 1,750.60 in mid-morning trading in Seoul before climbing slightly to 1,766,82 to be 4 % off by midday . Key stocks tumbled , with Samsung Electronics , the largest stock on the Kospi , falling 3.5 % and LG Display , the world 's second largest panel maker , down 7.2 % in early trading . Already battered by fears that possible credit downgrades in European countries could derail a solution to the euro zone debt crisis , Asian markets fell across the board . Enigmatic North Korean leader Kim Jong Il dies at the age of 69 At the open , Japan 's Nikkei 225 index was down 1.1 % at 8,304.47 , Hong Kong 's Hang Seng slid 2.5 % t to 17,833.42 and the Shanghai Composite Index fell 2.6 % to 2,167.68 . June Park , senior economist at Meritz Securities , told Reuters.com the death of Kim Jong Il had rattled investor confidence . "  This is definitely negative factor for markets with no detailed information on his death . It will drive the stock markets lower and the Korean won to depreciate sharply as geopolitical risks are rising and foreign investors could withdraw money out of South Korea , " she said . With South Korea 's military on "  high alert " and South Korea 's President Lee Myun Bak convening a national security council meeting , Markets in Taiwan , the prospect of further instability caused by succession problems in North Korea also weighed on markets across the region . Markets in Taiwan , Singapore , Australia , New Zealand and Indonesia also fell . Chung Young-Tae of the Korea Institute of National Unification was quoted by Reuters.com as saying that while the death was not unexpected , what happens next will be "  very important . " While Kim 's son , Kim Jong Un , is widely believed to have been groomed as a successor , no official announcement has been made . "  Kim Jong-un is not yet the official heir , but the regime will move in the direction of Kim Jong-un taking center stage , " he said . "  There is a big possibility that a power struggle may happen . "  It 's likely the military will support Kim Jong-un , " he added .	Death of North Korean leader rattles markets across the region South Korea 's Kospi index slides almost 5 % at the open Markets from Australia to Japan also sink on the news Concerns grow over succession struggle in North Korea
Gunmen opened fire at buses carrying students and soccer players in southern Mexico . It 's been more than a week since that violent night of shootouts in Iguala , Mexico . Authorities say three students were among six people killed in the September 26 violence , and 43 students remain missing . Where are they ? Authorities and witnesses fear they may be close to unraveling the mystery . Along a dirt road in a remote part of Mexico 's Guerrero state , authorities turned up unmarked graves full of human remains on Saturday . Investigators found the remains of at least 28 people inside the graves , Guerrero State Attorney General Iaky Blanco Cabrera told reporters Sunday . The bodies were covered in gasoline and burned before they were buried , he said , and it could take between two weeks and two months to identify them . A tip from suspects detained after the shootouts led them to the grave sites , authorities said . The missing students , who were studying to become school teachers at Escuela Normal Rural de Ayotzinapa , were mostly young men in their 20s , according to a website state government officials have set up to help in the search . "  Help us find them ! " the website says , offering a reward of 1 million pesos  $ 74,000  for information leading to the missing students . State officials , who 've faced sharp criticism over the students ' disappearance , released a statement Sunday detailing their investigative efforts . So far more than 30 people have been detained , including 22 local police officers . The police have denied attacking anyone , according to a government statement on their detention . But protesters from the school have said officials are n't doing enough . "  NOW IT IS MORE DANGEROUS TO BE A STUDENT THAN A CRIMINAL , " one post on a Facebook page dedicated to the school said . Witnesses have accused police of orchestrating and participating in the shootings . "  The goal of the police was to kill any person that was inside the perimeter they had , " one student from the school told CNN en Espaol . Guerrero state Gov. Angel Aguirre has defended his government 's response and called for calm in the face of protests . "  To the family and friends of those who were savagely massacred , I offer all my solidarity and support , " he said in a series of Twitter post Saturday . "  It would be highly condemnable , those who want to take advantage or politically profit from a situation like the one that today overwhelms and saddens us . " A bus carrying members of the third division Chilpancingo Hornets soccer club was also among those ambushed in what authorities described as three attacks on September 26 . A 15-year-old player on the team was killed . Omar Sanchez , one of his teammates , described the ambush to CNN en Espaol . "  We were just watching a movie and we saw the bullets come in and then it was like we were going off a cliff and the bus tipped over . And it was then that they started firing at us with machine guns , " he said . "  It sounded so ugly , the gunshots and my teammates screaming , ` Help , leave us alone , we are injured . ' A teacher said , ` you have already blinded me , please , we are the team from Chilpancingo . " The armed men said they were n't going anywhere , ordering the team to open the door . "  Now you are going to be taken , we are going to kill all of you , " the gunmen said , according to Sanchez . When the teacher refused to open the door , Sanchez said , the men opened fire again . The case has left many troubling questions unanswered . Key among them : Who gave the orders to open fire , and what was their motive ? State prosecutors first said last week that the violence started after the college students commandeered three buses , and city police opened fire . Since then , evidence has tied the Guerreros Unidos criminal group , and police connected with them , to the shooting and the students ' disappearance , Blanco told reporters Saturday . In 2013 : 54 bodies found in mass graves in Mexico For years Guerrero state , which includes Iguala and the well-known resort city of Acapulco , has ranked among the Mexican states with the highest homicide rates , a crime statistic regularly used by officials and analysts when discussing the overall security situation . Figures released by Mexico 's National Statistics and Geography Institute last year painted a grim picture of kidnapping throughout the country . A survey revealed that there were more than 105,000 kidnappings nationwide in 2012 , the institute said , but only about 1,300 of them were reported to authorities .	The remains of at least 28 people were inside mass graves , an official says Authorities found the near area where dozens went missing in southern Mexico 43 students studying to be school teachers disappeared after a series of shootouts Authorities offer a reward of 1 million pesos for information to find them
Washington  CNN  -- Bristol Palin describes being dragged through the grass and called a series of obscenities during a massive brawl last month in recordings of Anchorage police interviews that CNN obtained through a public records request . She said she jumped into a fight after "  some old lady " pushed her sister , Willow Palin , because "  oh f *** in ' hell no , no one 's gon na touch my sister . " When she tried to find the woman , though , she said a man who others identified as Korey Klingenmeyer , the owner of the house where the party took place , knocked her down . "  A guy comes out of nowhere and pushes me on the ground , takes me by my feet in my dress -- in my thong dress in front of everybody -- -LSB- and says -RSB- ` Come on you c *** , get the f *** out of here . Come on you s *** , get the f *** out of here , " she said . No charges were filed as a result of the September brawl . 6 must-reads from Palin family brawl police report Other people interviewed by police described the Palins as instigators in a brawl that also reportedly included Track Palin and his father , Todd , fighting several men . They said Bristol Palin punched Klingenmeyer several times before he restrained her . Klingenmeyer said he 'd approached Todd Palin to say that "  your daughter 's out of line " and that he should get the situation under control . That did n't happen . "  I told 'em all to get the hell out of here and go home , " he said . He said the altercation with Bristol Palin started after she insisted she was going to beat another woman up . "  I said ` this is my house , we 're not having this , ' " Klingenmeyer said . "  She freakin ' goes , ` I 'll kick your a ** . ' " He said Bristol Palin punched him several times , and then he grabbed her fist , made a motion that is n't described verbally , and then she "  fell down . " Sarah Palin can apparently be heard in the background during some of the interviews . At one point , she complained that her children were being "  made to feel like the bad guys . " She also criticizes Klingenmeyer , saying : "  What would he be doin ' pushin ' girls around , though ? " Matthew McKenna , whose birthday was the reason for the party , told police that people had gotten "  drunk and stupid " -- and that he had video of the altercation , but would n't share it . "  I know everyone here , and it 's just an unfortunate deal , " he said .	Alaska police released recordings of a brawl that included several members of Sarah Palin 's family . Palin 's daughter Bristol describes being dragged across the grass and called names in the recordings . Others who attended the party said she was the instigator .
CNN  Two white specks appearing next to Pluto in the blackness of space may look like faint blips on a screen . Do n't be fooled . The fuzzy images of moons that NASA New Horizons spacecraft are sending back to Earth are a slim crack in a door opening on a vast territory humankind has not seen clearly before . And the door will slowly swing open week by week . Traveling at 1,000,000 miles per day , one of the fastest space vehicles ever made is extending human sight to Pluto and beyond to spy out details the Hubble Space Telescope has n't been able to see . Even at that speed , it took more than nine years to get this close . New Horizons launched in January 2006 . The snaps published this week of Nix and Hydra -- as moons go , both runts the size of large asteroids -- are only a prelude . Starting in April , for the first time ever , we will begin raising the curtain on Pluto 's surface in ever increasing detail . Expect surprises . NASA has likened it to the myths dispelled , when the Mariner 4 spacecraft sent back first images of the surface of Mars in 1965 . Until then , many scientists thought they 'd see water and vegetation on our neighbor . Mariner 4 hit them instead with a vast rocky desert . New Horizons , built and operated by Johns Hopkins University , will make its closest pass in July . Eye popping images will come . The on-board camera is powerful enough to recognize objects the size of buildings on Pluto 's surface . What we will see is such a mystery that NASA does n't speculate much on it . Perhaps the surface will have ice geysers . New Horizons took images of similar spouts as it passed by Jupiter . Maybe Pluto has rings like Saturn , Uranus and Neptune . Multiple other instruments will inspect Pluto 's atmosphere . By approaching Pluto , which NASA classifies as a dwarf planet , New Horizons will also reach a new region of our solar system , which astronomers divide into classes of planet make-up . Earth and its neighbors are rocky , earthy planets . Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune are gas planets . Pluto and its partner Charon , called by some its moon , are covered in ice . But there 's more . Pluto is part of the Kuiper Belt , a collection of rough celestial bodies that orbit around the sun like the asteroid belt , but it 's interminably larger . If the asteroid belt were a thread , the Kuiper Belt would be a strap . It is known for producing comets , such as Halley 's Comet , which orbits the sun about every 75 years . New Horizon could get quiet after passing Pluto , but if NASA approves , in two years , the spacecraft will go to an additional object or two in that belt .	New Horizons satellite sends images of two of Pluto 's moons back to Earth As it approaches Pluto , it 's camera will capture unprecedented images of its surface Pluto is in the Kuiper Belt ; the spacecraft may visit other objects there
Lonely Planet  -- Fashion , food and music all take their cues from the past , so why not a little travel with a vintage twist ? Here 's our down-the-years guide to yesterday 's holidays , with suggestions for how you can get a little taste of more -- or less -- glamorous eras . 1910s As the twentieth century began travel overseas was the preserve of the wealthy and was starting to assume some of the grandeur we associate with this era . It was all possible thanks to boiling water , which became the steam that turned the turbines on steam trains and ships . This was the start of the ocean liner era -- passenger carrying airships were decades away -- with companies competing for speed , size and luxury . The Cunard ship Mauretania , launched in 1907 , held the speed record for crossing the Atlantic for twenty years . Lonely Planet : 7 ways to experiment with travel How to do this today : Cruises are more popular than ever before , but only Cunard 's transatlantic crossings between Southampton and New York preserve the spirit of travelling to get somewhere rather than boarding to eat and drink vast amounts while trying to sneakily sleep with fellow passengers . The Queen Mary 2  diesel driven  is the only vessel sailing a transatlantic schedule each year . Fares start at  # 699 including a flight home from your destination . 1920s Fast forward past the First World War into the decadent 1920s . Whatever people did it involved jazz playing in the background and an elegantly-poised cigarette holder in their hand . The spirit of the age took people to the French Riviera , maybe Nice , Cannes or St Tropez , but certainly to the house of someone rich and famous who would host with G&T s , dips in the deep blue Med and spare barely a thought for the penniless rabble about to get blindsided by the Depression . How to do this today : The south of France remains a magnet for glam travel -- it 's just much cheaper to visit than it used to be . For starters , Nice is something of a budget air hub , serving destinations across Europe , and is also an excellent base for exploring the region . A stroll along the city 's Promenade des Anglais is evocative of another age , no matter where you 're staying . 1930s The giant Zeppelin airship is the iconic image of this decade , and it was these mammoth beasts that carried long-distance airborne traffic throughout the 1930s . The most famous of these , the ill-fated Hindenburg , carried between 50 and 72 passengers . It was 243 meters long -- over three times as long as an Airbus A380 , the largest commercial plane in service . It also took 68 hours to reach Recife , Brazil from Germany . How to do this today : California is one of the few places you 'll find airships today . Airship Ventures offer tours of the San Francisco Bay Area and other parts of California , with flights starting at $ 375 for 45 minutes . 1940s Tourism in many places ground to a halt in the 1940s , but American trains enjoyed boom years before the post-war rise of the automobile . Comfortable , sleekly-liveried services operated high-speed , long-distance services with evocative names like the Pioneer Zephyr and 20th Century Limited . Think shiny cutlery serving fine fare inside equally shiny trains . How to do this today : Some great American rail services still operate . The Empire Builder leaves Chicago 's iconic Union Station each day , bound for Seattle or Portland . The 2200-mile journey takes 46 hours and features cheese and wine tasting along the route . 1950s While for some , the 50s were about the development of a political ideology from the back of a bike in South America or road trips across America ,  think Jack Kerouac 's classic "  On the Road "  , for others they were as glamorous as the days of pre-war hedonism . The Jet Age , ushered in by entry into service of the Brit-built De Havilland Comet in 1952 means travel becomes sleek , fast and fun . How to do this today : Cocktails in Cuba recall the pre-revolutionary island vividly portrayed in The Godfather , Part II . El Floridita in Havana may be a popular spot for a tourist tipple , but you know you 're following in some famous footsteps . Lonely Planet : How not to behave on an airplane 1960s The 60s were the decade that travel changed forever . The advent of mass tourism introduced a generation of northern Europeans to just how quickly the Spanish sun could turn you lobster pink , and forever transformed sleepy fishing villages into brash , in-your-face holiday resorts . Even today , the straw donkey remains an iconic souvenir of this time , and one redolent of stellar tackiness . How to do this today : The digital age ushered in choice and flexibility to a sunshine holiday . Now you can come and sizzle on the costa of your choice via traditional package or budget flight and self-catering apartment . And going is still the only way of securing a straw donkey which , astonishingly , can not be purchased online . 1970s While Mum and Dad were schlepping to the Costa del Sol  or other fashionable costa  , rebellious teenagers dropped out and headed for Kathmandu . Overland . The Hippy Trail was at its zenith in the 1970s , bringing to various parts of the Middle East and Central Asia gaggles of long-haired kaftan-wearing westerners , fugs of smoke and impromptu yoga sessions . How to do this today : Crossing Iran and Pakistan takes a little more planning than it did 40 years ago , and Kabul is not the crossroads it once was . Anyone heading from Istanbul to Nepal will find there is still a Freak Street in Kathmandu , complete with chocolate cake , dreadlocks and all the tie-dye you can handle . 1980s The 80s brought wider horizons for millions of younger travelers as an adventurous few months on the road gained popularity . The European rail pass -- whether InterRail or Eurail -- was at the peak of popularity . This excellent value way to cross the continent did n't just link big cities and idyllic rural branch lines , it also brought together penniless travelers from around the world for a month-long series of rolling parties . Not that anyone even vaguely attractive wanted to talk to you , as you had n't had a wash since Belgrade a fortnight ago . How to do this today : InterRail is still around , and still a great way to explore Europe . In fact , you can combine it with budget flights to avoid back-tracking . The true connoisseur will take the time-honored option of sleeping on the free ferry from Italy to Greece , under the Adriatic stars . 1990s In the early 1990s the world opened up to travelers , with previously hard-to-reach places emerging from decades of isolation . From the Soviet Union to Central America , this was a decade of blazing new trails . And as the decade ended , improved transport and communication links meant more places were accessible as well as safer , and you could reliably phone home to brag about it . How to do this today : The old world continues to meet the new in Hong Kong , which began the 1990s as part of the British Empire and finished it as a Special Autonomous Region of China . The cream teas and Rolls Royces at the Peninsula Hotel are still here but they 've been joined by fast rail links to the rest of China and ranks of new skyscrapers jostling for space on the city 's famous skyline . 2000s How dull flying must have been when we had our bags taken from us with little fuss then receive an assigned seat and a complimentary meal , before arriving at a convenient rather than remote airport for our destination ! And yet , before low-cost carriers swept the globe , this was what came as standard when flying . By the time the decade was out , flag carriers were in retreat for all but long-haul flying and a 60km journey to central Oslo had become part of the fun . How to do this today : Take a weekend break to an obscure destination in eastern Europe . Bydgoszcz , Poland or Plovdiv , Bulgaria both fit the bill . Lonely Planet : Dropping a line : the history of postcards  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Take a trip with a vintage twist to make the most of your holiday Relive the 1930s with an airship ride over the San Francisco Bay Area Hope on the InterRail for a great way to crisscross and explore Europe
CNN  -- Top seed Novak Djokovic suffered a shock semifinal defeat to Fernando Verdasco on Saturday to end his hopes of avenging last year 's loss to Rafael Nadal in the Monte Carlo Masters title match . While Nadal moved a step closer to his sixth successive triumph at the opening event of the European claycourt season in Monaco with a 6-2 6-3 win over fellow Spaniard David Ferrer , world No. 2 Djokovic crashed to a 6-2 6-2 reverse against sixth seed Verdasco . "  I was n't moving well , I was n't feeling well on the court -- it was a bad day , " Djokovic told reporters . Verdasco , who has not beaten his compatriot Nadal in nine encounters , needed little over an hour and a half to overcome the Serbian , who had returned to form this week after a disappointing time in his past two hardcourt events in the United States . "  I want to be the one to break Nadal 's streak , " Verdasco told reporters . "  I tried to use my forehand well against Djokovic and make him really play . This will be my first final in Monte Carlo and I 'm really excited . " Nadal took only 76 minutes to reach his 49th final on the ATP Tour with a comfortable victory against 11th seed Ferrer . His last defeat at the Monte Carlo Country Club came as a 16-year-old against Guillermo Coria in 2003 , and he has lost only six career matches out of 164 on his favored clay surface . Former world No. 1 Nadal has not won a tournament in 11 months after a year wrecked by injuries . But he now has the chance to equal the record of six Monte Carlo titles held by Englishman Reggie Doherty , who triumphed in 1897-99 and 1902-04 . Nadal was happy to make it through to final after falling in the last four in his previous Masters events in Miami and Indian Wells . "  I 'm playing very well , I had a very good match today . The last two games , I was a little bit more nervous than usual because I lost two semifinals in a row , " he told reporters . "  But for the rest , I think I played a very , very complete match . It 's great to start the clay season like this . I 'm playing well and I 'm very happy with my game . "	Fernando Verdasco stuns top seed Novak Djokovic 6-2 6-2 in Monte Carlo semifinals Verdasco will face five-time defending champion Rafael Nadal in Sunday 's final World No. 3 Nadal progresses with 6-2 6-3 win over fellow Spaniard David Ferrer Djokovic was beaten in final last year by Nadal , who has not lost there since 2003
CNN  "  Sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven ; then come , follow me , " Jesus tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables . It was a mantra he invoked repeatedly : the poor were blessed , and it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it was for the well-to-do to enter paradise . Meanwhile , Jesus told his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success and no visible means of support . So how did this wandering band of first-century evangelists support themselves ? Clearly , money was a concern , and not just as an impediment to salvation . In the New Testament , money gets 37 mentions , while "  gold " gets 38 citations , "  silver " merits 20 , and "  copper " four . "  Coin " comes up eight times , and "  purse " and "  denarii " -- the Roman currency -- get half a dozen mentions each for a total of 119 currency referrals . Perhaps the most relevant reference is also one of the most charged passages in the New Testament : As the Gospel of John tells it , six days before Passover , Jesus was in Bethany at the house of his friend Lazarus , whom he had raised from the dead . A woman named Mary takes a jar of costly perfumed oil and anoints the feet of the reclining Jesus . She dries his feet with her hair , an irresistible image for artists and dramatists . Judas Iscariot objected to the act . "  Why was this perfume not sold for three hundred denarii and the money given to the poor ? " Judas asks . Though 300 denarii was the annual wage of a laborer , Jesus told Judas to leave her alone , and foreshadowing his fate , said the anointing would be useful for his burial , and besides , "  you always have the poor with you " -- but Jesus would not always be there . What that passage makes clear is that the Jesus community had a common purse because they needed money to survive . So how much ? "  I imagine the ministry functioned at a subsistence level , " Rabbi Joshua Garroway , a professor of Early Christianity and the Second Commonwealth at Hebrew Union College in Los Angeles . Jesus and his disciples walked , wore what they had , slept outside or in stayed in friends ' homes . They ate what they caught or what others shared . "  I venture to guess that begging and hospitality will have sufficed to meet the basic needs of Jesus and the companions with whom he traveled , " Garroway said . Garroway said that it was possible , even likely , that Jesus and his followers received donations from supporters , and possibly substantial ones from some of the rich people who were drawn to his ministry despite -- or perhaps because of -- his preaching on the perils of wealth . The Gospel of Luke gives us a glimpse of how Jesus ' ministry functioned on a practical level : "  Soon afterwards he went on through cities and villages , proclaiming and bringing the good news of the kingdom of God . The twelve were with him , as well as some women who had been cured of evil spirits and infirmities : Mary , called Magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out , and Joanna , the wife of Herod 's steward Chuza , and Susanna , and many others , who provided for them out of their resources . " So , according to Luke , women whom Jesus had healed in turn provided for him out of their "  resources , " with Mary Magdalene and Joanna capturing our attention -- one by virtue of her husband , and the other , by her stature in the story of Jesus . Joanna was an upper-class woman married to a man who was intelligent and capable enough to manage the complicated household of Herod Antipas , the son of Herod the Great , the violent and ambitious head of Judea . As part of this volatile but powerful household , Joanna would be uniquely positioned to help Jesus with her resources , being both wealthy and having palace connections . She attends to him during his life , and , the Gospels tell us , after his death , as one of the trio of women who go to his tomb and find it empty . With her on that morning is Mary Magdalene , also identified as -- among other things -- a financial supporter of Jesus . Mary likely came from the prosperous town of Magdala , on the Sea of Galilee . As home to a thriving fishing industry , as well as dye and textile works , Mary could well have come from an affluent family -- or have been a successful business woman herself . Mary Magdalene was free to travel the country with Jesus and his disciples , so was unlikely to have a husband and children waiting for her at home , and in "  Finding Jesus " we examine the Gnostic gospel of Mary Magdalene and explore the argument that Jesus was , in fact , her husband . She may have simply been an independent woman with her own resources who found a compelling message , and messenger . Not only was Mary Magdalene one of Jesus ' most devoted followers , who stuck with him all the way from Galilee to Jerusalem , from the ministry to the cross and the tomb , but also she provided for him from her own means , said Mark Goodacre , a professor of New Testament and Christian Origins at Duke University . When the Gospels speak of her "  ministering " to Jesus , they are explaining that she was one of the key figures in Jesus ' everyday mission , Goodacre continues . Along with other women like Joanna and Susanna , she was one of those who made his mission viable . Along with these women , men like Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus , both men of stature and wealth , may have chipped in to help fund Jesus ' ministry . The Gospels reveal that both these men were rich , and supported Jesus -- indeed , it was Joseph who removed Jesus from the cross on Good Friday , anointing his body with the help of Nicodemus , and placing him in the tomb that Joseph had reserved for himself . After the resurrection on that first Easter Sunday , the movement Jesus started grew exponentially , and the church 's relationship to money grew more complicated as the needs became greater . Michael McKinley is co-author , with David Gibson , of "  Finding Jesus : Faith . Fact . Forgery. : Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels . "	Some of Jesus ' most important financial backers were women , historians say . Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus , both men of stature and wealth , chipped in to help fund Jesus ' ministry .
CNN  -- A Canadian Forces crew calmly plucked a terrified crane operator trapped by a smoke-spewing fire in Kingston , Ontario . The Tuesday rescue was captured by television cameras and bystanders and posted to social media . The operator had moved from the cab of his crane to its very tip to escape flames and smoke from a building fire that broke out below him Tuesday , and bystanders captured the rescue in a series of images posted to social media . "  At first he was petrified , he did n't want to let go of the crane , " rescue helicopter commander Capt. David Agnew told CNN affiliate CTV of the crane operator . The helicopter crew arrived to find smoke and flames everywhere and were concerned about the crane collapsing , Agnew told the network . A rescue specialist dropped out of the hovering helicopter on a line , secured the crane operator to himself before the air crew hoisted both back inside to safety . The crane operator suffered only minor injuries , according to CTV . The crane remained standing Wednesday , CBC reported , but engineers are concerned it could fall . A two-block area around the crane remained evacuated , the network said . The fire destroyed a student residence hall being built at Queens University , CBC reported .	Canadian Forces helicopter rescues crane operator trapped by fire The fire Monday destroyed a building in Kingston , Ontario , CBC reports The crane operator escaped with only minor injuries , the network says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Gertrude Baines , a 114-year-old California resident , will likely be crowned the world 's oldest woman , according to the organization that keeps track of such honors . Gertrude Baines told CNN two years ago that she has taken good care of herself , "  the way  God  wanted me to . " The previous oldest woman was Maria de Jesus , who died this week in Portugal at age 115 , Guinness World Records said . Baines -- born to former slaves in a small town south of Atlanta , Georgia , in 1894 -- now lives in a Los Angeles nursing home . Baines appeared cheerful and talkative when the Los Angeles Times interviewed her in November as she cast her vote for Barack Obama for president , whom she said she supported because "  he 's for the colored people . " "  I 'm glad we 're getting a colored man in there , " she said . Baines apparently prefers using the older term for her race . She was well into her 70s when "  African-American " became the common reference in the United States . Watch Baines speak to CNN She told the Times she spends most of her time "  doing nothing but eating and sleeping . " When CNN interviewed Baines two years ago , she was asked to explain why she thought she has lived so long . "  God . Ask him . I took good care of myself , the way he wanted me to , " Baines said . Her only child , a daughter , died of typhoid fever at age 18 . Much of her long life was lived in Ohio , where she worked as a "  house mom " at a state university . She eventually divorced and traveled to Los Angeles , where she retired . Baines will not officially be given the title until after Guinness World Records completes an investigation , the organization said . "  Maria was crowned the world 's Oldest Living Woman by Guinness World Records on 28 December upon the death of Edna Parker , " the group said . Parker -- an American -- was 115 years , 220 days old when she died November 26 , 2008 , in an Indiana nursing home , it said .	Gertrude Baines , 114 , likely to be named world 's oldest woman Follows death of 115-year-old Maria de Jesus in Portugal this week Baines was born to former slaves near Atlanta , Georgia , in 1894
CNN  -- I have a confession : I love Uber . And yes , I know the ride-sharing app has been under fire from critics for a host of reasons lately , most of them completely valid . This week , in just the latest high-profile incident , an Uber driver in New Delhi , India , was accused of raping a passenger who used the app to call a ride . In other instances , the $ 40 billion "  start-up " has been accused of considering smear campaigns against its journalist critics , shaming women who accuse its drivers of sexism or assault , launching a blatantly sexist ad campaign that was reported to involve 20-minute free rides with attractive women in France , and , according to a CNN report , ordering thousands of rides from its competitor , Lyft , and then canceling them , in apparent attempt to hurt Lyft 's business . But , confession : On Sunday , I took Uber to the airport in Atlanta . When I arrived in New York , I cursed the line of yellow taxis . Uber is faster , friendlier and cleaner . Above all : It 's more convenient . And that , I 've realized , is what drives morality in the digital age : convenience . If it 's convenient to look past a company 's questionable ethics , to avoid clicking those bad-story links in our Facebook feeds , then we do it . Because it 's easy , and because publicly shaming companies , much less boycotting them , seems self-righteous and un-American in this age of runaway capitalism and gross inequality . That 's not the way it should be , but it 's happened . This is n't just about Uber . It 's about Facebook , Google , Spotify -- I am listening to Spotify as I write this . And , yes , read about how the Swedish music-streaming service pays musicians basically nothing -- $ 0.007 per stream , according to a BBC report -- for their art . I used Google to find the aforementioned BBC article , and I wish that company did n't know everything about my digital life  read : life  , but its services are so freaking convenient I ca n't quit them . This focus on convenience -- and a lacking public discussion about the moral and economic consequences of certain technological advances or , more to the point , the companies that are making billions by pushing forward those advances -- gives the tech sector incredible power over consumers that , to me , seems unprecedented . Meanwhile , many tech companies are providing services equivalent to those that , in another era , would have been managed or at least regulated by the government . Google is the new library , Uber the bus , Spotify the radio . They provide services we almost need to function in the modern world , but they have few competitors and come under little scrutiny from regulators and consumer watchdogs . So maybe it 's time for tech consumers  read : me , you , everyone  to take more responsibility for our choices . Since I 'm clearly deficient at making these decisions for myself , I turned for advice to Sarah Lacy , founder of the website PandoDaily and a vocal Uber critic . "  Tech companies like to say they have to be responsible citizens or people will vote with their feet . But it does n't happen , " she wrote in an e-mail that was delivered to me with the help of both Google and Microsoft . "  Despite three weeks of horrific scandals not a single person responsible has ever been fired from the company . There is no reason to think that if something even worse happens , the company will change or act in any way . And no reason to expect the board and investors will force them to . That scares me . Because this is escalating behavior and Uber has n't yet found a line it ca n't cross . " No line it ca n't cross . These points are troubling , and they 're not unlike those about clothing companies that do business in Bangladesh ; or hotel chains owned by anti-gay sultanates . But those are easier to boycott . We 're more dependent on tech . Uber should clean up its act -- improving its process for background checks worldwide ; becoming more responsive to critics  i.e. , not targeting them  , dropping the sexist nonsense , and helping its drivers earn more money . The company has apologized for many of its transgressions . It issued a statement calling the alleged rape in India an "  abhorrent crime . " An executive , Emil Michael , said in a statement to Buzzfeed that his comments about the company potentially targeting journalists were made at a private dinner but also "  were wrong no matter the circumstance . " And it reportedly pulled its site about the sexist French ad . A company blog post published December 4 indicates Uber "  will be making changes in the months ahead . " "  Done right , " the company says , "  it will lead to a smarter and more humble company that sets new standards in data privacy , gives back more to the cities we serve and defines and refines our company culture effectively . " Ensuring changes are "  done right " will take public pressure . But what kind ? Lacy has deleted Uber from her phone , both because of the statement it sends and because she fears for her safety when using the service . I 'm considering the same , and did download Lyft this afternoon . But here 's a confession I know is both shameful and very 2014 America : I 'd still like a protest that 's more convenient .	John Sutter says Uber is causing a moral quandary for riders This is the age when convenience trumps morality , he writes
CNN  -- A video camera mounted inside the police car of a Virginia Tech police officer slain Thursday showed a man with a weapon who appears to be same person as a man who was later found shot dead about a quarter of a mile away , a Virginia state police official said Thursday night . Maj. Rick Jenkins added that , at this point in this investigation , "  we can not say definitively " that the second victim had fired the shots that killed Officer Deriek W. Crouse . But the man does appear on video footage from moments before that officer was killed , and he also matches the description first put out by police of the suspect . In addition , Jenkins said authorities "  have recovered clothing items that lead us to believe that " the second victim and the man on the video "  are one and the same . " The incident began about 12:15 p.m. , when Crouse , a four-year Virginia Tech police veteran , pulled over someone during a routine traffic stop in the Cassell Coliseum parking lot near McComas Hall . The Cassell Coliseum at Virginia Tech houses athletic facilities . McComas Hall houses exercise facilities . Soon thereafter , police "  dispatch was unable to make contact with the officer , " Virginia Tech Deputy Police Chief Gene Deisinger said . Then , before 12:30 p.m. , police received their first call from a witness who said he 'd seen the suspect -- who state police Sgt. Bob Carpentieri said authorities "  do not believe ... was in the vehicle that was stopped " -- approach the officer 's car and open fire . A few minutes later , at 12:36 p.m. , the first of six alerts was issued to the campus community about the shooting . A visibly upset Julie Fleming described to CNN affiliate WDBJ how she 'd been walking nearby and saw police pull up around the vehicle of the officer who had been shot . "  When they opened  the car door  , he just fell out toward the ground , and they immediately started reviving him , " she said , adding that two officers then took off with weapons after the gunman . Brian Walls , an employee in the school 's athletic department , told CNN he also saw first-responders trying to resuscitate someone in the same area , which is also near the university 's football stadium . The shooter had fled on foot toward a parking lot known as "  the Cage , " school spokesman Mark Owczarski said . This suspect was "  described as white male , gray sweat pants , gray hat w / neon green brim , maroon hoodie and backpack , " Virginia Tech said in posts on its website and Twitter feed . About a quarter-mile from the first shooting , in what 's described as the "  I-Lot , " a law enforcement officer saw a suspicious man and tried to contact him , Virginia Tech Police Department Deputy Chief Gene Deisinger said . "  By the time they turned around and located the subject , that subject was deceased , " the deputy chief said . Gov. Bob McDonnell said Thursday night that "  another gunshot " had been heard between 15 to 30 minutes after the first shooting . The clothes tied to the initial suspect description were recovered later . Jenkins , though , did not state they were found on the second dead man , where he was found . While several updates were sent out , it was n't until 4:30 p.m. that the school announced on its Twitter feed that "  law enforcement agencies have determined there is no longer an active threat or need to secure in place . Resume normal activities . " On Thursday afternoon , authorities similarly did not explicitly state that the second person shot dead had earlier killed the police officer . Carpentieri said only that "  investigators feel confident that they have located " the officer 's shooter . "  When the university lifted the alert , they consulted with several people and they felt that it was safe for students and faculty to go about their day , " Carpentieri said . "  We like to think that things are safe . " Crouse , 39 , joined the Virginia Tech police force six months after the 2007 mass shooting , according to a release on the school 's website . A U.S. Army veteran who had worked at the New River Valley jail and with the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Department , the Christiansburg resident is survived by his wife as well as five children and stepchildren . The second slain man has not been identified by name . And police also have not given a possible motive for the shootings . The Virginia State Police are taking the lead in the investigation , Deisinger said . Federal agents are involved as well , including six agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives who responded to the scene , ATF spokesman Scot Thomasson said . In addition to reviewing the video from Crouse 's car , investigators are sorting through ballistic and DNA evidence and interviewing witnesses , said Jenkins of the state police The episode rattled a campus where 33 people were killed on April 16 , 2007 , when student Seung-Hui Cho went on a shooting rampage . Two of those deaths occurred at West Ambler Johnston Hall , across the street from the Coliseum lot . "  In light of the turmoil and the trauma and the tragedy suffered by this campus by guns , I can only say that words do n't describe our feelings and they are most elusive at this point in time , " Virginia Tech President Charles Steger told reporters Thursday . On Thursday , law enforcement and school officials said the alert system put in place in recent years worked well , both from technological and communications standpoints . "  What I observed and experienced was significant cooperation from everybody I encountered , " Deisinger said of what he saw , on campus , after the alerts went out . "  I think the community received the notification and responded to that , as we asked them to . " Kiersten Todt Coon , a risk management consultant who has worked with other universities on campus management , said it appears that accurate information was communicated quickly and methodically -- in contrast to what happened four years ago . That said , she said school administrators should now review whether that information got out to everyone who needed to get it . "  Did the messages work across the board ? " Coon asked rhetorically . One school administrator said he and other staffers locked rooms and laboratories in Shanks Hall within three minutes of getting the first alert around 12:36 p.m. . In the subsequent hours , he said faculty and employees got "  regular and updated information " that he described as "  very helpful " and calming . "  We 've practiced this over time , " said Robert E. Denton Jr. , head of Virginia Tech 's department of communication , told CNN affiliate WSLS during the lockdown . "  This is kind of scary to go through ... It brings back so much . " McDonnell lauded the communications effort not just as governor , but also as a parent : His daughter is a Virginia Tech master 's student who was confined to a basement classroom during the four-hour episode . "  Like so many parents who had children on the Virginia Tech campus , I felt a lot of that angst and uncertainty , " he said . "  Again , I want to express my gratitude to law enforcement for making sure that they kept the faculty  and  parents regularly informed . " Classes for the semester ended Wednesday . Students were preparing Thursday for final exams for the fall semester , though the university announced on its website that Friday 's exams had been postponed to Saturday . A small vigil was held Thursday night on the Blacksburg campus , and a similar event is scheduled for for 6:30 p.m. Friday , according to a posting on the student government association 's Twitter account . Beyond Virginia Tech , Thursday 's incident had ripple effects elsewhere in western Virginia . All public schools in Montgomery County -- where Blacksburg is located -- were also placed on lockdown , county school Superintendent Brenda Blackburn said . Dismissal eventually began at 3:30 p.m. , after a delay of more than an hour . In addition , a western Virginia rest area along Interstate 81 was shut down Thursday afternoon , Virginia Department of Transportation spokesman Jason Bond said . The stop , on the highway 's northbound side , is about nine miles from the Virginia Tech exit . He did not know whether that move -- which was ordered by state police -- was related to the Blacksburg shooting . Carpentieri noted there was "  some suspicious activity at that location , " though he also declined to say whether it was related to the Virginia Tech incident . Several Virginia Tech administrators -- including the head of campus police , Wendell Flinchum , and the emergency management director , Michael Mulhare -- were in Washington on Thursday at a federal court hearing on the 2007 shooting on the school 's campus , according to U.S. Department of Education officials . Flinchum and the school were criticized after that incident for not notifying students quickly enough that there was a danger on campus . The hearing was an appeal of the Department of Education 's fine of $ 55,000 on Virginia Tech under the Clery Act , a federal law related to campus safety . In April , Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli called the 2007 case against Virginia Tech "  Monday-morning quarterbacking at its very worst . " As to Thursday 's incident , Carpentieri stressed that there were "  two crime scenes " -- where the two bodies were found -- and that the probe is ongoing , with many questions still unanswered . At the same time , he voiced confidence that "  things are safe for people to be out again . " "  These are large crime scenes and it takes several hours to put the puzzle together , " the state police sergeant said . "  We still do n't have a lot of the puzzle pieces connected . " CNN 's Carol Cratty , Phil Gast , Greg Botelho , Vivian Kuo , Eric Fiegel and Sally Holland contributed to this report .	NEW : A vigil is held at Virginia Tech on Thursday night ; another is set for Friday Video from a slain police officer 's car shows a man with a gun , just before shooting The man on the video matches the description of a person later found shot dead A state police major says "  we can not say definitively " the dead man shot the officer
Dutch Harbor , ALASKA  CNN  -- In Dutch Harbor the smell of fish wafting from the docks and the canneries is the smell of money . And lately , the town has smelled a lot less fishy . High seas high jinx : Tobias gives his shipmate Hanns a haircut at sea using a sail bag as a barber cape . Over fishing , new quota systems and changes in expected weather patterns have all played a role in changing the face of this once swashbuckling Alaskan town , fishermen say . "  Last summer we thought that pollock fishing was over for good , it was so bad . Time to turn out the lights and go home . But then they cut the quotas by 30 percent and now there are some small signs of more small fish , so maybe they are coming back , " said Guy Collins , who coordinates with fishing captains who unload their catch at the Unisea docks in Dutch Harbor . "  The fishermen have to go further north toward Russia now to get the fish that are near the ice . It used to be the boats would go out 100 miles , now they go out 500 . It could be partly due to temperature change and weather patterns . " Dutch Harbor saw a revival in popularity with the reality show The Deadliest Catch , but even the high-fiving enthusiasm of the deck hands on the TV show ca n't match what the town was like in the glory days . "  Those were the days , in the mid 1980 's , there was booze , drugs and partying . You had lines of coke going down the bar and no one said anything , " says Byron Singley , captain of the 24-ton fishing boat the Nancy Allen . "  People were making big money and spending it as fast as it came in . I earned $ 78,000 as a deckhand the first year I was here but I ca n't remember where it went . Those days are long gone . " Aboard the Silent Sound , as we sail north through the Bering Sea , we 're finding other things are not quite like they used to be . For starters , we 've been becalmed for much of the trip when we were expecting to encounter strong winds on the Gulf of Alaska and Bering Sea . We have motored nearly half of our 2,300 miles so far . More importantly , the ice we were bracing ourselves for may not be where we expected to find it . While this is good news for the expedition from a sailing perspective , it 's less attractive for wildlife such as polar bears , seals and walruses that use the ice as a platform for hunting , mating and migration . "  The present extent of northern sea ice is very similar to the extents at this time in 2008 and in 2007 . It is close to values seen also in 1995 and 1990 . It is about five per cent below the long-term average of 12.2 m square kilometers , " said Dr Humfrey Melling , a research scientist with the Institute of Ocean Sciences near Victoria , British Columbia . September 2007 was the first time that the Northwest Passage was open water from end to end . An ice forecast issued by the Canadian Ice Service on July 1 showed earlier than normal break up in many key areas in the Western Arctic . "  In the Western Arctic region , the breakup pattern is one to three weeks early in many coastal areas and by as much as one month in isolated areas , " the report said . But we 're still some 400 miles from the Arctic Circle and a month from entering the heart of the Northwest Passage , which gives the Arctic plenty of time to surprise us .	Team aims to discover how climate change has affected Arctic and Inuit people At Dutch Harbor , Alaska , discovered how fishing quota transforming community Unexpected calm weather on trip so far despite sailing "  Deadliest Catch " seas Read the first ship 's log from the crew of the Silent Sound
CNN  -- As Panamanian authorities work to unravel the details surrounding a detained North Korea-flagged cargo ship suspected of carrying military equipment , here 's a look at reported seizures of North Korean arms and weapons : 2012 May A North Korea shipment of weapons , primarily missile parts , believed to be bound for Syria on a Chinese-flagged ship was intercepted at the Pusan port in South Korean and impounded , Japanese and South Korea media reported , citing unnamed diplomats . The parts , according to reports , were marked with DPRK , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . August A North Korea shipment of materials suitable for uranium enrichment bound for Myanmar was seized by Japanese authorities at a Tokyo port , Asahi Shimbun reported . The shipment , according to the Japanese news agency , included the type of metal pipes and aluminum alloy bars that are needed for centrifuges . 2010 February Ukrainian authorities boarded the Chong Chon Gang at the port in Oktyasbrk , where customs officials seized drugs and ammunition , according to the Crimean News Agency , citing maritime officials . 2009 August The United Arab Emirates seized a cargo ship at its port in Dubai that authorities say was carrying North Korean weapons bound for Iran , according to state-run media accounts at the time . November South Africa intercepts a shipment of guns , ammunition and tank parts in Durban that officials say were bound from North Korea to the Republic of Congo . The seizure of the weapons , which were in containers lined with sacks of rice , was made public in February 2010 by The Wall Street Journal . The paper obtained a copy of the South African report to the U.N. Security Council . That same month , Greek authorities seized a North Korean shipment of 14,000 chemical weapons suits , worn for protection during a chemical attack , bound for Syria . The seizure was made public in 2011 when Greece reported it to the Security Council . December Authorities in Thailand seized a cargo plane loaded with North Korean weapons , including rocket-propelled grenades , bound for Iran . The seizure was made public in January 2010 after Thai authorities filed a report with the Security Council . 2002 December A North Korea cargo vessel bound for Yemen was intercepted by Spanish authorities in the Gulf of Aden , where authorities seized Scud missiles hidden under sack of cement , according to published accounts at the time . Yemen later demanded delivery of the cargo .	In 2010 , Japanese authorities seized what they said was materials for uranium enrichment South Africa tells the U.N. that it seized North Korean weapons bound for the Congo In 2002 , a North Korean ship is intercepted in the Gulf of Aden carrying Scud missiles
CNN  -- Less than two weeks after a winter storm paralyzed Atlanta , a brand new round of bad weather is bearing down on the Southeast . The National Weather Service forecasts a 60 % to 80 % chance of rain , snow and sleet from Monday night through Wednesday in Atlanta . Up to 2 inches of snow could stick . A winter storm watch is in effect Monday through Wednesday morning for Atlanta , Birmingham , Memphis and Little Rock . The coming storm will be the first test for a 32-member severe weather task force created in the wake of the fallout from last month 's debacle when 2.6 inches of snow shutdown Atlanta 's metropolitan area . The city of Atlanta and Georgia say they 're being proactive this time , unlike two weeks ago when the storm snuck up on Gov. Nathan Deal and Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed , resulting in citizen inconvenience and outrage . The governor apologized to the public and promised to handle things differently next time . "  I 'm the governor , the buck stops with me , " he said . On Sunday the Georgia Department of Transportation said it would start treating roads with sand and salt after the Monday evening rush hour . Supplies from southern Georgia are being brought to the Atlanta metro area , said transportation department spokeswoman Natalie Dale . Deal also gave the National Guard a warning order , an advance notice to personnel of the possibility of a "  call up " for a state mission . Schools also began announcing their plans to cancel evening activities beginning Monday . Atlanta City Hall spokesman Carlos Campos said priority roads and bridges will be treated Monday night with a combination of sand and salt , and more supplies are being ordered . The city will open a joint operations center and coordinate with the state government . The city urged people to take precautions such as filling cars with gas and stocking up on food . When the storm struck January 28 , traffic gridlock occurred almost instantaneously as commuters fled Atlanta en masse . Thousands of school children across northern Georgia spent the night in schools , and countless motorists endured 20-plus hour commutes , if they were lucky enough to get home at all . Deal appointed the new task force to help prepare for future winter storms . Glenn Burns , chief meteorologist for CNN affiliate WSB and a member of the Georgia Severe Weather Task Force , told CNN Sunday that the group is ready . He participated in a meeting Sunday with the National Weather Service , the Georgia Emergency Management Agency , GDOT , local schools and meteorologists . "  I think being on the same page with everybody getting the same information is going to be key to how we respond , " he said . Burns also warned that this week 's storm will be significant . "  This is a whole different ball game , " Burns said . "  What we had two weeks ago was a minor event . This is likely to be a major event . " Burns predicts northern Georgia will see more than 30 hours of wintry precipitation compared to last month 's four hours of snow . CNN weather forecasters say this week 's storm will hit the Southeast in two waves . The first wave will occur Monday into Tuesday with a mixture of snow , sleet and freezing rain . The second wave pushes in Tuesday and Wednesday because of an area of low pressure bringing Gulf moisture to the Southeast . It will bring a wintry mix and freezing rain . The National Weather Service predicts lows of 35 degrees Monday night . On Tuesday , the high will only reach 37 and the low will be around 30 . Wednesday will be even colder , with a high of 35 and a low of 30 . On Thursday , temperatures should rise into the high 40s .	A winter storm expected to hit the Southeast Monday night Georgia , Atlanta plan to treat the streets before the storm Officials lambasted after earlier storm paralyzed Atlanta Birmingham , Memphis and Little Rock are also in the crosshairs
CNN  -- As a singer and as a person , Whitney Houston had been described as larger than life . The numbers speak to that , adding up to a legendary career . 2 Years that Houston took to make her first album after iconic music producer Clive Davis discovered her in a New York nightclub in 1983 . 12 million Copies of her debut album , titled "  Whitney Houston , " sold in the United States 11.8 million Number of "  The Bodyguard " soundtrack units sold , making it the best-selling soundtrack in more than 20 years 14 weeks The period "  I Will Always Love You " topped the Billboard Hot 100 in 1992 , the second-longest reign in the chart 's history 4.5 million The number of physical singles Whitney Houston 's song , "  I Will Always Love You , has sold since its release in 1992 7 Consecutive No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hits that she had in the 1980s -- from "  Saving All My Love for You " and "  Where Do Broken Hearts Go " -- breaking a record earlier held by The Beatles and the Bee Gees . 79.6 million Estimated number of those who watched Super Bowl XXV on January 27 , 1991 , where Houston 's rendition of "  The Star Spangled Banner " became the gold standard for performing the national anthem , according to music critics $ 410,945,720 Gross domestic and international sales from the 1992 movie "  The Bodyguard , " starring Houston and Kevin Costner 1 Number of children -- Bobbi Kristina , born in 1993 after her marriage to New Edition singer Bobby Brown 60 million TV viewers who watched Houston star as the Fairy Godmother in an ABC reworking of Cinderella in 1997 6 Grammy awards that Houston won over the course of her career , the last coming in 2000 for best female R&B performance for "  It 's Not Right But It 's Okay " 411 Awards total that she 'd garnered as of 2006 170 million Albums , singles and videos that she sold over the course of her career 48 Age on Saturday , when she was pronounced dead in her fourth-floor room at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills Sources : Whitney Houston 's official website ; Nielsen ; Boxofficemojo.com ; Recording Industry Association of America	Whitney Houston sold more than 170 million albums , singles and videos She won at least 411 awards , including 6 Grammy honors The mother of one daughter , she was 48 when she died
Outrage over the recent killing of a healthy giraffe at a Danish zoo misses a crucial point , an official argued . "  Conservation is not always simple . It 's not always clean , " said Lesley Dickie , executive director of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria , a European body governing 345 institutions . "  I 'm afraid that when we have limited space in zoos -- and it 's limited because of problems in the wild , of course , and more and more animals need our help -- then we sometimes have to make these really tough decisions . " The Copenhagen Zoo said it "  euthanized " the animal , named Marius , to avoid inbreeding . A veterinarian shot Marius with a rifle as he leaned down to munch on rye bread , a favorite snack . After a necropsy , the giraffe was dismembered in front of an audience that included children and fed to the zoo 's lions , tigers and leopards . While some American zoo officials have said this is not standard practice for their facilities , Dickie said that this can be chalked up to a misunderstanding about what is "  normal in Danish culture " and that zoological experts could do a better job of communicating . "  People have perhaps lost sight of the bigger picture and perhaps we as zoos have not been good at explaining why on very few occasions we need to make decisions like this , " she said . Death threats Staff at the zoo have received death threats as debate rages online over the killing , which took place despite a petition signed by thousands of animal lovers . Several staff members were targeted after the giraffe was shot Sunday , Copenhagen Zoo spokesman Tobias Stenbk Bro told CNN on Monday . He added that Bengt Holst , director of research and conservation at Copenhagen Zoo "  received threats via telephone and e-mails . " OPINION : Why zoo was right to kill giraffe "  Our giraffes are part of an international breeding program , which has a purpose of ensuring a sound and healthy population of giraffes , " Holst told CNN . "  It can only be done by matching the genetic composition of the various animals with the available space . ... When giraffes breed as well as they do now , then you will inevitably run into so-called surplus problems now and then . " As for the public necropsy , Holst said Monday that the zoo staff saw it as a learning opportunity because zoos have an obligation "  not to make nature into a Disney World , " but rather show those interested in "  the real thing . " He further pointed out that most of the children in attendance brought their parents to the necropsy , not vice versa . "  It 's not by accident that people came by here , " he said . This may speak to the cultural gap Dickie referenced . At the Copenhagen Zoo , she said , all euthanized animals are autopsied , with some parts used for research and the rest of the animal fed to the zoo 's carnivores . "  They strongly believe that the public should know how autopsies are done , what is the work of a vet in the zoo , " she said . Shame on whom ? That did n't dull the outrage sparked by the killing , as many people expressed their revulsion on the zoo 's Facebook page . "  I find the killing of innocent baby giraffe Absolutely Barbaric . And to do it in front of children just desensitizes them to brutal killing of animals . SHAME ON YOU ! " Hope Welch posted Monday . However some users pointed out the hypocrisy of those who criticized the zoo without any understanding of the reasons behind the decision , or who ate meat without knowing its true origin . "  The level of crass hypocrisy demonstrated by the vast majority of comments on this thread is absolutely repugnant . Shame on you , armchair warrior , shame on you , " wrote Matthew Ogden . OPINION : Why killing Marius does n't stand up to scrutiny More than 27,000 people had signed a "  Save Marius " petition , appealing for a last-minute change of heart . "  The zoo has raised him so it is their responsibility to find him a home , " author Maria Evans wrote on the petition site . When that petition failed , another petition popped up Monday , titled , "  Fire Bengt Holst From the Copenhagen Zoo For Having Marius the Giraffe Killed . " It had more than 16,000 signatures as of 3:30 p.m. ET . Zookeeper and TV personality Jack Hanna , who is also director emeritus of the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium in Ohio , joined the chorus of outrage Monday , calling the Copenhagen Zoo 's decision "  the most abominable , insensitive , ridiculous thing I 've ever heard of . " He also questioned why the Copenhagen Zoo would keep breeding animals for which it did n't have room . The Columbus Zoo would never put down an animal in this manner , Hanna said , and he would n't condone showing an animal consume another animal to children . "  I know it 's natural in nature . I 'm not an idiot , " he said , "  but I do n't need to have some 2 - and 3 - and 6-year-olds -- they can not understand at that age . You understand they do n't understand nature . They have n't been to Africa , so that 's what we do at the zoos . We try to educate people at zoos on what happens in the wild . " Which is exactly what Holst argues the Copenhagen Zoo was doing . As for exploring other purportedly more humane options , such as lethal injection or sterilization , Holst said that an injection would have contaminated about 200 kilograms of perfectly good meat , which was out of the question . He added , "  if we just sterilize him , he will take up space for more genetically valuable giraffes . " Options deemed not viable Several zoos volunteered to take Marius . The UK 's Yorkshire Wildlife Park , which said it has the capacity for an extra male , was among several places that offered to take him . Copenhagen Zoo said in a Q&A about the decision on its website , "  it is not possible to transfer the giraffe to another zoo as it will cause inbreeding . " The EAZA 's Dickie said some institutions were ruled out because they did not meet her organization 's strict protocols , and the Copenhagen Zoo would n't send Marius to an institution with "  lesser standards of welfare . " She further said that while EAZA members are "  saddened by the death of any animal in our care , " the EAZA supports the Copenhagen Zoo 's decision and reiterated the zoo 's claim that "  transfer within our network does not represent a solution to the unsuitability of the individual animal for breeding . " In the EAZA 's history , which dates to the early 1800s , its member zoos have put down only five giraffes , Dickie said . Numerous American zoos did not immediately respond to requests for interviews . The Association of Zoos and Aquariums declined a request , issuing a short statement from executive director Kris Vehrs stating that EAZA 's "  programs and procedures vary from those of the AZA . " "  Through the AZA Species Survival Plan program , these methods include science-based breeding recommendations and cooperating to plan for adequate space , " Vehrs said in the statement . The Woodland Park Zoo in Seattle , Washington , also declined an interview but said its birth plans were managed by the AZA Species Survival Plan . "  With each new animal birth , Woodland Park Zoo establishes a breeding and relocation plan that ensures a healthy and genetically sound future for the individual and species , " the statement said . To claims that the Copenhagen Zoo acted irresponsibly by allowing Marius to be born if it had no room to house him , Dickie said the giraffe was born more than two years ago , and it 's difficult to predict "  genetic kinship " and a zoo 's available space that far out . As for preventing the giraffes from breeding , that would violate the EAZA 's standard of "  providing a behavioral repertoire as natural as possible " for animals in captivity , she said .	Copenhagen Zoo staff get death threats Those outraged do n't understand zoo protocol , "  Danish culture , " official says Copenhagen Zoo said it shot Marius with rifle , fed his carcass to zoo 's carnivores Killing sparked outrage , with many people expressing revulsion on Facebook
Washington  CNN  -- In what one member of Congress called "  a charade , " a couple that showed up at President Obama 's first state dinner -- uninvited , the White House claims -- declined to answer questions surrounding the event before a House committee Wednesday . Under questioning from House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , and others , Tareq Salahi repeated over and over again , "  On the advice of counsel , I respectfully assert my right to remain silent and decline to answer your question . " The Salahis ' attorney notified the committee in December that because of a pending investigation by federal prosecutors , they would not answer questions about how they gained entry to the White House on November 24 , despite not being on the guest list to attend that night 's state dinner for the prime minister of India . In a brief statement that opened the often-contentious hearing , Salahi chastised the committee for requiring the couple to appear despite having been told the two would invoke their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination if subpoenaed . That , he alleged , is against the ethical rules of the Washington bar . He incensed some committee members by reiterating the couple 's respect for U.S. troops , the Secret Service and the president . "  You have shown effrontery here , " said Daniel Lungren , R-California . He called it "  an abomination " that the Salahis would invoke the name of those in uniform "  and suggest that somehow what you do provides support to them . " "  The Constitution protects fools , " Lungren said . "  The Constitution protects stupidity . The Constitution protects errant thought . Thank God it does . " "  This was not a hearing looking for information , " the couple 's attorney , Stephen Best , told reporters after the hearing . "  This was an opportunity for a public flogging . " "  I think today 's procedure is a charade , " Rep. Mark Souder , R-Indiana , said in the hearing , referring to the Salahis ' refusal to answer questions . Other committee members also lambasted the couple , alleging they put their own desire for celebrity before the security of the president and are wasting the committee 's time and taxpayers ' money . "  I do n't respect your right to take the Fifth Amendment . Not at all , " Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. , D-New Jersey , told the couple . "  Were you there ? " he asked Salahi , referring to the dinner . When Salahi began , "  On the advice ... " Pascrell interrupted him , asking , "  Are you here right now ? You gon na get an answer from your attorney on that ? " Pascrell noted the committee had offered to allow the couple to speak behind closed doors . After conferring with his attorney , Salahi said , "  Yes , but you did n't offer us any legal protection . " Salahi 's wife , Michaele , also invoked her Fifth Amendment right under questioning by committee members , but replied , "  yes , " when asked if she would return to testify after the investigation has concluded . Asked by Thompson whether the state dinner appearance was part of a "  reality TV stunt , " Tareq Salahi said the couple was under a non-disclosure agreement and "  should not discuss matters related to the television matter . " The Salahis contend they were told they could attend the program to honor India 's prime minister , but the White House says they were not invited and were not on the guest list for the exclusive affair . Best said after the hearing the couple received "  representations that they relied upon " that they were invited guests . Two Secret Service investigators were privy to this information from a person who knows the Salahis , he said . "  This was not a stunt , and they committed no criminal act . " There was no connection to any reality TV show , he said , and the Salahis were not seeking publicity . The couple has turned down multiple offers from the media to be "  rewarded handsomely , " he added . "  Whatever the real story is , it 's on the other side of the gates of the White House , not with the Salahis , " Best said . "  They thought they were invited . ... If it was a misunderstanding , it was a misunderstanding caused by representatives of the government . " Tareq Salahi also noted in his opening statement that the couple 's attorneys have offered to provide information to the committee , but that offer was declined by Thompson 's staff . "  Those offers are not satisfactory , " Thompson said . "  These lawyers were not at the state dinner and have no firsthand knowledge of the facts . " Tareq Salahi also said the couple has provided phone records , e-mails and other documentary evidence to the committee . There also was criticism of the White House in Wednesday 's hearing . Rep. Peter King , R-New York , said the White House "  continues to stonewall " and will not allow social secretary Desiree Rogers to testify on the security breach . Obama press secretary Robert Gibbs has said that allowing a White House staff member to testify before a congressional committee would violate the Constitution 's separation of powers . "  I do n't know what the White House is trying to hide , " King said . "  Obviously , something went wrong , and it originated with the White House , not the Secret Service . " Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan , in previous testimony before the committee , took responsibility for the security breach , acknowledging that "  appropriate procedures were not followed . " Rep. Charles Dent , R-Pennsylvania , said Wednesday he thought it was "  unfortunate " that Sullivan "  had to take all that grief from us . " "  I hold you responsible for it , " he told the Salahis . "  Your actions ... made a mockery of this country , a mockery of our security , " Rep. Sheila Jackson-Lee , D-Texas , told the couple . "  I 'm saddened , and I 'm disappointed , and I 'm outraged . " Best reiterated afterward the Salahis do not want the events surrounding the dinner to detract from the "  extraordinary institution " of the Secret Service . "  They are Americans , " he said . "  They are proud Americans . "	Tareq and Michaele Salahi decline to answer questions at congressional hearing House panel looking into how the couple attended state dinner in November White House says they were n't invited ; Secret Service says procedures not followed Salahis ' attorney says they ca n't answer questions because of pending investigation
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A radical Islamic cleric who faced charges relating to terrorism was killed in a daylight ambush Monday morning in Kenya 's main coastal city , Mombasa , Kenya Police said . Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia and was blacklisted by the United States and U.N. Security Council . He also faced charges before a Kenyan court for planning terror attacks in Mombasa "  We have received reports that Aboud Rogo Mohammed has died , " said Eric Kiraithe , the Kenya Police spokesman . "  We are taking this matter very seriously . It is disappointing to us , because we had a case in court and we had evidence to go to its logical conclusion . " But Rogo 's wife , Hania Said , claimed the shooters were Kenyan police . Kiraithe dismissed that claim and asked for the public to give the police information . "  That can only be nonsense , " he said . "  For what conceivable reason would that happen ? What we need is for everyone to cooperate without any fear . We have a witness protection program now . " Rogo 's wife said the cleric was traveling with his family in a van on the Mombasa-Malindi highway when they were ambushed by a group of men who shot her husband more than a dozen times . She said she was shot in the leg and Rogo 's father was shot in the hand . Their van , a 14-seat white Nissan , was riddled with bullets and splattered with blood . Police tried to take away Rogo 's body , but a group of supporters refused and took it away to be buried in the Muslim public cemetery . The shooting sparked protests by Mombasa 's Muslim community . Anti-riot police responded with tear gas . A government vehicle was burned near a mosque where Rogo once preached . A U.N. report in July said that Rogo "  threatened the peace , security , or stability of Somalia , by providing financial , material , logistical or technical support to Al-Shabaab . " It went on to claim that he was a key recruiter of Kenyan Muslims to fight with Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group that is trying to overthrow the Somali government . Journalist Bihoff Mukoto contributed to this report .	Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia Kenya Police are disappointed there will be no trial , a spokesman says Rogo 's wife , Hania Said , claims the shooters were Kenyan police
CNN  -- On any day , between 5 million and 6 million containers are on the high seas , carrying everything from potato chips to refrigerators . But not all of them make it to their destination , as the crew of the Svendborg Maersk have just found out . Their Danish-flagged ship was in the Bay of Biscay last week as hurricane-force winds battered the Atlantic coast of Europe . Amid waves of 30 feet and winds of 60 knots , the Svendborg began losing containers off northern France . After the ship arrived in the Spanish port of Malaga this week , Maersk discovered that about 520 containers were unaccounted for . Stacks of others had collapsed . It 's the biggest recorded loss of containers overboard in a single incident . As repairs are made to the Svendborg in Malaga , Palle Laursen , Maersk 's vice president of operations , says the company is examining its procedures "  to avoid similar incidents in the future . " The company told CNN that the extreme weather had an unexpectedly forceful impact on the ship 's movements . It said 85 % of the lost containers were empty and others included such dry goods as frozen meat . None contained dangerous goods . Maersk is now contacting customers to tell them that their shipments are at the bottom of the ocean . The Svendborg , which was on its way from Rotterdam in the Netherlands to Colombo in Sri Lanka via the Suez Canal , warned French maritime authorities that vessels should look out for floating containers , but most sank quickly in the mountainous seas . Thirteen have now been recovered , according to French officials . The French environmental group Robin des Bois said Friday it would sue Maersk for failing to disclose the full extent of the loss when it occurred , putting the lives of others in danger , causing pollution and abandoning waste at sea . The group claimed the containers were a lasting danger to fishing vessels and the environment . Most containers wo n't float for long , especially in heavy seas . But one that is refrigerated may be buoyed by its insulation , and the use of polystyrene as packaging for goods also aids flotation . New Zealand marine insurer Vero Marine says a 20-foot container can float for up to two months , and a 40-foot container might float more than three times as long . Cargo spills and shipping hazards These rogue containers can pose a danger to shipping and pollute the environment . In 2006 , thousands of bags of Doritos chips washed up on the beaches of North Carolina 's Outer Banks -- much to the delight of local gulls -- after the container carrying them split apart in the Atlantic . More famously , in 1992 , a container broke apart off the coast of Alaska , and 29,000 plastic ducks and frogs escaped . They 've been washing up as far away as Scotland and Japan ever since . There is no requirement on shipping lines to report container losses to the International Maritime Organization or other international body , so no one seems to know how many containers are lost at sea every year . In 2011 , the World Shipping Council estimated that including "  catastrophic losses " such as the capsizing of a vessel , about 675 containers were lost at sea annually . The Through Transport Club , which insures 15 of the top 20 container lines , has put the loss at fewer than 2,000 containers a year . But other industry sources say the number may be as high as 10,000 . That would still represent far less than 1 % of the containers traversing the world 's oceans . Maersk , one of the world 's largest lines , says that its highest annual loss in the last decade was 59 containers . But the hazard is still real enough . In recent years , several small vessels have reported damage after hitting semi-submerged containers . During his solo voyage around the world , American sailor Paul Lutus wrote that "  one night in the Indian Ocean , I hit a waterlogged shipping container that was too low in the water to show up on radar . " His 31-foot boat was damaged but stayed afloat . Container weight an issue Shipping analysts say that one issue affecting the stability of container stacks is that the steel boxes -- 20 to 40 feet long -- are not accurately weighed . They say some shippers frequently understate the weight of their containers to reduce freight charges . Not knowing how much your cargo weighs can introduce all sorts of problems in terms of the stress a vessel must endure at sea . Three years ago , a proposal was put to the International Maritime Organization for containers to be weighed before being loaded . But nothing has been agreed , and many shipping associations object to such a proposal as expensive and time-consuming . Even so , one current investigation may focus more attention on the loading of containers . Last June , the 90,000-ton MOL Comfort literally snapped in half 200 miles off the coast of Yemen . The ship , built in Japan , was only 5 years old . Both sections of the Comfort , as well as 4,500 containers , went to the ocean floor . One factor being investigated is whether uneven loading of containers contributed to intolerable stresses on the hull . It would not be the first such disaster . Seven years ago , the 62,000-ton MSC Napoli suffered catastrophic hull failure and ran aground off the English coast . A report by the UK Marine Accident Investigation Board concluded that inaccurate information about container weights could have been critical , given that cargo ships often sail close to their maximum permissible "  bending moments , " which measure the external stress on a vessel . The investigation recommended that "  if the stresses acting on container ships are to be accurately controlled , it is essential that containers are weighed before embarkation " and criticized the industry 's "  overriding desire " to maintain schedules and keep port time to a minimum . The cost of salvage and cargo came to nearly $ 200 million . An interim report into the sinking of the MOL Comfort by the Japanese Transport Ministry -- published in December -- also called for the weight of containers to be verified before loading to reduce uncertainty about ships ' bending moments . But a definitive answer to the Comfort 's demise may never be known , as much of the evidence lies deep under the Indian Ocean 's waves . Shipping containers offer housing solution	High wind and waves struck the Svendborg Maersk in the Bay of Biscay last week About 520 containers were unaccounted for after the ship arrived at a Spanish port Such rogue containers can pose a danger to shipping and pollute the environment A proposal put to a maritime group calls for containers to be weighed before loading
CNN  -- Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said millions of dollars from the "  extreme right wing " in the United States helped oust him from government and derailed a peace plan with the Palestinians . In an exclusive interview aired Friday with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Olmert said his attempts to make peace had been "  a killer " for him as prime minister . In 2008 , Olmert sought a "  full comprehensive peace between us and the Palestinians " -- a two-state solution based on the 1967 borders . But the plan was never realized and Olmert was forced from office accused of corruption , which he denies . "  It was a killer for me , not only because of the opposition in Israel . I think that , by the way , in Israel , the majority of the Israelis would have supported my plan , had it come for elections , " Olmert said . "  But I had to fight against superior powers , including millions and millions of dollars that were transferred from this country  the United States  by figures which were from the extreme right wing that were aimed to topple me as prime minister of Israel . There is no question about it . " Pressed to name names , Olmert replied : "  Next time . " Asked if current Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would be willing to propose such a plan , given the same political risks , Olmert said it was the responsibility of a leader to put his country first . "  That 's why you are prime minister , " said Olmert . "  That 's why you take the responsibility of leadership . To do things which are right for the nation that you want to lead . " But Olmert acknowledged that such leadership comes at a price . "  I paid personally , dearly . But there was no option for me but to do what I did . And I know for sure , and I know the names , of the people that spent millions of dollars in order to stop me -- from the United States . " He was then asked if there is still time for a two-state solution . "  There is time , " said Olmert , "  but time is running out . " He admits that Mahmoud Abbas , president of the Palestinian Authority , never said yes to his 2008 proposal , but also insists that he never said no . "  So why not reintroduce this plan again , and present the challenge to the Palestinians ? " asked Olmert . He said he hoped his successor , Netanyahu , would adopt his peace proposal -- which included the division of Jerusalem , which both Israelis and Palestinians claim as their capital -- but that so far this had not happened . "  The fact is that we do n't negotiate with the Palestinians . And the fact is that we have not proposed anything , " he said . Olmert suggested the current Israeli government was content to blame the Palestinians for a reluctance to negotiate , rather than striving for a peace deal which is of great importance to Israel . "  We want peace . We need peace . We want to separate from the Palestinians , " he said . "  We do n't want to control the lives of the Palestinians . We want them to have their own separate state and we have to do everything in our power in order to bring it about . " Olmert said it broke his heart to propose the division of Jerusalem , which he served as mayor from 1993 to 2003 . But the difficult decision was necessary , he said . "  For me to propose a division of Jerusalem was really terrible . I did it because I reached a conclusion that without which there will not be peace . " Asked if Netanyahu will seek such a peace , Olmert said , "  I certainly pray that he will . " Then he added , "  I doubt that he will . " Olmert was indicted on a variety of corruption charges in 2008 in a probe that dogged his last months in office . He held several Cabinet posts under then-Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , who has been in a coma since a stroke in 2006 . Olmert succeeded Sharon after his stroke . Olmert announced his resignation in September 2008 , after the corruption investigation deepened , and left office after a new government took power in March 2009 . Other corruption allegations have followed . Olmert declined to discuss the charges with CNN . He has denied wrongdoing in all cases .	Ehud Olmert says extreme right-wing elements in the United States helped derail his peace plan They poured millions of dollars into efforts to topple him from office , he says Olmert , who quit as prime minister amid corruption allegations , does not name the right-wing figures His 2008 peace plan proposed a two-state solution based on the 1967 borders
LONDON , England --  CNN  -- Ross Lovegrove is a world-famous industrial designer renowned for combining cutting edge , organic and sustainable designs with the newest manufacturing technologies . Lovegrove  left  and Craffonara with a prototype of the designer 's "  alpine capsule , " which is transparent on the inside and has a mirror on the outside . For his latest project , Lovegrove has teamed up with restaurateur and club owner Moritz Craffonara , who dreams of having a "  bed under the stars , " nestled on the peaks of the Dolomite mountains . Reflecting Craffonara 's passion for nature and art , Lovegrove has designed an "  alpine capsule " which will rest atop Craffonara 's private mountain . CNN joined Lovegrove and Craffonara in Italy , to explore the ideas behind the design for the unique concept of creating a "  bed under the stars . " CNN : How did this project come about ? Ross Lovegrove : Moritz commissioned me to create the alpine capsule . He is a bit of a legend in this area . This whole mountain top where I am sitting is owned by Moritz . At the age of 22 , he started bringing all the wood up the mountain on his own back . He is now in his early 60s and he looks younger than me , he is somebody who is a great example of what fresh air can really do for you . He has been running his lodge for all those years and now that he has some money available and he has decided to invest in something that could be a complete stimulus for a new way of thinking on the planet . Moritz leads the perfect life . He often gets in his little plane and flies to Venice for a coffee in St Mark 's Square . That 's a very good life style . CNN : What is the Alpine Capsule and how it will work ? RL : The Alpine Capsule is a very typical idea about the way we might be able to live off grid . It 's the idea that you can have an autonomous environment which can provide all the comforts you need , all the warmth and all the water you need , but absolutely off grid . Watch Lovegrove explain the concept " It is a habitation that is completely transparent from the inside so you can see nature around you and the stars . From the outside , the capsule is a mirror that reflects the surrounding nature . It is meant to provide the experience of being warm and cozy and at the same time being one with the vast universe . It would be quite remarkable if at 4 o'clock in the morning you can leave this pod , it can open like a private jet , and you could walk about on the snow privately and see the stars . What do you think of the Alpine capsule ? CNN : Where did your inspiration for the design come from ? RL : I tried to bring the kind of autonomous habitation systems that exist on a space craft and bring them back to earth . The shape of the capsule looks like a space object , that 's why I called it the Alpine Capsule . But it 's not as synthetic as you would think . My capsule is the most adaptive statement to date . You can put it anywhere because it is fundamentally an alien . CNN : Do you think the capsule 's aesthetic will fit into its environment ? RL : It is indeed an alien mirror-like feature . But it actually is not an invasive thing , its something that we have gotten used to , like seeing an aircraft in the sky . The capsule looks like a mercurial drop . Also , I think the traditional buildings in the Alps , built from wood , are very beautiful . They work in total harmony with their environment and I 'm not looking to interfere with that at all . It 's worse for me to look to design a hybrid type of structure that 's trying to tastefully fit in . It would be worse for me to cover my building in wooden shingles . Ironically that would be more visible than what I am proposing . What I think is extraordinary , and this is my dream , is the idea that instead of creating a log cabin or a stone cabin , you produce a spaceship that has been dropped into that environment . So if you come back to something like the alpine capsule , in this simplicity and you lie on this irregular shaped bed , you do n't have any references back to the life that you know . Maybe you can play incredible classical music or something that is going to stimulate your senses and you marvel at this 360 degree view around you . I could not think of a better way of getting up in the morning . My dream would be that Maurice gets inundated by people who want to experience this construction , when it is built in two years ' time . CNN : What does the capsule represent ? RL : For me the capsule is a metaphor of the future , because it 's not only about the pollution and over-population of cities , it 's about experiencing the planet . I live in London and I absolutely gasp for good air and here at the top of a mountain it feels perfect ; the air feels perfect for my body temperature , the light in my eyes means that I can see things better than I can normally see things . The work that I do with nature is to heighten one 's perceptions and to heighten one 's senses . We have been increasingly detached from nature I think that we need to relocate . CNN : What attracted you to this project ? Being a designer today at any level is a dream job ; you have an opportunity to bring something into this world that has never been seen before . If you do that in the right way you can completely transform people 's energy levels . People seem to transform into children when you show them incredible ideas like this . You do n't need to be able to speak a language with design , the design itself can unite cultures , it can unite global ambitions . Our human life span is sort of out of sync with nature 's life span . In terms of the creative benefits for me as a designer , I 'm interested in the concept of being a visionary . I think you have to try and visualize the future and push it forward . We need to understand what we learn in the future , I have always said that design is an educational process and as a designer I make sure I learn from a project and increase my knowledge base .	Famous designer Ross Lovegrove talks about creating the ` alpine capsule ' The capsule will be transparent from the inside to enable 360 degree view of the Alps The idea originated with restaurateur 's dream of having a "  bed under the stars "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A leading human rights official known for her expertise on the Rwandan genocide was traveling on the Newark-to-Buffalo flight that crashed into a house , killing all 49 people aboard the plane and one person on the ground . Alison Des Forges died in the crash of Flight 3407 outside Buffalo , New York , on Thursday night . Alison Des Forges , senior adviser for Human Rights Watch 's Africa Division for almost two decades , was on Flight 3407 , the group said Friday . "  Alison 's loss is a devastating blow not only to Human Rights Watch but also to the people of Rwanda and the Great Lakes region , " said Kenneth Roth , executive director of the humanitarian organization , said in a statement . Des Forges , who lived in Buffalo , spent four years in Rwandadocumenting the 1994 genocide and had testified about that atrocity and the current situation in central Africa before U.N. and congressional panels , the group said . Human Rights Watch , which is based in New York , said she was "  best known for her award-winning account of the genocide , ` Leave None to Tell the Story . ' " "  She was truly wonderful , the epitome of the human rights activist -- principled , dispassionate , committed to the truth and to using that truth to protect ordinary people . "  She was among the first to highlight the ethnic tensions that led to the genocide , and when it happened and the world stood by and watched , Alison did everything humanly possible to save people . Then she wrote the definitive account . There was no one who knew more and did more to document the genocide and to help bring the perpetrators to justice . " The group notes Des Forges ' even-handedness in the Rwandan conflict . She insisted that the Rwandan Patriotic Front , the group that toppled the "  genocidal regime , " be held to account for its killings during and after the slaughter . She was banned from Rwanda last year after Human Rights Watch highlighted problems with its legal system . "  She never forgot about the crimes committed by the Rwandan government 's forces , and that was unpopular , especially in the United States and in Britain , " said Roth . "  She was really a thorn in everyone 's side , and that 's a testament to her integrity and sense of principle and commitment to the truth . " She most recently was working on a report about killings in eastern Congo . Human Rights Watch said Des Forges was born in Schenectady , New York , in 1942 and was a historian by training . The statement issued Friday said she graduated from Radcliffe College in 1964 and in 1972 received her Ph.D. from Yale . She wrote her thesis on Rwanda . Her husband , Roger , is a professor of history and a China expert at the University of Buffalo . She is also survived by a daughter , a son , and three grandchildren .	Alison Des Forges , top adviser for Human Rights Watch 's Africa Division , killed Spent years in Rwanda , documented genocide , tried in vain to warn the world Group calls her loss devastating blow to human rights activism and Rwanda Des Forges wrote book on Rwanda , was working on report on killings in Congo
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Barney Frank , a prominent 16-term liberal Democrat from Massachusetts and arch-enemy of political conservatives nationwide , announced Monday that he does not intend to seek re-election in 2012 . Frank , 71 , said his decision to retire from Congress was prompted partly by changes made to the boundaries of his U.S. House district . As part of Massachusetts ' recently concluded redistricting process , Frank 's 4th Congressional District will lose the heavily Democratic blue-collar port city of New Bedford while gaining several smaller , more conservative towns . "  I will miss this job ,  but  the district is very substantially changed , " with roughly 325,000 new constituents , Frank told reporters . The veteran congressman said he was planning to retire after 2014 regardless , but said he did n't "  want to be torn " next year between the need to serve his existing constituents , reach out to new district residents and protect his signature Dodd-Frank financial regulatory reform law . President Barack Obama issued a statement praising Frank 's public service , calling the congressman a "  fierce advocate for the people of Massachusetts and Americans everywhere who needed a voice . " While Massachusetts ' entire House delegation is Democratic , local Republicans insist Frank 's retirement will put the reconfigured district in play . "  It is clear that Congressman Frank was not looking forward to another hard fought campaign after losing his gerrymandered district and spending nearly every penny he had in 2010 , " Massachusetts Republican Party Executive Director Nate Little said in a written statement . "  Republicans were already gearing up for a strong race and Frank 's sudden retirement injects added optimism and excitement into the election . " Frank , first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1980 , is the top Democrat on the powerful House Financial Services Committee . The controversial 2010 Dodd-Frank measure , designed to rein in Wall Street excesses after the 2008 financial collapse , passed the House without any GOP support . Frank made headlines earlier in his career by becoming one of the first openly gay members of Congress . He was formally reprimanded by the House in 1990 for allegations relating to his association with a male prostitute . Launching his career as an aide to Boston Mayor Kevin White in the late 1960s , Frank quickly became known for an acidic political wit . "  One of the advantages to me of not running for office is I do n't even have to pretend to try to be nice to people I do n't like , " Frank joked with reporters Monday . "  Some of you may not think I 've been good at it , but I 've been trying . " Frank 's current district -- which extends from the affluent , liberal Boston suburbs of Newton and Brookline to the cities of New Bedford and Fall River -- is considered safe Democratic political terrain . Frank did , however , receive an unusually strong challenge from Republican Sean Bielat in 2010 . Frank ultimately defeated Bielat , 54 % to 43 % .	Frank says his new district boundaries contributed to his decision to retire Frank , a Democrat , was first elected to the House from Massachusetts in 1980 A prominent liberal , he co-authored the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill Frank , an openly gay member of Congress , was reprimanded by the House in 1990
CNN  -- It 's time to pay up , America . The era of free news is rapidly coming to a close . The Washington Post , one of the last holdouts among major newspapers , will probably begin charging for online access next year . And the Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News announced Monday that they will launch separate paywall sites early next year . We 're all spoiled by the illusion that we can get whatever we want on the interwebs without having to pay a dime . Fire up the Google , troll the Twitter , see who 's got the most tantalizing links . We all do it , and we all take it for granted . But you ca n't have a media ecosystem in which everyone is aggregating , summarizing and retweeting content from everyone else . At some point there have to be actual human beings making phone calls and attending events and pawing through public documents . Watch : No more free lunch -- time to pay for news , America And these people -- known as "  reporters " -- need to put food on the table . Newspapers and magazines are partially to blame for this state of affairs . For many years they gave away their wares to anyone with a modem , anxious to avoid being left out of the burgeoning world of online commerce . Readers thought nothing of subscribing to a paper that landed on their doorstep but balked at paying for news on their computer screens and mobile phones . The result , as we all know , has been widespread carnage in American newsrooms . Some papers , such as the Rocky Mountain News and Seattle Post-Intelligencer , have folded . Others , such as The New Orleans Times-Picayune , have cut back to three times a week . The Cleveland Plain Dealer just announced it is slashing a third of its newsroom . Even The New York Times , which has made fewer cuts than most papers , said last week that 30 jobs will be lost to buyouts . Watch : Karl Rove benched : When gasbags get it wrong There were several rounds of buyouts when I worked at The Washington Post , where the newsroom has shrunk significantly and the new editor , Marty Baron , warns that more cuts are in store . In an overdue move , the paper now says it will likely move to a metered paywall , charging readers after they get a certain number of free articles each month . The Times was among the pioneers of this movement in March 2011 and now has nearly 600,000 digital subscribers . It also helps to have an affluent expense-account crowd , which is why The Wall Street Journal 's pay site has always thrived . The Post has a unique problem in that it is a national brand online , but a local newspaper in terms of circulation . So the out-of-towners who might want to read political analysis by Dan Balz and Chris Cillizza do n't have the option of subscribing to the ink-on-paper version . Yet the lucrative print ads that reach consumers in D.C. , Maryland and Virginia are worth far more than the modest rates that can be charged for digital ads . So the paper badly needs another source of revenue . Watch : Did Bob Costas go too far in pushing gun control ? The Daily Beast , where I work , is also considering a metered paywall , now that the parent company is folding the print edition of Newsweek , which led to substantial layoffs last week . Of course , readers have no august responsibility to pay for anything . And Big Media got too fat and happy in the days of easy money . The Google era is all about disaggregation -- that is , you can search for only the information you want about Medicare or Meryl Streep or Miami without the packaging of a publication . You can get your fix from Facebook friends . With new apps you can be your own editor , selecting the stories that suit your needs . So this is not a plea for charitable support . Increasingly , the name of the game online is providing something that is so unique or compelling that readers feel it 's worth reaching for their credit card . But it is a reminder that we are hollowing out the business of newsgathering . This is a particular problem at the local level , where no one else is going to investigate decaying schools or the mayor steering contracts to his cronies . Sadly , the shriveled staffs of many local papers are less able to do this kind of distinctive reporting , and will have a hard time persuading readers to pay for meager coverage with an overlay of local sports . It 's also true that there is less original reporting nationally on the environment , health care , criminal justice , finance and other vital areas . The Washington Post , where I was once New York bureau chief , has shut down its bureaus around the country . The slow stampede toward paywalls will prompt a shakeout in which some publications survive by proving their worth and others head for the graveyard . Some early signs are discouraging : Rupert Murdoch 's iPad magazine The Daily , which never had a clear identity , folded last week , and Arianna Huffington 's hugely successful site could n't get people to pay a modest fee for a monthly digital magazine . Hey , if folks do n't think a paper or magazine or online venture is worth the weekly equivalent of a frappuccino , that 's their choice . But man does not live by buzz alone . In the end , we get the journalism we deserve . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Washington Post , other news outlets , may soon charge for online access He says news organizations erred in giving news away free for so long to keep up He says Post needs revenue but digital ads don ' t bring as much as those from print circulation Kurtz : News organizations ' cuts have diminished newsgathering -- it 's time to pay for journalism
Tikrit , Iraq  CNN  ISIS is gone , but the fear remains . As Iraqi forces , aided by Shiite militiamen , took control Wednesday of the northern city of Tikrit , they found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped . CNN senior international correspondent Arwa Damon , who was in Tikrit on Tuesday , saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that Iraqi forces had to disarm . The troops , she said , were cautious when they entered buildings in case they were wired to explode . Plumes of smoke rose from burning buildings in the background . Near former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein 's presidential palaces compound -- Tikrit is Hussein 's birthplace -- the CNN team also saw a destroyed truck with a large machine gun mounted on the back . Iraqi forces said they had fired an RPG at the truck , killing three ISIS fighters . ISIS was ejected from the palaces compound in fierce fighting , they said , adding that there may still be booby traps . Federal police said they dismantled hundreds of IEDs  improvised explosive devices  Wednesday . CNN heard at least 16 explosions , some very loud , which police said were controlled . The potential booby traps were political as well as physical . Officials are concerned about the behavior of the conquerors , particularly the Iranian-backed Shiite militiamen who helped Iraqi troops . Officials fear the militiamen might take "  scorched earth " reprisals for the reported massacre of Shiite air force cadets by ISIS fighters in Tikrit last year . Much of the population of Tikrit is , like ISIS , Sunni Muslim . And officials fear that reprisals by Shiite militias against the Sunni population could stoke local anger , jeopardizing the government 's ability to hold onto Tikrit and pull the country together . Sectarian resentment helped fuel the rise of ISIS in the first place . ` Where are our sons ? ' demand families of soldiers captured by ISIS Still , the liberation of Tikrit from the terrorist group , which is also known as ISIL and calls itself the Islamic State , represented a significant victory for the Iraqi government , which had tried -- and failed -- to retake the city many times before . Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi arrived Wednesday to claim the victory , which took place a year after the city was first attacked by ISIS . Al-Abadi , who is also Iraq 's top military commander , had announced the previous evening on Iraqiya TV that the city was under the control of Iraqi forces . Iraqi forces continued to clean out pockets of resistance Wednesday , said Interior Minister Mohammed al-Ghabban , who was also in the city . But he said the Iraqi government would be in full control shortly . "  The enemy has been defeated , and it has lost all its capabilities , " al-Ghabban said . "  In the coming hours , the battle will end . " Iraqi security said that the few ISIS militants left in the city are hiding inside houses hoping to escape in the dark . ISIS ' nine-month dominion over Tikrit was marked by brutality . In addition to the reported massacre of the 1,500-plus air force cadets at Camp Speicher in June , ISIS is believed to have buried victims in mass graves and to have destroyed an Assyrian church that had graced Tikrit since the eighth century . The push into Tikrit came days after U.S.-led airstrikes targeted ISIS bases around the city . Al-Abadi said those tactics would now be replicated in other areas . Brett McGurk , the U.S. deputy special presidential envoy to the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL , tweeted that the coalition 's airstrikes had destroyed numerous ISIS shelters . "  We will continue to support courageous Iraqi forces operating under Iraqi command as they work to reclaim their territory from #ISIL , " McGurk tweeted . The key to victory in Tikrit this time , the Prime Minister said , was surprise . But help from the coalition of Shiite militiamen and volunteers also played a part . The militia members , estimated to number around 20,000 , are backed by Iran . The offensive marked the first open participation of Iranian advisers on the front lines in Iraq . The victory in Tikrit sets the stage for Iraqi forces to take back an even bigger prize -- Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . A U.S. official said in February that up to 25,000 Iraqi troops plan to return to Mosul in April or May in an effort to retake the city . Don Melvin wrote this report in London . Arwa Damon and Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Tikrit and Jomana Karadsheh from Baghdad .	Tikrit is under the control of Iraqi forces , Iraqi Prime Minister says ISIS departs , leaving city strewn with booby traps , explosive-filled vehicles Officials hope to avoid Shia reprisals for ISIS slaughter of air force recruits
CNN  -- Robin van Persie scored the opener against his former club Arsenal as Manchester United went top of the English Premier League Saturday with a 2-1 home win over the Gunners . They replaced Chelsea who were held 1-1 by Swansea in a later kickoff . The Dutchman switched to United in the summer in a $ 39 million move and has now scored 10 goals in 13 games to underline his enduring quality . He was on the score sheet at Old Trafford after just three minutes when a Rafael cross was not cleared and the result rarely looked in doubt after his early strike . "  It was an ideal start for the Manchester United cause and it was good for Robin . I thought he was fantastic today . His movement , his penetration was fantastic , " manager Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports . United should have gone further ahead just before the break when Santi Cazorla handled an Ashley Young cross to concede a penalty . But Wayne Rooney sent the spot kick wide of Arsenal goalkeeper Vito Mannone 's right post . United continued to dominate after half time and Patrice Evra headed home the second from a Rooney cross . The Frenchman was then fouled by Jack Wilshere , who was sent off for a second yellow card . Arsenal , beaten by Norwich in the EPL last weekend before their extraordinary 7-5 League Cup win over Reading in midweek , scored a late consolation through Carzola . But they trail United by nine points early in the season . Chelsea would have returned to the top with victory at the Liberty Stadium and Victor Moses gave the Blues a 61st minute lead as he scored following Gary Cahill 's header from an Eden Hazard corner . But Swansea were worth their point as Pablo Hernandez equalized with a superb 88th-minute strike . Manchester City remained unbeaten but held to a goalless draw by West Ham in the last kick off . Kevin Nolan had the ball in the net early for the home side but his effort was ruled out for a marginal offside decision . Champions City dominated the second half possession but could not find the goal and stayed in third place , two points behind their city rivals . Tottenham Hotspur missed the chance to take closer order on the top three with a dismal 1-0 home defeat to Wigan . Manager Andre Villas-Boas was jeered by the Spurs supporters who had seen their side beaten by a second half goal from Ben Watson . Everton have moved above them into fourth , but they were held 2-2 at Fulham as Steve Sidwell grabbed a late equalizer for the home side . In other games , Gabriel Agbonlahor scored the only goal as Aston Villa secured a much needed 1-0 win at Sunderland , while fellow strugglers Norwich beat Stoke 1-0 .	Robin van Persie scores as Manchester Utd beat Arsenal 2-1 Victory takes them top of the EPL above Chelsea Chelsea held 1-1 at Swansea after Pablo Hernandez equalizer Manchester City stay unbeaten but held 0-0 at West Ham
CNN  -- The gunman who held three people hostage at the Discovery Channel headquarters was once convicted of smuggling an illegal immigrant into the country from Mexico . In 2003 , James Lee , pleaded guilty to smuggling a woman from Tijuana , according to documents from a California federal court . He was sentenced to 18 months in prison for the crime . In court documents , Lee admitted to smuggling immigrants at least three times and being paid for it . This revelation comes in stark contrast to the manifesto Lee left where he railed against immigrants . Lee was killed by police Wednesday after the attacker held three people hostage for hours in the Discovery Channel offices in Silver Spring , Maryland . Lee was linked to a manifesto that was posted on the Internet , a source close to the investigation told CNN . The writer blasted immigration , farming , weapons of mass destruction , automotive pollution "  and the whole blasted human economy . " On immigration , he said : "  Programs must be developed to find solutions to stopping ALL immigration pollution and the anchor baby filth that follows that . Find solutions to stopping it , " the statement said . The hostages were unharmed in the Wednesday incident . Police on Thursday said that Lee had two starter pistols that he used during the standoff , and not handguns as previously thought . Montgomery County Fire Chief Richard Bowers said that authorities recovered four devices from the scene , and an additional four devices from a residence . He described the objects only as "  devices , " and said that they were rendered safe and detonated .	In 2003 , James Lee , pleaded guilty to smuggling a woman from Mexico This revelation is a stark contrast to his manifesto railing against immigrants Police killed Lee Wednesday ; the hostages were unharmed
CNN  -- As millions prepare to celebrate the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee , her official jeweler has created a three dimensional artwork inspired by her long reign -- and many diamonds . Asprey teamed up with acclaimed light artist Chris Levine to create "  The Diamond Queen , " an evocative portrait of the monarch which features a real tiara made up of 1,000 diamonds . It is based on Levine 's seminal 2004 Queen portrait "  Equanimity . " The tiara is an Asprey re-creation of the Queen 's diamond diadem which she wore on the way to her coronation in 1953 . "  We realized that we could collaborate together on this project and create something really unique , " said Paddy Byng , managing director of Asprey , which has been supplying the royals with bespoke jewelry and silver ware for the past 225 years . The glowing portrait is currently on show to the public at the company 's flagship store in London , but will be auctioned for charity later this year . "  We are hoping to raise as much money as possible to go to two charities that have a jubilee focus this year , " said Byng . The tiara 's value is estimated at  # 800,000 to  # 1.2 million . Despite the current economic climate , luxury goods remain in demand -- and the tiara is expected to sell at value . In part , the luxury market has been protected from the European downturn by the continued demand out of countries such as Brazil , Russia , India and China . Although many luxury brands remain based in Europe , the continent 's purchasing power is under strain as it struggles to emerge from the eurozone crisis . According to Byng , Europe 's economic headwinds create challenges , but ones which are offset in part by the popularity of London and Paris as travel destinations . That attraction , he said , remains "  one of the keys that are driving the growth of the market . " Byng added : "  I think we can all sit here and go ` this is a nightmare ' , but the fact of the matter is there are Europeans that are still extremely wealthy , and Europeans who still want to buy the best and it comes down to the individual brands to be able to compete amongst themselves on distinctive design , great quality products , and impeccable service . " CNN 's Stina Backer contributed to this report	British luxury retailer Asprey was founded in 1781by William Asprey The company has nine stores worldwide , its flagship store is on New Bond Street in London In 1862 Asprey recieved its first Royal Warrant from Queen Victoria
"  Dangerous , " "  Reckless " -- "  Innocent people who might get injured or killed . " That 's how Supreme Court justices characterized the consequences of a motorist fleeing police in a high-speed chase that ended violently . Every justice who spoke at a tense oral argument on Tuesday seemed inclined to support three Arkansas police officers who opened fire on a runaway motorist , killing the driver and his passenger . The case involves an appeal that again tests the limits of split-second law enforcement discretion for using deadly force . The incident in question began in July 2004 , when police in West Memphis , Arkansas , questioned Donald Rickard at a gas station about a broken light on his white Honda . He refused to step out the car and then took off . With his girlfriend , Kelly Allen , in the passenger seat , Rickard crossed the Mississippi River into Tennessee along Interstate 40 . Mounted cameras from three police vehicles , led by Officer Vance Plumhoff , show Rickard weaving in and out of traffic , then ramming a police car head-on . The Honda is later surrounded and as the suspect tries to back up , he sideswipes another cop car , and almost strikes one of the officers . The video then captures police firing 15 point-blank shots into the vehicle , as it drives away . The car then goes airborne and slams into a house in Memphis . Rickard and Allen , both 44 , were killed . Rickard 's family sued police , who argue they 're immune from such legal action . Courts struggle with interpretation The Supreme Court has previously said law enforcement and government officials are generally shielded from "  liability for civil damages " unless their conduct is egregious . But state and federal courts have struggled with a broad application for high-speed pursuits , especially of those not implicated in a criminal offense . At arguments , Justice Antonin Scalia , constantly pushed the lawyer for Rickard 's ' family to demonstrate whether the law was clearly established to show the officers ' actions were unreasonable . "  We are still left with a very dangerous man careening down the road , who is surrounded by police cars and still tries to get away to continue his careening , " said Scalia . It was "  your client who caused the whole thing , who caused the shooting in the last analysis . " During the high court 's public look at the case , it was clear the police version of the facts held sway . The car "  is eventually surrounded by officers with guns pointed at the driver demanding that he get out , that he put his hands up , and stop driving . They are pounding on the windows of the car . And the driver then begins to drive away , " said Justice Samuel Alito . "  What do reasonable officers do ? Maybe what they should do is to continue the chase indefinitely . " Rickard "  has already gone 100 miles an hour when the car moved away , even though that part of the street was deserted , " said Justice Sonia Sotomayor . "  Why would a reasonable officer not be suspicious that more reckless driving is going to occur ? " Standard of misconduct The family 's attorney , Gary Smith , suggested Rickard may not have been trying to continue the chase when eventually surrounded by police . "  You ca n't tell because he is bumper to bumper with the  Officer John  Gardner 's car , " said Smith . "  It is true that the wheels spin forward . " "  What do you mean ? He is going to the police station ? " asked Justice Anthony Kennedy skeptically . Justice Stephen Breyer tried to give Smith rhetorical room to make his point but said the "  clearly established " standard of misconduct was not met . "  When I saw the film , I saw your point . You have a point . But what I ca n't quite see is how it was a clearly established " violation , he said . "  So I 'm left in this uncertainty , which unfortunately for you means it was n't clearly established . " Justice Elena Kagan wondered whether the fact 15 shots were fired , and that there was a passenger involved should be taken into account in the fact-specific inquiry . Chief Justice John Roberts pursued a similar line of questioning : "  Is there any situation in which the application of lethal force during a high-speed case in your view would not be justified ? " An O.J. reference The attorney for the officers reluctantly cited the low-speed pursuit of former football star O.J. Simpson , suspected of murdering his wife and her friend in 1994 . "  I hate to use television as an example , but perhaps the way the white Ford Bronco fled in the early '90s that everybody saw on TV , " said Michael Mosley . "  That seemed to be relatively non-dangerous or at least not a danger of serious physical injury . " The Obama administration is supporting the officers in the Memphis case . The high court has been down this legal road before , ruling in 2007 a Georgia police officer used "  reasonable force " when ramming a young speeding motorist off the road , leaving him a paraplegic . That 8-1 opinion gave law enforcement significant protection from similar lawsuits , even when no other serious felonies surrounding the chase may have been committed . that was the first time the high court heard a case involving deadly force in police chases , and lower federal appeals courts have been split on the issue . Under generally applied Supreme Court precedents , an officer must show a suspect poses a "  significant threat of death or serious physical injury to the officer or others " before using deadly force . But some judges have since concluded that officers can be stripped of qualified immunity from lawsuits , citing the incident-specific , subjective circumstances unique to each pursuit . Impact on police Law enforcement groups worry a ruling against Plumhoff would hamstring every police official , who would often have to make split-second decisions about whether to wait until someone gets hurt -- including innocent victims or the officer himself -- before they could stop escaping motorists . Many police departments have specific policies about when to chase and when to hold back , but there are no national statistics on how jurisdictions handle such situations . A 2004 study by the University of Washington showed 260 to 325 people were killed in high-speed crashes involving police , from 1994 to 2002 . While Rickard 's family may not prevail , the larger question was whether the high court will now address the constitutional concerns , and give law enforcement around the country clearer guidelines on the proper line for use of deadly force . A ruling is expected within three months . The case is Plumhoff v. Rickard  12-1117  .	Case involves motorist who led police on chase following minor traffic stop Police opened fire on car after chase , two inside were killed Supreme Court sided with police in similar case in 2007 Officers sued in this matter lost a federal appeals decision
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. House of Representatives voted Thursday to extend three provisions of the Patriot Act and Intelligence Reform bill that are due to expire next month . The bill , which extends the provisions for another three months , passed in a 279-143 vote . Republicans overwhelmingly backed the extensions , while a majority of Democrats were opposed . The measure now goes to President Barack Obama 's desk to be signed into law . A similar measure extending the provisions for a longer period of time failed last week by a vote of 277-148 -- seven votes shy of the 284 needed to pass under a House rule requiring a two-thirds majority . Thursday 's House vote required only a simple majority . The Senate approved the final version of the measure earlier this week . One of the three provisions , Section 206 of the Patriot Act , provides for roving wiretap surveillance of targets who try to thwart Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  surveillance . Without such roving wiretap authority , investigators would be forced to seek a new court order each time they need to change the location , phone or computer that needs to be monitored . Another provision , Section 215 , allows the FBI to apply to the FISA court to issue orders granting the government access to any tangible items in foreign intelligence , international terrorism and clandestine intelligence cases . The third provision , Section 6001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorist Prevention Act of 2004 , closes a loophole that could allow individual terrorists not affiliated with specific organizations to slip through the cracks of FISA surveillance . Law enforcement officials refer to it as the "  lone wolf " provision . Legislators opposed to the extensions claim the provisions -- particularly related to wiretapping -- are intrusive and unconstitutional . Supporters argue they are a critical component of U.S. anti-terror operations . The White House has indicated it would have preferred a longer extension of the three provisions , through 2013 .	The U.S. House has voted to extend three provisions in the Patriot Act The extensions will last for three months The provisions relate to wiretapping authority , among other things The White House was pushing for a longer extension of the provisions
Dave Brat , an economics professor and former seminary student , pulled off the biggest political upset of the year by ousting the No. 2 House Republican Eric Cantor in a primary challenge on Tuesday night . "  This is the happiest moment , obviously , of my life , " Brat told his supporters at a post-election event in Glen Allen , outside Richmond , on Tuesday night . "  The reason we won this campaign , there is just one reason , and that 's because dollars do not vote -- you do . " Brat , who raised less than $ 300,000 to the House majority leader 's campaign war chest of $ 5.4 million , said , "  It 's not about David Brat winning tonight , it 's about returning the country to its principles . " Just how surprising were the results ? A close ally of Brat 's told CNN shortly before the results were in that he was "  shocked " and that senior campaign officials did n't believe he could pull in more than 40 % of the vote . Brat ended up besting Cantor 56 % -44 % . Cantor 's team included some veteran Virginia political hands while some of Brat 's top campaign staffers had n't worked on a major campaign before . Many political pundits were quick to credit the tea party for boosting Brat 's campaign , but his campaign did not get any significant financial support from conservative groups because they were funneling money into other primary challengers they believed had a better shot at beating GOP incumbents . Opinion : Who said the tea party was dead ? ' A shock on your hands ' In an interview a day before the vote , Brat made a prediction most political candidates make to try to energize their supporters , telling CNN , "  On Tuesday you 're going to have a shock on your hands . " Brat joked that he expected to see a CNN van in his driveway to cover his victory on Wednesday . Brat 's main argument in the race was that Cantor lost touch with his conservative principles . He told CNN , "  My beef with Cantor is n't not a right - or left wing thing . " Citing his expertise on economics , Brat said the GOP leader and other top congressional Republicans in Washington had set aside their "  free market principles " when they backed the bailout legislation that helped bolster Wall Street banks after the fiscal crisis in 2008 . But the longshot candidate centered most of his attacks against Cantor on the issue of immigration , arguing that the majority leader 's support for small measures allowing some type of legal status for children of undocumented immigrants was "  amnesty . " Much of the media coverage about the race focused on Brat 's attacks that Cantor was n't pushing the conservative position . Cantor worked to reassure Republicans that he would not allow any legislation to come up for a vote that provided "  amnesty . " He sent out mailers to Republicans in the district with the message "  conservative Republican Eric Cantor is stopping the Obama Reid plan to give illegal aliens amnesty . " But Brat told CNN the issue of "  amnesty " resonated more than other issues like Obamacare and jobs "  because it shows Eric flip-flopping and being unprincipled . " Jack Trammell is the Democrat who no longer has to face Eric Cantor Ad spending In addition to the top GOP leaders ' position on immigration , Brat repeatedly touted his experience as an economist , and criticized both political parties for ignoring proposals to address Medicare and Social Security . "  Neither side of the aisle will talk about the most important issues because that is going to involve pain . " While he is a political neophyte , Brat has served on state and local government boards and was a president of the Virginia Association of Economists . Despite being the overwhelming favorite , there were signs that Cantor 's campaign sensed a threat . It spent more than $ 1 million on television and radio ads that attempted to paint Brat as a liberal . They noted that he was appointed to one of those boards by then-Democratic Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine . But Brat argued that Cantor 's aggressive ad spending did him the favor of boosting his name identification around the district at a time when he did n't have the resources to run his own ads . Brat , 49 , grew up in the Midwest and moved to Henrico in 1996 to begin teaching economics and ethics at Randolph-Macon College , a small liberal arts institution . He has chaired the school 's Economics and Business department for the past six years . He and his wife Laura have two children . Graham defeats conservative challengers , avoids runoff Eric Cantor loses primary in big upset Cantor ` earthquake ' rattles Capitol Hill	Upstart Dave Brat beat heavily favored incumbent Eric Cantor Brat raised less than $ 300,000 compared to Cantor 's $ 5 million Challenger 's main argument was that Cantor had turned his back on conservative principles
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Kitty Wells shocked the country music scene when she first sang about honky tonks and cheating husbands 60 years ago , but it propelled her to stardom and blazed a path for the strong female voices that followed . Longtime Atlanta radio host Rhubarb Jones connects today 's young female stars directly back to Wells . "  Before Miranda Lambert , there was Reba McEntire , " Jones said . "  Before Reba there was Loretta Lynn . Before Loretta , there was Patsy Cline . Before Patsy , there was Kitty Wells . " Country mourns loss of ` Queen ' Kitty Wells "  If I had never heard of Kitty Wells , I do n't think I would have been a singer myself , " Lynn said after learning of Wells ' death Monday at age 92 . "  I wanted to sound just like her , but as far as I am concerned , no one will ever be as great as Kitty Wells . " "  She was a trailblazer for all the women in country music , " McEntire said Tuesday . Both Lynn and McIntyre called Wells "  my hero . " "  Kitty Wells was the first and only Queen of Country Music , no matter what they call the rest of us , " Dolly Parton said . "  She was a great inspiration to me as well as every other female singer in the country music business . " Wells was 32 years old and a mother of three in 1952 when she was asked to record "  It Was n't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels , " a response to Hank Thompson 's No. 1 hit , "  The Wild Side Of Life . " The song was a defense of women , giving cheating men some of the blame for causing women to stray . "  Too many times married men think they 're still single , that has caused many a good girl to go wrong , " Wells sang . Despite the Grand Ole Opry 's refusal to allow her to sing it on the radio broadcast , the record sold a million copies and dominated the country charts in summer 1952 . It even crossed over , reaching the 27th spot on Billboard 's pop chart . Until then , she had toured as the "  girl singer " with her husband 's band , singing gospel songs and old folk ballads . She later said the $ 125 fee was her motivation for recording the song , which made her country music 's first female superstar . Wells proved women could sell records and fill arenas by singing country songs from a woman 's point of view , according to her Recording Academy biography . Her recording career included 35 Billboard Top 10 records and 81 charted singles . "  Her songs resonated with women in an evolving post-war America , and she unassumingly paved the way for other strong female country singers , including Patsy Cline , Loretta Lynn , Dolly Parton , and Tammy Wynette , among others , " said Neil Portnow , president of the Recording Academy . "  She performed for seven decades , and she continues to be a model for generations of female country singers . " Wells was the first female country singer to get a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award , which the Recording Academy presented in 1991 . She was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1976 . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	"  If I had never heard of Kitty Wells , I do n't think I would have been a singer " -- Loretta Lynn "  She was a trailblazer for all the women in country music , " Reba McEntire says Despite being banned by the Grand Ole Opry , her first record sold a million copies Wells proved women could sell records singing country songs from a woman 's point of view
CNN  -- Violence erupted across Iraq on Saturday , with dozens of killings reported in shellings , bombings and shootings , authorities said . Most of the deaths occurred in Anbar province , the Sunni region west of Baghdad where security forces have been squaring off with anti-government fighters . Soldiers shelled and bombed parts of Falluja , killing 17 people and wounding 21 others , health officials said . This comes as Iraq 's military embarks on a large-scale operation to regain control of the city . Military action , which included the bombing of mosques and houses in Falluja , sparked an exodus of thousands of residents fleeing the fighting , the officials said . The metropolis look like a "  a city of ghosts , " Dr. Ahmed Ammar , an emergency room doctor at Falluja General Hospital , told CNN . "  Ninety-nine percent of Falluja citizens had fled the city , " and moved to the northern outskirts , he said . "  We do n't have enough medical supplies to treat wounded people , " Ammar said . "  The international community should intervene immediately and stop this mass killings conducted by al-Maliki and his forces . " He was referring to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who is Shiite . "  Fighters are all outside the city , they are not inside . Why is the Iraqi army continuing to shell residential areas ? Who would accept that ? " Ammar told CNN from an area where he can receive a phone signal . More than 300 people have been killed and more than 1,300 others have been wounded in the fighting in and around the city since the beginning of the year , authorities said . In the Anbar capital of Ramadi , two police officers told CNN that Iraqi security forces killed more than 30 anti-government fighters . Some of those fighters are militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , linked to al Qaeda . The wave of violence reflects the growing sectarian tension across Iraq , where the Shiite majority prevails in government and the Sunni minority regards itself as political marginalized . Bombing attacks and a shooting left at least 19 dead and nearly two dozen wounded in other parts of the country , police said . A suicide car bombing near Dujail on Saturday killed seven people , including four soldiers , police said . The incident occurred at an Iraqi army checkpoint just north of Baghdad . In northern Iraq , one roadside bombing killed five police officers , another bombing left three civilians dead , and two people were killed in a shooting , police said . Near Baghdad , a roadside bomb killed two people near an outdoor market .	NEW : Falluja fighting sparks a large exodus Violence reported in Ramadi A rash of bombings killed several people Iraq has been wracked with sectarian violence
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- For years Ahmad has been unable to find true love . So the 27 year-old bachelor who lives in Tehran is turning to a professional matchmaker . Jafar Ardabili 's matchmaking service provides one option for Iranian singles . "  I 'm searching for a love that lasts , " Ahmad said . What 's unusual is Ahmad 's matchmaker wears a turban , a robe and could be the first-ever Iranian cleric who plays cupid . "  First they say ` wow ' , " Jafar Ardabili said , "  then they take a closer look and say ` since he 's a cleric we have faith in him . ' " Ardabili made his first love match 10 years ago while he taught at a Tehran university . One of his students had a crush on a person , so Ardabili arranged for the two to meet . A few months later they married . The set-up worked so well that Ardabili and his wife opened the Amin International Family and Cultural Institute , a service that matched Iranian singles in a supervised setting . In Iran , Islamic law restricts social interaction . "  You ca n't just go after someone in public and say would you like to live with me ? " Ardabili said . "  Especially the women , who often do n't have any right to choose their companion , but in our institute women do have the right to choose . " Ahmad would love nothing more than one of those women to choose him . On a Thursday morning he anxiously sat in the institute 's waiting room . Ardabili had arranged for Ahmad to meet a young lady . Could she be the one ? Ahmad had paid a $ 100 fee , submitted a picture and his information . In return he has access to thousands of other applicants . Once applicants approve of one another 's pictures and profiles Ardabili arranges up to two meetings inside his office . After each meeting , the applicants report back to Ardabili . "  When there 's no connection they look like wrinkled potatoes , " Ardabili said . And when cupid 's arrow hits the mark ? "  They look very eager . They 're as happy as an ice cream cone . " Watch Ardabili describe how his service works " The third meeting for couples takes place outside the institute without supervision . If all goes well , Ardabili arranges for the families to meet and then the couple ties the knot . "  You feel good because you 're serving humanity , " Ardabili said . Ardabili said that during the past 10 years his institute has had more than 50,000 applicants . More than 2,000 of his couples have married without a single divorce , he said . Ardabili gave credit to his 10-member staff that offers counseling to married couples , even sex therapy . "  We want to reduce divorce , give families a strong foundation , " Ardabili said . On his Web site , Tehran 's matchmaking mullah has posted wedding pictures of some of his success stories . Ahmad ca n't wait to see his picture among them . "  At this very moment I 'm counting down the days . "	Iranian cleric , wife runs matchmaking service Service offers option for social interaction between Iranian singles Cleric claims his service has married 2,000 couples without a divorce
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A helicopter crashed during takeoff from Kandahar airfield in southern Afghanistan on Sunday , killing 16 people , NATO said . U.S. Marines participate in operation Saturday to push Taliban out of Herati , Afghanistan . The aircraft was a "  civilian contracted " helicopter , not a military one , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said in a statement . The helicopter was not shot down , ISAF said , adding that the exact cause of the crash was not known . All the dead were civilians , ISAF said . There were an additional five casualties whose condition was not known , according to the military statement . Watch report on the crash " The chopper was a Mil Mi-8 helicopter , owned by the Russian air company Vertikal-T , the Russian news agency Interfax said , citing Russia 's Federal Air Transportation Agency , Rosaviatsia . The aircraft "  was on a mission to support the peacekeeping forces , " an unnamed Rosaviatsia spokesman said , according to Interfax . Separately , a U.S. military helicopter made a hard landing in eastern Afghanistan , ISAF said . ISAF denied the helicopter was shot down in Kunar province , but suggested the people on board were injured . "  Personnel on the aircraft were initially treated on site and evacuated to the nearest medical facility for further treatment , " the ISAF statement said . The two helicopter incidents come a day after a plane crash that killed two airmen on a U.S. Air Force F-15 Eagle in eastern Afghanistan early Saturday , the U.S. military said . The two-man fighter went down while it was conducting military operations , Lt. Col. Reid Christopherson , said earlier . He said he was "  confident " it had not been shot down . July has been a difficult month for coalition troops in Afghanistan , with 51 international military fatalities , the highest so far , a CNN tally of official statistics shows . The United Kingdom lost eight troops in 24 hours , and has now had more killed in Afghanistan than in Iraq . Watch report on UK deaths in Afghanistan " The United States has lost 26 troops this month , putting it on pace to be the deadliest ever for U.S. forces in the country . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Civilian contracted helicopter crashes during takeoff in Kandahar , NATO says All of the dead were civilians , NATO says ; conditions of 5 other casualties unknown Chopper owned by Russian air company , according to Russian news agency Interfax U.S. military helicopter also makes hard landing ; personnel get medical treatment
CNN  -- The Catholic bishop of South Bend , Indiana , will not attend graduation ceremonies at the University of Notre Dame because he disagrees with the stem-cell research and abortion views of the commencement speaker -- President Obama . The University of Notre Dame says its invitation does n't mean the university agrees with all of Obama 's positions . Bishop John D'Arcy , whose diocese includes Fort Wayne , Indiana , as well as the university town , said Tuesday in a written statement that "  after much prayer " he has decided not to attend the ceremony . "  President Obama has recently reaffirmed , and has now placed in public policy , his long-stated unwillingness to hold human life as sacred , " D'Arcy said . "  While claiming to separate politics from science , he has in fact separated science from ethics and has brought the American government , for the first time in history , into supporting direct destruction of innocent human life . " Earlier this month , Obama reversed a federal ban on embryonic stem-cell research . Many scientists say the research could lead to advances in treating conditions like Alzheimer 's disease and Parkinson 's disease , while some abortion opponents believe destroying embryos in the research amounts to ending a human life . Watch Obama called "  premier promoter of baby-killing " " In January , Obama lifted a Bush administration restriction on funding for organizations that provide or promote abortion overseas . D'Arcy 's announcement comes as anti-abortion groups have launched campaigns attempting to persuade the Catholic university to rescind Obama 's invitation . In a letter to Notre Dame , Anthony J. Lauinger , National Right to Life Committee vice president , called Obama "  the abortion president " and said his invitation "  is a betrayal of the university 's mission and an affront to all who believe in the sanctity and dignity of human life . " The conservative Cardinal Newman Society has launched a Web site -- notredamescandal.com -- that , according to the site , has drawn 50,000 signatures to a petition opposing Obama 's appearance at the May 17 ceremony , at which Obama also is to receive an honorary degree . A White House statement released Tuesday said Obama is honored to be speaking at the university and welcomes the exchange of ideas on the hot-button topics . "  While he is honored to have the support of millions of people of all faiths , including Catholics with their rich tradition of recognizing the dignity of people , he does not govern with the expectation that everyone sees eye to eye with him on every position , " the White House said . " -LSB- T -RSB- he spirit of debate and healthy disagreement on important issues is part of what he loves about this country . " Obama will become the ninth sitting president to give the commencement speech at Notre Dame . Most recently , presidents Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush have spoken there . In a written statement on Tuesday , Notre Dame President John I. Jenkins noted that the university has been host to Democratic and Republican presidents and said the invitation does not mean the university agrees with all of Obama 's positions . "  We will honor Mr. Obama as an inspiring leader who faces many challenges -- the economy , two wars , and health care , immigration and education reform -- and is addressing them with intelligence , courage and honesty , " he said . "  It is of special significance that we will hear from our first African-American president , a person who has spoken eloquently and movingly about race in this nation . "  Racial prejudice has been a deep wound in America , and Mr. Obama has been a healer . " On abortion and stem-cell research , Jenkins said he views the invitation as "  a basis for further positive engagement . "	Bishop John D'Arcy cites Obama 's views about stem-cell research , abortion Obama has "  separated science from ethics , " bishop says Obama scheduled to be commencement speaker , get honorary degree University president : Obama invitation "  a basis for further positive engagement "
CNN  -- "  I want to be frozen on the hope that they 'll find whatever I died of and bring me back , " Larry King told a shocked group of dinner guests gathered at his Beverly Hills home for a party hosted by him and his wife , Shawn . "  CNN Presents : A Larry King Special : Dinner with the Kings " airs at 8 p.m. ET Sunday . No topic was off-limits when Conan O'Brien , Tyra Banks , Shaquille O'Neal , Seth MacFarlane , Jack Dorsey , Quincy Jones and Russell Brand discussed friendship , insecurities , success , worries , life , death and nearly everything in between . MacFarlane asked the CNN host whether he was "  maybe a little obsessed with your own mortality , like I am ? " "  Oh , I fear death , " King told the "  Family Guy " creator . "  My biggest fear is death , because I do n't think I 'm going anywhere . And since I do n't think that , and I do n't have a belief ... I 'm married to someone who has the belief , so she knows she 's going somewhere . " Although mortality was a topic of discussion , the dinner party was far from macabre . Not only did British funnyman Brand rummage through Shawn 's underwear drawer  on camera , no less  , the multicourse meal was prepared by Wolfgang Puck . "  This is big news , " O'Brien said . "  You would like to be frozen ? This is news to me . " "  It 's the only hedging of a bet , " answered King . The comedian and host of TBS 's  sister station to CNN  "  Conan , " still in shock , told the group , "  I just want to make sure that we stick with the headline here , which is that you wish to be frozen . " MacFarlane wondered aloud whether King wished to live forever . "  Yeah , you bet your ass , " King said . "  Here 's the thing , " O'Brien continued . . "  You just revealed that you want to be frozen ... " "  Why you hung on that ? " asked King . "  Listen , two things just happened , " O'Brien joked . "  You revealed you want your head chopped off and frozen , and Russell Brand went into your wife 's room and stole your underwear . And now you 're moving on with your prepared questions . " When the subject turned to friendship , King told the group that he had an "  unusual situation " because he remains friends with three individuals he 's known since the age of 10 . "  Well , these are people you fought in the Civil War with , Larry , " joked O'Brien . "  That 's a bond . When you 're fighting the Confederacy , that 's an incredible bond , Larry . " O'Neal told party guests that his mother is his best friend . "  We started out together in Newark , New Jersey , " explained the basketball great . "  And throughout all the tough times , she was there . She was really my real role model . My mother 's always been there for me . She 's my best friend . Before I do something or say something crazy , I always think about how it could affect her . " MacFarlane had similar sentiments . "  Both my parents were unbelievably supportive , " he said . "  They were ex-hippies and so , thank God , never wanted me to become a lawyer or anything like that . My mom used to call every Monday morning after ` Family Guy ' would air , and either rave about the show or say , ` Eh , I did n't think this was as funny as some of the other ones . ' And I would always look forward to that call . " MacFarlane lost his mother last year after a battle with cancer . O'Brien opened up about the insecurities within him that plague him to this day . He talked about a group of inner-city kids who came to visit the "  Conan " set . "  One of the girls -- she must have been 16 , 17 years old -- said to me , ` How do you get over your insecurity ? When does that go away ? ' And I said , ` You never get over it . ' And she was shocked . " Jones also chimed in on insecurities and success . "  The prime rule back in the '40s was , you have to be humble with your creativity and gracious with your success . We did n't think about money or fame ever . " King asked Twitter inventor Dorsey what makes him angry . "  Inaction , " answered Dorsey . "  People seeing something just inhumane going wrong and just not doing anything about it . " King asked Banks what people 's biggest misunderstanding is about her . "  When I created my show , " said the fashion and beauty guru , "  I also created a persona on ` Top Model , ' and it 's a character . ... That is a character . I do n't do that . " MacFarlane told the group , "  I think people , because of ` Family Guy ' , think that I 'm a heartless frat guy , playboy type . Could not be further from the truth , I 'm actually very shy . I fall asleep each night with a book in my hands . My favorite movie is ` The Sound of Music . ' " As dinner wrapped up , King asked his guests what they were most grateful for . He turned to Dorsey first , and Brand reminded him to do so "  in 140 characters or less . " Dorsey said he is most grateful for "  being able to wake up every day and do what I love . " King spoke to CNN.com about "  Dinner with the Kings . " "  The problem was editing it , " he said . "  We did about two hours , but had to edit it down to a one-hour show . " King said that he would love to do a few dinner party specials a year . "  I hope people enjoy it , " King said . "  I hope that enough people like it that we do it on a regular basis . I 've done a lot of things in my life and this was one of the big kicks . I think it 's a great idea and I think that it works . " King also opened up about some misconceptions about himself . "  People sometimes think I 'm sort of all-knowing , " he explained . "  When you reach a certain age and people see you on television , they look at you and think , ` Wow ! Everything must be great ! ' Well , everything is n't always great . You can be hailed on the streetcorner , but you still have to go home and take out the garbage . You have one kid who does n't want to go to school , another has an earache . ... "  Here 's an example : My wife is late getting somewhere . One kid is yelling , another kid is out on his bike , and he has n't come home , and I 'm out in front of the house looking for him , and a tour bus goes by . So I got ta stop and smile and wave at a tour bus . It 's like leading two lives , and it 's crazy . "	Larry King : "  My biggest fear is death , because I do n't think I 'm going anywhere " Conan O'Brien on Larry 's friends : "  These are people you fought in the Civil War with " Tyra Banks on "  Top Model " : "  That is a character . I do n't do that " Seth MacFarlane : He 's not "  heartless frat guy , " and his favorite film is "  Sound of Music "
CNN  -- LeVar Burton 's campaign to revive "  Reading Rainbow " just got a big boost . Actor and "  Family Guy " creator Seth MacFarlane has pledged to match donations to the effort , Burton announced on his Kickstarter page . In a video posted there , Burton calls it a "  stupendous offer . " "  Over the next five remaining days of the campaign , Seth has agreed to match dollar for dollar every pledge made up to $ 1 million , " Burton says in the the video . "  It 's going to give us the ability to give the Reading Rainbow product away to many more classrooms in need . This is huge ! " The "  Reading Rainbow " television series aired on PBS from 1983 to 2006 . In a recent interview with CNN 's Brian Stelter , Burton explained that two years ago the "  Reading Rainbow " app was released to keep the tradition of increasing literacy among children alive . His Kickstarter campaign , Burton said , is aimed at helping that program expand . "  This additional money will help us really have universal access , " Burton said . "  And help us give the product away to more schools . " As of Friday more than $ 4 million had been pledged . LeVar Burton 's ` Reading Rainbow ' Kickstarter exceeds goal on first day	"  Family Guy " creator will match money given , going forward Burton is trying to get the program into more classrooms So far more than $ 4 million has been pledged
Ohio inmate Dennis McGuire appeared to gasp and convulse for roughly 10 minutes before he died Thursday by lethal injection using a new combination of drugs , reporters who witnessed it said . McGuire was convicted in 1994 of the rape and murder of 22-year-old Joy Stewart , who was seven months pregnant . Her relatives were at Southern Ohio Correctional Facility in Lucasville to witness his death , according to tweets from television reporter Sheila Gray . McGuire 's "  children and daughter-in-law were crying and visibly upset , " Gray tweeted . She said McGuire , before the drugs took effect , thanked Stewart 's family for a letter he apparently received . "  To my children , I 'm sorry . I love you . I 'm going to heaven and I 'll see you there when you come , " McGuire reportedly said , according to CNN affiliate WDTN . Columbus Dispatch reporter Alan Johnson said that the whole execution process took 24 minutes , and that McGuire appeared to be gasping for air for 10 to 13 minutes . "  He gasped deeply . It was kind of a rattling , guttural sound . There was kind of a snorting through his nose . A couple of times , he definitely appeared to be choking , " WDTN quoted Johnson as saying . The convicted murderer was pronounced dead at 10:53 a.m. ET . The execution generated controversy because , like many states , Ohio has been forced to find new drug protocols after European-based manufacturers banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions -- among them , Danish-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital . According to Ohio 's corrections department , the state used a combination of the drugs midazolam , a sedative ; and the painkiller hydromorphone . Both the length of time it took for McGuire to die and his gasping are not typical for an execution , said Howard Nearman , an anesthesiologist at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland . "  Why it took 24 minutes , I really ca n't tell you , " he said . "  It just makes you wonder -- what was given ? What was the timing , and what were the doses ? " In an opinion piece written for CNN this week , a law professor noted that McGuire 's attorneys argued he would "  suffocate to death in agony and terror . " "  The state disagrees . But the truth is that no one knows exactly how McGuire will die , how long it will take or what he will experience in the process , " wrote Elisabeth A. Semel , clinic professor of law and director of the Death Penalty Clinic at U.C. Berkeley School of Law . Speaking on behalf of McGuire 's legal team , attorney Allen Bohnert called on the governor to impose a moratorium on future executions because of what took place Thursday . "  At this point , it is entirely premature to consider this execution protocol to be anything other than a failed , agonizing experiment , " he said in a statement . "  The people of the State of Ohio should be appalled at what was done here today in all of our names . Ohio , like its citizens , must follow the law . The state has failed . " CNN 's Sonny Hostin said that McGuire 's execution will likely spark debate over whether how inmates react to the use of the drugs constitutes cruel and unusual punishment prohibited by the U.S. Constitution . "  Whenever there 's a change in the lethal injection process clearly it 's subject to legal proceedings and perhaps we will see those , " Hostin said . Ohio ran out of pentobarbital , which is a narcotic and sedative barbiturate , in September , according to JoEllen Smith , spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction . In response to that shortage , the department amended its execution policy to allow for the use of midazolam and hydromorphone . Stewart 's body was discovered by hikers near a creek in southwestern Ohio in February of 1989 . Her throat was cut and she had been sodomized . Death penalty states scramble for lethal injection drugs There are currently 138 men and one woman on death row in Ohio . The state was set to execute death row inmate Ron Phillips using the new drug combination last year , but Gov. John Kasich granted the convicted killer a stay of execution pending a review of a possible organ donation to his family members . Death penalty in the U.S. gradually declining Serial killer Joseph Franklin executed after hours of delay A death row interview	Execution was "  a failed , agonizing experiment , " attorney says A medical expert questions why the process took 24 minutes Convicted killer Dennis McGuire reportedly says "  I 'm going to heaven " Facing shortages , states are scrambling to find new drug protocols
Paris  CNN  -- Francois Hollande defeated French President Nicolas Sarkozy in a presidential runoff Sunday , signaling a shift to the left as the country and Europe fight to dig out of a weak economy . In a victory speech to supporters in Tulle , Hollande declared his win "  a great date for our country , and a new start for Europe . " The Socialist challenger promised to govern for all of France . "  Many people have been waiting for this moment for many long years . Others , younger , have never known such a time . ... I am proud to be capable to bring about hope again , " he told the cheering crowd . "  Tonight , there are not two Frances . ... There is only one France , only one nation that is united with the same destiny , " Hollande said . The president-elect , who will be the nation 's first left-wing president since Francois Mitterrand left office in 1995 , suggested there was a sense of relief in many European countries because of his win . "  Austerity can no longer be something that is inevitable , " he said . Later , Hollande went to Paris , where he addressed a large crowd at the Bastille . Supporters waved flags and shouted his name . "  I know what many people feel -- years and years of wounds , of ruptures , and we have to repair , recover , unite . That is what we 're going to do together , " he vowed . Hollande congratulated Sarkozy , who earlier conceded to Hollande as results from exit polls and official tallies in the runoff election came in . "  I carry the entire responsibility for this defeat , and I 'm going to say why . I fought for the values of responsibility , and I 'm not a man who does not accept his responsibilities , " Sarkozy said from his Paris campaign headquarters , as members of the crowd shouted , "  No ! " "  I 'm ready to become a French person amongst French people , and more than ever I have the love for my country deeply ingrained in my heart , " Sarkozy said . With almost all of the votes counted , Hollande was leading with 51.6 % to Sarkozy 's 48.4 % , the nation 's Interior Ministry said . Voter turnout was reported at more than 80 % . Exit polls said Hollande won 51.9 % of the vote , France 2 television reported . Crowds roared at the center-left candidate 's campaign headquarters as the exit poll results came out Sunday evening . Celebratory car horns blared along the Champs-Elysees in Paris . "  It 's a great night , full of joy for so many young people all across the country , " said Thierry Marchal-Beck , president of the Movement of Young Socialists . U.S. President Barack Obama called Hollande shortly after results were in to congratulate the newly elected president and invite him to the White House . Sarkozy had fought to keep his job amid a wave of discontent over his inability to rein in unemployment . He defended his economic record despite low growth and unemployment at about 10 % , saying the impact of Europe 's debt crisis could have been far worse . France is a key player in plans to lead the eurozone out of its debt crisis , making the election vital to the region . Sarkozy 's defeat marks the latest -- and most significant -- of at least half a dozen European leaders swept from office during the eurozone economic crisis , including the Greek and Italian prime ministers . France 's vote came the same day as the Greek parliamentary election . Exit polls in that country indicated Greece 's ruling coalition appeared headed for steep losses , while parties on the far left and far right were poised to make significant gains amid anger over austerity measures . Hollande and Sarkozy traded insults last week in the only televised head-to-head debate of the campaign . Sarkozy labeled Hollande a liar and a "  little slanderer , " while Hollande accused the president of shirking his responsibilities , cronyism and favoring the privileged over France 's poor . Both candidates reached out to France 's undecided voters since the first-round vote on April 22 left them the only two standing . Centrist Francois Bayrou , who took 9 % of the first round vote , delivered a boost to Hollande 's campaign Thursday when he said he would vote for the Socialist and urged his supporters to vote according to their conscience . Sarkozy has been president since 2007 . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Hala Gorani , Saskya Vandoorne and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : President-elect Francois Hollande addresses a large crowd of supporters in Paris NEW : With nearly all of the ballots counted , he leads with 51.6 % of the vote Hollande declares his victory "  a new start for Europe " President Nicolas Sarkozy concedes , saying he carries the responsibility for the defeat
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The case of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbesset al Megrahi is "  closed , " Libya 's transitional justice minister told reporters . "  The entire world knows that Abdelbesset al Megrahi was tried in the Lockerbie case and he was convicted and then his case was appealed and he was convicted again , " Mohammed al-Alagi told reporters Monday . "  Then the Scottish authorities and the British government decided later to release him for humanitarian reasons . "  As Libyan justice minister , I believe this case is closed and a man ca n't be tried twice for the same alleged crime , " al-Alagi said . Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 . All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed when the Boeing 747 , bound for New York from London , crashed in the town of Lockerbie , Scotland . Scotland 's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009 after his attorneys and Scottish authorities said he was dying of cancer and only had three months to live . He received a hero 's welcome in Tripoli , enraging many in the United States and Britain . And with the recent overthrow of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi , politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have called for al Megrahi to be sent back to prison . "  They have assured us that they understand the sensitivities surrounding this case and they will give the matter the consideration it richly deserves , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters after a meeting with Libya 's transitional leaders in early September . Jamal Ben Noor , a senior official with Libya 's Justice and Human Rights Ministry , said Tuesday the government has not received any official request from Scottish authorities regarding the case . But he said Libya will cooperate if such a request is received from the Scottish or British government to reveal documents or provide access to individuals . Late last month , CNN 's Nic Robertson found al Megrahi under the care of his family in his palatial Tripoli villa . He was bedridden , comatose , and surviving on oxygen and an intravenous drip .	Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed Scotland 's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009 Politicians have called for al Megrahi to be sent back to prison
CNN  -- For the first time , Apple has launched not one , but two iPhones at its now-annual iPhone launch event . As the rumors predicted , Apple has split its phone line into a premium all singing , all dancing flagship phone for the early tech adopters and one that will play to the so-called "  budget " crowd looking for an iPhone with a more colourful , youthful approach . The expected result ? A successful one . The iPhone 5C gives Apple an affordable phone for those that it has yet to lure into buying an iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S . At the same time it has helped create a greater gulf between the two devices that was never really there with the iPhone 4S and the iPhone 5 . Now , early tech adopters who opt for the iPhone 5S -- compared to their parents or kids that will more than likely opt for the iPhone 5C -- can claim a faster , more powerful phone . It has greater connectivity , an abundance of sensors , including the new addition of fingerprint scanner called TouchID , and more premium materials . WATCH MORE : Will Apple get its mojo back ? It 's a clever move from Apple as it protects its justification for higher prices . It has , at the same time , created a phone for "  the people , " that in reality is just as powerful as the previous flagship , the iPhone 5 , at a knocked-down price . Not that the competition will be saying that . SIM-free , the new iPhone 5C is still expensive compared to the HTC One and the Samsung Galaxy S4 . It might be budget , but Apple believes even this "  cheaper " phone is the best on the market . Even though it comes with an "  unashamedly plastic shell , " in the words of Jony Ive at Apple , you are still going to pay for it . That should n't be a problem . In the hand , it feels great and very much akin to the iPhone 3G and iPhone 3GS we all raved about over five years ago . READ MORE : Hands-on impressions New hardware combined with new software is certainly enough for Apple at the moment . The naysayers will say that it 's not , that Apple has failed to innovate here and that there is n't much to woo you from Android with its treats and tricks offered by Samsung , Sony , and HTC . Apple 's approach has always been about simplicity , about delivering a device that is easy to use , a device that is the best it can make . If you look at that remit , Apple 's done it again . It has n't allowed itself to be sidetracked with gimmicks that sound impressive but are never used . Android users will most likely tell you that they 've never used face recognition to unlock their phone , although they 've probably tried it . There is no eye-scrolling tech , movie modes that automatically make films from your footage , or ways to determine what wine you are drinking by snapping the label . READ MORE : How your finger can become a password That , from a marketing message , could make the playability of the two devices sound limiting . But Apple prefers the tried and tested solid approach . The phone just works . These two phones might sway some Android users across and probably sweep up most of the former BlackBerry users . More importantly , they will open the iPhone to a global audience that is looking for its first smartphone , especially in the new markets like China and Japan .	Apple has launched two new iPhones , one for early adopters and one for budget crowd Tech journalist Stuart Miles says Apple is staying within its remit of keeping things simple Most importantly , the company is expanding in new markets like China and Japan
InStyle.com  -- So you 're finally ready to settle down and make that marriage proposal ? There 's no better time to do it than engagement season , which , lucky for you , is now ! Get inspired by these uber-romantic celebrity proposals . Brandon Routh popped the question to Courtney Ford while on a picnic . Tia Mowry and Cory Hardrict Although the set of a slasher movie seems an unlikely place for romance to bloom , that 's just where it happened for actors Tia Mowry and Cory Hardrict . Shortly after shooting began in 1999 on their film "  Hollywood Horror , " the co-stars started spending time together . Seven years later , on Christmas Day 2006 , Hardrict , 32 , told Mowry , 30 , that he wanted to give her a promise ring . Then , as her entire family looked on , the "  Lincoln Heights " actor yelled , "  Psych ! " and got down on one knee to present her with a 1.5-carat diamond engagement ring . Antonio Pierce and Jocelyn Maldonado Antonio Pierce , an NFL linebacker , met Jocelyn Maldonado during a celebrity appearance at an ESPN Fantasy Football Draft . Maldonado , a model at the event , instantly caught his eye . Pierce and Maldonado  who now hosts Mets Weekly  were inseparable over the next six months . In February 2007 , Pierce treated Maldonado to a helicopter ride above Manhattan , New York , before dining at Brooklyn 's The River Caf . Famous for its chocolate Brooklyn Bridge cake , Pierce conspired with the restaurant 's manager to place the engagement ring atop the confection , which was covered with pink rose petals . Howie Dorough and Leigh Boniello Backstreet Boy Howard "  Howie " Dorough got more than he bargained for after hiring Leigh Boniello to be the band 's webmaster in December 2000 . Boniello went on tour with the group and quickly grew close to Dorough . Six years later , the couple attended a New Year 's Eve party at the New Jersey home of Boniello 's father . "  I figured , what better timing , " says Dorough , "  because all of her family was going to be there , including her 92-year-old grandmother . " Just before the stroke of midnight , Dorough made a toast and presented Boniello with a custom-designed three-stone diamond engagement ring . Brandon Routh and Courtney Ford Three years before actor Brandon Routh donned those famous blue tights , he tended bar at Lucky Strike Lanes in Hollywood . During a party there in 2003 , actress Courtney Ford repeatedly poured out the drinks he made her as a ruse to chat him up . "  I kept asking him for another drink , telling him the one before was too strong , " she recalls . In 2006 , Routh purchased the 3-carat diamond ring that had caught Ford 's eye during an earlier visit to Neil Lane . But since the two were traveling for the Superman Returns press tour , Routh asked Gilbert Adler , one of the film 's producers , to hold the ring until they arrived in England . "  Poor man ! " says Routh . "  He carried it around for two and a half weeks . " Finally , while picnicking in Glastonbury , Routh popped the question . Roselyn Sanchez and Eric Winter Roselyn Sanchez and Eric Winter became friends after meeting at a party in 2006 and Sanchez immediately pegged him as perfect husband material . She found out for certain that he felt the same way just two days before Christmas 2007 , under a full moon at midnight , in a bay off the coast of the Puerto Rican island Vieques . The two were seated in a double kayak , taking in the bioluminescent organisms shimmering in the water all alone , except for a tour guide in a second kayak . The scene should have been pure bliss , except that Sachez was concerned when their guide speedily paddled away . "  The guy knew to take off so Eric could propose , but imagine how I felt floating in this huge bay in the middle of the night with nobody around , " Sanchez explains . "  I started calling back , ` Senor , hello ! Come back ! ' until I realized something was going on . " After an "  amazing speech , " Winter pulled out a 4.3-carat brilliant-cut diamond ring by Michael Barin , Sanchez 's favorite jeweler . But her joy was soon laced with anxiety over the fact that such a costly bauble was surrounded by acres of sea . "  I said , ` Put it away , please . I do n't want it to drop in the water ! ' " Anna Chlumsky and Shaun So Actress Anna Chlumsky , 27 , best known for her role in "  My Girl , " was awaiting her seven-year anniversary with college sweetheart and army reservist Shaun So , 28 , and hoping he might pop the question . While they were having breakfast at a caf in her neighborhood a week before their anniversary , Chlumsky described a cocktail ring a friend was selling . So , who had been carrying an engagement ring for two weeks in anticipation of the perfect moment , pulled out the 1-carat , cathedral-mounted , radiant-cut bauble and asked , "  Does it look anything like this ? " Guiliana DePandi & Bill Rancic It started out all business : Giuliana DePandi was interviewing Bill Rancic , first-season winner on "  The Apprentice " and co-host of the Chicago , Illinois , TV show "  In the Loop with iVillage . " But when the cameras stopped rolling in April 2006 , a whirlwind -- and adventurous -- romance began . Eight months later , when Rancic , 36 , popped the question during a chopper flight over Chicago , complete with champagne , Giordano 's deep-dish pizza  DePandi 's favorite  and Michael Bubl tunes piped into the headset . "  Bill told me we were going to look at Christmas lights , " says DePandi . "  It was dark in the helicopter , so I did n't really get a look at the ring until the next day , when I went into shock for the second time , " she says of the 4-carat cushion-cut diamond in a micro pav setting Rancic helped design . Jeri Ryan and Chistophe Eme "  He was hot ! " Shark star Jeri Ryan , 39 , recalls of first glimpsing her future husband , Christophe Em , 38 , at a food-related charity event four years ago . "  He looked good in his chef 's hat , and he had this ornery little spark in his eye that I really enjoy . " After dating for two years , the couple opened Ortolan , their celebrated French restaurant in Los Angeles , California . The proposal came soon after . "  One night , Christophe covered my eyes and took me into our bedroom , " recalls Ryan . There the die-hard romantic had placed candles , champagne and a canvas painted with the messages "  And you come with me forever " in French and "  Grow old along with me " in English . Em then presented Ryan with a made-to-order cushion-cut solitaire set in pav diamonds . Jason Priestley and Naomi Lowde Fate has looked after Jason Priestley . On Valentine 's Day 2000 the actor met Naomi Lowde , a makeup artist from Hertfordshire , England , while walking back from a play rehearsal in London . "  I was smitten , " says Priestley , now 36 . The Beverly Hills , 90210 alum and Lowde , 27 , immediately began dating , and in 2002 they moved back to California together . That 's when fate took another turn : On August 11 , 2002 , Priestley was driving his race car on a Kentucky track when he hit a wall at 180 mph . Though he sustained three skull fractures , a broken back and a bleeding artery in his neck , he pulled through . "  It was a tough time , but it was also magical because we kept each other 's spirits high , " says Lowde . "  We pushed two beds together in the hospital and put Swifty , our French bulldog , in the middle . We were together 24 hours a day , seven days a week , for three months . " In May 2004 Priestley arranged another trip to London , England -- to the very street corner where he and Naomi first met , where he presented her with an emerald-cut , three-diamond ring by Steven Pomerantz . Rebecca Romijn and Jerry O'Connell What happens in Vegas does n't always stay in Vegas -- and for Rebecca Romijn and Jerry O'Connell , that 's not a bad thing . Nearly four years ago the two ran into each other poolside at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas , Nevada . "  I was working on a documentary , and Jerry offered to help , " recalls Romijn , 35 . "  He spent a week operating the microphone , but later he told me he would have done anything . I do n't think he really cared about the project , if you know what I mean . " For their first date the couple went to see the Blue Man Group with friends , and O'Connell had Romijn in stitches . "  It was this whole Jerry show in my ear . That 's how it is with Jerry . You get sucked into it ! " Evidently : A year and a half later , on September 18 , 2005 , O'Connell , 33 , proposed to Romijn in New York with a diamond ring from Simon G. "  I got down on one knee , asked her to marry me and said , ` You better say yes ' a couple of times -- there was a little bit of a pause on her part , " says O'Connell . Romijn 's take ? "  Not true ! " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tia Mowry and Cory Hardrict got engaged on the set of a slasher movie Backstreet Boy Howard "  Howie " Dorough proposed on New Year 's Eve Rebecca Romijn and Jerry O'Connell first met in Las Vegas , Nevada Jason Priestley proposed on the street corner where he and Naomi Lowde met
CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has called on his team to continue their rejuvenated bid to win the English Premier League title in the wake of the horrific broken leg suffered by young midfielder Aaron Ramsey . The 19-year-old Wales international has been ruled out for the rest of the season after sustaining fractures to the tibia and fibula in his right leg in Saturday 's 3-1 victory against Stoke City . The injury , caused by a challenge from Stoke 's new England squad member Ryan Shawcross , brought back memories of the horror break suffered by Arsenal teammate Eduardo against Birmingham two years ago . Ramsey is seen as a star of the future , having impressed after making 29 appearances in his second season with the club . The Londoners battled back from 1-0 down at Stoke to move to within three points of leaders Chelsea , who had two players sent off in a 4-2 defeat at home to Manchester City on Saturday . Wenger believes his team can still win the title despite recent defeats to Chelsea and second-placed Manchester United . "  It will be tight until the end , " the Frenchman told the club 's official Web site . "  But this group is so strong mentally and have a unity , so this will give us one more reason to fight until the end and do it for him . "  We had some other problems two years ago . But on Saturday we had a midfield of Nasri , Fabregas , Ramsey , Song , Eboue . They have an average of 20 or 21 years old . Up front , Bendtner is 21 years old . "  At their age , to handle the game like they did is absolutely remarkable . " Wenger 's dedication to "  the beautiful game " has often seen his team criticized for being "  soft " but he said that he often tells his players off for not committing to tackles . "  I encourage my players to play and be committed , " he said . "  I have a go at them when they do n't put their foot in sometimes . "  But as well , sometimes I nearly feel guilty to do that because when Aaron goes for the ball like he did on Saturday and gets done like he did , it is not an easy situation . "  But the way I try to play the game , I believe , is the right way . When we do n't win I get a lot of stick because of that way , but I still prefer to continue to play like that . "  We will respect the game , the opponents and try to give pleasure to people who watch us . "	Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey ruled out for rest of season with badly-broken leg The 19-year-old Wales international suffered injury in 3-1 victory at Stoke on Saturday Manager Arsene Wenger calls on team to win English Premier League title in his honor Third-placed Arsenal now within three points of leaders Chelsea , who lost at weekend
On the ninth floor of Kunming 's No. 1 People 's Hospital , overflowing patient beds crammed the narrow corridor Sunday afternoon as anxious family members sat by their loved ones . Like many others around him , Dong Wenxian sported a bandage around his head and appeared motionless in bed . "  He 's sleeping -- though his condition is n't stable yet , " his daughter Dong Huixian told CNN . "  There 's still metal in his skull -- but he 's already the lucky one . " The elder Dong is one of more than 140 people injured in a deadly attack Saturday night when ten knife-wielding assailants stormed the Kunming Railway Station in southwestern China , seemingly hacking at anyone in sight and killing at least 29 people . The U.S. State Department has condemned the attack , calling it a "  horrific , senseless act of violence " in a statement . Chinese President Xi Jinping has pledged to "  severely punish the terrorists in accordance with the law . " Authorities said police shot four perpetrators dead on the scene and captured a wounded female suspect . They have also linked the rampage to separatists from the country 's far western Xinjiang region , where tensions between Han Chinese and the largely Muslim Uyghurs have sometimes turned violent . READ MORE : Understanding China 's restive far west Dong , a 50-year-old street vendor from the countryside , was trying to buy a train ticket home to visit his sick mother when he was hacked . "  His whole face was covered in blood , " his wife described the sight greeting the family at the hospital , which has received most of the people injured in the attack . "  We 're now waiting for him to go through surgery , " said Huixian , the 17-year-old daughter . "  But those with even more severe injuries need to be operated on first . " "  Those Xinjiang people are just horrible and I hate their guts , " she added . A spate of violent incidents has rocked restive Xinjiang in recent months . Only two weeks ago , police announced the death of 11 terrorists in a foiled attack in Aksu Prefecture . Last October , a jeep carrying a Uyghur family plowed into crowds in front of Tiananmen Gate in central Beijing , killing two tourists and injuring 40 . Authorities have responded by intensifying their crackdown on suspected Islamic separatists , including the arrest last month of prominent Uyghur scholar Ilham Tohti . The killings in Kunming -- a city of more than six million residents , known for its mild weather and leisurely pace -- shocked the nation and occurred at a particularly sensitive time as Chinese lawmakers are set to start their annual session Wednesday to hear the first government work report under President Xi 's leadership . Far away from Beijing but a short drive from Dong 's hospital is a small , nameless street in front of the massive Kunming Railway Station . Lined with supermarkets , restaurants and a post office , it was again bustling with passengers hauling luggage Sunday afternoon , the blood stains in the area already washed away . Uniformed police , SWAT teams and paramilitary troops patrolling the station 's sprawling ground regularly passed the street on foot and in cars . Food sellers on the sidewalk exchanged details they had seen or heard about the carnage . READ MORE : China 's train station killings described as a terrorist attack Chang Changwei 's mobile phone shop was open but his mind kept wandering back to the night before when screaming crowds from the station suddenly ran toward his street . "  So many people were trying to find a place to hide , " the 27-year-old shop owner recalled to CNN . "  The restaurant next to me and I let everyone in . " "  I asked my wife and mother to bring my son inside , " he continued . "  Then I grabbed some metal pipes for myself and a few others , and said , we have to stick together to take them down . " The attackers never came this way , but his mother 's recollection of the scene was more harrowing . "  I saw four people die nearby , " said 58-year-old Hu Xuerong . "  One person was lying face down in the blood with a knife still stuck in his back . " GALLERY : Kunming terror attack , in photographs The most heartbreaking moment for Hu came later , however . Her 3-year-old grandson , after witnessing the horror , told her he was too scared to sleep . Across Chinese cyberspace , stories of the perpetrators not sparing children or the elderly during their killing spree have spread quickly and stirred the strongest emotions . In social media , some users ' attempts to reflect on the root causes -- including waves of Han migration into Xinjiang and the treatment of Uyghurs in their native land -- to the latest terror were quickly drowned out by the overwhelming sound of fury . Chang , the shop owner , admitted he 'd never given much thought to Xinjiang separatists . After the attack Saturday night , however , he 's not sure what can be done to stop them for one simple reason . "  When they started hacking at people , they were already prepared to die , " he said . "  They are not afraid to die . "	Families of victims are struggling to make sense of the terror attack in Kunming At least 29 were killed in the frenzied attack at the city 's railway station The attack , attributed to Uyghur separatists , sparked fury on Chinese social media
On canvas , Vladimir Putin appears stern , Tony Blair looks relaxed and Junichiro Koizumi smiles broadly . Through paint and brushstroke , former President George W. Bush says he has found not only a rewarding hobby but a unique way to express himself and his impressions of 30 presidents , prime ministers and other world leaders during his time in office . These never-before-seen portraits , which were done by looking at photographs , will go on public display Saturday at his presidential library in Dallas . The exhibit is titled "  The Art of Leadership : A President 's Personal Diplomacy . " It will also include photographs and artifacts of his interactions with these leaders . "  I think they 're going to be  like  , ` Wow , George Bush is a painter , " ' Bush told NBC 's "  Today " show in an interview on Friday . "  I 'm sure when they heard I was painting ,  they said  , ` Wow , I look forward to seeing a stick figure he painted of me . ' " One work he is most proud of is that of his father , former President George H.W. Bush . "  I painted a gentle soul , " he said . The Bush Presidential Center is using these paintings to help broaden the image of Bush and is hoping to show "  what it takes to be a personal diplomat , " said Margaret Spellings , president of the center , emphasizing one-on-one relationships with his fellow heads of state were very important to him . Most of the world leaders portrayed have not seen the art yet . George W. Bush to unveil paintings The rebirth of cool For newer generations the artwork , and the buzz around them , will show a new side of Bush . The 43rd President has enjoyed a resurgence of popularity , a bump aided partly by his work trying to save the lives of Africans who have AIDS and efforts to help veterans , including helping them to find jobs . Forty-nine percent viewed him favorably while 46 % saw him unfavorably according to a poll last June from Gallup . When Bush left office in 2009 , only 40 % of Americans held a favorable opinion of him , a number which sunk to 35 % in March of that year before beginning a slow climb out from under water . He 's also earned nods from such publications as BuzzFeed and Vanity Fair that noted his counterculture hipness in painting outside of the art establishment and taking selfies . Though the former President has opened a new chapter of his life with painting , there were reminders of the controversies surrounding his presidency . Just this week , the Senate Intelligence Committee voted to seek declassification of its report on the secret prisons and interrogation techniques used by his administration on terror suspects after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Bush also has refused to publicly discuss politics . In a video accompanying the exhibit , he said of the Dalai Lama : "  I painted him as sweetly as I could . " For Blair , the former British Prime Minister and one of the leaders he spent the most time with , Bush said he painted "  with a lot of affection " and was trying to convey "  a passionate person and a reliable person . " After reading an essay about Winston Churchill 's art hobby , Bush took up painting two years ago . "  I gave it a whirl , " he said in the video . He hopes the paintings help convey his feelings and friendships to these leaders . He told NBC this will help "  make sure the last chapters of my life are full . " Opinion : Bush paints , but is he any good ? "  I want to get better " Bush said he still has a lot to learn with this hobby . "  I am not a great artist , " he told his daughter Jenna Bush Hager , who is a "  Today " show correspondent , in the NBC interview . "  I paint a lot . I want to get better . " He has his share of critics . New York Magazine Art critic Jerry Salz said of some of Bush 's previous artwork "  no natural gifts $ " except the desire to do this . " Bush 's family said he is very disciplined and dedicated to his work and will often spend hours in his new studio with music playing . Family and friends said he is very excited about his work . "  He talks enthusiastically about it , " Spellings said . Bush "  utterly loves it . " Bush uses various photos to see facial expressions , clothing and other attributes that he then uses to craft his paintings . He started off doing some smaller things like animals . Then an art professor at a local university suggested he try doing world leaders because he was good at capturing details . He was initially reluctant to share his work publicly . However , his paintings first came to light after a hacker last year obtained private Bush family emails , which included photos of some of his work . Some of the other paintings featured dogs . But other paintings were self-portraits of him in the shower and the bathtub while he was looking in a mirror . "  It 's an invasion of one 's privacy . And yeah , I was annoyed , " Bush told NBC . "  And nor do I want my paintings to get out . And I found it very interesting the first painting that came out was the one I painted of myself in the bathtub . I did so because I wanted to kind of shock my instructor . " Bush on painting : ' I see colors differently '	George W. Bush 's paintings will go on public display Saturday at his presidential library The never-before-seen paintings are of 30 world leaders ; Bush worked from photographs Bush has enjoyed a boost in popularity since he left office aided by charitable works , painting Bump in the polls comes against a backdrop of criticism over his administration 's torture tactics
Odzala-Kokoua National Park , Republic of Congo  CNN  -- "  The poachers are usually hiding firearms in the fishing camps , " Mathieu Eckel briefs us as his anti-poaching unit 's shaky metal boats speed down one of the rivers that snakes it way through the Odzala-Kokoua National Park . The river 's dark waters are stunningly framed by shades of green and cascading vines in this remote corner of the Republic of Congo . As Eckel 's eco-guard unit turns a corner , he gives the order to cut the engines . We 're approaching the first suspected site . The boats coast silently against the hum of the forest . The team quietly assaults , but the camp is deserted . A member of the team checks the ashes . "  It 's still warm , they must have left early morning , we missed them by a couple hours , " he says . For the next grueling , hot eight hours , the same scenario repeats itself . Then , suddenly around a bend , the unit spots rising smoke . They rush ashore , fan out and within seconds the first gunshot rings out . The men sprint through the dense and disorienting terrain , forcing their way though the undergrowth and knee-deep water as even more bursts of gunfire echo through the forest . Pumped on adrenaline , eco-guard Brice Moupele animatedly re-enacts what happened when he saw the poachers . "  I yelled ` Stop , stop ! ' and shot in the air , " he says . "  The man tried to shoot at me . I tackled him and grabbed his gun , but he was able to escape . " Moupele happily displays the captured weapon . The team finds the poachers ' canoe , weighed down with fresh elephant meat . An eco-guard lifts up a portion of the elephant 's trunk , still dripping blood . He lifts up heavy chunks of elephant flesh , searching for weapons and tusk on the bottom of the wooden canoe . "  This is what they use to cut off the tusks " Eckel says , holding up a bloodied ax . It 's a sickening reminder of a trade that has decimated the park 's elephant population . The non-profit group African Parks -- which runs Odzala -- estimates that Central Africa has lost 62 % of its forest elephant population in the last decade . In the week we spent at the park , we only saw one alive . Opinion : How to end the elephant slaughter "  The ivory we get , it 's less than 1 % " Eckel estimates . "  In this area , it makes a lot of money . It 's very difficult to say , maybe one or more elephant is killed a day . " Eckel describes the fight to protect what 's left as guerrilla warfare carried out by just 76 eco-guards patrolling an area that is 13,500 km2  8,390 square miles  -- about the size of Connecticut . Hardly enough , but around 40 % of the team members are former poachers themselves . "  They are really motivated to stop the poaching and they know how the poachers work , so it 's easy for them to think like them , " Eckel explains . It 's part of a program developed by Eckel in the past year in which poachers are given amnesty if they hand over their weapons and confess . But it 's still a tough sell in an area where villages live off poaching and there are no other alternatives . The unit 's successes have n't made them any friends . Members often find themselves pursuing neighbors , friends and even family members . They have all been threatened . Frank Bolangonga tells us three men assaulted his wife down a dark side street in his village . "  She went to buy petrol at the market , " he says . "  When she was on her way back home they attacked her , tried to rape her , but she was strong . She pulled back and her dress ripped and she ran away . " The threats intensify after arrests and raids , and did so even more after the team brought in Ghislain Ngondjo , better known as "  Pepito . " Vianney Evoura , who used to poach for Pepito back in 2004 , testified against him in court . They live in the same village and Pepito 's relatives have vowed revenge . "  His mother promised to poison me , " Evoura says . "  I do n't go out after dark unless I am with five or six other people , I do n't eat out . I am always on alert . " African Parks headquarters is just a 10-minute drive from Pepito 's village , which has forced Eckel to send his own family away . "  There was threats of attack on the camp where we live , my family was with me at this time . I do n't want to take the risk for them because of my job , " he tells us . But the toughest challenge for Eckel and his team is government corruption . He does n't trust for a second that the government will follow any leads after the bust on the poachers ' camp . The team finds four guns , one of which Eckel says is military issue . Of all of the weapons the unit has in its stockpile -- a combination of those handed over in the amnesty program and those seized in raids -- the majority come from military stock . "  The military sells firearms to the poachers , " Eckel claims . "  Sometime we catch military with their firearms inside the park . " In an area where the lines between poachers and protectors tend to blur because of village and family ties , at times the team ca n't even trust itself . "  To find this in the Congo you must have contact with a ranger , " Eckel says , showing a compass found at the poachers ' camp . "  It 's a silver one and it 's not an old one . " Also found during the raid was a cellphone . Dogs help to sniff out poaching The team torches the camp to send a message and sets off down the river with the poachers ' canoe in tow as bright orange flames engulf the ramshackle huts . But it 's far from over . The next morning , Eckel is busy drawing a map in the sand , strategizing the best way to get into position . One of the numbers on the phone they found is that of a notorious bushmeat trader . "  We had an initial phone contact and we organized a meeting , " Eckel explains . "  We play like we are the poacher and he thinks we are the poacher . " It 's an ambush . Barreling down the road , the team spots the bushmeat trader on his motorcycle . Shouting with guns pointed , they force him to pull over . "  How do you justify that this phone we called you from was found with a poacher ? " Eckel asks the trader . "  You were saying that you wanted to collect material , ivory . " "  I do n't know who called me , " the trader claims . "  Everyone in the village has my number . " The cell phone rings , answered by an eco-guard pretending to be the suspected poacher . The person on the other end of the line issues a breathless warning . "  Remove all the weapons from the camp by the river , we 've spotted the eco-guards at the small port . " Meanwhile , the trader breaks , giving up the name and location of the cell phone 's owner . "  They are just there , they live there . He 's a young guy . " The team detains not one , but two brothers and take them back to one of the unit 's checkpoints . One confesses to owning one of the rifles found at the camp , but both deny they shot at the eco-guards and refuse to give up the names of the other members of the gang . Poachers poison 87 elephants for ivory They are handcuffed and driven off to jail . When we return to Brazzaville , we interview Henri Djombo , minister of Forest Economy and Sustainable Development , and ask about the rampant corruption claims . He denied direct military complicity , but conceded the government needs to clean up its ranks . "  Yes , it is true that there are accomplices to this illegal trading of wildlife , that is not easy , " he told us . He insists that the government is committed to fighting corruption and ending the culture of poaching with impunity . A few days after the two brothers were detained , their families gave up the names of the rest of the gang members , in hopes of getting the brothers out of jail . Based on that intel , the unit carried out another raid . One of the eco-guards was severely wounded , run over by a motorcycle as they attempted to detain the suspected poacher . As the team was transporting the wounded guard to hospital , gang members torched the eco-guard camp at the checkpoint . Out here , the war on ivory trading is violent and personal . Opinion : Elephant killings surge as tusks fund terror China crushes tons of confiscated ivory	A group of eco-guards track poachers in a park the size of Connecticut They uncover a canoe filled with elephant meat , a bloody ax Some guards are former poachers , who accepted amnesty and turned in weapons
CNN  -- Ain Shams University Biologist Hebat Abdel Hadi is taking "  waste not , want not " to a whole other level . Alphonso Van Marsh discovered first hand how damaging the Nile crayfish can be . She says crayfish carcasses the part of the crustacean that humans often throw away are for the birds . As higher chicken feed costs push multi-national chicken firms like Pilgrim 's Pride and Tyson 's Food to report losses this year , Abdel Hadi says crayfish waste is an alternative source for the protein and minerals necessary to raise chickens . Abdel Hadi earned her PhD exploring the use of crayfish as chicken feed . Her studies included comparing chickens fed with fish meal , with those raised on meal made with crayfish waste . "  The group of chickens -LSB- that we raised -RSB- on crayfish have stronger bones , have a higher optical density of meat . The color of the meat is better , the taste is better , it looks better , " she says . The crayfish carcass is largely shell and skeleton . Feed nutritionists say crayfish-sourced feed would therefore contain high percentages of calcium and minerals . As a result , Abdel Hadi says , her experiments show that chickens raised on a crayfish feed diet lay more , stronger , higher-protein eggs . But poultry nutrition experts warn that chicken farming is a complex science that involves multiple nutrition and energy needs . "  The challenge has to do more with genetics , and the right balance for this fast growing bird , " says Martin Humphries , Feed Sales Director for an English specialist poultry feed supplier . "  Crayfish heads will have some meat in there for protein . Crayfish skeletons will have calcium and I 'm sure there is a nutritional value but perhaps -LSB- feeding crayfish to chickens -RSB- is a leap too far for now , " Humphries says . Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River . Scientists like Dr. Madgy Khalil , who also works at Ain Shams University , say there are unprecedented numbers of crayfish thriving in the Nile with no natural predator , from the Mediterranean Sea or from the south of Egypt . The crayfish that have a penchant for clawing into fishermen 's nets and eating their catch are causing problems for fishermen . But are there enough crayfish to sustain a chicken feed industry ? Andrew Kendall , a spokesman with the UK 's largest feed manufacturer BOCM Pauls is unsure . "  Theoretically , it is possible to use crayfish remains , but they would be in such short supply it would not be a feasible solution . For manufacturers who make any kind any business on a large scale , there 's not enough -LSB- crayfish -RSB- supply to be a viable business . However , it could be better for a niche market , " he says .	CNN 's Alphonso Van Marsh spent time with Nile fishermen in Egypt Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River . Crayfish have been a problem for fishermen , but now used in chicken feed
More than 150 soldiers in Bangladesh were sentenced to death Tuesday for murder , rape and arson during a 2009 mutiny . "  The convicts will be hanged by the neck until death , " ruled Mohammad Akhteruzzaman , a senior judge at the Dhaka Metropolitan Sessions Court , in pronouncing the sentences for the 152 paramilitary border guards . Seventy-four people , including 57 army officers , were killed in the mutiny at the headquarters of Bangladesh 's border guards in Dhaka in February 2009 . Investigators initially brought charges against 850 people , including 23 civilians , but the final judgment was against 846 people . Four suspects died in custody . The accused troopers were indicted on charges of murder , rape , arson , looting weapons and conspiracy . "  We had long been waiting for the verdict and it has cleansed the image of the force stained by the massacre , " said Maj. Gen. Aziz Ahmed , who now leads the border guards . Several thousand armed soldiers of the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  unit took control of their own headquarters in the capital for two days and massacred scores of people , including officers of the Bangladesh Army who were stationed with the BDR . The civilians in the case include a former lawmaker from the opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party , Nasiruddin Ahmed Pintu , and an Awami League leader , Torab Ali . State prosecutor Mosharrof Hossain Kazal told CNN that 161 people , including Pintu and Ali , were sentenced to life in prison . A total of 262 people were sentenced to prison terms ranging from three years to 10 years and 271 were acquitted of the charges against them . "  We may appeal against those who were acquitted , " Kazal said . Shamim Sardar , an attorney for one of those sentenced Tuesday , told reporters justice had not been done and vowed to appeal to a higher court . The mutiny erupted less than two months after the present Awami League government -- led by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina -- came to power in January 2009 in a landslide victory . According to the charges , the border guards took up weapons , killed the officers , and held the families of the officers hostage in the staff apartments inside the headquarters compound . The dead also included the then-chief of the border guards , Maj. Gen. Shakil Ahmed , and his wife . The soldiers demanded better pay and perks , as well as the withdrawal of all army officers from the forces . The government later renamed the BDR the Border Guards of Bangladesh . The prime responsibility of the force , which works under the ministry of home affairs , is to guard the country 's 4,000-kilometer  2,485-mile  border with India and Myanmar .	Some defense attorneys plan to appeal the sentences 74 people were killed in the 2009 takeover of the Bangladesh Rifles headquarters Civilians were also prosecuted in connection with the mutiny , including two lawmakers As many as 850 people were initially charged after the mutiny
CNN  -- The Red River at Fargo , North Dakota , reached "  major flood stage " early Wednesday as the National Guard and a small army of volunteers filled sandbags to keep the waters at bay . "  Everybody is just focused on battling it once again , and they 're doing it with smiles on their faces , " said Staff Sgt. Amy Wieser Willson of the North Dakota National Guard . The river rose to a record 40.8 feet at Fargo in 2009 . As of about 7 a.m. Wednesday  8 a.m. ET  , the river stood at 30.34 feet , 12 feet above the flood stage of 18 feet and past major flood stage . Floodwaters are forecast to peak at 38 feet this weekend . Are you there ? Send photos , video to CNN iReport "  Major flood stage " is a term the National Weather Service uses to describe flooding causing "  extensive inundation of structures and roads " and possibly the "  significant evacuations of people and the transfer of property to higher elevations . " " -LSB- It 's -RSB- very stressful for a lot of people , especially after seeing how much damage and how long the flood fight went on last year , " Willson said . About 300 people were helping on the sandbag lines as the community raced to fill 1 million of them . See local coverage of the flooding Torrey Callies spent a couple of days helping shield his Fargo neighborhood from the rising waters . "  We 're making some good headway here , " he said at midday Wednesday , as volunteers finished a sandbag dike . The sandbag levee is meant to hold back what 's known locally as Meadow Creek , which branches off from the rising Wild Rice River . "  Everybody that lives here went through it last year , so everybody is well-schooled in how to do this , " Callies said . Still , "  there 's not the sense of deathly emergency that there was last year , " he said . At least 150 volunteers -- most of them high school and college students -- helped in the neighborhood Tuesday , Callies said . "  God bless 'em for showing up , because without volunteer help , we 'd never get this done , " said Callies , 44 , who owns a collection agency with his brother . "  In my book , that 's a pretty cool thing to do . " The mess it makes of back muscles and backyards is worth it , he said . "  You want to keep your house dry , and that 's the main thing , " Callies said . "  The grass will grow back . " "  It 's tough because it 's awful work and it 's hard on the back and it 's stressful , but what do you do ? You just suck it up and start throwing sandbags . " Last week , warm weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and Moorhead , Minnesota , causing the Red River to swell . Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , pushing water back toward the two cities . Meanwhile , along the Eastern Seaboard , utility crews made steady progress restoring electricity after a powerful nor'easter whipped the region over the weekend . About 125,000 customers in New York , New Jersey and Connecticut remained without power early Wednesday . "  We know how difficult this is for our customers , and we appreciate their patience , " said John Miksad of Con Edison . "  With each reconnection , we focus on restoring the greatest numbers of customers possible . " The outages were due mostly to power lines downed by Saturday 's hurricane-force winds , which knocked over trees and utility poles . At least seven deaths were attributed to the storm , five caused by falling trees , authorities said . CNN 's Jim Kavanagh , Sean Morris and Ed Payne and CNN Radio 's Michelle Wright and Richard Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : River rises 12 feet above flood stage at Fargo , North Dakota NEW : About 300 workers scurry to fill 1 million sandbags to hold off waters Red River expected to peak at 38 feet this weekend About 125,000 customers in New York , New Jersey , Connecticut still without power
CNN  -- Nathan Jones was 18 when he had his first seizure . He lost consciousness , fell off his porch and woke up to hear a paramedic yelling at him to name the president of the United States . Over the next four years , Jones had 10 or 11 more generalized tonic-clonic  grand mal  seizures . He had seizures in his dorm room , while driving , in class and on a trip to New York . Jones , 29 , has epilepsy , and feels so strongly about educating people about the complex brain disorder and the seizures that stem from it that he became the project coordinator for the Epilepsy Foundation of Greater Los Angeles . When he heard that U.S. Commerce Secretary John Bryson had a seizure while driving in Southern California , Jones was empathetic . "  It seems that some people have been so quick to judge him . It just goes to show you that there are so many misconceptions , " Jones said of Bryson , who is under investigation after allegedly causing two car accidents last week . "  It 's such a dramatic and stressful period as it is . I can only imagine what he is going through . This is all happening in the spotlight . If he would have had a heart attack , the public would have just thrown sympathy his way . " It is unclear what caused Bryson 's seizure , which officials said was his first . The Commerce Secretary has resigned , telling President Obama he 's doing so for health reasons , according to a statement obtained by CNN . Some doctors and those living with seizures said the Bryson incident is an opportunity to dispel myths about seizures and explain just how common they are . Bryson is not the first high-ranking public official to have a seizure : Five years ago , Chief Justice John Roberts had a seizure that caused him to fall while at his summer home . Roberts also had a seizure in 1993 . Up to 10 % of the world 's population will have at least one seizure , the World Health Organization says , and having one seizure does not signal epilepsy . Withdrawal of certain medications , antibiotics , alcohol withdrawal and extremely low blood sugar can all cause seizures , experts say . Epilepsy , a neurological condition , is usually diagnosed after someone has had at least two seizures that were not caused by a medical condition , according to the Epilepsy Therapy Project . Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disorder in the United States after migraine , stroke and Alzheimer 's disease , and yet it is widely misunderstood , according to the Institute of Medicine . In fact , one in 26 people in the United States will develop epilepsy at some point in their lifetime . Seizures occur when the electrical system of the brain malfunctions . The brain cells keep firing instead of discharging electrical energy in a controlled manner . The result can be a surge of energy through the brain , causing unconsciousness and muscle contractions . Some seizures , however , are barely noticed . "  You can have your first seizure at any point , " said Dr. Joseph Sirven , who worked on an Institute of Medicine report called "  Epilepsy Across the Spectrum : Promoting Health and Understanding " released in March . "  It 's actually very common to present with seizure at an older age . Oftentimes , you will look for potential cerebrovascular implications , " such as stroke , hemorrhages or a tumor , said Sirven , who is chairman of the Department of Neurology at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona , chairman of the Epilepsy Foundation 's Professional Advisory Board and editor-in-chief of Epilepsy.com . "  If you remember , Ted Kennedy had presented with a seizure and that led to the diagnosis of a brain tumor . It 's not that uncommon . But not all seizures are brain tumors . " Dr. Christianne Heck , medical director of the University of Southern California Comprehensive Epilepsy Program in Los Angeles , calls epilepsy a "  hidden disorder . " "  Epilepsy does n't have a poster child like muscular dystrophy . We just do n't have anybody who is willing to talk about it , " said Heck , who also worked on the Institute of Medicine report . "  I think it 's important for people to understand you can be OK . You can function at a very high level . Most of the time , 70 % of the cases are easily controlled , easily managed . " Yet a large number of people go about their daily lives hiding the fact that they have seizures because they are concerned such disclosures would negatively affect their lives , she said . "  Lots of things contribute to that stigma and that embarrassment , " Heck said . "  It 's a disorder of the brain , and the public does n't understand it in terms of what it looks like and what it is and what they need to do to keep someone from having a seizure safe . " The fact that seizures can happen any time and in public makes it difficult for some people with epilepsy , she added . Kevin Oliver , 46 , of Los Angeles knows that problem all too well . "  I know that 's one of the main fears for people that have epilepsy -- telling other people . You always have that fear of that person 's reaction . We have a wall up sometimes , " he said . "  I think it 's a fear we do n't want to be judged in a certain way . We 're trying to protect ourselves . " But the aerospace technician said it 's important for anyone with a seizure disorder to be honest about his or her medical condition . Everyone at work knows he has epilepsy , he said . "  They are very protective of me . I do feel it 's something you need to express . You should n't keep it hidden . You do want people to know . " Still , it is n't always easy , Oliver said . "  You feel embarrassed when you are coming out of it , " he said . "  There are so many people standing around looking at you . They are looking at you out of concern , but that 's not your first reaction . " When Oliver heard about Bryson , he said he was immediately relieved no one was hurt . "  I have had one before when I was driving , " Oliver said . "  I know the fear behind that . When you come out of it , you do n't know what happened . You are just hoping you did n't injure anyone . " Frank Chavez , 63 , a retired parole agent in California , had his first seizure in 1999 while driving his daughter 's car . He was later told that he got off the freeway , hit a black van and just kept going . "  I lived about two blocks away and instinctively I just drove that car right home , " he said . "  I started walking up the driveway . " He was putting the key in the door when he heard a man screaming . The man was yelling that Chavez should have stopped after the accident . Chavez has frequent and serious seizures , is on medication and has even undergone surgeries to try to stop them . "  This is a disease that jumps out of nowhere , " said Chavez 's wife , Patricia . "  We used to call it the monster . We never knew when it would jump out . " When her husband 's seizures begin , Patricia Chavez first asks God to let him live . Then she looks at the clock to time the seizure and tries to turn her husband on his side to help him breathe . She tries to stay calm and talk to her husband . At some point , Frank Chavez understands his wife is talking to him . "  I 'll hear my wife and she 'll tell me , ` Frank , Frank , ' " he said . "  I do hear her . I just ca n't do the things she wants me to do . " The lack of control is something you have to deal with , said people living with seizures . "  You become 200 % vulnerable to your surroundings and to  other people 's  knowledge of what is happening to you , " said Jones of the Epilepsy Foundation of Greater Los Angeles . "  If I have a seizure in public and I 'm next to a bunch of broken glass , are they going to be able to react ? Are they going to forgive me when I ca n't react and listen to them ? It 's part of the education process . Your brain has just suffered this huge electrical brainstorm . " Heck said anyone living with epilepsy that is not well-controlled should seek out neurologists who are highly trained in managing epilepsy . She and others urge people to seek out information about seizures and epilepsy . "  The biggest misconception is that it is a disease of the young and that it is something you are only going to see in a younger kid or a younger adult , " Sirven said . "  This is actually a condition that affects all age groups , and older adults seem to have a higher propensity for this . This is not uncommon . " Soo Ihm , 41 , was diagnosed with epilepsy when she was 6 or 7 . She said she gets frustrated that more people with epilepsy do n't speak out . People who have n't had seizures need to understand there is nothing to be afraid of , she said . "  People do n't understand the full spectrum of seizures and also the idea of a seizure , " Ihm said . "  It looks so different and people do n't know what to do when you are having one . Epilepsy has such a range of experiences . Seizures can last from a second to several minutes . You can be fully aware , you can lose total consciousness or anywhere in between . " For information about seizures and epilepsy , go to : http://epilepsyfoundation.org/ and http://www.epilepsy.com/ .	Up to 10 % of the population will have at least one seizure , World Health Organization says Having one seizure does not signal epilepsy , and there can be many causes , experts say Seizures occur when the electrical system of the brain malfunctions Many people go about their daily lives hiding the fact that they have seizures , doctor says
EW.com  -- NBC is pulling the monkey off the stage . The network is yanking freshman sitcom "  Animal Practice " from Wednesday nights next month . Not only that : The returning NBC comedy that you 've all been waiting for finally has a premiere date . That 's right ... "  Whitney " is coming back ! No , there 's no word yet on "  Community "  . "  Animal Practice " will be replaced by "  Whitney " starting November 14 , which means fans of the wacky veterinarian hospital comedy still get a three more episodes before its gone . ` Nashville ' week 2 : Ken Tucker 's take Networks avoid the c-word when making these announcements , but the show 's production is being halted after the eighth episode wraps this week  five have aired , three to go  . Last night 's "  Animal Practice " fell 9 percent to 3.8 million viewers and a 1.0 in the adult demo , ranking as the lowest-rated broadcast show in the hour  including The CW  . Lead-out "  Guys With Kids , " by comparison , at least had 4.3 million and a 1.4 rating . Fall TV Death Watch : Which shows are most  and least  likely to survive This marks the second cancellation of a new fall show . Previously , CBS pulled freshman legal drama "  Made In Jersey " from Friday nights . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC is yanking "  Animal Practice " from Wednesday nights next month "  Whitney , " however , is coming back , but there 's still no word on "  Community " "  Animal Practice " will be replaced by "  Whitney " starting November 14
The Frisky  -- Zillions of famous married men have affairs . Some actually stayed with their mistress . Prince Charles Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles met at a polo match in 1970 and dated for a little while . They split , though , and went on to marry others -- Charles famously got hitched to Lady Diana in 1981 . However , he and Camilla started secretly seeing each other in the '80s . Charles and Diana finally divorced in 1996 . Though Charles and Camilla stayed together , they kept a low profile , especially after Princess Diana died . It was n't until 2005 that they walked down the aisle together . Brad Pitt Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are n't married and say they have no plans to do so . But they 've been together for five years and have three biological children together and adopted two others jointly . The two reportedly fell in love on the set of "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith " when he was still married to Jennifer Aniston . The Frisky : I slept with your husband -- here 's why Mel Gibson When Mel Gibson 's almost 30-year marriage went belly-up , he wasted no time bringing his new woman , Russian pianist Oksana Grigorieva , out in public . Within a month , he confirmed that Oksana was pregnant and they had a baby together in December . But , naturally , they 've split . Rumor has it that Mel was unfaithful to her , too . Humphrey Bogart Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall first teamed up on the movie "  To Have and Have Not , " when she was 19 and he was 45 . They fell in love and began an affair -- Bogart was unhappily married at the time . After they shot their second movie together , Bogart filed for divorce and the two were married . Howard Hawks famously said of them , "  Bogie fell in love with the character she played , so she had to keep playing it the rest of her life . " Ethan Hawke Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke seemed like the perfect couple -- heck , they met on the set of the most awesome movie ever , "  Gattaca . " But in 2004 , they divorced and both seemed pretty tortured by the decision . Rumors flew that Ethan was having an affair with a 22-year-old model . But it turns out things were even worse ; he allegedly was getting too close to the family 's own nanny , Ryan Shawhughes . He also went on to marry her and they had a baby together in 2008 . The Frisky : 10 stars who  maybe  have secret babies Tiki Barber Tiki Barber did n't just cheat on his wife who is pregnant with twins -- he left her at the 8-months-pregnant mark for the other woman , Traci Lynn Johnson , who started out as his intern at NBC . Only time will tell if these two stay together , but for now , they 're on . Donald Trump Many years before "  The Apprentice , " Donald Trump fired his first wife , Ivana Trump , in favor of his mistress , Marla Maples . Which led Ivana to utter her legendary line : "  Do n't get mad . Get everything . " Ryan Phillippe Ryan Phillippe was reportedly close to "  Stop-Loss " co-star Abbie Cornish when Reese Witherspoon filed for divorce . Soon after , Ryan officially began dating Abbie . Amazingly , the two stayed together for three years , just splitting recently . Steve McQueen "  King of Cool " Steve McQueen reportedly cheated on his first wife with Ali McGraw and married her after getting divorced . Then he allegedly cheated on Ali with model Barbara Minty . He went on to marry Barbara , but sadly died less than a year later . The Frisky : Another celeb Photoshopped into thinness ? Billy Crudup Billy Crudup became public enemy number one when he left a 7-months-pregnant Mary-Louise Parker for the much younger Claire Danes . Again , the new couple had some staying power , though , lasting from 2004 to 2006 . At which point , Claire fell for a Billy lookalike , Hugh Dancy , on the set of "  Evening " and reportedly began an affair with him . Hey , what goes around comes around . TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Some times an affair can lead to marriage Prince Charles wed Camilla Parker Bowles after both divorced their spouses Humphrey Bogart was unhappily married when he met future wife Lauren Bacall
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A prison inmate who murdered a Maryland teen was killed Sunday after he shot three guards inside an Israeli prison , officials said . Samuel Sheinbein , who fled the United States for Israel after the 1997 killing , was shot Sunday evening by police special forces and guards at Rimonim Prison , Israel Prison Service spokeswoman Sivan Weizman said . Sheinbein , 34 , shot at the guards from inside the prison 's restrooms , Weizman said . Two of them were seriously wounded , and the third sustained minor injuries , she said . It was unclear how he got the weapon . Sheinbein , a citizen of Israel and the United States , pleaded guilty to murder in 1999 in the gruesome killing of Alfredo Tello Jr. . Prosecutors accused Sheinbein and accomplice Aaron Needle of picking up Tello from work in Silver Spring , Maryland , and deciding to kill him . They strangled him with a rope , struck him on the head with a blunt object and slashed him . Two days later , prosecutors said , they dismembered the victim and burned his body . After fleeing to Israel , Sheinbein admitted to the dismemberment and burning of the victim . He said Needle , who was arrested in the murder but hanged himself in jail , was the killer . The Israeli Supreme Court had ruled that Sheinbein could not be extradited to the United States .	Convicted murderer Samuel Sheinbein is killed in a prison shooting Guards and special forces shot him after he shot three guards Two guards were seriously injured ; a third one has minor injuries Sheinbein fled to Israel after the 1997 killing of a Maryland teen
Washington  CNN  -- Flush with re-election vigor , President Barack Obama called Friday for House Republicans to immediately pass a bill already approved by the Senate that would maintain current tax rates for middle-class Americans while increasing taxes of wealthier citizens . In his first public comments since winning Tuesday 's vote , Obama expressed openness to negotiate with Congress on how to deal with pending tax hikes and spending cuts that create the so-called fiscal cliff facing the economy at the end of the year . However , he also repeated his longstanding demand that Republican opponents to any kind of tax increase relent to the will of the White House and the Senate -- and now the American people -- in letting tax rates increase on income over $ 250,000 . Nobody in either party wants the middle class , identified as families making less than $ 250,000 a year , to see taxes increase at the end of the year when lower rates set during the administration of former President George W. Bush will expire , Obama said . "  That makes no sense . It would be bad for the economy , " he told a White House gathering of what aides described as middle class Americans . "  Let 's extend middle class tax cuts right now . Let 's do that right now . That one step would give millions of families , 98 % of Americans , 97 % of small businesses , the certainty that they need going into the new year . " Noting the Senate previously passed a bill to extend the tax cuts to the middle class , but not income over $ 250,000 , Obama said : "  All we need is action from the House . " "  I 've got the pen , " he said , reaching into his pocket to hold one up as the crowd applauded . "  I 'm ready to sign the bill right away . I 'm ready to do it . " The president also announced he invited congressional leaders from both parties to the White House next week to launch talks on finding a solution to the fiscal cliff , as well as consensus on how to strike a comprehensive deal to reduce the nation 's chronic federal deficits and debt . Separately , a bipartisan group of senators known as the "  Gang of Eight " will reconvene next week to "  assess where they are " in working out a bipartisan compromise on a long-term deficit agreement , a Senate aide told CNN on Friday . The group 's previous talks have yet to bring a breakthrough . The gang of eight includes Democrats Mark Warner of Virginia , Dick Durbin of Illinois , Michael Bennet of Colorado and the retiring Kent Conrad of North Dakota , along with Republicans Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , Mike Crapo of Idaho , and Mike Johanns of Nebraska . Opinion : Leave crisis to Congress Long and tough negotiation While offering to consider unspecified reforms to costly entitlement programs sought by Republicans , Obama ' s initial salvo in what will be a long and tough negotiation signaled he was unwilling to back down on the tax issue that was a central theme of his election campaign . "  On Tuesday night , we found out that the majority of Americans agree with my approach and that includes Democrats , independents and a lot of Republicans across the country , as well as independent economists and budget experts , " the president said . "  That 's how you reduce the deficit ; with a balanced approach so our job now is to get a majority in Congress to reflect the will of the American people . " What 's in the fiscal cliff ? Obama and House Speaker John Boehner are positioned as the lead negotiators in a showdown between Democrats and Republicans over the issue identified by voters as a top priority : reducing the chronic federal deficits and debt considered a threat to economic prosperity and national security . Boehner , R-Ohio , signaled a willingness to deal on Friday but also maintained hard-line GOP opposition to any tax increase . "  Raising tax rates will slow down our ability to create the jobs everyone says they want , " Boehner said at a news conference , noting that higher taxes on the wealthy will hit small business owners . Later , however , he said that "  everything on the revenue side and on the spending side has to be looked at . " Boehner also called on Obama to take the lead in offering a workable plan that Republicans can accept but stopped short of providing details , saying : "  I do n't want to limit the options available to me or limit the options that might be available to the White House . " Asked if tea party conservatives or others in his caucus might oppose an agreement they do n't like , Boehner responded : "  When the president and I have been able to come to an agreement , there has been no problem in getting it passed here in the House . " The brewing political showdown in Washington left U.S. financial markets unconvinced the two sides would resolve their differences and come to an agreement . Analysis : Obama has limits on debt deal All three U.S. stock indexes ended the week more than 2 % lower due to investor concerns about the fiscal cliff 's potential impact on the sluggish economy . Markets and American business are also concerned that brinksmanship on the deficit could influence the deadline for raising the nation 's debt ceiling and eventually hamper the government 's ability to pay its bills . The fiscal cliff comprises two main elements : Tax cuts from the administration of President George W. Bush will expire on December 31 , triggering a return to higher Clinton-era rates for everyone . In addition , $ 1.2 trillion in mandatory across-the-board budget cuts -- known in legislative parlance as the sequester -- will take effect next year unless Congress finds a way to offset that amount in the federal budget . The automatic cuts were intended to motivate legislators to work out an agreement instead of letting the sequester ever actually occur . Republican leverage weakened by election results Boehner 's leverage in negotiating a deal got weakened by the election that returned Obama to the White House , broadened the Democratic majority in the Senate and slightly narrowed the Republican majority in the House . While the election resulted in another split Congress like the current session that has become a symbol of legislative dysfunction , both sides have signaled a possible new openness to an agreement that was unreachable in the past two years . In the final days of the campaign , Vice President Joe Biden referred to private talks with members of Congress on the pending fiscal impacts of expiring tax cuts and mandatory budget cuts . This week , Boehner called on Obama to work with him to complete a comprehensive deficit reduction agreement -- the "  grand bargain " that eluded them last year . Boehner says GOP willing to compromise on fiscal cliff Both Boehner and Obama were held back from a deal back then because of pressure from their respective bases , retiring Republican Rep. Steve LaTourette of Ohio told CNN . "  The ` no-tax pledge ' people in the Republican Party yanked Boehner back and the ` do n't you dare touch the middle class ' entitlement people in the president 's party pulled him back , and as a result those talks collapsed , " LaTourette said . Boehner said this week that a comprehensive agreement wo n't happen by the end of the year in the lame-duck session of Congress . He proposed that the two sides use that time to set up a framework for substantive negotiations when the new Congress comes in next year while taking short-term steps to avoid the fiscal cliff . Durbin , the No. 2 Democrat in the chamber , said such a timetable could work . "  We have a chance in the lame duck to at least start the process , and I think there 's a chance to rally bipartisan support , " he said . "  These are basic issues we can work out , and the president is in a position to do that . " Both sides agree the best outcome would be a broad deal addressing the overall need for deficit reduction , including reforms to the tax system and entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . However , they remain far apart on exactly how to forge such an agreement . Obama campaigned on having wealthy Americans contribute more to deficit reduction efforts , and White House spokesman Jay Carney said Friday that the president will veto any package that extends the Bush tax cuts for income over $ 250,000 . "  We ca n't just cut our way to prosperity , " Obama said Friday . "  If we 're serious about reducing the deficit , we have to combine spending cuts with revenue and that means asking the wealthiest Americans to pay a little more in taxes . " Boehner and Republicans oppose raising taxes on anyone , and instead back a broad reform of the tax system that would lower rates further for everyone while eliminating some deductions and loopholes . While Boehner said this week that his side was open to increasing revenue from such reforms , he made clear that such increases should come from resulting economic growth instead of higher tax rates . In essence , Boehner proposed the kind of tax reform championed by failed Republican presidential challenger Mitt Romney , whose plan was criticized by Obama and many economists for being unrealistic in assuming that the combination of closed loopholes and economic growth would equal the lost revenue of tax cuts . Obama 's victory gives him new leverage in the budget battles after Republicans forced the president and Democrats into prolonged and sometimes bitter showdowns in the last two years . One top Democrat with close ties to leaders on Capitol Hill and the White House said that the imminent expiration of the Bush tax cuts means Obama "  does n't have to do anything and everyone 's taxes go up , " which is a GOP nightmare . Such an increase would affect personal income tax , the estate tax , dividends and capital gains taxes . In addition , some officials are hinting the feared sequester cuts do n't have to be implemented right away in the new year , giving at least a few months for a deal to be worked out . Obama , Boehner stand ground on fiscal cliff CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Ted Barrett , Joe Sterling and Allison Brennan contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama says his election victory shows America backs his plan House Speaker John Boehner says all options on spending and revenue are open While both sides signal a willingness to deal , differences on details remain The nation faces tax hikes and steep spending cuts at the end of the year
CNN  -- U.S. politicians must not sacrifice economic growth for the sake of political differences , according to Dutch foreign minister Frans Timmermans . The world 's largest economy is facing $ 85 billion in spending cuts that will begin to take effect on Friday . Timmermans told CNN 's Nina Dos Santos that Europe is eager to see growth in the U.S. and says it would be a "  tragedy " if tribal politics hinders progress on economic expansion . He added : "  I do hope that our colleagues in Congress will be responsible enough to solve that problem . " The cuts are a product of the sequester , a series of automatic , across-the-board cuts to government agencies , totaling $ 1.2 trillion over 10 years . These would be split 50-50 between defense and domestic discretionary spending . Timmermans also commented on the outlook for the eurozone . Speaking in the wake of the Italian elections on Monday , the Dutch minister said he is "  fairly confident " that Italy will find a solution to its political problems as it has done in the past . The elections in Italy -- the eurozone 's third-largest economy -- ended in political deadlock this week following a three-way battle between center-left leader Pier Luigi Bersani , former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and comedian Beppe Grillo . Timmermans believes political stability is needed in the 17-nation eurozone to implement genuine reform following a debt crisis that has plagued the region for over three years . He says the euro area will gradually move toward more fiscal cohesion while the difference with the 10 European Union nations outside the single currency area should remain "  as small as possible . " The UK in particular is trying to renegotiate its relationship with the 27-nation trade bloc and has promised a referendum on EU membership by 2017 . He added : "  I think we already have a two or multi-tier Europe in many domains and I think Europe is so diverse that we need different speeds on different subjects . I 'm not afraid of that . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	The U.S. is facing $ 85 billion in spending cuts that will begin to take effect on Friday The cuts are a product of the sequester , a series of automatic cuts to government spending Timmermans says the euro area will gradually move toward more fiscal cohesion
CNN  -- Cheryl Morse was 19 years old when she hitchhiked more than 700 miles from Chicago , Illinois , to Bethel , New York . She was determined to make it to the Woodstock music festival . An estimated 400,000 people attended the Woodstock music festival in Bethel , New York , in August 1969 . Although Morse , now 59 , no longer recalls details such as how long it took to get there or what food , if any , she ate , she still vividly remembers the music . When Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young opened their set with "  Suite : Judy Blue Eyes , " she said the energy in the crowd was intoxicating . And she can still picture folk musicians Arlo Guthrie and Joan Baez performing in the rain Friday night . "  It was like being totally shut off from the rest of the world for three days , with nonstop music by world-class musicians playing their hearts out ... for our party , " she said . Forty years later , the Woodstock Music and Arts Fair remains a major cultural touchstone . Held in Bethel on August 15 , 16 and 17 , 1969 , the music festival welcomed some of the biggest musicians of the era and legions of fans from across the United States . Despite the concert 's size -- an estimated 400,000 people attended the festival -- it seems the idea of Woodstock is bigger than the actual event was . It is remembered as a peace - and love-filled celebration , an out-of-this-world experience fueled by rock 'n' roll music and copious drugs . See Woodstock 40 years ago , and what the site looks like today " Like many others , it was n't until Morse left the festival grounds and re-entered the outside world that she began to realize Woodstock 's impact . She stopped at a local market on her way out of town and saw news coverage of the festival on television . "  Until -LSB- then -RSB- , I had not thought about the outside world at all , " Morse said . "  That was when I slowly began to comprehend the impact the gathering was having on the country . " Woodstock , Morse explained , "  came at a pivotal point in history , " when the Vietnam War and subsequent anti-war movement were in full swing . The festival , a massive event that was largely peaceful and free of riots , was considered exceptional for the time . Years later , Morse realized that Woodstock "  would never be forgotten , " she said . "  It took you 10 years to realize you were part of history , " said Lenny Eisenberg , who made the journey to Bethel to see Jimi Hendrix perform . "  At the time , it was just another great show . " Part of the concert 's lasting power was fueled by the Oscar-winning documentary "  Woodstock , " which also led to a blurred perception of the festival , Eisenberg said . "  I have some distorted ideas of what happened , " he said . Still , Eisenberg recalls Hendrix 's performance that famously closed the festival on Monday morning . The aspiring photographer saved one of the three rolls of film he brought with him to document the guitarist 's set . The wait was worth it , he said . Eisenberg captured several shots of Hendrix , including one of the guitarist with his middle finger in the air , seconds after he flashed a peace sign to the audience . iReport.com : See Eisenberg 's photos "  It 's really hard to pin down a best memory , " said Thomas Burke , who was 19 years old when he went to Woodstock . "  The whole place was a memory . " Burke still has his Woodstock tickets along with the check his mother wrote for them . His memories from the event are fond , but fuzzy . "  I remember some of the acts , but not the order or where I was when they played , " he said . He recalls seeing Richie Havens and Jefferson Airplane , and ca n't forget Hendrix 's legendary performance of "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " "  Woodstock marked a big turning point in my life , " said Burke , who was drafted into the Army soon after returning home from the festival . "  It was a fitting end to the '60s . " "  It was the experience of a lifetime . I 've always been proud of the fact that I was there , " said Ralph Chin . He remembers the rain and mud , nonstop music , free-flowing drugs and conversations with strangers . For Chin , nothing can recapture Woodstock . "  I went to a couple other festivals after Woodstock , but they fell short on the overall feeling , " he said . iReport.com : ` The experience of a lifetime ' "  Woodstock was like a big party with all your friends there , whereas the festivals afterward felt more like you were an independent entity and had no connections to anyone else . " "  I think it was the ultimate spontaneous thing . It just happened , " said John Laferlita , a photographer who attended Woodstock at 23 . Laferlita heard about the festival on the radio and thought , "  Why not ? " He hopped on a bus from Manhattan , New York , on Saturday , with little more than his camera and tickets . Like many others , he slept on the ground that night . "  There has n't been anything like it , " added Laferlita . "  Everything else is planned to the minute , but this was spontaneous . That 's what made it so special . "	As Woodstock celebrates 40 years , the music festival still looms large Memories of the event are distorted by media coverage , movies , some say "  It took 10 years to realize you were part of history , " said Lenny Eisenberg iReport.com : Were you at Woodstock ? Share your memories , photos
A federal judge approved Monday a preliminary settlement in a class action lawsuit filed by thousands of former NFL players against the National Football League . The settlement will provide eligible retired players with baseline neurological exams and include monetary awards for diagnoses of ALS , Parkinson 's disease , Alzheimer 's disease and early and moderate dementia . There is no cap on the amount of funds available to pay these monetary awards and all valid claims will be paid in full for 65 years . "  This is an extraordinary settlement for retired NFL players and their families -- from those who suffer with neuro-cognitive illnesses today , to those who are currently healthy but fear they may develop symptoms decades into the future , " said the two lead attorneys for the players , Christopher Seeger and Sol Weiss . The settlement also makes provisions for family members of some living and deceased players . "  We are grateful to Judge  Anita  Brody for her guidance and her thoughtful analysis of the issues as reflected in the comprehensive opinion she issued today , " said NFL Senior Vice President Anastasia Danias . Initially there was a $ 765 million figure on the settlement with $ 675 million capped . The judge declined in January to approve the deal , saying she was concerned about the amount of money . But the latest agreement reached two weeks ago eliminated a maximum for the monetary award fund . The NFL will use $ 75 million for medical tests to help determine if any retired players have brain damage and for treatment . The retired players could receive between $ 1.5 million and $ 5 million depending on their age and the severity of their cognitive impairment . Players with less than five years of experience will receive smaller awards . The league could pay up to $ 112.5 million in legal fees , according to the settlement . About 5,000 former players are involved in the class action but as many as 20,000 might be eligible . Current NFL players are not included in the agreement . A hearing to assess the fairness of the outcome of the case is scheduled for November 19 . The judge will issue her final ruling after that and players can then begin to register for benefits . They will have two years to do so .	About 5,000 former players have sued the NFL over concussion issues The league agreed to no cap on the amount of money to be paid out A judge will issue her final ruling after a hearing in November Active players are not included in the settlement
CNN  -- Recent headlines focusing on the rash of pirate attacks off the coast of Somalia should instead focus on the humanitarian crisis driving Somalis to commit crimes on the high seas , an international aid group said Thursday . Somalia 's population have suffered from a lack of the most basic services . An estimated one-third of Somalia 's population desperately needs emergency aid , the international agency Oxfam said , as donors to Somalia met in Brussels , Belgium . "  Without economic opportunities offering alternatives to criminality , and without law and order to curb these activities , then the massive economic returns of hijacking ships will continue to drive piracy , " Robert Maletta , policy adviser for Oxfam , said in a news release . "  The international community must urgently focus their attention on finding ways to assist the millions of people in desperate need , " Maletta said . Somalia , which is racked by poverty and conflict , has not had a fully functioning government since 1991 , when its president was overthrown in Mogadishu , the capital . Drought and rising food prices have added to the nation 's problems , according to Maletta . "  Families are finding it difficult to meet their most basic needs , as prices for basic food items are at record high levels , " he said . Not only do civilians need emergency aid , they also need protection from military abuses , aid groups said . "  Since Somalia 's security forces have committed so many violent abuses against civilians , efforts to strengthen them also need to make them more accountable , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director for Human Rights Watch . The combination of security and humanitarian assistance is necessary to curb piracy in the region , which borders the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean , aid groups said . The April 8 hijacking of the U.S.-flagged cargo ship Maersk Alabama made headlines worldwide when its American captain , Richard Phillips , was held hostage by four Somali men . Phillips was rescued four days later , after U.S. Navy snipers fatally shot three pirates . The fourth suspect , Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse , was brought to New York to face federal piracy charges . Ships with aid supplies destined for countries in the region , including Somalia , also have been hijacked in the Indian Ocean . Pirates held a ship carrying U.N. food aid for 100 days in June 2005 . Two years ago , a cargo ship and crew delivering U.N. aid to Somalia were held and released after 40 days . The Maersk was going to the coastal town of Mombasa , Kenya , to deliver relief supplies intended for various countries in the region , including Somalia .	Oxfam : One-third of Somalia 's population desperately needs emergency aid Somalia has not had a fully functioning government since 1991 Groups : Security , humanitarian assistance necessary to curb piracy Brussels meeting aimed at supporting Somalia 's security through more funding
CNN  -- Several large circus tents previously used by Cirque du Soleil are on their way to Haiti to be used as a temporary headquarters for the Port-au-Prince government , according to the man donating them . The self-contained tents would replace government buildings destroyed a month ago by the devastating earthquake that killed at least 200,000 people , Nevada real estate developer Tom Schrade said Thursday . An urgent effort is under way to provide shelter for in Haiti , ahead of the rainy season expected to hit the island nation at the end of March . Much of the government is operating in small tents or cramped quarters in buildings that survived the January 12 earthquake . Schrade , who bought the tents after Cirque du Soleil retired them , said his wife got the idea to donate them while they were watching coverage of Haiti relief efforts . "  It seemed like a good thing to do , " Schrade said . The tents have 33,000 square feet of interior floor space , including heating and air conditioning systems , interior and exterior lighting , toilets and 900 padded chairs , Schrade said . Thirteen steel shipping containers hold the 400,000 pounds of cargo , he said . "  Even the shipping containers can serve as apartments , " Schrade said . After an aide to the Port-au-Prince mayor confirmed the government would welcome the tents , Schrade said he called Barron Hilton -- the son of Hilton hotel founder Conrad Hilton -- for help in getting them from storage in Reno , Nevada , to Haiti . The Conrad Hilton Foundation , already involved in Haiti relief projects , agreed to finance the shipment , he said . Gregory Anderson , the international project manager for the Hilton Foundation , confirmed its participation . The William J. Clinton Foundation -- the former U.S. president 's nonprofit group -- will coordinate getting the big tents to Port-au-Prince , he said . Full coverage of the earthquake 's aftermath A convoy of tractor-trailer trucks left Reno Monday night with the tents bound for the port of Miami , Florida , he said . They 'll be loaded onto a ship chartered by the Clinton Foundation next week for the voyage to Port-au-Prince , he said . Technicians hired by Schrade will travel there to supervise the set up , he said . iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti The tents , which initially cost about $ 5 million , were first used by Cirque du Soleil at the Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas a decade ago . They also spent time at a Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , theme park before Schrade bought them with the idea of using them at a Reno hotel , he said . The economic downturn derailed Schrade 's plan to use the tents at a hotel in Reno , he said . Cirque du Soleil is a Canadian-based traveling circus based on street performance art .	Tents previously used by Cirque du Soleil to be used as government headquarters Government currently operating in small tents or cramped quarters Nevada real estate developer Tom Schrade bought the tents to help in Haiti Schrade said his wife got the idea to donate them while watching coverage of Haiti relief efforts
CNN  -- I suppose we like to predict the future because uncertainty makes us uncomfortable . Or maybe we just like the game of analysis . Before a baseball season starts , for example , you 'll find experts predicting who will win the pennant races and the World Series . Indeed , it 's not even a month after the Super Bowl and you can find confident assurances of who will be in the big game next year . Politics is no different , of course , although the prediction business has more important consequences . I think we -- and by "  we " I mean all of us in the news and commentary business -- have to be careful to distinguish between analysis and prediction . True , the predictive powers of polls has improved since Thomas Dewey "  defeated " Harry Truman in 1948 , but as any meteorologist will tell you , the farther away the weather system , the more difficult it is to predict its behavior on a given day . Analysis , on the other hand , can give us a better understanding of issues , effects of policies , and the all-important "  mood of the electorate , " even though those can change as quickly as the path of a tornado . What brings all this to mind is a recent article by Sahil Kapur for the online Talking Points Memo , "  Four Reasons the GOP Has a Huge Advantage in the 2014 Elections . " The article argues that , "  For all their internal divisions and long-term worries as a party , political scientists and historical trends give Republicans a clear advantage in the upcoming 2014 congressional elections . " I 'm not refuting the Four Reasons  good thing they 're not Four Horseman  . I just question if they are so predictively absolute . I see other factors at play . The first factor Kapur writes about is "  the six-year curse for presidents . " He notes , "  Since the ratification of White House term limits , five of the six two-term presidents have lost seats after re-election . " What intrigues me is the exception : Bill Clinton in 1998 , because of a strong economy and voter backlash against the Republican-led impeachment . Democrats that year fought back hard by recruiting good quality candidates who gained the trust of the people . Speaking of President Clinton , he 's campaigning for Alison Grimes in Kentucky . Despite all the recent attacks , the Clintons ' popularity remains sky high across the country , including in the South . Democratic candidates are hopeful they will be able to campaign for them across the country . See Gov. Terry McAuliffe . So that 's X-factor one . Midterm elections are only partly a referendum on the president . With the Clintons campaigning , the equation changes . The second reason is "  Democratic voters do n't turn out in midterms . " The historical trend shows that age is a factor : "  Older voters disproportionately turn out in midterms , and they 've moved to the Republican Party in recent decades , " argues Kapur . And yet , the Republican attempts at voter suppression may well backfire . Perhaps the GOP 's current campaign to block attempts to extend unemployment insurance , block a raise in the minimum wage and take away health care will motivate some voters to turn out because it 's in their self interest . We all know that an angry electorate is a voting electorate . I expect young people and minorities to surprise the pundits . I expect women to organize and vote in surprising numbers . A threatened electorate is also a voting electorate . Voter turnout comes down to organizing , educating , activating . From what I 've seen in my travels around the country , there 's a grass-roots groundswell that may very well resemble the 1998 "  backlash . " The third factor Kapur cites is that "  Republicans have a mathematical advantage in the Senate . " They need to pick up a net of six seats . Democrats are defending 21 seats , many in conservative states such as Arkansas , North Carolina and Louisiana . Here 's the thing : In the 12 states that Mitt Romney won that also had a Senate race , Democrats won five of them : North Dakota , Montana , Missouri , Indiana and West Virginia . These states are at least as conservative as the Southern states above . Generally , Senate races are not a referendum on the president or on any one issue , but a choice between the two candidates on the ballot . Thus Democrat Mary Landrieu remains strong in Louisiana , while in Kentucky , Republican Mitch McConnell , the minority leader , is in trouble . As Tip O'Neill observed , "  All politics is local . " In each competitive Senate race there 's a clear contrast between a Democratic candidate -- focused on creating opportunity for the middle class and willing to disagree with the party leadership -- and a Republican candidate beholden to the tea party , the Koch brothers and a small group of right-wing billionaires who support an agenda that will not enable the middle class or working families to prosper . While some Democratic senators and a handful of congressional candidates may disagree with the President on specific economic priorities for their state , they all support his efforts to provide better wages for workers , fairness for women in the workplace and affordable opportunities to go to college and prepare for high-skilled jobs . Despite an influx of negative ads underwritten by the Koch brothers and their allies , Democrats must find a way to stay on message and reach people where they live , work , eat and pray . Finally , Kapur mentions that "  the House map is skewed toward the GOP . " There 's no disputing this , just as there 's no disputing the fact that Republican obstructionism in the House has prevented the country from moving forward . How much did Republican gerrymandering after 2010 lockjaw the House ? Political scientists may debate that , but House majorities do change , and sometimes unexpectedly . My point is that the "  season " has n't started . We can analyze strengths and weaknesses , but let 's see how the teams play over the long haul , starting now with the upcoming primary elections . Once the primary season has ended , we can start keeping score . Until then , the sideshow is simply a distraction . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : We like to predict future because uncertainty makes us uncomfortable Brazile : In politics , we have to be careful to distinguish between analysis and prediction Brazile : An angry electorate is a voting electorate
CNN Student News  -- December 18 , 2014 Social studies , civics , government and history all come together in today 's first story : It involves a controversial shift in U.S. policy regarding Cuba . Another headline we 're following is the cancellation of a comedic film 's release following a threat from anonymous hackers . We 're also telling you who 's laying claim to the North Pole , and we 're exploring some potential benefits of disconnecting from digital distractions . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Samuel L. Jackson took a Los Angeles entertainment reporter to task Monday after the reporter appeared to confuse the actor for Laurence Fishburne . "  You 're as crazy as the people on Twitter . I 'm not Laurence Fishburne ! " Jackson said during a live TV interview . "  We do n't all look alike . We may be all black and famous , but we all do n't look alike . You 're busted . " The outburst momentarily stunned CNN affiliate KTLA 's Sam Rubin , who had asked Jackson what the reaction was to his Super Bowl commercial . "  What Super Bowl commercial ? " Jackson replied . Rubin looked off camera , confused . He immediately owned up to the mistake , but Jackson dug in . "  You 're the entertainment reporter for this station and you do n't know the difference between me and Laurence Fishburne ? That must be a very short line for your job outside there , " he said . Rubin apologized repeatedly , at one point slapping himself in the face in jest . Jackson kept the mood light . "  I 'm the other guy , " he said . "  There 's more than one black guy doing a commercial . I 'm the ` What 's in your wallet ? ' black guy . He 's the car black guy . Morgan Freeman is the other credit card black guy . You only hear his voice , though , so you probably wo n't confuse him with Laurence Fishburne . " Rubin later issued a more formal apology . "  I indicated to Samuel that I 'd seen him during the Super Bowl , and he thought that I had confused him with the commercial Laurence Fishburne had done for a car company . Of course a ` Captain America ' ad had also run during the Super Bowl , but I immediately felt so dumb , I did n't bring that up -- and he gave me the shellacking that was well deserved , " the reporter said . Jackson is set to appear in the upcoming sequel "  Captain America : The Winter Solider . " "  I pride myself on the fact -- that unlike a lot of people who do this kind of work -- more often than not , I really do know what I 'm talking about . But I did n't 30 minutes ago , and I 'm really embarrassed about it , and I very much apologize to Samuel L. Jackson and anyone else who was offended for what was a very amateur mistake , " Rubin said .	KTLA 's Sam Rubin asks Jackson about the reaction to his Super Bowl commercial "  What Super Bowl commercial ? " Jackson replies The reporter apologizes for his "  very amateur mistake "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A police officer chasing a theft suspect was fatally shot Thursday night by another officer after he failed to drop his weapon when ordered to , authorities said . Officer Omar Edwards , 25 , was not wearing a bulletproof vest and did not fire a shot , authorities say . Authorities said Officer Omar Edwards , 25 , was shot three times . The incident is under investigation . Edwards was in plainclothes and carrying a handgun as he chased the suspect past a police car . Authorities said the officer who shot him said he did n't realize Edwards was a police officer . Edwards had just left the Housing Bureau Station House on East 124th Street , said Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly at a news conference Friday . As Edwards approached his vehicle , he saw a man rummaging through it . Edwards took out his gun -- a Smith and Wesson 9 mm -- and chased the alleged thief , 43-year-old Miguel Santiago , said NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Meanwhile , a police cruiser with a sergeant and two officers , including Officer Andrew Dunton , had just turned onto 125th Street from 1st Avenue . Santiago ran in front of the unmarked vehicle as it approached halfway up the block and the vehicle stopped . The officer in the front passenger seat got out of the vehicle and shouted for Edwards to stop running and drop his weapon . According to Kelly , the officers reported that , after the command was given , Edwards turned toward Dunton with his gun in his hand . Watch Commissioner Kelly describe the shooting " Dunton fired his Glock 9 mm six times , hitting Edwards three of those times -- once in the left arm , once in the left side and once in the back , according to police . Emergency crews responding to the scene found Edwards wearing a police academy T-shirt under his clothes and found his police shield and ID in his front left pants pocket , according to Browne . Edwards , who lived in Brooklyn , was recently married and had two small children , according to CNN affiliate WABC-TV in New York . On Friday , his relatives remembered him as a good person who achieved what he set out to do . "  He was a wonderful , wonderful child from when he was small , " his father , Ricardo Edwards , told WABC . "  His desire was always to be a policeman and to play football , " his uncle , Jerome Harding told the New York TV station . "  And he did accomplish both , because he plays for the Police Department . " Edwards was pronounced dead at Harlem Hospital at 11:21 p.m. Thursday , according to Kelly . "  Tragic accidents like this are another reminder of the dangers our police officers often face as they keep our city the safest big city in the nation , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Friday . "  Rest assured we will find out exactly what happened here , see what we can learn from it so it may never happen again . All the city 's prayers are with Omar Edwards and his family . " Five eyewitnesses , along with 20 people who reported hearing gunshots , were interviewed by police . The officer who fired the shots has 4 1/2 years ' experience , authorities said . The officers involved have been placed on administrative duties while the shooting is investigated . Police later arrested the alleged thief on suspicion of breaking into Edwards ' car .	Authorities : Omar Edwards , chasing a suspect , was fatally shot by another officer Edwards , in plainclothes , witnessed suspect trying to break into his car Another saw his pursuit , jumped out of unmarked vehicle and fired six shots Officers placed on administrative duties while shooting is investigated
A passenger announced Friday "  that there was a bomb on board " his plane and wanted it diverted to Sochi -- the Russian city hosting the Winter Olympics amid terrorism fears -- Turkish officials said . Rather than abide by the request , the Pegasus Airlines ' crew sent a hijacking alert that Turkey 's Air Force Control Center received at 5:20 p.m.  10:20 a.m. ET  , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . About 20 minutes later , the same report claimed two F-16 fighter jets scrambled to intercept the Boeing 737-800 and escort it over the Black Sea . Eventually , the airliner landed safely at Istanbul 's Sabiha Gokcen airport , where video shot soon thereafter showed police and security officials converging on it . Istanbul 's governor tweeted around 10 p.m. that "  the air pirate has been neutralized " and all other passengers "  disembarked from the plane without any problems . " Special forces who boarded the plane took him into custody "  in a swift operation " without finding a "  bomb on him , " Gov. Huseyin Avni Mutlu later told reporters . "  The operation is complete , " the governor said . Mutlu said that the suspect -- who never made it into the cockpit and at one point apparently thought the aircraft was destined for Sochi -- "  did n't seem to have consumed alcohol ,  but  he may have used some other substances . " He 'd brought a carry-on bag with personal electronics and other items onto the Pegasus plane , according to the governor . The incident came at a tense time given the various threats surrounding the Winter Games , which kicked off in earnest Friday night with its opening ceremony . Russian security forces have cracked down in recent weeks on suspected militants in the restive North Caucasus republic of Dagestan -- which is located on the other side of the Caucasus Mountains from Sochi -- and elsewhere in recent weeks after twin suicide bombings in the city of Volgograd in December . There have also been concerns specifically about explosives-laden airlines . U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul said Wednesday night that the his nation 's Department of Homeland Security issued a bulletin to airlines flying into Russia warning that explosive materials could be concealed in toothpaste or cosmetic tubes . Airlines warned of possible toothpaste tube bombs Official : Suspect is Ukrainian The flight started in Kharkov in Ukraine , and was headed to Istanbul , according to the Transportation Ministry . While it was in air , "  one of the passengers said that there was a bomb on board and asked the plane to not land in Sabiha Gokcen but rather to land in Sochi , " Transportation Ministry official Habip Soluk said on CNNTurk . The man said the bomb was in the baggage hold , a Transportation Ministry official said . The aircraft ended up touching down at the Turkish airport at at 6:04 p.m. , according to Anadolu , at which point it was moved to a safe zone on the tarmac . Cihan News Agency of Turkey published a photograph it claimed came from inside the plane showing a man standing in a number 11 sports jersey with empty seats around him and two people in uniform . Turkish officials have not confirmed that this photograph is from inside the Pegasus airliner or that the man at the center of it is the alleged hijacker . The Ukrainian foreign ministry issued a statement identifying the suspect as one of its citizens , something that Soluk also said was the case . The Ukrainian ministry said no explosives or guns were found aboard the plane and that the suspect "  voluntarily turned himself into police . " Mutlu , Istanbul 's governor , offered a different take on how the alleged hijacker was detained . "  We had to use force because we were trying to persuade him and he was n't persuaded , " said Mutlu , adding Turkish authorities did not use guns and that the suspect suffered "  a light injury . " The suspect never said anything about Circassians -- the residents in the volatile region around the North Caucasus mountains -- or having lived in the region , according to the governor .	Ukraine says the suspect turned himself in ; a Turkish governor says otherwise "  We were trying to persuade him and he was n't persuaded , " governor says Passenger says there 's a bomb in the plane 's baggage hold , says it should fly to Sochi F-16 jets escort the plane to Istanbul , where it lands safely ; authorities detain the suspect
Washington  CNN  -- Washington Wizards point guard Gilbert Arenas pleaded guilty Friday to illegally possessing an unlicensed handgun in the District of Columbia in a locker-room incident last month . The 28-year-old NBA all-star told Superior Court Judge Robert E. Morin that he understood he could receive up to five years in prison when he is sentenced on March 26 . But Arenas ' attorney , Kenneth Wainstein , told the court that the government will ask for no more than six months , under the terms of a plea agreement . "  He accepted full responsibility for his actions , acknowledged that those actions were wrong and against the law , and has apologized to all who have been affected by his conduct , " Wainstein said in a written statement . The government has agreed to limit its recommendation to the low end of the guidelines -- "  estimated to be between six and 24 months , with probation , a split sentence , or incarceration permissible , " U.S. Attorney Channing Phillips said in a written statement . "  Playing with firearms is no joke , " said Phillips . "  Such reckless action can always be expected to garner a swift and firm response from this office . We commend Mr. Arenas for accepting responsibility and hope he fully appreciates the gravity of his actions . " The government statement said the incident was traced to a flight from Phoenix , Arizona , on December 19 , when Arenas and a fellow teammate "  became involved in a verbal exchange after a card game . " "  Although Arenas maintains that the statements he made during this exchange were made in jest , the exchange between Arenas and the teammate involved mutual threats to shoot one another , " it said . "  Arenas also told the teammate that he would burn the teammate 's Cadillac Escalade . " Two days later , Arenas entered the team 's locker room at the Verizon Center carrying at least one firearm in his backpack , the statement said . "  Once Arenas entered the locker room , he placed four firearms on the chair located directly in front of the locker of the teammate with whom he had the prior verbal exchange . Arenas then wrote the message ` PICK 1 ' on a piece of paper , and placed it on the teammate 's chair near the firearms . Arenas remained in the locker room . "  Moments later , the teammate walked into the locker room and approached his locker . He saw the handguns and he and Arenas once again exchanged words . During this exchange , Arenas stated , ` You said you were going to shoot me , so I thought you would like some firepower . Pick one . ' The teammate picked up one of Arenas 's firearms from his chair , threw it across the locker room , then reportedly took out what appeared to Arenas to be a silver-colored semi-automatic handgun . "  After this exchange , Arenas admitted to team management that he brought the firearms from his home in Virginia into Washington , D.C. . He also told team management that the teammate also had a firearm . The teammate has since denied that he ever had a handgun . Team management directed Washington Wizards security personnel to secure Arenas 's firearms and to remove them from the premises . " The incident came to light on December 24 , when authorities were notified , the statement said . Metropolitan police went to Arenas ' home in Virginia , where the athlete 's four unloaded firearms -- a .50 - caliber gold-plated , semi-automatic Desert Eagle with magazine ; a .500 Magnum Smith & Wesson revolver ; a .45 - caliber black , semi-automatic Kimber Eclipse with magazine ; and a 9-mm Browning with magazine -- were surrendered , it said . The three-time NBA All-Star said he told authorities that he had stored the guns in his locker in the Verizon Center to keep them away from his children . "  I brought them without any ammunition into the District of Columbia , mistakenly believing that the recent change in the D.C. gun laws allowed a person to store unloaded guns in the District , " Arenas said in his statement . He offered a public apology at the time to the league , his teammates and his fans , saying , "  I promise to do better in the future . " During Friday 's court proceeding , the usually jocular Arenas appeared somber . Dressed in a dark pinstripe suit , he neither smiled nor spoke as he entered and left the courthouse . The judge ordered him to surrender his passport and said he could not possess any firearms while he awaits sentencing . Arenas ' indefinite suspension remains in effect until a separate NBA investigation is complete and Commissioner David Stern reaches a decision on whether to reinstate him , a source said Thursday . The league investigation , which had been on hold at the request of federal prosecutors , will now resume , the source told CNN . In a statement this month , Arenas described the incident as "  a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate , " and said , "  Contrary to some press accounts , I never threatened or assaulted anyone with the guns and never pointed them at anyone . Joke or not , I now recognize that what I did was a mistake and was wrong . " Citing NBA sources , the New York Post reported in December that the teammate who allegedly also brandished a firearm was Javaris Crittenton . Crittenton 's agent , Mark Bartelstein , has told CNN that his client "  has n't done anything wrong . I 'm extremely confident he 'll be exonerated . " Phillips said the investigation into the second player was ongoing . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : "  He accepted full responsibility for his actions , " Gilbert Arenas ' attorney says NEW : U.S. statement : Teammate had what appeared to be "  semi-automatic " gun NBA star pleads guilty to illegally possessing unlicensed handgun Under plea deal , Arenas ' lawyer says government will ask for no more than six months
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Authorities accused pro-British extremists of exploiting protests in Northern Ireland over the Belfast City Council decision to stop a century-old tradition of flying the Union Jack year-round . The protests calling for the council to reverse its ruling over the flag continued Monday evening , police said . About 400 people gathered at Belfast City Hall as the City Council met for the first time since it voted to fly the British flag only on certain days , police said . The protest , which was mostly peaceful , was organized via social media , authorities said . In East Belfast , about 250 protestors gathered , and missiles such as petrol and paint bombs , fireworks and heavy masonry were thrown at police . Police responded with water cannon , authorities said , and overall calm had been restored Monday night . Four people , two males and two females , were arrested , accused of riot and public order violations , police said . Authorities say at least 52 officers have been wounded in protests . Read more : Fresh protests break out in Northern Ireland after night of violence The chief constable for the Police Service of Northern Island put the blame for the violence on members of the loyalist Ulster Volunteer Force , who were "  orchestrating violence for their own selfish motives . " The British flag , the Union Jack , has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists -- primarily Protestants -- who want to remain part of the United Kingdom and Irish nationalists calling for Northern Ireland to join Ireland . Northern Ireland 's political leaders have called for an end to the pro-British protests , and politicians , clergy and community met Sunday to discuss possible ways to bring about an end to the unrest . "  Everyone involved needs to step back . The lack of control is very worrying , " Chief Constable Matt Baggott told CNN . "  The only answer is a political solution . " A large number of police officers have been pulled away from their normal duties to deal with the demonstrations , Baggott said . If this continues , "  it will eat into our ability to deal with drugs , into our ability to deal with alcohol issues , and deal with what is a very severe dissident threat . " Among the more than 70 arrested since the protests began was a 38-year-old man who was arrested Saturday on suspicion of attempted murder and being in possession of a gun . Police said that at the time of the man 's arrest , there were reports of shots being fired at police . Read more : Policewoman targeted as Northern Ireland tensions rise The vote on the flag followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police officers injured . The majority of the island gained independence in 1921 , following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant loyalists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as "  the Troubles . " Read more : Police : Loyalist paramilitaries behind Northern Ireland violence The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 , also known as the Belfast Agreement , effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants . Under the terms of the accord , groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and members of Sinn Fein , the political affiliate of the IRA , now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . Read more : Clinton urges calm amid tensions in Northern Ireland CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Authorities accuse a loyalist extremist group of " orchestrating violence " The Belfast City Council meets for the first time since its controversial ruling In December , the council voted to fly the Union Jack only on certain days The flag is a flashpoint between those who want to remain part of the UK and those who do n't
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister expressed concern Monday over Iran 's nuclear ambitions during a meeting between the two leaders . At the meeting in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal called on Iran "  to respond to efforts to remove regional and international suspicions toward its nuclear program " and stressed his country 's desire for a region "  free of weapons of mass destruction , most notably nuclear weapons . " Clinton called Iran 's recent announcement that it will start to produce higher-grade enriched uranium , "  a provocative move in defiance of United Nations Security Council resolutions " and warned that the "  increasingly disturbing and destabilizing actions " by Iran "  will result in increasing isolation . " Clinton 's comments came hours after she told a town hall meeting in Doha , Qatar , that the United States believes Iran "  is moving toward a military dictatorship . " Clinton was responding to a question about whether the United States was getting ready for military action in Iran . "  No , we are planning to bring the world community together in applying pressure to Iran through sanctions adopted by the United Nations that will be particularly aimed at those enterprises controlled by the Revolutionary Guard , which we believe is , in effect , supplanting the government of Iran , " Clinton said . "  We see that the government of Iran , the supreme leader , the president , the parliament , is being supplanted , and that Iran is moving toward a military dictatorship . Now , that is our view . " The tough comments on Iran came during Clinton 's four-day trip to the Middle East . A day earlier , Clinton called for stronger actions against Iran in the wake of its announcement that it is stepping up production of highly enriched uranium . "  Iran leaves the international community little choice but to impose greater costs for its provocative steps , " she said . "  Together , we are encouraging Iran to reconsider its dangerous policy decisions . " Speaking at the U.S.-Islamic World Forum , Clinton said the United States is "  working actively " with its partners "  to prepare and implement new measures to convince Iran to change its course . " Iran already faces U.N. sanctions . The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- the United States , Britain , Russia , China and France , all of which have veto power -- have been engaged along with Germany in discussions about possible further sanctions . While Clinton was in Qatar , Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , arrived in Israel Sunday evening to meet with that nation 's top military officials , including Minister of Defense Ehud Barak . "  Right now , diplomatic efforts continue , " Mullen said , according to the Israel Defense Forces Web site . "  The option to attack Iran is still on the table , but we 're not there yet . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said Israel "  must be wiped off the map " politically . The United States has had to assure Israel that its interests will be protected to keep its military on the sidelines . "  Conflict with Iran would be a big problem for everyone , " Mullen said . "  I worry about the unintended consequences of an attack . While every situation has limits , we 're not there yet . The diplomatic efforts must be exhausted until the end . " Iran said last week that it had completed its first batch of 20 percent enriched uranium and will soon triple production . Uranium enriched to 20 percent can set off a nuclear reaction , scientists say , but is not weapons grade . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley told CNN Monday that the United States , France and Russia recently sent a joint letter to International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Yukiya Amano challenging Iran 's decision to enrich uranium to 20 percent and emphasizing other options available to Iran so it would not need to increase enrichment . "  We referred back to the Tehran research reactor proposal from last fall that Iran has yet to accept and we alluded to the availability of medical isotopes on the international market , " Crowley said . "  Given these two legitimate and immediately available options , there is no rationale for Iran to attempt to produce its own fuel . " Asked about comments made Monday by the director of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization , Ali Akbar Salehi , to the semiofficial Fars News Agency that Iran would be prepared to stop its 20 percent enrichment , Crowley encouraged Iran to bring its ideas to the table . "  If they have ideas on how to enact the Tehran research reactor proposal , they should bring them to the IAEA and we can have another round of talks , " Crowley said . "  Within the parameters of the Tehran research reactor proposal , we are happy to discuss effective ways of implementing it . Our problem is that we had one meeting on the issue and Iran has yet to come back to the table . " The Islamic republic insists its nuclear program is solely for peaceful civilian purposes . "  But Iran has consistently failed to live up to its responsibilities . It has refused to demonstrate to the international community that its nuclear program is entirely peaceful , " Clinton said . "  And last year , the world learned of a secret nuclear facility near the city of Qom . " The country could get the enriched uranium that it says it wants for medical research by accepting a proposal under which Iran would ship its uranium abroad to be enriched and then returned , but Iran has rejected that offer , Clinton said . "  This has only deepened the international community 's doubts about Iran 's nuclear intentions , along with the Iranian government 's own isolation . " Iran has also refused recent diplomatic efforts to reach a resolution , she said . A soon-to-be released U.S. assessment of Iran 's nuclear program is expected to conclude the government has resumed limited work on a nuclear weapon , according to a U.S. official . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton calls trend of greater military lock on leadership disturbing Iran already faces U.N. sanctions Tehran insists nuclear program strictly for civilian purposes Clinton : Iran has refused recent diplomatic efforts to reach a resolution
CNN  -- Manchester City shrugged off the Carlos Tevez controversy to stay in contention for the English Premier League lead with a 4-0 rout of struggling Blackburn on Saturday . Roberto Mancini 's men remained level on points with leaders Manchester United , who struggled to a 2-0 win over promoted Norwich , but the victory was tempered by an injury to Sergio Aguero . The striker has made a huge impact since being signed to replace Tevez in pre-season , scoring eight league goals , but he went off with a groin problem in the first half . With his fellow Argentine suspended after refusing to come on as a substitute in the midweek Champions League defeat at Bayern Munich , Aguero started the match alongside the recalled Mario Balotelli . Is Tevez ` strike ' sad for soccer ? The Italian , who missed the trip to Germany , was given the nod ahead of Edin Dzeko -- another eight-goal man this season , but another City player in trouble after having to apologize to Mancini following his angry reaction when he was substituted in Bavaria . After a scoreless first half , Balotelli hit the post before young England winger Adam Johnson broke the deadlock with a superb curled effort in the 56th minute . Balotelli made it 2-0 three minutes later , then Aguero 's replacement Samir Nasri settled it with 17 minutes to play on the counter-attack as home fans called for Rovers manager Steve Kean to be sacked . Montenegro defender Stefan Savic headed in Nasri 's late corner to score the 20-year-old 's first goal for City and leave Blackburn second from bottom with four points from seven games . Rivals Manchester United also moved onto 19 points after a victory at home to 10th-placed Norwich that manager Alex Ferguson described as "  gritty . " The visitors missed several chances , and United made them pay as midfielder Anderson scored with a rare header in the 68th minute and young substitute Danny Welbeck added another with three minutes to play . "  Our home record has been fantastic for two seasons now , " said Ferguson , who made seven changes after United 's 3-3 midweek draw with Basel in the Champions League . "  This was not a good performance but we were gritty and we never gave in . That is a fantastic quality to have . " Striker Wayne Rooney returned from injury , hitting the bar late on , and should be fit for England 's Euro 2012 qualifier in Montenegro on Friday along with winger Ashley Young -- who missed the match with an ankle injury . With Chelsea traveling to Bolton on Sunday , Newcastle took the chance to claim third place after a contentious 2-1 victory at Wolverhampton . Striker Demba Ba followed up last weekend 's hat-trick with a 17th-minute header from a corner , and Jonas Gutierrez doubled the lead before halftime . Wolves were denied a penalty when referee Mark Halsey wrongly ruled that Jamie O'Hara was fouled outside the area , then Steven Fletcher pulled a goal back in the 88th minute . Mick McCarthy 's team were again denied when Kevin Doyle 's header was controversially ruled out by the assistant official , who said the ball had already gone out of play . Fifth-placed Liverpool joined Chelsea on 13 points with a 2-0 victory in the Merseyside derby that left Everton manager David Moyes fuming . Young midfielder Jack Rodwell was sent off midway through the first half for a sliding challenge on Luis Suarez , despite clearly making contact with the ball before sending the Uruguay striker tumbling . "  The sending-off ruined the game . You get lots of questions from people asking about derbies , tackles and sendings-off but that was n't even a bad tackle , " Moyes said after ref Martin Atkinson handed out his 15th red card since the start of last season . Suarez won a penalty before halftime , but Dirk Kuyt 's attempt was saved by Tom Howard . Striker Andy Carroll put Liverpool ahead in the 71st minute from Jose Enrique 's cross after Kuyt ducked out of the way , with the club-record $ 50 million signing scoring his first league goal this season . Suarez sealed it with eight to play with his fourth league goal this season , leaving unhappy Everton in 11th place . Unbeaten Aston Villa moved up to sixth with a 2-0 victory that condemned Wigan to a fifth successive defeat in all competitions . Gabriel Agbonlahor scored the first-half opener and set up fellow striker Darren Bent for the second after the break . Sunderland came from two goals down to secure a 2-2 draw at home to West Brom , who scored within five minutes through James Morrison and Shane Long . New Danish striker Nicklas Bendtner scored his first for the club since leaving Arsenal with a deflected shot in the 24th minute , and Egypt winger Ahmed Elmohamady did the same when he leveled two minutes later with a header .	Manchester City level with leaders Manchester United after 4-0 win at Blackburn Big-money signing Sergio Aguero injured before City score four second-half goals Manchester United win 2-0 at home to Norwich to stay ahead on goal difference Newcastle up to third place while Liverpool win controversial Merseyside derby
CNN  -- A national campaign to inoculate tens of millions of Americans against H1N1 influenza began Monday , with health care workers in Indiana and Tennessee targeted as the first recipients , federal health authorities said . Health care workers in Indiana and Tennessee are among the first to receive the H1N1 vaccine Monday . "  I think the world has watched history unfold , " Dr. Judy Monroe , Indiana 's state health commissioner , told reporters at Wishard Hospital in Indianapolis . Earlier Monday , the hospital received a shipment of 52 boxes -- each containing 100 pre-filled sprayers . "  This first 5,200 doses that came to Marion County is really just the tip of the iceberg , " Monroe said . Health Director Virginia Caine said the shipment will be split among the county 's hospitals . A similar scene unfolded at LeBonheur Children 's Medical Center in Memphis , Tennessee , where three children have died from H1N1 , sometimes referred to as swine flu . Jennilyn Utkov , a spokeswoman for LeBonheur , said the hospital received about 100 doses . By noon , the supply had been depleted . The vaccines shipped to both sites and to a few other places around the nation are the first of some 195 million doses the U.S. government has purchased from five vaccine manufacturers , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Dr. Jay Butler told reporters at the Indianapolis event . That number includes both spray and injectable forms . Butler , who heads the agency 's 2009 H1N1 Vaccine Task Force , has promised there will be enough for anyone who wants it . Butler said vaccine makers will ship 10 million to 20 million doses per week over the next couple of months . "  Is that fast enough ? " he asked . "  No , but it 's what 's feasible . It 's what can be done . " Monroe predicted that an ample supply of the injectable form will be available by mid-October . Last week , the CDC said it had received reports of 60 deaths of children related to H1N1 flu since April ; 11 of those deaths were reported last week alone . From August 30 until September 26 , the agency tallied 16,174 hospitalizations nationwide and 1,379 deaths associated with influenza virus infection . iReport.com : How should H1N1 be handled ? The 27 states reporting widespread flu activity are Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Mexico , North Carolina , Ohio , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , Texas , Tennessee , Virginia , Washington and Wyoming . Track the H1N1 virus " Nearly all of the viruses identified so far are H1N1 , the agency said in a posting on its Web site . "  These viruses remain similar to the virus chosen for the 2009 H1N1 vaccine " and remain susceptible to antiviral drugs "  with rare exception , " it added . Those who are at the highest risk of getting seriously ill -- pregnant women , children , young adults and people with chronic lung disease , heart disease or diabetes -- should be among the first to get vaccinated against the H1N1 flu virus , health officials have said . Understanding the H1N1 virus " According to a CNN/Opinion Corp. poll in late August , two-thirds of Americans said they plan to be vaccinated against H1N1 flu . Health care workers may not necessarily be foremost among them . In the past , about 40 percent of health care workers have opted to be vaccinated against the flu , according to the CDC . Health officials also have recommended people reduce their chances of getting sick by washing their hands frequently , sneezing into a tissue or sleeve rather than into one 's hand and staying home when sick . More than 340,000 laboratory-confirmed cases of H1N1 and more than 4,100 deaths have been reported to the World Health Organization . Many countries -- including the United States -- have stopped counting cases , particularly of milder illness , meaning that the true number is likely much higher .	NEW : Makers will ship 10 million to 20 million doses per week in next few months Health care workers in Tennessee and Indiana are first recipients of H1N1 vaccine U.S. government has purchased 195 million doses from manufacturers Two-thirds of Americans plan to be vaccinated against H1N1 flu , survey says
CNN -- At first , no one seemed to notice the young man who walked into the hotel lobby at around 7:45 that Friday morning . Boys  whose faces are blurred out in this photo  attend a "  summer camp " sponsored by Hamas . He wore a baseball cap , a backpack and dragged a wheeled suitcase behind him . He casually checked his watch as he calmly walked toward a hotel restaurant filled with Western business executives . A hotel security camera caught what happened next . In a matter of moments , the lobby was engulfed in billowing white smoke and flying debris . Another suspected suicide bomber had left his bloody mark . The bombing at the JW Marriott Hotel and the adjacent Ritz-Carlton in Jakarta , Indonesia , on July 17 killed nine people , including the presumed bombers . Investigators are looking at a link between the attacks and a Muslim terrorist group fighting a "  holy war " against the West . Terrorism is not confined to any faith or any culture . Terrorists are driven by varying impulses . Yet since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on America , terrorism has often been associated with young Muslim men . Watch as CNN 's Christiane Amanpour investigates how one madrassa student is recruited to join the Taliban " People often assume that Muslim youth who turn to violence are ill-educated fanatics inspired by visions of meeting virgins in paradise . But that portrait is rarely true , terror experts say . "  They are not crazy people , " says James Jones , author of "  Blood That Cries Out From the Earth , " a book that examines the psychology of religious terrorism . "  They -LSB- terrorist groups -RSB- wo n't recruit psychotic people , " Jones says . "  Crazy people are unstable . That 's exactly what you do n't want . " Then who are these Muslim men and women who turn to violence ? Terror experts say they are shaped by several common factors . They see no way up or out Fathali M. Moghaddam , director of the conflict resolution program at Georgetown University in Washington , says some Muslim youth may embrace violent causes because they believe they have no chance for upward mobility in their country . "  Imagine if you 're a 20-year-old and you want to get on in Egypt or Saudi Arabia , " Moghaddam says . "  You better be connected by family or know somebody important . " Many do n't view politics as a plausible vehicle for social change , Moghaddam says . Their countries are often run by dictators who crush secular opposition groups -- with the tacit support of the U . S. government , these youth believe , Moghaddam says . The only opposition groups that these Middle East dictators dare not attack are those based in the mosque , Moghaddam says . Those mosque-based groups , though , tend to be open to the influence of fundamentalists . "  There 's no opportunity for voice , no opportunity to express yourself , " Moghaddam says . "  Politics is out of the question for the secular opposition -- you 're either dead or go to jail . " Politics , though , is part of the answer for Hamas , an Islamic fundamentalist group that rules Gaza . The group , which has admitted responsibility for attacks against Israel soldiers and civilians , won a landslide victory in the 2006 Palestinian legislative election . Watch a young man who chooses to join the Hamas militia " "  Some young people are inevitably attracted to the more risky positions and actions taken by a group such as Hamas because Hamas is critical of corrupt and inept dictators in the Arab world , " Moghaddam says . "  This resonates with Arab youth . " They 're driven by a sense of humiliation Some Muslim youth may turn to violence for another reason : revenge . Basel Saleh , an assistant economics professor at Radford University in Virginia , recently studied the socioeconomic factors that helped shape 82 Palestinian suicide bombers and 240 militants . He says he knows those factors firsthand . Saleh 's father 's village was razed by the Israelis in 1948 and is now an Israeli settlement . He says he grew up in the West Bank where he once considered using violence to vent his anger after a group of Israeli soldiers came to his family 's home unannounced and interrogated him while his younger sister cried . "  But I was on the verge of getting there , " he says . "  I almost crossed that line . " Most Palestinian youth who did cross that line were n't driven by religion , Saleh says . "  Many were n't motivated by Islamic fundamentalism , " Saleh says of the Palestinian militants in his study . "  They were motivated primarily by personal grievances . They had been arrested , shot or seen family arrested . " Saleh says some Palestinian youth who believe Israeli soldiers have mistreated their family members may feel duty-bound to retaliate with violence . Protecting one 's family against humiliation is important in Middle Eastern culture , he says . "  If anything is done to your family , it 's personal , " Saleh says . "  It has to do with the honor of the family . Family is everything in the Middle East . Your honor is defined by your family . " Saleh says if Israel did more to help improve Palestinians ' living conditions , fewer Palestinian youths would turn to violence . "  You have to open a new path for them -LSB- Palestinians -RSB- , " he says . "  They want freedom of movement . Give them an airport , a port . Do n't demolish their schools and their universities . Pay attention to basic human rights . " The anger felt by some Palestinian youth is also stoked by propaganda , says Michael Jacobson , a senior fellow in The Washington Institute 's Stein Program on Counterterrorism and Intelligence . Hamas sponsors children television shows and summer camps that are designed to indoctrinate Palestinian children with the same message , Jacobson says . Watch Amanpour go inside a Hamas boys summer camp " "  From an early age , they 're taught that fighting the jihad against Israel and being a martyr are great things to be , " says Jacobson , author of "  The West at War : U.S. and European Counterterrorism Efforts Post-September 11 . " Other extremist groups use another medium , the Internet , to radicalize Muslim youth , says Jones , author of "  Blood That Cries Out From the Earth . " Muslim youth who spend time on the Internet are exposed to sophisticated videos from terrorist groups showing Muslims being killed in places such as the West Bank , Iraq and Chechnya , Jones says . The sophisticated videos tell the life stories of young Muslims who have volunteered to be martyrs , Jones says . "  There 's this constant message that Islam is under attack , " Jones says . "  Your brothers and sisters are being killed . It 's your duty to do something for them . " They 're driven by a need to join a cause Jones says the appeal of terrorist groups taps into an even deeper yearning in many youth , no matter their religion or culture : the desire to give one 's self to a transcendent cause . Jones , who joined civil rights demonstrations in the South during the 1960s , says he knows how exhilarating it can be for young people to join a cause that they believe demands some form of sacrifice . Any effort to turn Muslim youth away from violent groups must make a similar appeal , and come from fellow Muslims , Jones says . "  We need something that has an equal amount of passion and moral seriousness that makes them believe they are making the world better , " he says . "  We need something with those elements but something that 's more constructive than blowing yourself up . "	Most assumptions about young Muslim terrorists are wrong , experts say They say those that turn to violence are shaped by several common factors Terror expert : ` They are not crazy people '
CNN  -- Throw a little celebratory glitter for "  Dancing With the Stars . " Despite being in its 18th season , the ABC reality series still managed to make Monday night 's premiere feel fresh . Part of that is thanks to Erin Andrews , the Fox Sports personality who 's taken over co-hosting duties from Brooke Burke-Charvet , but Monday 's episode also debuted a set makeover , a new band and a new twist on voting . Every week , celebrities pair up with their assigned professional ballroom dancers to learn a dance routine to perform for the judges . With a combination of votes from viewers and scores from the judges , each celebrity competing vies to be the star with the highest score weekly so he or she can advance to the next round . Those who land in the bottom are eliminated from the show . But to shake up the process , "  DWTS " is now allowing viewers to vote for stars to switch pro partners midway through the season . The cast this year includes child stars such as Danika McKellar  aka Winnie from "  The Wonder Years "  and Candace Cameron Bure  D.J. Tanner from "  Full House "  , plus "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta 's " NeNe Leakes , comedian-TV host Drew Carey , and champion ice dancers Charlie White and Meryl Davis . White , who 's paired with Sharna Burgess , and Bure , who 's dancing with Mark Ballas , had the top two routines of the night .  The "  Full House " actress caught the judges off guard with her skills . Carey , Leakes and McKellar , whose fox trot got thunderous applause , all earned scores that landed them in the middle . Davis ended up scoring below her ice-dancing partner White , earning just a 24 to White 's score of 27 .  That difference made at least one viewer wonder if the judges are playing favorites . The real standout of the night was Billy Dee Williams  as we predicted  . The 76-year-old "  Star Wars " actor not only pulled off a cha-cha with pro partner Emma Slater to the movie 's theme music , but he did it with two Stormtroopers and R2-D2 . The audience -- which included some Ewoks -- loved it , but the judges thought his routine was lacking energy and gave him the lowest score of the night , a 15 . The first elimination in the 18th season of "  Dancing With the Stars " will take place next week .	"  Dancing With the Stars " gets a makeover for its 18th season premiere It includes a new band , a twist on voting and a new co-host Top performances of the night were from Candace Cameron Bure and Charlie White At the bottom was Billy Dee Williams
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has gone to the dogs , and at least one justice found the results to be laughable . The HBO television news satire "  Last Week Tonight " found a clever way to illustrate the court 's public sessions , which are closed to cameras . Audio of the oral arguments -- where the justices debate the issues with opposing counsel -- is recorded and made available to the public . The solution -- pair each of the nine robed justices -- as well as the lawyers and court staff -- with a dog  or a duck in one case  , with fake paws . It 's an exercise in democracy that has to be watched for the full effect . The work of the court is very important , but the current courtroom setup without cameras is "  boring " to the general public , making media coverage "  unwatchable , " said the show 's host John Oliver . But with animals sitting on a mock bench over actual audio of the nine justices , "  the video makes it irresistible . " The featured case was from earlier this month , over whether a Muslim prisoner had a First Amendment right to keep his beard for religious reasons , in the face of strict security policies by corrections officers . "  I thought it was hilarious , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said of the dog video at a Washington event earlier this week . "  And I imagine my colleagues who have seen it would share that view . " Ginsburg was portrayed as a Chihuahua , complete with glasses . For the record the other members of the court and their canine counterparts : Chief Justice John Roberts  German shorthaired pointer  ; and Justices Antonin Scalia  bulldog  ; Anthony Kennedy  boxer  ; Clarence Thomas  Rottweiler  ; Stephen Breyer  beagle  ; Samuel Alito  Portuguese water dog  ; Sonia Sotomayor  Boston terrier  ; and Elena Kagan  bull terrier  . The playfully mocking tone of the skit raises a more serious concern . There have been calls for years to allow cameras in the court , for public benefit . A television ad released in February urged the justices to do just that , saying , "  It 's time for a more open judiciary . " The biggest concerns raised by the justices are that having cameras will upset the personal dynamic between them that make oral arguments so unique and useful to their later deliberations and opinion-writing . Most of them -- past and present -- have been opposed to cameras , while denying they operate in "  secret . " Scalia and the now-retired David Souter have been particularly outspoken . Souter told a congressional panel in 1996 that cameras in the high court would come "  over my dead body . " Scalia has said he worried the media would only air tiny snippets of video from a detailed case being argued , thereby giving a distorted impression of what the court does . "  It 's news entertainment , and whatever , and they  the media  want ` man bites dog ' stories , " he has said . "  They do n't want people to watch what the Supreme Court does over the course of a whole hour argument . " For the record , no man bit any of the dogs in the making of the new video , but one animal was seen drinking sloppily from a glass . On the bench , the justices wear plain black robes and are referred to by their official title . Off the bench , however , the court 's oldest member might prefer a t-shirt and her fresh moniker : Notorious R.B.G. . A hip fan page tribute to the pioneering jurist on the microblogging site Tumblr -- "  Ruth Bader Ginsburg in all her glory " -- includes a way to show your admiration -- buy a t-shirt featuring the diminutive Brooklyn native . Ginsburg certainly has . She told NPR 's Nina Totenberg at a New York event earlier this month that she gives them away to friends . "  I think a law clerk told me about this Tumblr and also explained to me what Notorious RBG was a parody on . And now my grandchildren love it and I try to keep abreast of the latest that 's on the Tumblr , " she said . "  I have quite a large supply " of the shirts . Ginsburg has previously applauded Shana Knizhnik , a law student at New York University , who created the site and the nickname -- a play on the late rapper Biggie Smalls , who was also known as Notorious B.I.G. It 's not the only Ginsburg-palooza floating around popular culture . After her recent sharp dissents in cases involving affirmative action and voting rights gained national attention , activists began placing homemade stickers around the nation 's capital , labeled "  Ca n't Spell Truth Without Ruth . " There 's even a tribute song on YouTube . The 81-year-old justice has seen a recent surge in popularity , and -- rare for a sitting justice -- has given a number of media interviews in the past year . She has publicly , but politely , resisted calls from many on the left to step down from the bench now , to give President Obama another chance to enhance his legacy with a justice who might serve for decades . Justice Scalia , her best friend on the court , has also attracted his share of fan-boy support , with various tribute forums , including http://ninomania.blogspot.com/ .	John Oliver 's "  Last Week Tonight " used dogs to illustrate the court 's public sessions , which are closed to cameras Dogs were robed to represent each justice on the court while audio from the hearing played in the background Justice Ruth Ginsberg called the video "  hilarious " Gingsberg is also a fan of a Tumblr page that sells "  Notorious RBG " shirts
CNN  Responding to the massacre at the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , President Barack Obama and other public figures such as John Kerry , author Salman Rushdie -- even the far-right nationalist French politician Marine Le Pen -- have defended the right to freedom of expression as a core democratic value . Huge demonstrations in solidarity with the victims are occurring throughout France and in many European capitals . The slogan "  Je suis Charlie Hebdo " is circulating widely in social media . Twitter is inundated with tweets about the political power of satire . Pictures of demonstrators holding pens in the air abound . Freedom of expression is undeniably worth defending but is too narrow a frame for this event . With this horrific event , Le Pen may well have become the front-runner in France 's 2017 presidential elections . These killings will reverberate throughout the shaky European Union , where nationalist parties of all stripes are warning of the dangers of too much immigration . The political mood in Europe has been growing dark . Volatility is becoming more and more constant . In December , the Swedish government went into a crisis triggered by the right nationalist Sweden Democrats , which are vehemently opposed to more immigration and whose leader recently proclaimed that Jews , Kurds and Sami were not Swedish unless they assimilated . A last-minute compromise among the major parties saved the day in Sweden , but the Sweden Democrats -- whose electoral share went from 6 % in 2010 to 13 % in 2014 -- are not leaving the scene . In Greece , where the openly neo-Nazi party Golden Dawn has been in the parliament since 2012 , the pro-Europe government came apart and the Prime Minister has called snap elections for January 25 . In Germany , a group called Pegida staged large demonstrations in Dresden against the "  Islamification of Europe . " Prime Minister Angela Merkel in her New Year 's address told the group to stop its demonstrations , but Pegida staged another one in Dresden anyway . And now France . Le Pen 's goal since she became head of the National Front in 2011 has been to make it a mainstream party . In 2014 , it moved from one electoral breakthrough to another . In March it won mayoral races in four French municipalities , including the traditionally socialist city of Hnin-Beaumont . In May , it came in first place in the European parliamentary elections -- which saw an uptick in the fortunes of right nationalist parties throughout Europe . Le Pen has consistently polled well as a contender in the 2017 French presidential elections . Even before the Charlie Hebdo attack , it was more than likely that she would make it to the second round in 2017 . In an October public opinion poll , she outpolled French President Franois Hollande by 15 percentage points . Her closest rival was former French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and she outpolled even him . The international media often present her as a single-issue candidate around xenophobia and immigration , but Le Pen 's and the Front 's positions have expanded considerably . Her father , Jean-Marie Le Pen , the former head of the party , began a strong push against further European integration and French involvement in the Economic and Monetary Union . Unemployment outpaces immigration as the leading problem in public opinion polls . But politicians take opportunities where they see them , and voters tend to remember dramatic events as well as everyday grievances . Nothing could be more dramatic than the public killings of 12 persons in the center of Paris . They may well become a tipping point -- Europe 's 21st-century version of a Sarajevo moment . Europe has been convulsing for the last few years . The sovereign debt crisis , the high youth unemployment rates , the failure to come up with a just and reasonable refugee policy -- all these issues may crystalize around of the event in Paris whether they are directly related or not . The nationalist right has been gaining strength all over Europe on just these issues . The Charlie Hebdo massacre will not only help Marine Le Pen but will be a boon to nationalist parties throughout Europe . From north to south , ordinary European citizens are already voting for parties that they had shunned in the past . If this trend continues , there will be no guns of August -- just the silent assault of one nationalist electoral success after another .	Mabel Berezin : Paris attack will boost far-right 's calls for brakes on immigration She says attack is tipping point -- a troubling boon to nationalist parties in Europe
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- An unintentional fireworks explosion rocked downtown Beirut on Thursday , injuring five civilians who were working with a local non-governmental organization , a Lebanese interior security forces source told CNN . The blast , which occurred around 8 p.m.  1 p.m. ET  , left a crater on fire next to Martyr 's Square . Those hurt were working with the fireworks for a celebration on Thursday , which is Army Day in Lebanon , when a large firework never launched and instead exploded on the ground , the security forces source said . They 'd been working on a grassy area , which is one reason that there was no significant damage to nearby buildings , despite the substantial size of the blast . Ambulance crews and firefighters converges on the scene , the latter trying to put out flames that had spread into the grass . Watch : Fireworks disasters	An accidental fireworks explosion rocks downtown Beirut 5 who 'd been working with the fireworks are hurt , a security forces source says A large firework never launched and exploded on the ground , he adds
Norfolk , Virginia  CNN  -- Mitt Romney on Saturday announced U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as his running mate for the White House -- a bold and risky move that energized both conservatives and their opponents . Ryan is a rising Republican star and the party 's leader on fiscal and budget issues . He said he is overwhelmed by the reaction to the announcement that he is Romney 's running mate . "  I was amazed at the energy , the crowd , people who just want to see us take the country in a different direction , " Ryan said . "  It 's very exciting . We 're going to win this campaign . We 've got the wind behind us . I 'm really excited about this race . " How Romney campaign kept Ryan tap under wraps Ryan is the architect of a Republican spending plan that would overhaul many entitlement programs , making him a favorite of conservatives , whose support for Romney , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , has been shaky . "  You saw the response of our crowds , very excited to meet Paul Ryan to get to know him , " Romney said . "  A lot of them know him pretty well by virtue of things he 's been fighting for , but it just means one more person to drive a very strong message . " But the Romney camp was also quick to put some distance between Ryan 's initial budget blueprint and his own . "  Gov. Romney applauds Paul Ryan for going in the right direction with his budget , " the campaign said , "  and as president he will be putting together his own plan for cutting the deficit and putting the budget on a path to balance . " His running mate choice draws some clear lines with Romney 's Democratic opponents over the size of the cuts in Ryan 's plan and his prior votes on taxes , which they say favor the wealthiest Americans -- a point of contention in an election in which both sides consider themselves champions of the middle class . "  Congressman Paul Ryan is an outstanding choice as our country 's next vice president , and today 's announcement demonstrates Governor Romney 's commitment to returning fiscal sanity back to Washington , DC. , " said former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , who mounted the strongest conservative challenge to Romney 's campaign in the Republican primaries . "  I have long supported Paul Ryan 's fiscal and entitlement reforms to return our country back on a path of fiscal health . " Ryan , 42 , is considered a policy wonk and conservative Catholic likely to energize the GOP base and sharpen the campaign 's focus on government spending and the economy . That could boost Romney 's appeal among middle-of-the-road Catholic voters in battleground states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania , though Ryan offers little in the way of foreign policy experience . The House Budget Committee chairman was chosen ahead of Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio . A campaign aide told CNN that Romney decided on Ryan on August 1 . GOP sources said Friday that the latter three had all been told that they would n't be getting the nod . Meanwhile , Vice President Joe Biden contacted Ryan , welcoming him to the race , saying that he "  looked forward to engaging him on the clear choice voters face this November . " And Democrats were quick to make Ryan 's fiscal policies a target . Analysis : A bold but risky choice for running mate "  Congressman Paul Ryan and Mitt Romney are a match made in millionaires ' heaven , but they 'll be a nightmare for seniors who 've earned their Medicare benefits , " said New York Rep. Steve Israel , chairman of Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , "  For the last 18 months , we 've said Republicans will have to defend the indefensible -- their vote to end Medicare . Now with Congressman Ryan on the ticket , House Republicans face the one thing they hoped to avoid -- a national debate on their budget that puts millionaires first and Medicare and the middle class last . " The announcement comes at the end of a week in which Democrats continued relentless attacks on Romney over his refusal to reveal more of his tax records and which saw three polls in 24 hours showing Obama with a growing lead over his Republican challenger . A CNN/ORC International poll released Thursday showed a big jump in those who had an unfavorable opinion of the GOP candidate . While some analysts saw Romney 's choice as risky , others thought Romney had to go big . "  With Mitt Romney losing ground to President Obama in the polls , I do n't see the selection of Paul Ryan as ` risky , ' I see the choice as bold and necessary , " Republican consultant Ford O'Connell told CNN . Timeline : Paul Ryan through the years CNN senior political analyst David Gergen says the Ryan pick is "  an opportunity for the Romney campaign to go on the offense . " Ryan , appearing with Romney in Norfolk , Virginia , at the beginning of a four-day , four-state bus tour moved quickly to position himself and Romney as champions of voters dissatisfied with the economy and to draw his own contrasts with President Barack Obama . "  We wo n't duck the tough issues , we will lead ! " Ryan told a cheering crowd on the battleship USS Wisconsin . "  We wo n't blame others , we will take responsibility . We wo n't replace our founding principles , we will reapply them . " "  I hear some people say that this is just ` the new normal . ' Higher unemployment , declining incomes and crushing debt is not a new normal . It 's the result of misguided policies . And next January , our economy will begin a comeback with the Romney plan for a stronger middle class that will lead to more jobs and more take-home pay for working Americans . " Romney called Ryan "  a faithful Catholic " who "  believes in the worth and dignity of every human life . " He lauded the fifth-generation Wisconsin native serving his seventh term in Congress as "  an intellectual leader of the Republican Party " and a person who will help lead the country "  to widespread and shared prosperity . " Romney introduced his running mate saying that his "  integrity is unquestioned and his word is good . " Paul Ryan , top GOP voice on fiscal matters But Romney , 65 , initially flubbed his big line , announcing , "  Join me in welcoming the next president of the United States , Paul Ryan ! " He recovered moments later when Ryan took the stage , saying , "  Every now and then , I 'm known to make a mistake . I did not make a mistake with this guy , but I can tell you this : He 's going to be the next vice president of the United States . " At a later stop in Manassas , Virginia , Ryan picked up again on the economy . To choruses of "  no " from the crowd , Ryan asked , "  Do you think the economy is heading in the right direction ? Do you think we 're getting our debt and deficit under control ? Do you think the country is on the right track ? " "  Do you know why ? he asked . "  Because President Obama is our president and he has put all of his policies in place and they 're just not working . " Romney then took the microphone , touting energy independence , improved worker skills and enhanced trade opportunities . First , he drew cheers for his choice of Ryan . "  If you said one word about Paul Ryan it would probably be leader , " Romney said . "  This is a man who learned leadership young because leadership is a function of character and courage . " Accolades on the veep choice poured in from Republicans . In a statement , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell called Ryan , the House budget chairman , "  a confirmation that Gov. Romney is serious about strengthening America 's economic future , tackling the deficits and debt that have skyrocketed under President Obama , and returning to a path to solvency and security . " Pawlenty , in New Hampshire , called Ryan "  a respected leader and a bold thinker regarding the changes needed to restore America . " But the Obama campaign reacted to the announcement making familiar charges against the architect of GOP budget plans and tried to tie him to the incumbent 's predecessor , which is consistently blamed for the country 's economic doldrums . "  In naming Congressman Paul Ryan , Mitt Romney has chosen a leader of the House Republicans who shares his commitment to the flawed theory that new budget-busting tax cuts for the wealthy , while placing greater burdens on the middle class and seniors , will somehow deliver a stronger economy , " it said in a statement . "  The architect of the radical Republican House budget , Ryan , like Romney , proposed an additional $ 250,000 tax cut for millionaires , and deep cuts in education from Head Start to college aid . His plan also would end Medicare as we know it by turning it into a voucher system , shifting thousands of dollars in health care costs to seniors . As a member of Congress , Ryan rubber-stamped the reckless Bush economic policies that exploded our deficit and crashed our economy . Now the Romney-Ryan ticket would take us back by repeating the same , catastrophic mistakes . " Democratic attacks on Ryan focus on changes to Medicare and Medicaid The bus tour will take Romney through major media markets in four battleground states -- Virginia , North Carolina , Florida and Ohio . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , once a potential running mate , introduced Romney . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , a Richmond native , joined Romney at stops in the commonwealth on Saturday . Prior to Saturday 's announcement , many Republicans who spoke to CNN -- all of them granted anonymity to speak freely without angering Romney officials in Boston -- wondered why Romney would announce the pick on a weekend when millions of potential voters are likely to be distracted by the Olympics , PGA golf , late-season baseball and the box office release of the latest Bourne thriller . Opinion : How Ryan could help Romney What do you think of Romney selecting Ryan as his running mate ? Let us know on CNN iReport . CNN 's Peter Hamby , John Helton , Martina Stewart , Rachel Streitfeld and Tom Watkins contributed to this report	NEW : Ryan learned leadership at a young age , Romney says Ryan wrote a GOP budget plan , which seeks to revamp entitlement programs Biden welcomes Ryan to the race , which he says will provide "  clear choice "
CNN  -- Inter Milan spurned the chance to close the gap on Italian league leaders Juventus after they had to rely on a late own goal to salvage a point at home to Cagliari . Andrea Stramaccioni 's side could have pulled to within three points of the Serie A champions had they beaten Cagliari but despite taking the lead they were thankful to Davide Astori for putting through his own net with eight minutes remaining . Rodrigo Palacio had given Inter the lead after just ten minutes when he nodded home a cross from Antonio Cassano . But just before halftime Italian striker Marco Sau grabbed the first of his two goals when he fired Andrea Cossu 's cross into the bottom corner . Inter 's Argentinean forward Diego Miltio squandered a glorious chance to restore Inter 's lead when he hit Yuto Nagatomo 's pass over the bar from six yards with the goal gaping . It was to prove a costly miss as Sau got his second on 66 minutes , turning home the loose ball after Mauricio Pinilla 's overhead kick cannoned back off the upright . But Cagliari could n't hold on for their first league win at the San Siro since 1995 as Astori fired into his own net when attempting to clear a cross . Stramaccioni was sent to the stands for his complaints after the referee turned down a penalty appeal as Andrea Ranocchia was fouled but despite intense pressure in the closing minutes Inter could n't find a winner . Elsewhere , two goals from Alberto Aquilani helped Fiorentina to a 4-1 victory over Atalanta as they moved into third while Udinese and Parma drew 2-2 . Francesco Valiani 's goal helped Siena beat US Pescara 1-0 , Bologna thrashed Palermo 3-0 and Catania beat Chievo Verona 3-1 . Sunderland grabbed only their second victory of the season in the English Premier League as they got the better of 10-man Fulham at Craven Cottage . The match turned on the first half dismissal of Fulham 's Norwegian defender Brede Hangeland who was shown a straight red for a lunging tackle on Lee Cattermole . Sunderland , who had scored just seven goals in their opening ten games took the lead through Scotland striker Steven Fletcher after he ran on to a pinpoint ball from former Manchester City winger Adam Johnson . Fulham drew level when substitute Mladen Petric fired home from close range but Carlos Cuellar restored Sunderland 's lead almost immediately , before Stephane Sessegnon completed the scoring with a superb shot from range . In Spain , 10-man Atletico Madrid beat lowly Granada 1-0 to go second in the table behind leaders Barcelona . Turkish international Arda Turan got the winner before Mario Suarez was sent off . Levante moved up to fourth after a 2-0 away win at Deportivo La Coruna despite having Pedro Lopez sent off . Sevilla thrashed Real Betis 5-1 in their derby clash as Jose Antonio Reyes and Federico Fazio both grabbed two goals . Celta Vigo drew 1-1 with Mallorca while Getafe beat Valladolid 2-1 . In Germany , Werder Bremen moved up to seventh in the Bundesliga with a 2-1 victory over Fortuna Dusseldorf , Kevin De Bruyne grabbing the winner eight minutes from time . Wolfsburg moved away from the relegation zone and above opponents TSG Hoffenheim as they won 3-1 thanks to goals from Makoto Hasebe , Bas Dost and Naldo . Meanwhile Lyon moved top of Ligue 1 in France , capitalizing on Paris Saint-Germain 's shock defeat to Rennes on Saturday , as they defeated Reims . Anthony Weber 's own goal set them on their way before second half goals from Bafetimbi Gomis and Lisandro Lopez added gloss . Bordeaux moved up to second after Yoann Gouffran 's winner helped them beat Marseille 1-0 . Dario Cvitanich 's goal secured a 1-0 win for Nice in their mid-table clash with Toulouse .	Inter Milan miss the opportunity to close the gap on Serie A leaders Juventus Inter can only manage a 2-2 draw with Cagliari after Juve were held by Lazio Lyon leapfrog PSG at the top of Ligue 1 by beating Reims 3-0 Werder Bremen beat Fortuna D 1/4 sseldorf 2-1 in the German Bundesliga
CNN  -- A Nevada man accused of viewing pornography and fondling himself aboard a Southwest flight was arrested , federal authorities announced Monday . Daniel Drinan , 63 , was taken into custody Saturday night at Denver International Airport on charges of committing lewd , indecent or obscene acts in public aboard an aircraft , the U.S. Justice Department said Monday in a news release . Drinan appeared Monday in a Denver court , where he was advised of his rights and appointed an attorney , said Justice Department spokesman Jeffrey Dorschner . Federal prosecutors did not ask that Drinan be detained and the judge let him walk free on personal recognizance -- and on the condition that he not fly , including to future court appearances -- said Dorschner . The arrest followed a Saturday night flight between Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Maryland and Denver . An affidavit filed in conjunction with the criminal complaint states that Drinan sat down , hooked up his laptop computer to the airline 's Wi-Fi Internet service and began viewing pornography . A person seated nearby noticed a man fondling himself and ultimately alerted a flight attendant , the Justice Department said , citing the affidavit . A male flight attendant arrived and , after finding the suspect 's genitalia exposed , told him to "  put his pants back together , " according to the federal department . Drinan allegedly tried to use his laptop at times to hide his activity , investigators said . He is scheduled to be arraigned on September 19 , according to Dorschner . Drinan 's location could not be confirmed Monday night , nor could it be determined which attorney was representing him . The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Denver Police Department are investigating the case , with Assistant U.S. Attorney James Allison in charge of the prosecution , according to the Justice Department . If convicted , Drinan could be sentenced to as many as 90 days in jail and be compelled to pay a $ 250 fine .	Daniel Drinan , 63 , was arrested Saturday after his Southwest flight landed in Denver He allegedly viewed pornography and fondled himself on the plane , authorities say A judge released him on his own recognizance , though he ca n't fly , a spokesman says
CNN  -- Chris Robinson 's family is used to being a bit ahead of the curve . After selling caskets at a general store in Easley , South Carolina , an ancestor opened a funeral location in a separate building . Most other parlors in town operated in homes converted for the purpose . "  People thought he had overbuilt at the time , " said Robinson , general manager and vice president of Robinson Funeral Home . "  He was very forward thinking because we utilized that building for years . " Robinson Funeral Home is undergoing its fourth addition and will feature a first for Easley -- Starbucks coffee . A new lobby will lead to an area where baristas hired by Robinson will discreetly serve Frappuccinos to mourners and the public alike . Robinson told CNN Wednesday the family , which operates two other funeral homes in the area , is getting positive feedback from the community . "  When people have visitations , people come out and support families , " he said . "  This is another way to do that . " Coffee has long been part of the family business . The general store , now selling clothing , featured a potbelly stove where townspeople would drink coffee and "  solve the world 's problems , " Robinson said . The Coffee Corner , he said , will be a respectful distance from the chapel . "  If this provides them a little escape and gives them a break from the stress they are going through , that 's what it 's all about , to make them feel better , " Robinson told CNN Greenville-Spartanburg affiliate WSPA . Starbucks is providing training and equipment for the endeavor , which Robinson expects to open in August . There will be no Starbucks signage outside the funeral home , he said . The company recognizes demand in the neighborhood and is supportive because the brand will be presented in an appropriate manner , Starbucks spokesperson Alisa Martinez said . The public will be able to access the coffee area from a patio . Inside they will find tables , a fireplace , television , cash register and Wi-fi . The funeral home will continue offering its own coffee for those not interested in the Starbucks brand . Besides meeting the needs of people who have lost loved ones , the coffee shop can serve another purpose , according to Robinson . "  It will help people who are intimidated at stepping foot in a funeral home . They may not feel out of sorts , " he said . Undercover funeral home sting turns up ` significant violations ' Read more about this story CNN affiliate WSPA .	Funeral home in Easley , South Carolina , plans coffee shop It will sell Starbucks products to mourners , the public Service is a way to support families , funeral home executive says
CNN  -- Tea Party activist Mark Williams says he 's done discussing the controversy stirred up by his attack on the NAACP , accusing a fellow movement leader of turning the debate into "  a World Wrestling style personality conflict . " The National Tea Party Federation , an organization that seeks to represent the Tea Party political movement around the country , has expelled Williams and his Tea Party Express organization because of the inflammatory blog post Williams wrote last week , federation spokesman David Webb said Sunday . In response , Williams announced in another statement on his blog that , "  I am refusing all media requests on this " and canceled a scheduled interview on CNN to discuss the controversy Sunday evening , citing a last-minute change in travel plans . "  That careless individual tea partier who assumed the mantel of ` leadership ' did so long enough to turn a critical and serious movement and delicate peace with skeptical groups into a World Wrestling style personality conflict with me at the center , " Williams said . "  There are internal political dramas amongst the various self-anointed tea party ` leaders , ' and some of the minor players on the fringes see the Tea Party Express and Mark Williams as tickets to a booking on "  Fact -LSB- sic -RSB- the Nation . ' " Webb appeared on the CBS program Sunday morning to announce that Williams and the Tea Party Express -- which has held a series of events across the country to generate support for the movement -- no longer were part of the National Tea Party Federation . "  We , in the last 24 hours , have expelled Tea Party Express and Mark Williams from the National Tea Party Federation because of the letter that he wrote , " Webb said of Williams ' blog post that satirized a fictional letter from what he called "  Colored People " to President Abraham Lincoln . NAACP President Ben Jealous met Williams ' statement by telling CNN , "  Good riddance , Mark Williams . " But he praised Tea Party activists like Webb , who is African-American , for standing up and "  self-policing " their movement . "  As the movement grows up , you have to act responsibly and they have to keep doing what they just did to Mark Williams and make it clear there is no space for bigots here , period , " Jealous said . Williams wrote the incendiary blog post in response to an NAACP resolution that called on Tea Party leaders to crack down on racist elements in the movement . The 101-year-old civil rights group cited signs carried at Tea Party events and racial slurs reportedly shouted at black members of Congress during the heated debate over health care as examples of racism in the movement . "  Dear Mr. Lincoln , " began the fictional letter posted by Williams . "  We Coloreds have taken a vote and decided that we do n't cotton to that whole emancipation thing . Freedom means having to work for real , think for ourselves , and take consequences along with the rewards . That is just far too much to ask of us Colored People and we demand that it stop ! " Williams went on to write that the Tea Party movement could n't be racist because it opposed government bailouts for Wall Street banks and big corporations . "  Bailouts are just big money welfare and is n't that what we want all Coloreds to strive for ? " the posting said . "  What kind of racist would want to end big money welfare ? What they need to do is start handing the bailouts directly to us coloreds ! " Williams , a conservative talk radio host , said the post was intended as satire . He took it down as criticism mounted . Some political leaders interviewed on Sunday talk shows also said the Tea Party movement itself was n't racist , but needed to distance itself from any elements that bring prejudice and bigotry to its events . "  There are some members who have used the Tea Party -- whether it 's the Tea Party itself , there are some individuals who have tried to exacerbate racial tensions in this country , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  I have seen some virulent fliers that have been directed at our members , clearly referencing race , the president 's race and race generally . " On the same show , however , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , steered clear of the issue , saying : "  I am not interested in getting into that debate . "	Williams says Tea Party controversy is "  a World Wrestling style personality conflict " The National Tea Party Federation has expelled Williams and his Tea Party Express Williams wrote a satirical letter that opponents say was racist The firing signals a possible split in the Tea Party movement
CNN  -- Ernie Els survived some nervy moments to secure his second successive Arnold Palmer Invitational title in Orlando on Monday . The South African 's charge for the trophy was halted by bad weather on Sunday night , forcing play to be abandoned when he was leading by two shots with four holes left . Els recorded four pars to end his round on a total of 277  -11  but had to rely on his powers of recovery to avoid dropping shots on the sodden course . He sank an important putt on 15 to save his par before putting his drive on the following hole into the trees . He regained control to prevent dropping a shot before chipping out of a difficult lie on 17 to make another par . American Kevin Na cut Els ' lead to just one stroke on the 16th hole but his hopes ended when he left his par putt short on 18 . "  It was a tough finish for me , " Els told reporters . "  I 've been thinking about these last four holes for 22 hours so it was nice to finally get on the golf course . "  I kind of limped home but the work I have put in has started paying off , and obviously my short game is good . I got it up and down the last two holes . " Els claimed the WGC-CA Championship in his last outing and heads into the year 's first major , the Masters at Augusta in early April , in good shape .	Ernie Els wins the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Orlando Els holds off late charge from American Kevin Na It is the second year in a row Els has won the tournament
CNN  Eleven channels associated with the French-language global television network TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to an "  extremely powerful cyberattack , " the network 's director said . In addition to its 11 channels , TV5Monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites , director Yves Bigot said in a video message posted later on Facebook . On a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was "  hacked by an Islamist group . " ISIS logos and markings could be seen on some TV5Monde social media accounts . But there was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group . The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time  4 p.m. ET  , and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later . According to France 's Ministry of Culture and Communications , TV5Monde offers round-the-clock entertainment , news and culturing programming in French that reaches 260 million homes worldwide . It functions under a partnership that consists of the governments of France , Canada and Switzerland , as well as the Wallonia-Brussels Federation . Other networks that provide content to TV5Monde include CNN affiliates France 2 and France 3 , France 24 and Radio France International .	TV5Monde went black late Wednesday and was still out hours later The network blames an "  Islamist group " ; there 's no claim of responsibility
