Some Dominicans who have never traveled outside of their country of birth could suddenly find themselves outsiders . The citizenship of tens of thousands of Dominicans of Haitian descent may be stripped , the result of a court ruling that affects those who were born to parents who were in the country illegally . Dominicans of Haitian descent have long faced inequalities , but the enforcement of the last month 's ruling will take social exclusion to an extreme . The question of how to integrate immigrants into the national fabric and how to treat them is a familiar debate . In the Dominican Republic , as in the United States , for instance , children of undocumented parents are considered citizens if they were born in the country . But while there have been efforts in the United States to extend opportunities to even more children of immigrants , the Constitutional Court of the Dominican Republic has taken a very different approach . The court ruled that even those who were born in Dominican territory , if their parents were in the country illegally , should not have citizenship . "  This is absurd . How are they going to take away a document that I already have , that is mine , and give me one as a foreigner when I have never been outside of the country ? " said Ana Maria Belique , a representative of a movement to protect the rights of those affected . Already , since 2007 , a law blocked many Dominicans of Haitian descent from acquiring copies of their birth certificates or national identification cards . One of those blocked from getting a national ID card was 29-year-old Juliana Dequis Pierre , who then took her fight to the courts . The high court affirmed that Dequis Pierre did not meet the criteria for citizenship , even though she had been born in the country . The court went further , asking authorities to identify similar cases stretching back to 1929 . The U.N. Refugee Agency expressed concern , stating that , "  Should this process indeed be carried out without the necessary safeguards , three generations of Dominicans of Haitian descent could become stateless . " The country 's National Migration Council on Wednesday met with representatives of various government ministries and agencies to plan how the court ruling will be enacted . The government says that no one who has their citizenship stripped will be deported , and that a system to give them legal status with a path to citizenship will be put in place . That path to citizenship will include a two-year wait to begin the process . "  The Dominican government reiterates its commitment to the implementation of an immigration policy that is clear and transparent , in line with the Constitution and Dominican laws while respecting human rights and international accords , " government spokesman Roberto Rodriguez Marchena said . The government 's assurances , however , have not ameliorated the fears of Dominicans of Haitian descent , who are protesting and calling for support at home and abroad . "  This measure affects us so much that we ca n't do anything , " said Elena Lorac , the daughter of Haitian immigrants . "  This brings consequences such as not being able to work , not being able to study , to not realize the dreams that we have to get ahead in life . " Critics point out the complications that are sure to arise : What about mixed-status families ? How can it be that many who cast votes that affected election outcomes are losing that right ? What about all the taxes they paid as citizens ? "  We are not talking about immigrants , but fellow Dominicans , " said the Rev. Mario Serrano , national director of social work for the Jesuits in the Dominican Republic . Many Dominicans of Haitian descent are already among those with the fewest economic resources , and this takes away the little they have , he said . "  They do n't have access to the same rights because they are being treated like immigrants in their own country , " Serrano said . "  In truth , they have not immigrated from anywhere . Many of them have never been outside of the Dominican Republic . "	A court ruling could strip the citizenship of tens of thousands of Dominicans Those affected are Dominicans of Haitian descent Government officials meet to discuss implementation
EW.com  -- Tumblr just became a lot more than the place to find the best GIFs . In anticipation of its newest 10-episode series , "  Halt and Catch Fire , " AMC is launching a two-week , full-episode sneak preview on Tumblr and AMC.com , making it the first-ever television show to premiere on Tumblr . "  Halt and Catch Fire , " created by Christopher Cantwell and Christopher C. Rogers , follows the rise of the PC in the early 1980s , roughly one year after IBM . "  Halt and Catch Fire is a fun ride through the early days of the PC era , a time when no one could imagine a portable computer weighing less than 15 pounds , let alone one that was a few ounces and doubled as a phone , " AMC President Charlie Collier said in a statement . "  It 's a perfect show for summer and -- given the subject matter -- a good fit for Tumblr 's first TV series premiere and AMC 's first social media screening . " In addition to the launch of the new series , AMC also plans to launch a branded network Tumblr page to be integrated into AMC.com . "  Tumblr is the biggest platform for social TV and destination for many of AMC 's most passionate fans , " Global Head of Brand Partnerships at Tumblr Lee Brown said . "  We 're excited to welcome Halt and Catch Fire and the rest of AMC 's lineup to the home of fandoms through Tumblr integration on AMC.com and to offer this first look at Halt and Catch Fire to our community . " Starting on Monday , May 19 and running through Saturday , May 31 , viewers will be able to preview the new series on Tumblr and AMC.com before it premieres on AMC on Sunday , June 1 at 10 p.m. See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	AMC is launching a two-week , full-episode sneak preview The network also plans to launch a branded network Tumblr page The show premiers on television June 1
A Hamas official admitted Friday that militants from his group abducted three Israeli teens in the West Bank in June , but the official said the kidnappers did not tell their leaders about the action . The three teens were later found dead . Since then , violence has flared in the region . Saleh Aruri , a Hamas Political Bureau member , said in a statement from Doha , Qatar , the operation to abduct the teens was not approved by the Hamas leadership or its military wing , the Qassam Brigades . "  At that time , the Hamas leadership had no knowledge about this group or the operation it had just carried , " Aruri said , referring to the abductors . "  It turned out later , however , that they were members of Hamas . " Tensions between Israel and Hamas ratcheted up June 30 after the bodies of the three were found in the West Bank . Friday 's statement included no comment on the teens ' deaths . Israel blamed the disappearances and deaths on Hamas . "  Hamas will pay , " said Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Meanwhile , the Hamas-run Al Aqsa TV reported Friday that the group had executed 18 suspected informants for Israel in Gaza on Friday , the Hamas-run Al Aqsa TV reported . The developments came one day after an Israeli strike in the Gaza city of Rafah killed three senior leaders of the Qassam Brigades . Palestinian militants fired more rockets into Israel on Friday , and the Israeli Defense Forces kept up airstrikes on Gaza . Ashraf el-Qedra , spokesman for the Ministry of Health in Gaza , said 2,092 Palestinians have been killed since the conflict began in early July . That figure did not include the reported executions . The United Nations estimates that around 70 % of the dead in the conflict were civilians . The fighting has killed 68 people on the Israeli side , almost all of them soldiers . A 4-year-old boy became the latest civilian victim in Israel Friday , after a mortar shell exploded in the parking lot of a kibbutz close to Gaza , Israeli rescue services said . The boy is the first civilian casualty in Israel since the latest ceasefire collapsed , and the fourth in the recent fighting . El-Qedra said Friday that 76 Palestinians have been killed since the two sides resumed hostilities on Tuesday after the collapse of a ceasefire and talks aimed at finding a lasting end to the fighting . The truce fell apart after Israel reported that militants had started firing rockets again . Since the fighting flared up again this week , 360 rockets have been fired from Gaza toward Israel , according to the Israel Defense Forces . They have caused some injuries but no deaths . Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system has intercepted 56 of the rockets , the IDF said . The Israeli military has attacked around 200 targets in Gaza during the same period , the IDF said . Hamas , the militant group that holds power in Gaza , has warned that Israel will "  pay the price " for killing three high-ranking leaders of its military wing , the Qassam Brigades , on Thursday . Seven civilians also were killed in the bombing of the house in southern Gaza where the leaders were located . The IDF said the military leaders were responsible for "  major terror attacks against Israelis . " The Qassam Brigades ' threat this week to target Ben Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv does n't so far appear to have affected flights . Six decades of war Gaza 's zoo animals caught in crossfire Israelis jailed for refusing to serve	Operation to abduct the teens was not approved by leadership , Hamas official says The death of the teens has been followed by weeks of violence Palestinian death toll is 2,092 , according to Gaza Ministry of Health , not including executions Hamas executes 18 suspected informants for Israel , TV report says
CNN  -- Western companies operating in Africa have long underestimated the continent 's consumers , according to a top executive in one of the world 's biggest consumer goods groups . Frank Braeken , executive vice president of Unilever in Africa , said that for a long time multinationals have thought of the vast continent as a "  monolithic " market , failing to address its diversity . "  The African consumer has been underestimated , underserved and underserviced , " said Braeken . "  What I mean is we have looked at it a little bit generically , like ` the Africans , ' a little bit patronizing generically . Now we start to take the African consumer seriously . " Unilever , the maker of brands such as Lipton and Knorr , has been active in the continent for more than a century , with a presence in 15 countries and employing thousands of workers there . Read more : Are one in three Africans really middle class ? Yet , despite its long history and deep presence , Braeken acknowledged that the company had been slow in engaging with the diverse types of consumers in the continent . "  I 'm almost somewhat ashamed to admit that we are still very much in learning mode about what the differences are within Africa . " Braeken said that it was becoming increasingly clear that there were major differences between the different countries in the continent . "  What we now increasingly do is we think much more in terms of sub-clusters , where you have east Africa , where you have west Africa , where you have southern Africa , " he said . "  It is more about how you define the brand mix , how you bring it to the consumer , that we localize and that we make it relevant for the local consumer . " A recent survey by Nielsen has identified seven types of consumers that companies targeting African markets need to be aware of . "  Rather than just a continent , Africa must be viewed as 54 separate and distinct countries with a wide array of political , economic , geographical , cultural and social features , " said Nielsen 's "  The Diverse People of Africa " report . According to the research firm , there is no "  single African consumer . " Instead , Nielsen says its seven types of consumers can be grouped in three tiers based on monthly income and average spending . In the first tier belong the "  Trendy Aspirants " and "  Progressive Affluents "  wealthy , urban , well-educated Africans with high income and consumer packaged goods spending  CPG   . The second group is comprised of "  Balanced Seniors " and "  Struggling Traditionals "  middle aged , mid-income Africans with average CPG category spend  , while the third one includes "  Evolving Juniors , " "  Wannabe Bachelors " and "  Female Conservatives "  this is the continent 's biggest tier , consisting of consumers who spend much less than average on CPG categories -- see fact box  . Meanwhile , household spending in Africa is projected to increase from $ 860 billion in 2008 to $ 1.4 trillion in 2020 , according to a report by McKinsey . The growth in spending on consumer goods , telecoms and banking can turn Africa 's consumers into an increasingly attractive business proposition , creating markets large enough to be appealing for multinational firms , said McKinsey . Read more : EasyJet founder to launch low-cost airline in Africa Braeken said the emergence of a stronger middle class is only one part of the story . He argued that the focus should be on how companies can foster innovation and organizational capability to tap the collective spending power of both the high and low ends of the continent 's consumer market . "  By having a product that is more affordable you reach down , so certainly you have more consumers in your catchment area , " he said , noting that Unilever has doubled the number of stores it goes to physically in the last few years to over 400,000 . "  So certainly your products can be found in more places in Africa , so you expand your catchment area -- that to us is the real story of our growth in Africa at this moment . " Looking ahead , Braeken said he was very positive about the continent 's future but warned that there were still many issues that needed to be addressed , citing infrastructure , good governance , corruption and fostering local talent . "  I 'm very optimistic about Africa , but I say it always with a tinge of hesitation because one of the big risks is that we get carried away and therefore forget to talk about the real challenges that are still ahead of it , " he said . "  We have to keep on talking about the real issues and then I am sure that Africa can continue that path that it 's on now , and we will see not only Unilever but many other companies easily double in size from what they are today . "	Frank Braeken is the executive vice president of Unilever in Africa He says African consumers have been underserviced by western firms A Nielsen report has identified seven types of African consumers Braeken says infrastructure , good governance and fostering local talent are still challenges
CNN  -- One of the main suspects in the killings of 49 people in northern Mexico received orders from the top leaders of the Zetas cartel , a military official said Monday . Daniel de Jesus Elizondo Ramirez hurled a grenade and fired at troops with a rifle as they closed in on him , Brig. Gen. Edgar Luis Villegas told reporters . After his capture Friday outside Monterrey , Mexico , he disclosed details of the brutal slayings , Villegas said . Elizondo , also known as "  El Loco "  "  The Madman "  , is a local leader of the Zetas drug cartel in Cadereyta , Nuevo Leon , the northern Mexican city where authorities found the decapitated and dismembered bodies abandoned along a highway last week , Villegas said . The grisly discovery on May 13 drew international attention but was met with a muted response from some Mexicans living in the area , where intensifying turf battles between rival cartels have made violence a daily reality . Authorities announced Elizondo 's arrest Sunday and presented him to the media Monday , detailing his alleged involvement in kidnappings and killings in northern Mexico , and in the Zetas ' efforts to expand their reach into Guatemala . Orders for abandoning the 49 mutilated bodies last week came from the highest levels of the Zetas , Villegas said , including Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , the group 's top leader . Elizondo and an accomplice were ordered to abandon the bodies in the town 's central square , but instead left them on the outskirts , Villegas said . Authorities described him as "  one of the suspects responsible " for last week 's killings but did not specify how he was involved in the slayings . He will be detained for 40 days while authorities build their case against him , prosecutors said . The whereabouts of the suspected accomplice , another member of the Zetas who escaped during a prison uprising in February , were unclear . Last week , Mexico 's interior minister said the 49 decapitated bodies were the result of a fierce feud over territory and power between the Zetas and members of the allied Gulf and Sinaloa cartels . Banners hanging throughout the country , purportedly from the Zetas , said the notoriously ruthless cartel had nothing to do with the gruesome crime . "  This was part of a strategy to blame the actions on opposing criminal organizations ... to cause confusion among authorities and in the public opinion , " Villegas said Monday . The Zetas began with deserters from Mexican special forces , who quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as hired assassins for Mexico 's Gulf cartel . The partnership between the two criminal groups ended in 2010 . Now , officials say the Gulf cartel is allied with the Sinaloa cartel , one of the nation 's most powerful drug trafficking groups . Elizondo confessed his involvement in other attacks against authorities and members of the Gulf cartel , Villegas said , including carrying out kidnappings and executions and transporting bodies to an area where they were buried or burned . He also traveled to Guatemala with a group of Zetas hit men in 2008 , battling over territory with drug gangs there , Villegas said . Authorities have not released the identities of the victims of last week 's killings in northern Mexico . Last week , officials said investigators were seeking DNA samples from families of missing people nationwide in their efforts to identify the bodies . That will be the only way to identify the victims -- whose killers cut off their heads , hands and feet -- Nuevo Leon state security spokesman Jorge Domene told reporters . More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat cartels . According to Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission , more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time period , and the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified . Officials fear the total number of missing could be far higher , because many disappearances go unreported . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities detail violence , turf battles between cartels Suspect hurled a grenade and fired at troops as they closed in , a military official says Known as "  El Loco , " authorities say Elizondo is a Zetas cartel leader in Nuevo Leon state Announcement of his capture comes a week after 49 bodies were found along a highway
CNN  -- A huge relief operation is continuing across northern India and into Pakistan amid devastating floods that have killed hundreds of people and left tens of thousands more stranded . Authorities in Pakistan , anticipating further rainfall and the passage of floodwater to more populous areas , have warned that the worst is yet to come . The death toll is more than 400 . Pakistan reported 257 killed , and India has reported at least 150 . Hundreds more in each country have been injured . The count is expected to rise as rescuers regain access to areas cut off by floodwater . The capital of Indian-administered Kashmir , Srinagar , was also deluged , with residents perched on rooftops and other high ground awaiting rescue . Many buildings in the old part of the city have collapsed , local media report . Key infrastructure , such as bridges and roads , has been destroyed , hampering the army 's relief efforts . Emergency rebuilding Indian soldiers in the heavily flooded area rushed to erect temporary crossings in order to reach people cut off by rapidly rising waters . The focus of the Indian relief effort will remain on Srinagar and areas of south Kashmir because of the number of people still stranded without food and water , Lt. Gen. D. S. Hooda , chief of the Indian Army 's Northern Command , said at a news conference . Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the region at the weekend and immediately declared it a "  national-level disaster . " He said everything would be done to provide aid and restore bridges and communication links washed away by the incessant rains . Modi , who was elected this year , also offered to help Pakistanis affected by the huge floods . Devastation from ` flooding is unprecedented ' "  It is a matter of great distress that the retreating monsoon rains have played havoc in many parts of our two countries , " he wrote in a letter to Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , adding that "  the devastation caused by the record rains and the consequent flooding is unprecedented . " Following a period of almost nonexistent communication in the Jammu and Kashmir region of northern India , 90 3G towers have been restored . By Tuesday , 23,530 stranded people had been evacuated by army units equipped with helicopters and boats and deployed across the province . The Indian army has also employed social media to monitor distress messages and forward them to rescuers . Around 7,000 such distress messages have been relayed so far , and many have resulted in the rescue of stranded residents . "  The Indian army will not move back to the barracks till the last man is brought to safety , " Indian army Gen. Dalbir Singh said . The four-month monsoon season shows no signs of abating , with wet weather forecast for next week as well . Western regions of the subcontinent have usually seen the last of rains by early September , but the Indian Meteorological Department forecast "  heavy to very heavy rainfall " in a number of states over the next few days . Peak yet to pass In neighboring Pakistan , heavy rains have continued over the past few days , causing flooding from the main rivers of that region . Ahmed Kemal , a representative of the National Disaster Management Authority , confirmed the flooding is going to continue into the South of Pakistan into Sindh because of rising water levels in barrages , making this a nationwide crisis . "  The major peak is still to pass , " he told CNN . "  We have to realize that water is rising ; inundation is expected and will create some sort of flooding . This situation is only going to get worse . " The evacuation of northern areas of the country is underway , and as of Monday , Kemal said 18,227 people had been evacuated and moved to relief camps in northwestern Punjab province . Rainfall during this monsoon season had been below average this year , but the heavy rain of recent days has burst riverbanks across the northern part of both countries . The Jehlum and Chenab rivers in northern Pakistan have seen water levels rise by as much as 18 feet , turning parts of their courses into lakes as much 10 kilometers  6 miles  wide . The north is one of the most mountainous places in the world , and floodwater from there eventually will make its way downstream and could cause flooding in the coastal plains to the south , particularly along the course of the Indus River . Some 300 million people live in that river 's basin . As many as 1,500 stranded people have been rescued by troops using helicopters and boats from areas of Punjab , the country 's most populous region . The Pakistani army also airdropped 10,000 food packs to various flood-hit areas . Army troops have also been moved to towns in the stricken region .	NEW : Death toll in India and Pakistan is more than 400 Pakistan disaster agency representative : "  The major peak is still to pass " Most casualties are in Indian-administered Kashmir and Pakistan-administered Kashmir Main Indian-Kashmir city of Srinagar deluged by floodwater
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's new authorities found chemical weapons about a month ago and asked for international aid in securing them , a top military spokesman for the National Transitional Council told CNN Monday . "  We found mustard gas missiles in Jufra and we asked our friends to come and help us , " Col. Ahmed Bani said . He was adding details to the announcement Sunday by the National Transitional Council 's outgoing prime minister , Mahmoud Jibril , that two chemical weapons sites had been discovered . Jibril , speaking to reporters in Tripoli , said the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  OPCW  in the Hague and the United States were notified . Jibril did not provide any details about the sites , their location or when they were discovered . His announcement came the day before NATO was due to declare the end of its mission in Libya . "  Libyans have now liberated their country . And they have transformed the region , " said NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen on Friday . "  This is their victory . " International inspectors working for the OPCW left in February , the chemical weapons organization said , and do not know what has happened to Gadhafi 's stockpiles since then . But U.S. officials told CNN in August that they and NATO had been discussing Libya 's chemical weapons store with the transitional council in case the Gadhafi regime fell . "  The opposition forces are being asked to keep track of what 's going on " with both weapons of mass destruction and the regime 's inventory of surface-to-air missiles , a NATO official said . "  We have had direct eyes on the storage facilities " of the weapons for some time , the official said , including the use of satellites , drones and other surveillance aircraft . The official also confirmed that intelligence personnel from the United States and other countries had been in Libya over the summer to help maintain security at various sites . "  Individual nations have folks on the ground , " he said in August . A U.S. official also confirmed that U.S. intelligence personnel have been involved in monitoring WMD stockpiles inside Libya . Both officials declined to be identified because of sensitive intelligence matters . Jibril said Sunday the OPCW is in direct contact with Libyan authorities and is taking the necessary measures to help Libya deal with the sites . Jibril said the situation would be handled by the OPCW and that a delegation from the organization is expected to arrive in Libya on Thursday . "  The United States was notified because it is technically equipped to deal with this issue , " Jibril said . He declined to give details about the sites or weapons , but said the OPCW will make an announcement soon . "  By making this announcement , we reaffirm that the new Libya is a peaceful Libya , a Libya that abides by international law , a Libya that aims for development before anything else for the good of its people , " Jibril said . Libya 's chemical weapons stockpiles consisted of about 9 metric tons of sulfur mustard agent and more than 800 metric tons of precursor chemicals , as of February . The destruction facility was sealed before the inspectors left but the OPCW does not know what happened to it since then . The inspectors ' first job when they return will be to determine whether any of the material has been removed . In 2003 , Libya agreed to destroy its entire chemical weapons arsenal , which included some 25 tons of mustard gas and 3,300 empty aerial bombs . The entire stock of shells and bombs was literally crushed by bulldozers in 2004 . Before the outbreak of the crisis the Gadhafi regime had destroyed 55 % of its declared amounts of mustard gas and 40 % of its precursor chemicals for making weapons , according to the OPCW . CNN reported earlier this year that Libya still had approximately 10 tons of the deadly blister agent left in its arsenal , according to an assessment from the Arms Control Association . Much of the material was located at the Rabta chemical weapons facility south of Tripoli . U.S. officials say any chemical weapons material that remains in Libya would be difficult to "  weaponize " into a form that could be used to conduct attacks . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and CNN 's Tim Lister and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : Libya 's new authorities found mustard gas missiles about a month ago , they say The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons was notified "  The United States was notified because it is ... equipped to deal with this issue " Gadhafi agreed to destroy his chemical weapons in 2003 and the project was underway
CNN  -- Police in Allendale , South Carolina , are investigating whether a funeral home fit a 6-foot , 5-inch man into his coffin by severing his legs . The wife of James Hines reportedly said the funeral home told her that her husband 's coffin was long enough . A former Cave Funeral Services employee has alleged since James Hines ' death from skin cancer in 2004 that Hines was too tall for his coffin and that the funeral home took extreme measures to make him fit , Allendale County Coroner Hayzen Black told CNN . Officials exhumed Hines ' body Tuesday , Black said , and a fair amount of "  undesirable evidence " was found , although he could not comment further . The coroner 's office handed the case over to law enforcement officials for a criminal investigation , he said . Allendale Police Detective Donnie Hutto told CNN affiliate WJBF-TV that he could not comment on the condition of the body . A Cave Funeral Services employee had no comment when asked about the matter . But Ruth Hines , widow of the dead man , told WJBF that the allegations and exhumation of Hines ' body are difficult for her . "  I 'm just going through quite a bit , " she said . "  It 's like starting all over again , and it 's left me with hurt and numbness . " "  According to the measurements on the casket , and the funeral director , we asked him , ` Was this suitable for his length ? ' and he said , ` Yes that will be perfect , ' " Ruth Hines said . Hines told WJBF that her family has used Cave Funeral Services for a number of years , and she is n't sure what the family will do in the future if the allegations are true .	At 6 ' 5 " , former employee says James Hines was too tall for coffin after death in 2004 Employee told authorities that funeral home took extreme measures to make him fit Officials exhume body Tuesday , find "  undesirable evidence , " county coroner says Cave Funeral Services employee would not comment
CNN  -- South American soccer stars Kaka and Carlos Tevez have indicated they will stay at their respective clubs despite being linked with big-money moves in the European close-season . Brazil star Kaka has reportedly again been targeted by Tevez 's English side Manchester City , who wanted the former world player of the year before he moved to Spain from AC Milan in 2009 . And Tevez was expected to leave City , having asked for a transfer in January after citing his unhappiness at being so far away from his young family in their native Argentina . Kaka has struggled to make an impact at the Santiago Bernabeu since his $ 92 million transfer , and missed the first four months of this season with a knee injury . Newspaper reports have linked City , Milan and Chelsea -- whose manager Carlo Ancelotti was his coach at the San Siro -- with a potential bid for the 29-year-old , but he insists he wants to stay in Madrid . "  I want to stay at Real Madrid and I want to play for Real Madrid , " he said at a boot launch in quotes reported by the UK Press Association . "  My mother is coming to live in London next year . She is a preacher and she is coming to talk about God . But I have a challenge with Real Madrid . I do n't want to think now about playing in the Premier League or going back to Italy . "  I want to get back in good shape and play for Real Madrid next season . I have a good relationship with Carlo but the truth is that I want to stay in Madrid , I want to play in Madrid and I want to live in Madrid . " Tevez had been linked with a move to Spain or Italy , but his manager Roberto Mancini said the striker had indicated he was happy to stay in Manchester after helping City qualify for the Champions League next season and end a 35-year wait for a trophy by winning the FA Cup on Saturday . "  I spoke with him many times in the last 20 days , " Mancini told reporters after his captain scored twice in Tuesday 's 3-0 win over Stoke which lifted City above Arsenal into third place ahead of the final round . "  He has a five-year contract and he has told us he wants to stay . In December he had a problem but everyone can change his opinion . I do n't know what his representatives think . "  Carlos is an important player here . The feeling for him is good . Nowhere else can he find behavior that all people have for him . " However , Mancini 's comments came after Tevez had cast more doubt over his future following Saturday 's 1-0 win over the same opposition at London 's Wembley Stadium . "  I want to make it clear that I do n't have any problem with Roberto Mancini , despite what people have written and said to the contrary , " the 25-year-old said . "  But I need to sit down with my family , because we need to make this decision together . I repeat , there is no problem with Mancini . It is a family thing . But really , I have n't made a decision yet . "	Brazil midfielder Kaka says he is happy to stay at Spanish club Real Madrid He confirms that his mother is moving to London , where he has been linked with Chelsea Carlos Tevez will stay at Manchester City , according to manager Roberto Mancini The Argentine had asked for a transfer in January because he was homesick
CNN  -- The air is crisp , the leaves are falling and animals are starting to prepare for the winter ahead . Pull out your sweaters and hiking boots ; it 's time for a fall hike . If you have n't done much hiking in the past , have no fear . Hiking aficionado Tony Caligiuri promises plenty of hikes for the novice wishing to spend a couple hours in nature . If you 're already a veteran hiker , Caligiuri has several hiking recommendations for you . And if a hike looks to be too much for the beginner in your crowd , consider doing part of a longer hike , turning around and heading back to the starting point for a picnic or snack . Raised on a mushroom farm in Pennsylvania , Caligiuri would wander off into the woods for the day or take an overnight trip with his family and pitch a tent along the way . Now executive director of the National Wildlife Federation 's mid-Atlantic region , he hikes like most working people , often squeezing in a half-day or day hike on business trips . That 's why he started a blog dedicated to hiking experiences that do n't require endurance training . Caligiuri wants to enjoy the experience and perhaps be in good condition for "  a nice steak dinner and a glass of wine " he says . A hike that tortures his body ? Not for him . "  I 'm looking for a pleasant experience , not a 50-mile death march , " he says . "  I 'm not trying to prove a point . " Here are some of his fall favorites . Please suggest your own in the comments section below . 1 . Grayson Highlands State Park , Virginia Great views start at the trailhead at Massie Gap parking lot . Hike about three miles up to Rhododendron Gap . The Rhododendron Trail also connects to several of the most scenic miles of the Appalachian Trail . If you 're bringing small children along , you can promise them ponies on this hike  just not for riding  as a herd of friendly , wild ponies lives on the mountain . They are visible during the first mile of this walk , so you do n't have to go far from your car . There is fencing to prevent them from entering the Appalachian Trail section of the park . 2 . White Clay Creek Preserve , Delaware and Pennsylvania Caligiuri hikes the White Clay Creek Preserve at least a couple times a year . The preserve hugs the border of Pennsylvania and Delaware and is part of the Delaware River watershed . Designated by Congress as a National Wild and Scenic River , White Clay Creek and the surrounding valley offers a nice level hike along the old railbeds  part of a rails-to-trails conversion  and through an old growth forest . Energetic hikers could walk for nearly 10 miles on the gravel walk . While the local trail is actually unnamed at this point , it is a section of the larger Mason Dixon Trail that will eventually roughly follow the Mason Dixon Line . The creek side trail in this park follows the edge of the White Clay Creek for more than six miles from Pennsylvania to Delaware . 3 . Old Rag Mountain , Virginia Old Rag Mountain is in the Shenandoah National Park in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia , a couple hours west of Washington . The mountain 's eight-mile circuit includes scrambling up rocks and is considered a little more difficult , but a fit 10-year-old could do it , Caligiuri says . "  The reward is top of the mountain , a craggy peak that overlooks the Shenandoah Valley , " he says . The mountain is close to Washington , so it can get crowded on the weekends during peak fall foliage season . It is a challenging trail , especially for a complete novice . That 's why there are warnings about being careful on the trail . But Caligiuri has seen lots of kids hiking the trail and has no hesitation to recommend this to families . "  Just use common sense , " he says . And read National Park Service advisories . 4 . Walker Ranch Loop , Colorado Part of the Boulder city park system , Walker Ranch is an old ranch five miles from Boulder that 's been converted into parkland . The loop is a 7.8-mile circuit hike starting at a peak , hiking down into the river valley and back up another peak . It 's considered difficult . 5 . Salt Point State Park , California A two-hour drive north of San Francisco , Salt Point State Park offers hikers the chance to walk along the cliffs of the Pacific Ocean and enjoy sweeping views of the coast . The hike can be done as a five-mile loop . The 1.2-mile Salt Point Trail runs along the ocean 's edge . It can be combined with the park 's north and south upland trails to create a flexible-length loop hike , most of which offers spectacular ocean views . "  You can walk almost five miles through the meadows along these trails , " says Caligiuri . "  It should be gorgeous right now with the dry wildflowers , " he says . 6 . Point Reyes National Seashore , California A short drive north of San Francisco , the Point Reyes National Seashore is a very popular park , and Tomales Point is one of its popular hikes , says Caligiuri , who once spotted a golden eagle on this trail . The 11-mile hike is level and provides hikers with "  instant gratification , " he says . "  You have the bay on the right , the ocean on the left and a view to the rocky point section of the park  at Pierce Point  . There 's a managed herd of elk within view . " There 's also the remains of an old dairy ranch still standing , "  so you can imagine what it would have been like to live on this remote place on the Pacific Ocean , " he says . 7 . Hiking in the big city Think a hike needs to be in nature ? Think again , says Caliguri , who loves to "  hike " South Street Philadelphia in search of great restaurants and cheese shops . "  I will park at one end , leave a cooler in my car and fill it with cheeses and meat , " he says . "  With no summer heat , it 's a good time to be there . " He also loves to hike in New York City . Think it 's not a workout ? Walk from Harlem at 125th Street down to Battery Park City in Manhattan and think again . Or walk over the Brooklyn Bridge and enjoy the incredible views of Brooklyn , Manhattan and the East River . "  I will literally go to New York City and walk from one end to the other , " he says . "  I do n't think you have to get into a car to take a hike . A hike is an interesting walk where there are things to see along the way . I grew up in the country , in a rural area . To me , the city is exotic . " Where do you love to hike ? It can be anywhere as long as you 're moving . Please share your suggestions in comments below .	Hiking aficionado Tony Caligiuri suggests routes for novices and veterans In Virginia , Grayson Highlands State Park is on the Appalachian Trail In California , Salt Point State Park yields great views of the Pacific Ca n't get out of the big city ? Then embark on a vigorous urban ramble
New York  CNN  -- Painting , simple painting is what caused Samten Dakpa to become a victim of terror . For painting classic Tibetan images as a teenager , Dakpa says , Chinese police -- intent on suppressing Tibetan culture -- arrested , beat and tortured him , shoving his hands into a coal-burning oven . "  It was like a barbecue , " he said , describing the painful burns on his hands . Cheikhna Mahawa of Mauritania says he was arrested and tortured because he organized protests to improve education for the poor and lobbied for instruction of classic Arabic rather than the local Hassaniya dialect . Police , Mahawa says , shoved a rifle butt into his mouth , forced him to stare at the sun and beat him when he was unable to keep a cockroach within a small circle , using a stick . Aside from their victimization , what the two men share is a story of recovery made possible by the Bellevue Hospital Center-New York University program for survivors of torture , which provides care for victims from around the world , regardless of ability to pay .  http://www.survivorsoftorture.org/ "  The individuals who come to us are among the most traumatized and brutalized individuals there are , " said Dr. Allen Keller , who founded the program in 1995 . "  But they also come to us with incredible resilience , and we have the opportunity to help them heal . " Dakpa escaped from police custody , crossed the border into Nepal and then to India before finally arriving in the United States in 2003 , a dozen years after his torture . "  When Sampten first came to us , he was in excruciating pain , both physically and emotionally . He could barely use his hands , " Keller said . "  He would try to paint and he could barely hold a paint brush . When he did he would get terrifying memories of the torture he endured . " Doctors operated on Dakpa 's right hand , allowing him to hold a paint brush without pain for the first time in years . His left hand , badly scarred , still has limited mobility . "  Just these two fingers are stuck here and I can not open more than this , " Dakpa said as he tried to stretch his palm . "  Middle finger , if I try to open strongly , it hurts a lot . " So , this spring , surgeons plans to operate on the left hand . Dakpa said he had nightmares in which he was being chased along an icy river . The ice would crack and he would fall into the freezing water . Therapists helped him deal with the trauma and today , Dakpa said , he hardly has any nightmares . Mahawa has received treatment for his jaw and persistent back pain as well as psychological counseling . But , the Bellevue-NYU program does more than provide medical care . It connects patients with free legal assistance . Many , like Dakpa and Mahawa , are able to gain asylum status . Social workers also aid with English lessons , connections for employment and housing . The Survivors of Torture program , in a cramped , somewhat decrepit corridor of Bellevue Hospital , is like a international refugee center . On a recent morning , a patient from Cameroon was reunited with her two daughters , who had just arrived in the United States . Other patients patiently waited in the hallway to meet with therapists and social workers . During its 15 years , the program has treated nearly 3,000 survivors , Keller said . "  We 're able to help them heal , help them to function and get on with their lives , and that 's really gratifying . " Samten Dakpa is delighted and grateful to earn a living creating art -- without pain .  http://www.samdak.com "  I 'm feeling really relaxed when I paint . It 's very meditational , " said the torture survivor . Cheikhna Mahawa , meanwhile , feels victory over his former captors , as he teaches calculus and linear algebra at City College of New York while he pursues a doctorate there . "  Absolutely . Without a doubt , " Mahawa said when asked if it 's worth fighting for education , even to the point of becoming a victim of torture . "  What is living without wisdom ? " he asks . "  What is living without knowledge ? "	Samten Dakpa says he was tortured for painting classic Tibetan images Cheikhna Mahawa says he was tortured over education Survivors of torture from all over the world participate in the New York program
The woman who filed a harassment lawsuit against Paula Deen said Monday her suit "  has never been about the N-word , " addressing the slur that has tarnished the celebrity chef 's image and cost her endorsements , a book deal and her TV show . The statement from Lisa Jackson was the first since the scandal began last month , when Deen 's deposition in Jackson 's suit was made public . In the deposition , Deen acknowledges using the racial slur more than once "  a very long time " ago . In tearful interview , Deen slams ` horrible lies ' "  This lawsuit has never been about the N-word , " Jackson says in the statement , provided to CNN 's Don Lemon by her lawyer , Matthew Billips . "  It is to address Ms. Deen 's patterns of disrespect and degradation of people that she deems to be inferior . Opinion : We use Paula Deen to give ourselves a pass "  I may be a white woman , but I could no longer tolerate her abuse of power as a business owner , nor her condonation of Mr. Hier 's despicable behavior on a day-to-day basis . I am what I am , and I am a human being that cares about all races , and that is why I feel it is important to be the voice for those who are too afraid to use theirs . " Jackson is a former manager at Deen 's restaurants in Savannah , Georgia . She is suing Deen and her brother , Bubba Hier , alleging they committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five-year employment at Deen 's Lady & Sons and Bubba 's Seafood and Oyster House eateries in Savannah . Opinion : Can we forgive Deen ? Deen 's lawyer has called the allegations false , and Deen has said she does not tolerate prejudice . The chef , famous for her smiling demeanor and love of butter , has made tearful apologies that have failed to suppress the controversy . Since the scandal began , she has lost at least nine endorsements , her Food Network cooking show , and publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook has been canceled . Comfort food , uncomfortable topics	It is the first statement from Lisa Jackson , who filed the suit Jackson says she is white and could not tolerate Deen 's ` degradation ' Deen acknowledged her use of the N-word in a deposition in the case It has cost her numerous endorsements , a book deal and her TV show
Washington  CNN  -- A member of the U.S. military assigned to the White House Communications Agency is under investigation in connection with alleged misconduct in Colombia , bringing to 12 the total number of military personnel being reviewed , officials said Monday . One Defense Department official said the military member admitted to his leadership that he was involved in misconduct "  of some kind " while in Colombia for the recent Summit of the Americas attended by President Barack Obama . The agency is a non-White House office that provides the president with secure communications while he travels . It is staffed by members of the military who report through the Defense Information Systems Agency . A total of 24 people -- 12 Secret Service members and 12 U.S. military members -- are under investigation in the alleged prostitution scandal that occurred before Obama arrived in Cartagena on April 13 . The controversy has embarrassed the nearly 150-year-old Secret Service , which protects the president and other top officials and investigates criminal activity , and raised questions about a possible security breach immediately preceding Obama 's visit . Six Secret Service members have left their jobs in the wake of the incident in Cartagena , and one employee "  has been cleared of serious misconduct but will face administrative action , " the Secret Service said . Five other Secret Service employees are on administrative leave and have had their security clearances temporarily revoked . In addition , the U.S. military is investigating 12 of its own service members for alleged misconduct . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday that security clearances have been suspended for all U.S. military personnel involved in the incident in Cartagena , and he repeated his vow that anyone found to have violated regulations would be punished . "  We expect our people wherever they are , whether they 're in Colombia or any other country or in the United States , to behave at the highest standards of conduct , " Panetta said during a visit to the Colombian capital Bogota . "  That 's what we expect . And so we will wait for the investigation that is currently taking place . " At the White House , Press Secretary Jay Carney said Monday that there was no evidence of any wrongdoing by White House staff or advance team members . When asked about the possibility of White House Communications Agency staff members being involved , Carney pointed out that they are members of the military . "  To make clear , the Secret Service is investigating specific allegations of misconduct by members of the Secret Service . The Defense Department is investigating specific allegations of misconduct by members of the military , " he said . "  There have been no specific , credible allegations of misconduct by anyone on the White House advance team or the White House staff . "  Nevertheless , out of due diligence , the White House counsel 's office has conducted a review of the White House advance team , and in concluding that review , came to the conclusion that there 's no indication that any member of the White House advance team engaged in any improper conduct or behavior . " That drew the attention of Sen. Charles Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee . In a letter to the counsel 's office , Grassley noted that he had asked Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan whether any White House advance staff had been involved and had n't had an answer back by Monday . Grassley asked for answers to 14 questions , including details of how the White House review was conducted , whether any White House staffers had "  overnight guests " and whether any additional room charges were incurred . Also Monday , a source familiar with the investigation said that one of the Secret Service agents linked to the prostitution scandal brought a woman back to the Hilton Cartagena , the same hotel where Obama later stayed , five days before the president 's arrival . The source was not certain whether money exchanged hands or whether the Secret Service member simply brought a woman he met -- a foreign national -- to the Hilton . According to the source , the incident appeared to be separate from the one a few nights later that caused 11 other Secret Service members to be sent home for alleged heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes . Based on the investigation , there is no evidence that the women realized the Secret Service personnel were with the agency , the source said . Investigators have interviewed the prostitutes and other women involved . "  It does n't appear these women knew who the heck they were , " the source said . Meanwhile , House Homeland Security Chairman Peter King said he expects more Secret Service members to be forced out soon . "  I am very certain that within the next day or so , you 're going to see a number of people leaving the Secret Service , " said King , R-New York . King , as well as the other source familiar with the investigation , said polygraph tests administered to the Secret Service members helped get information to force out six of them . According to King , the 11 Secret Service members originally under investigation were all given drug tests , which came back negative . From the start , Sullivan told legislators how outraged he was about the scandal , promising a broad and comprehensive investigation . Most legislators seemed comfortable with the way the Secret Service has reacted to the scandal . However , both the House and Senate Homeland Security Committee chairmen are now conducting their own investigations and will probably hold hearings in coming weeks . The 11 Secret Service employees accused of consorting with prostitutes arrived earlier the same day as a part of the "  jump team " that flies in on military transport planes with vehicles in the president 's motorcade . According to sources , the alleged prostitutes -- the youngest of whom were in their early 20s -- signed in at the Cartagena hotel where Secret Service members apparently stayed , flashing their local ID cards . One of these women allegedly was later involved in a dispute about how much she was to be paid for the night , which brought the entire incident to light and sparked controversy in the United States and Colombia . That woman has been identified as Dania Suarez , whose neighbors described her as a 24-year-old single mother who studies English . Suarez has n't been seen in the neighborhood since the controversy erupted , though a visitor took suitcases from the house recently , they said . While soliciting prostitution is in most cases legal for adults in Colombia , military law bars service members from patronizing prostitutes , engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer or , for enlisted personnel , conduct "  prejudicial to good order and discipline . " It is also considered a breach of the Secret Service 's conduct code , government sources said . CNN 's Drew Griffin and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Panetta says service members must meet the "  highest standards of conduct " NEW : Grassley questions White House counsel 's review The prostitution scandal has embarrassed the Secret Service and Pentagon The White House says there is no indication any of its staff members were involved
A Spanish judge issued international arrest warrants Monday for China 's former President Jiang Zemin and former Prime Minister Li Peng for alleged genocide against the people of Tibet , Spain 's National Court in Madrid said . The warrants against them and three other senior Chinese officials are the latest chapter in a long-running lawsuit by pro-Tibetan groups and a dual Tibetan-Spanish citizen who seek international legal action against some Chinese officials . Judge Ismael Moreno issued the arrest warrants for alleged "  genocide , torture and crimes against humanity , " and ordered them to be sent to Interpol , the international police agency , according to a copy of the order viewed by CNN . The former officials will surely not be arrested in China , but there 's a "  medium chance " of them being arrested if they go abroad , "  depending on the country and its ethics , " said Alan Cantos , president of the Barcelona-based Tibet Support Committee . Cantos expressed satisfaction with the judge 's order , which his group has been pushing with its co-plaintiffs : the House of Tibet Foundation and Thubten Wangchen Sherpa Sherpa , a Tibetan who has lived in Spain for about 20 years and has Spanish citizenship . "  It shows that justice after all works , against all odds . If you let justice work , victims can have retribution , " Cantos said . The arrest warrants came on the eve of a debate in Spanish parliament , on Tuesday , that reportedly could restrict the use of the universal justice principle in Spanish courts . It holds that if human rights abuses are n't addressed in the country where they occurred , a separate country -- in this case , Spain -- has the right to seek legal action . Spanish courts have applied the principle in trying to seek justice for abuses committed under some former Latin American military regimes , but some foreign governments have complained about Spanish courts meddling in their affairs . Repeated phone calls to the Chinese Embassy in Madrid went unanswered . On Tuesday , Hua Chunying , China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson , said that Beijing was "  strongly dissatisfied " and "  firmly opposed to the erroneous acts " taken by Spanish agencies .	Former President Jiang Zemin , former Prime Minister Li Peng are accused of genocide Warrants against them and three other officials are the latest in a suit by pro-Tibetan groups Tibet Support Committee chief : There 's a chance they 'll be arrested if they go abroad Warrants come just before Spain debates seeking justice for foreign human rights abuses
Rolling Stone  -- "  This guy looks like he was created by Wes Anderson , " says Black Keys frontman Dan Auerbach as Pulp 's Jarvis Cocker gambols across the stage . It 's a couple of hours before the duo 's show on the first night of this year 's Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival , and Auerbach and drummer Patrick Carney are hanging on a couch in a backstage trailer , checking out Pulp 's opening set on a flat-screen TV . "  Holy smokes , " Auerbach continues , as Cocker gesticulates at the huge crowd just a few yards from where the Keys sit . "  Man , he 's going for it . " Carney stares at the screen . "  Maybe we should take some theater lessons . " "  I know , man , " says Auerbach with a wry grin . "  We suck . " This year marked the Black Keys ' fifth trip to Coachella , and their debut as mainstage headliners . "  I like to remember the first time we played Coachella , in ' 04 , " Carney says . "  It was hot as f ****** balls . We were sweating our a **** off , and there were very few people there . " "  It was in a tent with no ventilation , " Auerbach adds . "  It was the kind of hot where you 're completely drenched , except for the top of your head where the heat 's coming out of . " Carney chuckles . "  So if we can make it through that , which is basically , like , Navy SEALs hell week for rock & roll -- this is , like , the Palm Springs retirement . " "  Yeah , " Auerbach says . "  We made it . We 're , like , super-tough now . Tough as nails . " Tonight , the Keys return to Coachella as the festival expands for the first time to a two-weekend blow-out . "  We actually had a blue-light special at our agent 's office , " Carney deadpans . "  Buy one , you get two . " But they were n't planning any major setlist changes . Says Carney , "  We were told not one person from this festival will be there next weekend . " "  That 's what they told us , " Auerbach adds slyly . "  We 've also been told that 99 percent of the people here came to see us . We 've also been told that we 're Number One on the radio everywhere . We 've surrounded ourselves with yes-men . " Carney struggles to keep a straight face . "  Yeah . We actually hired some of LeBron 's old people . " The Keys have a busy year ahead , with gigs booked in Europe , North America and Australia , but they hope to get cracking on the follow-up to this year 's "  El Camino " during breaks from the road . "  We 're going to start soon , " Carney says . "  We 're not sure how long it 'll take , but I think we 'd both like to put another record out next year . We 've got to keep rolling the dice . " "  Daddy needs a new car , " says Auerbach . "  Yeah , " Carney adds . "  We have to buy our dads new Yugos . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	This year marked the Black Keys ' fifth trip to Coachella This was also their debut as mainstage headliners The Black Keys plan to "  put another record out next year "
CNN  -- Who 's to blame for the mine collapse that trapped 33 workers underground for months in Chile ? No one , according to prosecutors , who closed the case Thursday after a lengthy investigation . Nearly three years after the collapse at the San Jose mine in Copiapo , Chile , prosecutors said , there 's not enough evidence to file criminal charges . The 2010 mining accident drew global attention as word spread that the workers had survived and rescuers worked for weeks to free them . For 17 days after the collapse , nobody knew if they were alive . The miners spent 69 days underground before they were rescued . "  This was a complicated case , which is why it took us so long to make this determination , " regional prosecutor Hector Mella Farias said . "  And I want to be clear in saying that everything to collect evidence that the law allows was done . " Authorities investigated the case for years , he said , compiling expert analysis and testimonies that totaled more than 20,000 pages . Two outraged miners told CNN Chile late Thursday that they plan to appeal the regional prosecutor 's decision . The owners of the mine should be held responsible in a criminal case , they said , alleging that the company knew there was a risk of collapse and did n't do enough to protect workers . The miners have also filed a negligence lawsuit against the government , accusing the agency that oversees mining of failing to ensure safety measures . "  Today we heard the decision , as did many of our colleagues , and many of them are extremely shocked , " said Luis Urzua , the miners ' shift boss and the last man rescued from the mine . "  Because this is something that places responsibility upon the mine owners , because they are the entity that must supervise what happens . As supervisors , they should have prevented it . They should have known what sectors were at risk of collapsing . " The miners want future accidents to be prevented , he said , and they want the mine 's owners to be held accountable . "  We want for this never to happen again , " he said . "  What happened to us was not a work of nature . This was done by a man , by the negligence of man . " Attorneys for the mine 's owners told CNN Chile on Thursday that the prosecutor 's decision indicated that natural causes sparked the accident , and the company 's owners are not responsible . "  This decision was n't made on a whim , " said attorney Catherine Lathrop . "  It is part of a long investigative process . " Miner Juan Carlos Aguilar said the miners are n't looking for money , but they do want justice . And comments like Lathrop 's , he said , show that they have n't gotten that yet . "  She is laughing at what happened to us , " he said . "  I think any miner is going to feel the same way . If they did nothing for us , when we were trapped for 70 days 700 meters underground , what is going to happen when there 's another incident ? ... Any person can do anything in Chile , and there is no justice . " CNN 's Samuel Santamaria and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	A regional prosecutor says there is n't enough evidence to file charges Outraged miners say they 'll appeal the decision An attorney for the mine 's owners says the company is not responsible Miner : "  This was done ... by the negligence of man "
CNN  -- A Florida man pleaded guilty Thursday to murdering four relatives on Thanksgiving Day in 2009 , avoiding a possible death sentence after reaching a plea deal with prosecutors . After hearing from relatives of the victims , Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Joseph Marx sentenced Paul Merhige to seven life terms . As part of the agreement , the defendant agreed to waive any rights of appeal . "  You 'll never see the light of day , " Marx told the 37-year-old Merhige on Thursday , in front of a packed West Palm Beach courtroom . Having shaved his head and tried to disguise his 2007 blue Toyota Camry with a car cover and switching its license plate , Merhige was arrested in January 2010 at a Florida Keys motel after an "  America 's Most Wanted " viewer recognized him . He was on a computer when U.S. marshals burst into his second-floor room at the Edgewater Lodge , where he had checked in under the name John Baca , according to authorities . Merhige was then charged with four counts of premeditated murder and three counts attempted first-degree murder in the Thanksgiving night shooting deaths of his twin sisters , a 6-year-old cousin and a 79-year-old aunt at a family home in Jupiter , Florida . One of the victims -- Lisa Knight , 33 , who was one of Merhige 's sisters -- was pregnant . Her husband , Patrick , was one of two other family members who survived after being wounded in the shooting rampage , authorities said . Family members suggested in interviewers that Merhige "  had ongoing resentment " for some of his relatives , Jupiter Police spokeswoman Sally Collins-Ortiz said shortly after the shootings . Patrick Knight , who was shot in the stomach , was among the family members who told the judge Thursday that he approved the plea deal . He explained that he wanted to "  pick up the pieces " and did not want to endure "  20 years " of appeals . But Jim Sitton , whose 6-year-old daughter , Makayla , was among those gunned down , objected to the agreement as he wanted Merhige to go on trial and potentially face the death penalty . He urged the judge to delay the sentencing so he could "  prepare a proper presentation " with an attorney to detail his argument . Near the end of his statement Thursday , the judge sternly told Sitton -- then carrying a large picture of his daughter -- to "  stop ! " after he knelt down . "  This plea decision is far too important to rush through without any time for us , for all of us , to think , " said Sitton , accusing the state of trying to push the deal through . "  We 've been waiting patiently for almost two years for this case to come to trial . ... Justice is what is at stake here . " The start of Merhige 's trial had been set for January . His public defenders had filed court documents expressing their intent to defend him using an insanity defense . After Thursday 's court proceeding , State Attorney Michael McAuliffe released a statement in which he said that -- "  after careful evaluation and consideration " -- he decided to accept Merhige 's plea , having determined it is "  an appropriate resolution to the case . " Noting the disparate opinions among the victims ' family members and about the death penalty generally , McAuliffe said he felt it sufficient that Merhige "  will have no hope of having favorable rulings by a court " and "  will have no ability to affect ... the lives of those he harmed . " "  I believe that seven consecutive life sentences recognize the heinous nature of the crimes and adequately punish the defendant , " he said .	NEW : Paul Merhige waives the right to appeal as part of his plea agreement He gets seven life terms after pleading guilty to murders , but avoids the death penalty Authorities say he shot several relatives , some fatally , on Thanksgiving in 2009 Some victims ' family members rejected the plea deal , others supported it
CNN  -- Talk about a "  smart " phoneâ $ " Japan 's latest mobile phone sensation also happens to be a radiation detector . The Pantone 5 107SH is the world 's first mobile phone with a built-in radiation sensor , merging phone technology with a pocket Geiger counter , the company says . Softbank spokeswoman Natsuko Kameda says the company 's CEO decided to launch the phone after customers sent messages via Twitter asking him to develop the handy product in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster . Many of the messages , says Kameda , were from mothers with young children . "  This device will allow people to measure radiation everyday , wherever they go . People always have their mobile phones in their pocket , " Kameda said . "  If you have this radiation reading device in the cell phone , then they can check radiation at any time and it should help lower anxiety . " On first blush , the phone looks so ordinary that it 's impossible to tell there 's a radiation meter within . Softbank said the meter is small so it does n't enlarge the device . For that reason , the radiation readings are not as accurate as larger , medical radiation readers and dosimeters . But tests so far show its mobile phone radiation reader rivals current consumer brands on the market , Softbank said . The phone also allows the user to compare radiation readings with radiation maps available on the web . Japan has seen a skyrocketing demand for dosimeters and radiation monitors since the Fukushima disaster . Citizens fearful of radiation spreading through the food chain and the air have been buying meters . Softbank says the phone will be available in mid-June . Softbank is led by CEO Masayoshi Son , a well-known opponent of nuclear power . He has publicly supported solar farms as a replacement for nuclear energy .	A new Japan 's mobile phone will include a radiation detector The Pantone 5 107SH will be released in June by Softbank Device developed in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster Softbank is led by CEO Masayoshi Son , an opponent of nuclear power
CNN  -- In the one-sided battle between pedestrians and the automobile , the first shot was fired in London in 1896 when 44-year-old Bridget Driscoll became what is believed to be the first pedestrian victim of a petrol-driven car . Struck down by an automobile doing just 4mph during a demonstration at Crystal Palace , the grim sequence of events was so unfamiliar that one witness riding in the car told the inquest she felt a "  peculiar sensation " as the car swerved to avoid Mrs Driscoll . At the time , the coroner at the inquest expressed the hope that an incident of this type "  would never happen again . " Fast forward 118 years and more than 270,000 pedestrians are killed on the world 's roads every year . Striking a balance between the rights of the pedestrian and the car driver was once the preserve of the traffic cop -- a human being that could judge traffic flows , calibrate changes and react to circumstances as they occur . But as traffic volumes increased and the task became automated with traffic lights , the frustrations all too familiar to pedestrians -- lights that seem never to show the "  green man " -- are now tolerated as a normal part of urban life . London , however , is set to trial a new system that aims to use the latest technology to regain the fluid responses of the traffic cop . Called Pedestrian SCOOT  Split Cycle Offset Optimization Technique  , it is the first of its kind in the world and uses state-of-the-art video cameras to detect how many pedestrians are waiting at crossings . When the cameras count a critical mass of pedestrians , the technology transmits data that keeps the "  walk " sign lit for longer to allow more people to cross the road . Similarly , when fewer people are waiting to cross the road , the traffic is given a longer set of green lights . The SCOOT system already regulates London 's traffic flows and has been credited with cutting delays by 12 % in the capital . It is in use at 3,000 junctions in the British capital , with a further 1,500 earmarked for SCOOT upgrades by 2018 . The Pedestrian SCOOT system , however , would be the first time the technology has been used as pedestrian pinch points in the capital . "  Our SCOOT system has been used around the world for many years use to optimize and coordinate the traffic signal junctions and we 've done that currently and historically for vehicles , " explained Mark Cracknell , team leader of the Technology Delivery Group at Transport for London . "  We have inductive loops in the road that detect vehicles , do clever analysis of the traffic patterns and then coordinate the junctions to try to make the progress through the city as smooth as possible . " Currently pedestrians at many crossings in London get a standard six seconds to get onto the road -- known as the "  green man " time -- before countdown technology takes over telling pedestrians how long they have left to get across the street . What SCOOT technology aims to do is dynamically change that "  green man " time . "  If there 's only a few people waiting we 'll just go for the standard six seconds to cross , but if we 've got 100 people waiting to cross we can increment that up to the appropriate time . "  What we 're avoiding is the scenario where we do n't have enough time to get everybody on the crossing and then pedestrians have to wait for another cycle of the traffic signals to get across . " Cracknell said the system would have the most value where the pedestrian traffic is variable , for instance outside a school or a tube station . "  During the day there might be a low flow and you do n't want to be fixed with a high crossing time when there 's no one there , " he said . "  There are technologies out there that can detect whether a pedestrian is waiting , but the technology we use actually quantifies and counts the number of people . "  We 're not aware that this is in use anywhere else in the world . " At the heart of the technology is a stereoscopic camera that allows the sensors to detect and count crowds of people in three dimensions . "  They 're vision-based systems , the idea being traditional vision systems just have a single camera and there are a number of inherent flaws with that -- things like shadows , puddles and changing light conditions can cause problems . "  The stereoscopic camera allows us to get a sense of depth -- discount the puddles and the shadows -- and just get a picture of the people standing there . " Despite this it 's not all one-way traffic . Pedestrians that press the button on a set of lights and then change their minds and walk away are another challenge to the free flow of traffic . Transport for London is trialing new technology that would detect when a pedestrian has changed their mind and strolled off or crossed the road before the "  green man " signal . "  This is what we call ` call cancel ' technology and we 're trialing it at different locations in London -- it 's the combination of both SCOOT and ` call cancel ' which we are looking at , " said Cracknell . Ultimately , however , developing technology that brings back the function of the human traffic cop is the Holy Grail for Transport for London . "  We 're trying to be more intelligent with what we 're doing . Rather than just tweaking the splits of the vehicles , we will be catering for everybody , " Cracknell said . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Finally , a flying car for everybody ? It 's the idiot-proof aerial commuter Will people still be useful in the 21st century ? Can this one-wheeled wonder change the way you commute to work ?	London to trial traffic lights that count the number of pedestrians waiting for the "  green man " Known as "  SCOOT , " it will adjust the walk time at lights More people waiting at a crossing means they will get more time to cross the road The SCOOT system already regulates London 's traffic flows and has cut delays by 12 %
SAN FRANCISCO , California  Reuters  -- Microsoft Corp said Monday it will cut the price of its main Xbox 360 video game console model by about 13 percent in the United States , hoping to boost sales ahead of the crucial holiday season . Microsoft is aiming at expanding the appeal of the Xbox 360 to an audience outside its core fan base . The move reduces the price of the Xbox 360 Premium model by $ 50 , to $ 350 , and follows a move last month by rival Sony Corp to cut the price of its PlayStation 3 machine by 17 percent , to $ 500 . Faced with unexpectedly strong competition from Nintendo Co Ltd 's cheaper Wii console , Microsoft is aiming at expanding the appeal of the Xbox 360 to an audience outside its core fan base of young men . "  As we look to the holidays we want to bring in more gamers and lower the price for those customers , " the Xbox 360 's group product manager , Aaron Greenberg , said in an interview . "  We 're always trying to bring down cost of the box and ... we always try to pass on the savings to our consumers . We feel like this is the right time to do it . " The price of the Xbox 360 Core , which does not include a hard drive , will fall $ 20 to $ 280 while the Elite model , which features a 120-gigabyte drive , six times the size of the Premium 's , will fall $ 30 to $ 450 . The cuts will take effect from August 8 , Microsoft said . Launched in November 2005 , the Xbox 360 has gone 20 months without a price cut , the longest of any console in history . Sony 's PlayStation 2 held its $ 300 price for 18 months after launching in the United States in 2000 . "  It surprised me a little bit because there 's not a whole lot of market pressure on them to lower the price , " said Van Baker , an analyst with market research firm Gartner . "  Is it going to make an enormous difference ? No , because when it comes to consoles , it 's not the price that sells the console , it 's the games that sells the console and from that perspective , Microsoft 's in pretty good shape , " Baker said . The rising sophistication of consoles , which boast graphics performance that rivals personal computers costing several times as much , means manufacturers are more reluctant to drop prices . That 's particularly true for Microsoft , which has yet to turn a profit on the Xbox business it launched in 2001 in a bid to challenge Sony 's growing dominance in the living room . By the end of June , Microsoft had sold 5.6 million Xbox 360s in the United States , compared with 2.8 million Wiis and 1.4 million PS3s -- the latter two launched a year later . Microsoft forecasts its entertainment and devices division , home to the Xbox , Windows Mobile and Zune digital music player businesses , to turn profitable in its current fiscal year after two years of losses totaling more than $ 3 billion . The Redmond , Washington-based company has forecast revenue at the division to grow by between 10 percent and 19 percent this year from sales of $ 6.08 billion in fiscal 2007 . Greenberg said Microsoft timed the price cut to coincide with the release of Electronic Arts Inc 's "  Madden NFL 08 " , the latest installment of the publisher 's top-selling football franchise . "  Summer tends to be seasonally slow , but we definitely see a big uptick starting with ` Madden ' , and accelerating through the end of the year , " Greenberg said . Microsoft is also banking on the highly anticipated final episode of "  Halo " , its flagship game franchise , to be a major profit driver this year . The game hits stores on September 25 . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Microsoft will cut the price of its Xbox 360 game console by about 13 percent The Xbox 360 Premium model will now sell for $ 350 Microsoft timed the price cut to coincide with the release of "  Madden NFL 08 "
The damning internal report that effectively ended Eric Shinseki 's tumultuous tenure as Veteran Affairs secretary describes in the starkest terms the systemic failures of a system charged with providing medical care to America 's veterans . "  Of the 216 site audit reports , many were flagged for further review because of concerns identified by the site audit team about questionable scheduling practices , signaling a systemic lack of integrity within some Veterans Health Administration facilities , " the audit summary says . Shinseki went to the White House on Friday morning to present Obama with the audit findings . The first phase of the audit looked at scheduling and access management practices from May 12 to 16 at Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and large community-based outpatient clinics serving at least 10,000 veterans , the audit says . That 's 138 VA medical centers encompassing 216 sites -- a total of 258 separate points of access to medical care and more than 2,100 scheduling staff . An additional audit will cover all remaining VA facilities -- suggesting that the scandal could grow . "  Suspected willful misconduct will be reported promptly to the Office of Inspector General , " the audit said . "  Where the OIG chooses not to immediately investigate , management will launch either a formal fact finding or administrative investigation . Where misconduct is confirmed , appropriate personnel actions will be pursued promptly . " Obama on Friday announced the resignation of his only Veterans Affairs secretary after meeting with Shinseki to discuss the growing scandal involving long waits for care at VA hospitals . Calls for Shinseki 's resignation increased in recent days from the across the political spectrum -- Republicans and Democrats as well as veterans ' advocacy groups . The problems gained prominence after CNN began reporting problems at VA facilities in November . The audit said it was "  a rapidly deployed , systemwide assessment " of scheduling and "  not intended as a formal investigation of individual staff or managers . " The audit teams were not able to interview all employees , and "  time did not allow assessment of intent or potential culpability . " The next phase will include smaller clinic sites and anonymous Web surveys . Still , the initial findings were deemed "  a strong basis for immediate action , " audit said . The findings included : • Efforts to meet the needs of veterans and clinicians led to an "  overly complicated scheduling process that resulted in high potential to create confusion among scheduling clerks and front-line supervisors . " • Meeting a 14-day wait-time performance target for new appointments was "  simply not attainable given the ongoing challenge of finding sufficient provider slots to accommodate a growing demand for services . Imposing this expectation on the field before ascertaining required resources ... represent an organizational leadership failure . " • Of scheduling staff surveyed , 13 % said they received instruction to enter in the "  Desired Date " field a date different from the one requested . The survey did not determine whether this was done "  through lack of understanding or mal-intent unless it was clearly apparent . " • In some cases , "  pressures were placed on schedulers to utilize inappropriate practices in order to make Waiting Times appear more favorable . Such practices are sufficiently pervasive to require VA re-examine its entire Performance Management system and , in particular , whether current measures and targets for access are realistic or sufficient . " The VA 's audit of all remaining sites is scheduled to be completed in early June . Read the VA audit report Part of the review will be to determine how performance goals were conveyed "  across the chain of command such that some front-line , middle , and senior managers felt compelled to manipulate VA scheduling processes , " the audit said . It added , "  The overarching environment and culture which allowed this state of practice to take root must be confronted head-on if VA is to evolve to be more capable of adjusting systems , leadership , and resources to meet the needs of Veterans and families . It must also be confronted in order to regain the trust of the Veterans VA serves . " The audit said the VA will "  ensure that managers and staff engaging in undesired practices are held accountable . " "  We do n't have time for distractions , " Obama said in announcing Shinseki 's resignation . "  We need to fix the problem . " The VA 's troubled history What Obama is looking for in next VA chief	Internal audit of what 's happening in VA system effectively ends Eric Shinseki 's job Audit cites "  questionable scheduling practices " signaling "  a systemic lack of integrity " Additional audit will cover all remaining VA facilities , suggesting scandal could grow Report : VA to ensure those "  engaging in undesired practices are held accountable "
Paris  CNN  It 's a tiger 's tail . That 's what French citizens say they saw Thursday in woods and other areas not far from Disneyland Paris , according to a local official . While authorities have n't managed to corner the animal , all witnesses identified it as a tiger , according to Cédric Tartaud-Gineste , mayoral cabinet director in Montévrain . The town 's Facebook page indicates the animal is young . Montévrain Mayor Christian Robache told CNN affiliate BFM that authorities believe the tiger was domesticated , though an investigation is ongoing . As the hunt for the cat continues , local residents were told to stay inside and , if they have to go out , to drive rather than walk . Both Chessy and Montévrain are adjacent to the Disney amusement park , which is about 40 kilometers  25 miles  west of Paris . Yet there was no mention of the feline on the Disneyland Paris Twitter page , and park spokeswoman Cathy Pianon said the park 's security team -- while it was working closely with local authorities -- was never asked to reinforce their security . Pianon said operations were n't being affected at the park , which she described as closed and well guarded . Dear or alive , hunt for man-eating tiger wo n't end well for conservationist CNN 's Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	Spokeswoman : Disneyland Paris was never asked to reinforce security A tiger is spotted in Chessy and Montévrain , an official says Local mayor says it 's believed the tiger is domesticated
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- A U.S. mining company has denied a report by Indonesia 's state media that a convoy of its buses came under fire in the province of Papua Wednesday . Indonesian soldiers provide security near a PT Freeport-owned gold mine in Timika , Papua province , on July 18 . The state-run Antara News Agency had said that two people were reportedly killed when a 12-bus convoy carrying employees of PT Freeport was attacked by unidentified gunmen in the country 's eastern-most province . The company clarified that a vehicle was wrecked in the province , killing one person and wounding several others . When police and mechanics drove to the area to assist , shots were fired at them . Three people were hurt in the shooting , the company said . "  No shots were fired at the PT-FI bus convoy as earlier reported , " the company said . Following the company 's comments , Antara 's Web site changed its report to reflect the new information . PT Freeport is the largest copper and gold mining company in the province . Attacks directed at the company killed an Australian mine technician and two Indonesians on July 11 and 12 . And two directors of the company were wounded Friday in a twin attack at the Ritz Carlton and JW Marriott hotels in the capital Jakarta . Papua residents have long resented the presence of PT Freeport in the province . They have criticized the environmental impact of the mining operations and the small share of revenues the province receives . In 2008 , a separatist group claimed responsibility for a series of bomb attacks in the area . No one died in the attacks , Antara said . In 2002 , two American teachers and an Indonesian colleague who worked at the mine were shot dead in an attack , the news agency said . Meanwhile , authorities on Wednesday released sketches of two men believed to have carried out the bombings at the luxury hotels in Jakarta . One was about 40 ; the other 17 , officials said . Analysis of their DNA matched those obtained from a homemade explosive found in a room at the Marriott where they had checked in , police said . But authorities still do not know their identities . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	Antara News Agency said two people were killed when convoy was attacked Convoy was transporting employees of U.S. mining company PT Freeport Company clarified a vehicle was wrecked but no shots fired at convoy Papua residents resent firm 's presence , criticize environmental impact , little benefit
Editor 's note : John Feehery worked as a staffer for former House Speaker Dennis Hastert and other Republicans in Congress . He is president of Feehery Group , a Washington-based advocacy firm that has represented clients including News Corp. , Ford Motor Company and the United States Chamber of Commerce . He formerly was a government relations executive vice president for the Motion Picture Association of America . John Feehery says Republicans are poised to bounce back for several reasons . CNN  -- "  It is important for us to have a strong Republican Party , " Democratic Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi tauntingly told a press conference on April 23 . "  And I hope that the next generation will take back the Republican Party for the Grand Old Party that it used to be . " Thanks Mrs. Pelosi , for your best wishes . But be careful what you wish for . I would n't write the obituary for the Republican Party quite yet . Sure , things are looking grim at the moment . Yes , our Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele stumbled out of the starting gate , making several verbal gaffes , and raising questions about his competence . Yes , the latest poll numbers are in the toilet , showing only 21 percent of the American people call themselves Republicans . Yes , Arlen Specter decided the GOP was a drag on his personal political future . And yes , we lost a special election in upstate New York that maybe we should have won . But things change . Remember a year-and-a-half ago , when everybody thought the election would be a referendum on the Iraq war . Remember 10 months ago , when everyone thought that expensive gas was going to drive people to the polls . It turned out that , by the time of the election , the most important thing that people cared about was their declining 401ks or their lost job . Here are five reasons why the Republican Party will be back and perhaps sooner than anyone thinks : 1  Overreach : Several of my Democratic friends over the last several months have tried to comfort me when discussing the fall of the Republican Party with one consoling thought : Do n't worry , we will screw it up . And on that one thing I agree with them . The liberal Democrats that currently run the Congress are destined to overreach on the legislative front . Pelosi and her California allies , like Reps. Henry Waxman , George Miller and Pete Stark , tend to think the rest of America wants the same things they do , from higher taxes on energy to a national health care plan that could be a blueprint for socialized medicine , from abortion on demand to gay marriage . But most Americans actually look at California as an economic basket case and social mess . It is a beautiful state , but it is also completely screwed-up , thanks largely to liberal governance . The Democrats are certain to overdo it on the liberalism , and that will make the Republicans much more attractive in two to four years . 2  Checks and balances : Unlike the parliamentary governments of Europe , where one party runs everything until they mess up , the American system actually gives a preference to both parties having skin in the game . While most voters do n't actually think "  divided government " when they go to the polls , they do think that one-party government tends to lead to excess and corruption . That is why the people have a chance a mere two years after the president gets elected to give him a midterm report card in the form of Congressional elections . Most polls now show voters prefer a candidate who will serve as a check on President Obama 's power . And for most voters , who see Pelosi and Nevada Sen. Harry Reid as even more liberal than the president , Republicans will serve as that check . 3  Crisis breeds renewal : When things are going well , a political party tends to discourage independent thought and enforce philosophical orthodoxy . But when a political party faces crisis , all of that goes out the window . It is a wide-open world right now for Republicans as they debate amongst themselves what the party truly stands for . The debate will be painful , as neoconservatives , paleo-conservatives , progressive conservatives , moderates and libertarians battle it out to chart the course for a new and more vibrant party . Republicans can afford to have these debates now when they are in the minority , because frankly , they have nothing else to do . The Democrats went through this process in the mid-90s , and they built a new party that attracted centrists like Mark Warner , without alienating old-line liberals like Pelosi or Waxman . 4  Talent senses opportunity : Investors know that the time to buy is not when the market is at its peak , but when the market is at the bottom . But it is not always easy to know when the bottom hits . In politics , it is pretty easy to know when a party has hit the bottom . And for the Republicans , it is now . Talented political entrepreneurs look to the GOP and see nothing but opportunity . The old bulls have been wiped out . The new guard is ready to start leading . In the House , young guns like Eric Cantor , Kevin McCarthy and Paul Ryan are charting the future for the next Republican takeover . Adam Putnam of Florida and Mark Kirk of Illinois are getting ready for state-wide runs . But it is not just the young guns . It also more experienced politicians , John Kasich and Rob Portman of Ohio , Tom Ridge of Pennsylvania , Jeb Bush of Florida , who see an opportunity to lead the party back to power . 5  The Republican Party is the de facto Libertarian Party : Most people I talk to think of themselves not as Republicans or Democrats , but as libertarians . Not libertarians in the political party sense , but libertarians in a deeper philosophical sense . They tend to want government to stay out of their lives as much as possible . They tend to distrust all politicians , and when they hear someone say , "  I am from the government , and I am here to help , " they tend to laugh uproariously . It was Will Rogers who said , "  I do n't make jokes . I just watch the government and report the facts . " The Republican Party does best when it seeks to reform government , to lessen the power of the bureaucrat , and to fight to give more freedom to the people . When the GOP returns to that philosophical creed -- which it will do in the face of the Obama administration 's vast expansion of government power -- its fortunes will brighten again . If the Republican Party were a stock , the smart investor would start buying it now . Yes , things look grim at the present time , but things change . The GOP is not dead yet , and Speaker Pelosi may see her wish of a resurgent Republican Party come true quicker than she anticipated . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Feehery .	John Feehery : The Republican Party is struggling , but is n't dead He says there are five good reasons to think the GOP will bounce back U.S. system is designed to provide checks on the majority party , he says Republicans are in position for creative thinking about ideas , Feehery says
Voters in the Democratic Republic of Congo lined up at polling stations Monday as the giant country holds its second postwar election despite opposition calls for delay over logistical challenges . The presidential and parliamentary polls are critical in the central African nation struggling to rebuild years after a conflict left millions dead and displaced entire regions . Incumbent Joseph Kabila , who took over after his father died in 2001 and was elected in Congo 's first democratic election five years later , is one of 11 presidential contenders . More than 18,000 candidates are vying for 500 parliamentary seats , according to election officials . "  Kabila 's regime has lasted too long . It 's the same system , they are doing the same thing . Looting this country , " said Paul Efambe , who lives in the capital of Kinshasa . Congo election could be a test of country 's democracy "  This is our version of the Arab Uprising ... we want him  the incumbent  out . This country is rich in resources , but we have turned into world spectators . This frustration has lasted too long . " Efambe , a 42-year-old consultant , said he is supporting the leading opposition candidate , Etienne Tshisekedi . "  People felt cheated by the system , " he said . "  Kabila has not lived up to the expectations . We are ready to take to the streets if our candidate does not win . " Kabila loyalists , in turn , accused the opposition of inciting violence and said there are fears of protests if he does not secure a victory . "  As soon as I cast my vote , I 'm going home and locking my doors , " said Willy Bonso , who also lives in the capital . "  I do n't know what will happen after the election , I am afraid . " Supporters of both frontrunners have clashed repeatedly as the nation prepared for election day . Its last election in 2006 was overseen by the United Nations and considered a transition from decades of dictatorship , making this year 's vote the first true test of democracy , analysts say . "  Expectations are high . Tensions are very high , " said Herman Nzeza , the Congo representative of FreeFair DRC , a nonpartisan group that raises awareness of the election . "  The opposition wants to win , it 's now or never . Tshisekedi is already considering himself president , we do n't know how all sides will react if their candidates do n't win . " Clashes have erupted in days leading up to the vote , with at least two deaths reported when supporters of the two frontrunners hurled rocks at one another Saturday , Human Rights Watch said . Days before the poll , dozens of helicopters airlifted balloting materials over the central African nation as the last-minute activities sparked concerns of vote irregularities . The massive nation has poor infrastructure and long stretches or dirt roads that make it impossible to deliver ballot material to some regions , especially during the rainy season . In addition to the logistical nightmare , fraud allegations started before the vote and the opposition alleges that the leader of the electoral commission was picked by the incumbent , according to Albert Moleka , a spokesman for Tshisekedi . Congo is not ready to conduct elections yet , Moleka said . "  No country is perfect , but we should be able to conduct organized elections . We should respect the rights of the Congolese to have good elections , and our country does not have the facilities -- even roads -- to do that , " he said . For months , Tshisekedi 's party demanded a change in the date because the government does not have adequate resources to meet the election needs . "  We wrote to the election commission in April and told them the calendar was unrealistic . We could not see how they could manage to achieve that . This election will not be fair , " Moleka said . Analysts fear post-election violence could further destabilize the nation , which is battling unrest years after the 1998-2003 conflict that left 5 million dead as a result of fighting , diseases and starvation . Stability in Congo -- which borders nine countries -- is vital to Africa 's Great Lakes region . The years of war affected at least six neighboring nations , some of which are still battling rebel movements spawned during the conflict . Despite Congo 's vast resources including cobalt , gold , copper and tantalum , the fledgling democracy is mired in poverty and conflict especially in its eastern region , prompting complex economic and political relations with its neighbors and the world . A major international concern is the eastern region , a hot spot for the so-called "  conflict minerals , " which led the United States to intervene after human rights groups said the resources are used to fund wars in the nation and neighboring countries . Last year , U.S. lawmakers passed legislation that requires American electronics companies to submit annual reports outlining what they are doing to ensure minerals bought from Congo are "  conflict-free . " It targets manufacturers using minerals from the east , where government forces have been battling rebels for years . "  Funding for armed groups often comes from the sale of minerals -- often to American companies -- from mines the groups control , " Rep. Jim McDermott , a Democrat from Washington state , said last year . "  This legislation will help save thousands of lives and help protect countless women in the Democratic Republic of Congo by cutting off a key source of funding for armed groups . " Congo has witnessed one of the worst humanitarian crises since World War II . While the war ended eight years ago , women are paying a high price for the conflict in the east . Violence and rapes are widely reported in the region , including a holiday season mass rape last year that left the international community reeling in disbelief . While Congo is among the nations with the largest United Nations peacekeepers , the forces have been ineffective in stopping rapes in the sprawling , remote region . Despite its shortcomings , the World Bank says Congo has made some steps . In a January report called "  Resilience of an African Giant , " the international body showcased some progress , including a decline in maternal deaths and a spike in the number of children going to primary schools . However , despite the modest progress , less than a quarter of the population has access to clean water and only one in 10 people get electricity , according to the report . Kabila faces a tough battle from foes hoping to persuade voters that change is overdue . Tshisekedi has said a majority of the nation 's about 70 million population lives in poverty despite ample resources , and has vowed to make reforms and sweeping changes if elected . "  It 's time for change , time for security and justice , time for jobs and proper healthcare , time to educate our youth , " he said . Kabila 's former aide , Vital Kamerhe , who was instrumental in his 2006 win , is also among the contenders in the election . Kamerhe , a former speaker in the National Assembly , broke with the president 's party a few years later . More than 30 million people are registered to vote , according to election officials . Results are scheduled to be announced on December 6 .	The polls are critical in the nation struggling to rebuild after a long war Congo 's last election in 2006 was overseen by the United Nations The nation is battling unrest years after the 1998-2003 war formally ended "  Kabila 's regime has lasted too long , " a voter says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- On an island off the coast of the Chinese city of Shanghai , architects , engineers and contractors are preparing to build a new city later this year . In itself , this is nothing special one would think . Dongtan , the eco-city being built off the coast of Shanghai on the Yangtze River . With 20 percent of the world population living in China and national population figures set to hit 1.47 billion by 2020 , there is always demand for new housing . But the city that is to be built on Chongming Island at the mouth of the Yangtze River is like no other in the world : Dongtan eco-city is planned to be first truly environmentally and economically sustainable city . Situated on a plot of land that is around two-thirds the size of Manhattan , Dongtan is surrounded by wetlands and lies beside a bird sanctuary where hundreds of rare migratory birds seek refuge . It was these unusual natural conditions that sparked the ambitious idea of creating a new urban concept for an entirely sustainable city that would minimally impact the surrounding environment . Planning started in 2005 , after the London-based engineering and design firm Arup signed a contract with the Shanghai Industrial Investment Corporation  SIIC  . "  We were asked to create an ` eco-demonstrator ' , " explains Roger Wood , Arup 's project coordinator for the Dongtan project since 2004 , "  a project that incorporated a number of ideas and design concepts that would increase the Chinese understanding of sustainability . "  China has known about sustainability for 20 years , but -- like everyone else -- it has just not been able to apply it as a concept . " The project is to be implemented in several phases , starting with a one square-kilometer plot that is expected to be ready in time for Shanghai 's 2010 World Expo and that will house around 5,000 people . The 6.5 square kilometer start-up area will be developed to accommodate 80,000 people by 2020 and by 2050 , the city is projected to cover an area of 30 square kilometers and have a population of half a million . Building a community spirit Today the site is still isolated from the mainland , but the opening of a bridge and tunnel link in 2008 will reduce travel times to and from the island from over three hours to just one hour . Dongtan is however not to be just another dormitory town from which people commute to Shanghai : the new city will provide jobs to its inhabitants . "  It is what we call integrated urbanism : we look not just at the environment , but also at social and economic aspects : employment opportunities , the way people work , the way people play , the way they move around the city , " says Wood . At the same time , the project also deals with technical aspects like how to provide a sustainable water supply , how to treat wastewater , how to recycle and process waste and how to reduce the use of cars , by concentrating activities around three "  village entrees " and encouraging people to walk , use bikes or public transport . "  The important thing is that we are not restricting people ; we are trying to encourage them to think about the way they live . Questions like : how much electricity do you use and what type of electricity ? " says Wood , adding that cars in Dongtan will run on hydro-fuel or electricity , thus reducing noise and improving air quality . But what will daily life in Dongtan be like ? Wood describes a typical day , in which people can walk their children to school , head on to work , easily meet their partners and friends for lunch and enjoy the many green spaces . At the same time people will also be more aware of their impact on the environment . They will get electricity from wind turbines and they will be able to monitor their energy and water use in the home . "  The project is very much about creating a community , " says Wood . "  Community is very important and it is something the Chinese are very good at now , but which may disappear with the current explosive growth of cities . " Visionary concept Despite all the new technologies and sustainable concepts , Dongtan will remain a recognizably Chinese city . After studying the site and its history and looking at the elements that make up the traditional Chinese city , designers came up with ways to give Dongtan a Chinese feel . "  There are lots of water spaces and bridges with what the Chinese call ` dreamy pools ' . It is a city that is close to nature and that helps people understand nature , " says Wood . Using ideas from Dongtan , Arup is today working on the development of master plans for three other eco-cities in China and also master plans for cities in Russia , Britain and Saudi Arabia . "  The key of the Dongtan concept is that all elements are considered . And in principle this can be applied anywhere else in the world . But it does take a visionary to make the project viable ; a project like that is not just business as usual . "  It is more complex , because the economic viability is just as important as sustainability . A city ca n't be sustainable if it is not economically viable , " says Wood . Thus , starting on a modest one-square kilometer plot at the mouth of Yangtze River , a group of visionaries is perhaps revolutionizing the way we will live in and think about cities around the world . ... . Are new environmentally friendly cities the answer to preventing global warming ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend	Chinese island is first truly environmentally sustainable city Dongtan is being planned with a community spirit in mind City will retain a traditional Chinese feel
CNN  -- It 's not being called a bear attack yet . But authorities are setting traps and scouring parts of central Florida for the animal that mauled a woman and left her face severely injured . The woman , identified as 54-year-old Susan Chalfant , was walking her dogs in Longwood when she was wounded . Her face bloodied , she rushed to the house of a neighbor , who called 911 . "  She thinks it was a bear , " the neighbor said in the 911 call . "  How old is she ? " the dispatched asked . "  I ca n't tell , " the neighbor replied . "  She 's so bloodied , I ca n't tell . " Authorities say the woman is resting in a hospital . Florida Fish and Wildlife spokeswoman Karen Parker said officials are n't ready to call the case a bear "  attack " yet because it 's not clear what led up to the incident . "  We 're calling it a bear incident simply because we simply do n't know what happened , " Parker said . "  Bears are very , very elusive . They 're pretty much more afraid of you than you are of them , and normally when they see a human and they 've not been fed and have not been habituated -- they 're going to run away . They do n't want to encounter us any more than we want to encounter them . " A common sight Neighbors in Longwood , north of Orlando , say bears often roam through the area -- especially when looking for food thrown out by humans . "  There 's an actual walkway of the bears between my home and the immediate neighbor , " said one resident , who only wanted to be identified as Richard . "  We see them on a regular basis , especially the nights before garbage pickups . " Wildlife officials say if homeowners are n't careful with their trash , the bears will keep showing up . "  Unless we get the full cooperation with everybody in every neighborhood around here , the bears are going to come in for a free lunch , " Parker said . Whose territory ? Unprovoked black bear attacks in Florida are extremely rare . The first one ever documented by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission was last year . The problem , biologists say , is that people are now living in areas that bears once called home . And bears like to roam . If wildlife officials catch a bear in the traps , they 'll try to determine if it 's the same one that injured the woman through DNA testing . If the results match up , the bear will likely be euthanized . 12-year-old bear attack survivor : ' I just thought I was going to die ' CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	A woman walking her dogs near Orlando was injured in a "  bear incident " Unprovoked black bear attacks in Florida are extremely rare Neighbors say bear sightings are common , especially before trash pickups Biologists say humans are now living in areas that bears once called home
CNN  -- Banking giant Citigroup has announced it is cutting a further 50,000 staff as the economic crisis worsens . Citigroup is rumored to be looking to cut staff in investment banking and wealth management divisions . It followed Japan 's announcement Monday that the world 's second largest economy had slipped into recession . The latest job cuts by Citigroup are yet another example of how the New York-based bank is desperately trying to cut costs in the wake of the credit crisis . Over the past four quarters , it has trimmed its payroll by 23,000 workers . In an investor presentation on its Web site , the company said it would reduce its staff levels to approximately 300,000 employees . As of the end of September , the New York City-based bank had about 352,000 workers . It was not clear from the presentation what parts of the company the cuts would come from , but there was speculation last week that Citigroup was looking to lay off people in its investment banking and wealth management divisions . Citigroup , the second largest U.S. bank by assets behind JPMorgan Chase , has been one of the hardest hit financial institutions during the credit crisis . Over the last four quarters , the company has lost more than $ 20 billion , due in large part to its ill-timed bets on the U.S. housing market . Its stock , which is down 68 percent so far this year , has lost about a third of its value in the last two weeks alone amid broader investor nervousness about the economy and the U.S. banking sector . Citigroup stock edged lower in pre-market trading Monday . There has also been speculation that big changes could come at the top of the organization . Last week , the The Wall Street Journal reported that the company was considering replacing chairman Win Bischoff . Citigroup 's board sent a memo to all employees calling the report "  irresponsible and completely inaccurate " however . The grim economic news continued to pile up Monday . Japan reported that its economy shrank by 0.1 percent in the third quarter ; its second consecutive quarter of negative growth following a 0.9 percent drop in the second quarter . Japan 's gross domestic product has fallen by 0.4 percent this year and the country joins a growing list of major economies in recession . On Friday , European Union officials said eurozone of 16 countries using the common currency was in recession . Germany -- Europe 's single largest national economy -- is also in recession . Most economists expect the UK and the U.S. to join the list in the coming months . "  It 's no surprise if you 've been watching the numbers here , " said CNN 's Tokyo Correspondent Kyung Lah . "  But it crosses an important psychological barrier . This news is going to have an effect on the man on the street . " Watch Kyung Lah discuss the reasons why Japan is in recesssion " The Japanese economy has been badly hurt in recent weeks by the rising value of the yen , which investors have seen as a currency safe haven during recent economic turmoil that has wiped billions of dollars off the value of stocks . But that has had significant negative consequences on the export-dependent Japanese economy , driving up the price of Japanese electrical goods and cars overseas , driving down corporate profits and pitching the country into recession for the first time since 1991 . Last month shares in Sony plunged when the electrical giant said it expected net profits to plunge 59 percent on deteriorating sales of gadgets and flat-screen TVs . Car manufacturers Honda , Nissan and Toyota have also suffered steep declines in sales and profits . In a further blow to the Japanese car industry , ailing U.S. auto giant General Motors announced Monday it was selling its 3 percent stake in Suzuki to raise $ 230 million in cash . Along with Ford and Chrysler , GM is seeking a $ 25 billion bailout from the U.S. government as the U.S. auto industry battles for survival amid the worst sales slump in more than 25 years . Japan 's stock market has been one of the most badly hit by the downturn with more than 40 percent wiped off the value of the benchmark Nikkei . Monday 's announcement had little apparent impact on trading with Tokyo stocks closing up 0.7 percent at 8,522.58 . Elsewhere in Asia markets were mixed with Hong Kong 's Hang Seng down slightly , Australian and Indian stocks tumbling and China 's Shanghai Composite up 2.2 percent . In Europe , London , Frankfurt and Paris were all down between 2 and 3.3 percent . The Dow Jone , Nasdaq and S&P markets in the U.S. were also down between 2 and 3 percent , according to early tallies . Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso was among the leaders of the world 's 20 largest economies who met in Washington over the weekend , unveiling a set of sweeping plans aimed at tackling the ever-expanding economic crisis . The G-20 members at the historic two-day meeting managed to find some common ground on the causes of the crisis and areas that need to be fixed after talks which U.S. President George W. Bush said had been "  an important first step . " The plans include interest rate cuts by central banks around the globe or potential economic stimulus packages , and boosting developing countries struggling under the weight of the crisis . Watch Richard Quest discuss the G-20 agreement " "  We must lay the foundation for reform to help ensure that a global crisis , such as this one , does not happen again , " the leaders said in a joint statement . But critics said the statement had papered over major disagreements . The European bloc , representing Germany , France , the UK and the EU , is understood to be in favor of greater government regulation of financial and banking industries . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Citigroup announces it is cutting a further 50,000 staff as economic crisis worsens Japan , the world 's second largest economy , now in recession Japanese economy has been hurt by rising value of yen , falling exports Tokyo Nikkei up Monday ; Asian markets mixed , Europe markets down
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . The U.S. Interior Department is considering changing regulations on guns in national parks . CHANTILLY , Virginia  CNN  -- I 'm at the Blue Ridge Arsenal in Chantilly , Virginia , the biggest gun store in northern Virginia . I 'm looking at a holster on the hip of Arsenal 's John Summer in which a black .22 - caliber pistol sits snugly . I did n't notice it before because Summer is wearing a large plaid shirt , not tucked in , covering his navy blue polo shirt . But he sweeps the big shirt back and tells me , "  I 've been to 7-Eleven , Starbucks -- you can go to Applebee 's and have dinner . " "  With a gun ? " I ask . "  With a gun , " he says with a nod . Summer has a permit to carry a concealed weapon , so he can go to dinner with a gun whenever he wants . He can also wear his gun openly almost any place in Virginia . That 's the law . The next place he may be able to take his loaded , concealed weapon is to a national park . That 's because the U.S. Interior Department is considering a proposal from 51 U.S. senators to change its regulations on guns in national parks . As the law stands , a person can take a gun -- unloaded -- into a national park , but it must be packed away or rendered temporarily inoperable . The country 's 391 national parks , recreation areas , monuments and scenic trails are operated under a single set of regulations by the U.S. Interior Department . The proposed change would have the parks adopt the gun laws of the state in which they are located . This means a person would be able to take a loaded , concealed weapon into a national park if he or she holds a valid permit to carry a concealed weapon in a given state and as long as they would be allowed to carry a concealed weapon in that state 's parks . Summer tells me that 's a good idea . In some national parks out west "  you could flat out dead sprint for an hour and never see another human being -- except maybe a drug dealer , " he says , "  in which case he 's probably got a gun . " Gregory Hylinski , a gun owner from Connecticut visiting a friend , tells me there 's another reason for guns in national parks : "  It 's important for people to be able to protect themselves at all times and in all places even from wild animal attacks . " When Maureen Finnerty hears warning like that she gives an exasperated shrug . Finnerty and I are walking down a path in the woods not far from her house . She worked for 31 years with the National Park Service , including six years as Associate Director of Park Operations in Washington . "  Right now parks are very safe , they 're very safe places to take your family , " she tells me . "  Our crime statistics are very , very low and you put loaded weapons in people 's hands and there 's a tremendous possibility that there will be increased violence . " Finnerty knows the National Park Service statistics by heart . The latest data , from 2006 , shows 272,623,980 people visited the parks that year . There were 11 cases of homicide or manslaughter , 61 robberies and 35 rapes or attempted rapes . "  Now , could something happen ? Of course it could happen , but the chances are extremely , extremely remote , " she says . Finnerty is a member of the Coalition of National Park Service Retirees , which includes a number of former directors . The group is actively lobbying against the change , insisting the current regulations are working . The proposed change , their Web site says , "  could significantly increase the danger to visitors in national parks . " It would put wildlife at risk , they claim , and make poaching easier . But Wayne LaPierre , head of the National Rifle Association , tells me many states allow residents with permits to carry guns in state parks -- why not the federal government ? "  They  the states  have changed their firearms laws within the last 15 years to allow good people to protect themselves from bad people and this simply puts federal law in compliance with that change in terms of state law . " Finnerty sees another reason behind the proposal : "  I think this is an attempt by the policy people in the -LSB- Bush -RSB- administration , " she says , "  to take care of one of their very important constituencies , the National Rifle Association . " A half-hour drive and I am at Great Falls National Park . The water far below at Mather Gorge is white with foam . Half of this park is in Virginia , where gun laws allow people with permits to carry concealed weapons ; half is in Maryland , where they do not . If the regulations are changed , the National Park Service says they will put up signs and run educational outreach to explain the law . I strike up a conversation with photographer Maria Stenzel . She 's watching the gray heron . "  We have too many weapons already , " she tells me . "  We have too much violence all over the country and we do n't need to allow them in new places . " Graduate student Nathanael Snow , watching the Potomac River roar downstream , says , "  For me , I feel safer if I know that people who are qualified and proficient in handling a weapon have it on them because the bad guys are going to have guns on them anyway . " The public has until the end of June to comment on the proposed change . The Interior Department then will decide .	A new proposal would change regulations on guns in national parks It would allow the parks to adopt the same gun laws as the state they are in Now the parks operate under U.S. Department of the Interior regulations Proponents say guns would increase safety , opponents say the opposite is true
CNN  -- Bayern Munich have agreed a deal to sign Croatian international striker Ivica Olic from Bundesliga rivals Hamburg , the German champions have revealed on their official Web site fcbayern.de . Olic will join Bayern Munich at the end of the season after proving a success in his time at Hamburg . "  We 've struck an agreement to sign Olic at the end of the season . All we need now are the signatures under the contract , " said Bayern general manager Uli Hoeness following the team 's arrival at a winter training camp in Dubai . Olic will complete his move on a free transfer on July 1 and will sign a three-year contract binding him to the club until 2012 . "  I 'll do everything I can to mark my departure from Hamburg with a trophy , " the 29-year-old Olic vowed on Friday , as he and his team-mates prepared for a winter training camp almost exactly parallel to Bayern 's in Dubai . The two teams will meet on January 30 in Hamburg in a match marking the official start of the second half of the Bundesliga season . Olic joined Hamburg from CSKA Moscow in January 2007 having won three league titles and the UEFA Cup in Russia . He has already scored 12 goals this season and has netted 11 times in 61 internationals for Croatia . "  We 're certain Ivica will be a perfect compliment to our strikers Luca Toni and Miroslav Klose . One pleasing aspect is that he is out of contract at the end of the season , " said Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge last month .	Bayern Munich agree a deal to sign Croatian international striker Ivica Olic Olic will join from Bundesliga rivals Hamburg at the end of the current season The 29-year-old agrees a three-year contract and will not cost Bayern any fee
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In a boon for IMAX and movie-watchers in China alike , a deal struck between the United States and China last week raises the number of 3D , IMAX and similar enhanced-format movies released in China . China has remained mostly closed to Hollywood , with a quota of 20 foreign films per year , most of them being from the United States . Under the agreement , announced during U.S. Vice President Joe Biden 's trip to Los Angeles with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping , 14 additional IMAX or 3D films would be allowed . Foreign film companies will also be permitted to take a 25 % cut of the box office , nearly double the current 13 % -17 % . In a White House statement , Biden said the deal would support "  thousands of American jobs in and around the film industry , " adding that "  Chinese audiences will have access to more of the finest films made anywhere in the world . " Some 2.2 million Americans have jobs that depend on the film and television industries , according to the Motion Picture Association of America . IMAX , which has 217 theatres open or contracted to open in China , hailed the move , saying in a statement Saturday that it was "  also committed to bringing Chinese films presented in our format to the U.S. " On February 14 , the company said that its first quarter box office of the year was $ 55 million , up from $ 38 million during the same period last year , driven primarily by "  Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol , " which accounted for nearly half those earnings . The Chinese film , "  Flying Swords of Dragon Gate , " rounded the top four with $ 3.7 million . Last year , Chinese box office revenue exceeded $ 2.1 billion , much of the revenues from 3D titles , the White House noted . The deal resolves film-related issues related to a 2009 World Trade Organization ruling siding with the United States . According to the ruling , China 's measures relating to the importation and distribution of films , sound recordings , audiovisual home entertainment products and reading materials breached its trading rights commitments as a WTO member . Hollywood has been battling piracy in China , despite Beijing 's closure of piracy websites , in no small part due to the limited access of U.S. films to Chinese screens . Allen Wan , head of production for Hong Kong-based Salon Films Group which has worked with Hollywood companies in Asia , was positive about the deal . "  Chinese audiences can see more films from the U.S. properly , officially . And on the other hand , I think it will increase more opportunities for Chinese and U.S. film  companies  to cooperate together to produce more films . " "  The Flowers of War , " directed by Chinese director Zhang Yimou and starring Oscar-winner Christian Bale , cost $ 100 million to make , the largest production made in China . The film , which is set during Japan 's occupation of Nanjing and the 1937 massacre , was China 's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film . Its executive producer is David Linde , CEO of Lava Bear Films and former chairman of Universal Pictures .  He was also executive producer for Ang Lee 's "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon . " The movie has failed to connect with U.S. audiences , however . For the week of February 14 , it was playing in six locations , down from 30 when it opened , with an average gross of $ 550 per location , according to Boxoffice.com . The film 's overall U.S. gross during its four-week run ? $ 213,792 , at last count . On Friday , coinciding with the U.S.-China film deal , DreamWorks Animation announced a joint venture with China Media Capital  CMC  and two other Chinese companies to establish a China-focused family entertainment company , Oriental DreamWorks . "  In addition to content creation , the joint venture will pursue business opportunities in the areas of live entertainment , theme parks , mobile , online , interactive games and consumer products , " DreamWorks Animation said in its announcement . The venture will have an initial capitalization of $ 330 million . The Chinese companies will hold a 55 % majority stake ; DreamWorks Animation will hold about 45 % , according to the announcement . On the agenda : "  Kung Fu Panda 3 , " Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua cited CMC chief investment officer Li Huaiyu as saying in an exclusive interview . DreamWorks Animation 's "  Kung Fu Panda " was the top animated film released in China in 2008 , according to the company . The sequel , which made $ 95 million at the Chinese box office last year , was second only to "  Transformers 3 , " which brought in $ 170 million .	U.S.-China film-related deal resolves 2009 WTO ruling siding with United States Biden : Deal , struck during Xi 's visit , would support "  thousands of American jobs " "  Chinese audiences will have access to more of the finest films , " he adds DreamWorks Animation enters joint venture with Chinese companies
San Diego  CNN  -- Gaming has become an important part of Comic-Con International , the annual gathering that brings 150,000 attendees to San Diego for a celebration of comics , movies , television and pop culture . Game publishers and developers are offering exclusive hands-on opportunities to fans , including the chance to demo upcoming games on next-generation consoles from Sony and Microsoft . Sony has a booth inside the mammoth San Diego Convention Center where gamers can play games like "  Driveclub , " "  Knack " and "  Octodad : Dadliest Catch " on its forthcoming PlayStation 4 . Microsoft has set up shop inside the Hard Rock Hotel across the street , where Xbox One games like "  Ryse : Son of Rome , " "  FORZA Motorsport 5 " and "  Project Spark " are on display . Perhaps the most interesting place to play a next-gen game here is on board the 1863 windjammer Star of India , which is docked behind the Convention Center at the Fifth Avenue Landing . Players can control the virtual Jackdaw pirate ship in Ubisoft 's much-anticipated "  Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag " game , which ships October 30 . Game publishers also are setting up free arcades throughout the neighboring Gaslamp District for the hordes of fans who do n't have a convention badge . Sega 's Pop-Up Arcade is offering the first public hands-on with the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS game "  Sonic Lost World , " along with other titles . Inside PetCo Park , home to baseball 's San Diego Padres , Nerd HQ has an arcade filled with old-school coin games like "  Donkey Kong " and "  Centipede " alongside the latest Xbox 360 games from Microsoft . It even has the new Kickstarter virtual reality setup , Virtuix Omni , with Oculus Rift 3D head-tracking goggles for a full immersive experience . Also inside the ballpark is the second variation of Ruckus Sports ' "  The Walking Dead Escape , " which allows fans of the AMC TV show to experience the undead live . The spectator option includes The Walking Dead Fan Festival , featuring "  The Walking Dead " video games from Telltale Studios , including the new PS Vita version of the game . Outside the stadium , Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment is promoting its 2014 open-world combat game , "  Mad Max , " by offering fans photo ops with a replica of the Road Warrior 's car . The game is being developed by Avalanche Studios and will serve as a standalone story in the movies ' fictional universe . For attendees who do have those coveted badges , gaming also has been incorporated into convention panels . "  South Park " creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone are in town to talk about their collaboration with developer Oblivion on the role-playing game "  South Park : The Stick of Truth . " And fans will learn what 's next for the groundbreaking hit "  Defiance " at a panel with creators and actors from the hit TV show plus game developers who have launched a massively multiplayer online  MMO  action game set in the same universe . Here are five promising games from San Diego Comic-Con . "  Batman : Arkham Origins "  Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment ; October 25 ; Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , PC , Wii U With WB Games Montreal taking over this popular franchise , gamers will take control of the Dark Knight very early on in the Batman mythology . This prequel , which is set on Christmas Eve in a snow-swept Gotham City , has the Black Mask putting a hit on Batman . Gamers must use all of Bruce Wayne 's resources as they contend with eight criminal masterminds , including the Penguin , Deathstroke , Deadshot and the Joker , along with their assorted thugs . This Batman is aggressive and athletic , and he has a few new toys like the Batwing and the remote claw , which allows him to target multiple enemies in one swoop . Players will also explore new areas from the comic book mythology like Amusement Mile , Old Gotham and the city 's docks . Much like Christopher Nolan 's films , the "  Arkham " franchise has excelled at bringing a fresh take to the Caped Crusader , and this third game is shaping up as another crossover hit . "  Dead Rising 3 "  Capcom ; November ; Xbox One It would n't be Comic-Con without zombies . This latest game from Capcom Vancouver may be set 10 years after the events of "  Dead Rising 2 , " but everything about this next-generation horror game is different -- beginning with the horror . The humorous tone of previous iterations is taking a back seat to real scares in this open world game . These zombies are frightening and a lot tougher to deal with . The city of Los Perdidos offers plenty of challenges  it 's so large , you can actually fit the first two game worlds inside it  , since it 's been overrun by the undead . It 's a huge seamless playground that 's completely destructible . Vehicles , including a hearse , are at your disposal as transportation and another weapon against zombies . Players take control of mechanic Nick Ramos , who has the ability to build some very cool customized weapons . The game also utilizes Kinect voice , allowing players to distract zombies with voice commands . And the Xbox SmartGlass opens up exclusive missions and second-screen functionality for what looks like a bloody good time . Share your mini-interviews from Comic-Con "  Octodad : Dadliest Catch "  Young Horses ; 2014 ; PlayStation 4 , PC Sony has embraced independent developers with its PS4 console and invited them onstage during its E3 news conference last month . One of those featured games comes from the Chicago-based Young Horses , and it 's unlike any next-generation game out there . Players take control of an orange octopus somehow passing as a human by wearing a blue suit . The challenge is in accomplishing mundane tasks like shopping at a grocery store or cooking on a grill while controlling your tentacles to walk and pick things up . Those suction cups quickly get in the way , however . The objective is to remain unnoticed by the humans  who do n't seem to mind an octopus until he starts flinging plates across the room by accident  . The challenges get progressively more difficult , as players must navigate a wedding ceremony without tripping on banana peels or knocking over the priceless vases that line the aisle . This game offers plenty to laugh at and requires a lot of skill to complete . "  Total War : Rome II "  Sega/The Collective Assembly ; September 3 ; PC In this real-time strategy game , players must assume control of a powerful ruler from the earliest days of the Roman republic with the goal of conquering the world . This sequel to the popular PC game returns us to the rich history of ancient Rome and incorporates everything from epic battles featuring hundreds of soldiers , horses , catapults and African war elephants to the political intrigue of diplomacy and nation-building . Players can zoom in to the battles as soldiers slice and dice their way through enemy lines . The game also allows naval battles , meaning warships can destroy enemy vessels , and sailors can board and fight the survivors . Even novices can command huge battlefields , moving from skirmish to skirmish with the click of a mouse . If you have a higher-end PC , the developers have brought every detail , from the weapons to the landscapes , to life in high-definition glory . History has never been so much fun . "  Watch Dogs "  Ubisoft ; November 19 ; Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , PC , Wii U , Xbox One , PlayStation 4 Ubisoft is introducing a massive open-world game that recreates the city of Chicago and allows players to control every camera , traffic light and El train within it . Playing as Aiden Pierce , a hacker with a smartphone that connects to Chicago 's central operation system , players can access every element of the city 's infrastructure and learn about every citizen who surrounds them . All of this power creates superhero-like capabilities through technology . Players must decide how to use this power and gauge their own morality level by choosing to help crime victims or aid the bad guys . Every action will have repercussions , as the police and even citizens will get involved . The game utilizes Xbox SmartGlass , allowing a second player to either help or hinder Pierce as he explores this world .	Developers are offering hands-on opportunities at San Diego Comic-Con Sega is offering a public hands-on with the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS game "  Sonic Lost World " Warner Bros. . Interactive is promoting its 2014 open-world combat game , "  Mad Max " Trey Parker and Matt Stone are promoting a role-playing game , "  South Park : The Stick of Truth "
CNN  -- A month before Delvin Barnes grabbed a woman off a street in Philadelphia , he hit a teen with a shovel in Virginia and stuffed her into the trunk of a car , authorities say . Barnes , 37 , was arrested Wednesday after police tracked him down using his car 's GPS device . The arrest followed his alleged kidnapping of a nurse in Philadelphia . He was detained about 20 miles southwest of Baltimore . But before he appears in court for the alleged Philadelphia abduction , he made a detour to Virginia to face charges in another alleged kidnapping . Maryland extradited him to Virginia , where he was booked and processed Thursday night . A month apart , but similar Like in Philadelphia , the abduction in Virginia was brazen . The kidnappings were a month apart and 275 miles away from each other , but they have some similarities . Both women were younger than the alleged kidnapper : the one in Virginia was 16 , and the latest victim , Carlesha Freeland-Gaither , was 22 . Police say the teen was sexually abused . CNN does not name victims of sexual abuse . Though police did not release many details of the Virginia incident , authorities say the victims did n't know the suspect . In both cases , their attacker held them for a few days . Virginia teen held for two days In Virginia , a family 's nightmare started when the 16-year-old went missing . Relatives called the Charles City County Sheriff 's Office on October 1 . The victim told police she was hit in the head with a shovel and stuffed into the trunk of a car , according to Capt. Jayson Crawley . She was taken to the home of the suspect 's parents in Charles City County , where she was sexually abused , authorities said . While there , the suspect showed the teen pictures of other girls he said he had abducted , authorities said . Two days later , the suspect allegedly brought the then-naked girl into the backyard , poured bleach and gasoline on her , burned her clothes and dug a hole . When he was briefly distracted , the girl fled into the woods . Two miles away , she stumbled onto a business , and employees brought her inside . Barnes is charged with abduction , forcible rape and malicious wounding with a chemical , among other charges . "  I just want to kill him -- just want to kill him , " the girl 's mother told CNN affiliate WWBT . The mother says Barnes allegedly told her daughter that he was going to kill her . After all that her daughter suffered , the mother said , she changed and did n't look like herself . "  I can forgive him , but could never forget , " the mother told WWBT . Man allegedly raped , burned girl in Virginia Philadelphia woman abducted near home Freeland-Gaither was abducted Sunday night after she got off a bus in Philadelphia 's Germantown-Penn Knox area . As she walked the few blocks to her home , the suspect 's car passed her and quickly parked . A man then got out and met Freeland-Gaither at an intersection , Philadelphia police Chief Inspector Dennis Wilson said . Then her abductor pounced . Surveillance video captured the entire incident . It shows Freeland-Gaither forcibly led away to a car after a brief tussle on the ground . During the struggle , her glasses and cell phone fell to the road . She kept fighting -- even breaking a passenger side window -- but the car sped away . "  I 've been on the job 46 years ,  and this is the  first time I 've ever seen a kidnapping on videotape .  It  really was horrific to watch it unfold , " Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said . Philadelphia police Detective James Sloan called a witness to the abduction , Dwayne Fletcher , "  a hero " for alerting police . "  If it was n't for him , I do n't think we would have had the same outcome , " Sloan said . Barnes admitted to the abduction , according to a criminal complaint . "  I 'm glad they got him , " his former father-in-law , Anthony Meyers , told CNN affiliate , KTRK . "  It 's the kind of person he is . He 's pure evil . Pure evil . " Suspect left a trail In Freeland-Gaither 's case , the abductor left behind a string of clues . A day after the kidnapping , the suspect allegedly used her ATM card at a machine in Aberdeen , Maryland . The same day , he allegedly used her card to make a purchase at a convenience store . Police released surveillance video of both transactions . A car dealer identified Barnes from the videos and alerted authorities that he had placed a GPS device in the suspect 's car because of concerns about his bad credit , authorities said . The GPS device in the suspect 's car is used to alert customers when they 're behind on payments and also allows dealers to track down the vehicle and stop it , said PassTime USA CEO Stan Schwartz , the head of the company that made the unit . Barnes was told the device was in the car , Schwartz said . Police found the car in Jessup , Maryland , where they rescued Freeland-Gaither on Wednesday night . She was briefly hospitalized and released Thursday , and then reunited with her family after a harrowing three days . "  She had injuries , but nothing life-threatening , fortunately , " Ramsey said . Jail official : Barnes is on suicide watch As for Barnes , he now sits at the Riverside Regional Jail in Prince George , Virginia , just over the James River from Charles City County . Medical professionals have assessed Barnes and put him on suicide watch based on his statements , Lt. Laura Gray said . Members of the public and investigators are not allowed to speak with him while he 's on suicide watch . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Jean Casarez and Lawrence Crook III contributed to this report .	NEW : The Virginia victim 's mother on the suspect : ' I just want to kill him ' Delvin Barnes is on suicide watch at a Virginia jail He is charged in the alleged abduction of a 16-year-old girl in Virginia last month He then abducted a 22-year-old Philadelphia woman near her home , authorities say
LifeWire  -- Misti Guertin was a publicist with a full roster of clients and a growing salary when her husband , Gary , 56 , was offered a job managing a luxury resort on a private island in the Caribbean . "  It takes some heartfelt conversations to begin balancing the career scales in a marriage , " says an expert . "  My career was just beginning to bloom , " says the Stuart , Florida , resident , "  but we both placed more emphasis on Gary 's career . " Misti , 47 , was raised to believe that the man 's career comes first . So she went , taking a token title as co-manager of the resort . But less than a year after their arrival in 2005 , a fire ravaged the resort and Gary 's contract was terminated . "  The strain on our relationship was sizable , " she says . The couple returned to Florida , where Misti went back to work as a publicist and Gary as the general manager of a yacht club and marina . Her income this year , she says , will exceed Gary 's . It 's common for couples to place more emphasis on the man 's career , according to a 2007 study of more than 9,000 married men and women ages 25-59 . The researchers , from the University of Iowa and the University of California-Davis , also found that when couples relocate , the husband tends to get a salary boost -- $ 3,000 on average . But the wife loses $ 750 . "  When couples migrate , they are -LSB- typically -RSB- doing it for the benefit of the husband 's career , and so the wife is what we call the ` trailing spouse , ' " says study author Mary Noonan , associate professor of sociology at the University of Iowa . "  She may have to take a job in the new location that is a less-than-ideal match for her skills -LSB- or -RSB- qualifications . " Expert : ` Things are moving slowly in the right direction ' Why do couples , even today , let the woman 's job take a back seat ? Blame it on socialization , says Noonan . While it may not be true for every relationship , more often than not , she says , "  men and women are taught to play very different roles within marriage . Women are socialized to play a homemaking role within the family , whereas men are encouraged to focus on their careers and breadwinning . " See how one dad has taken on child-rearing duties " Daniel Buccino , a psychotherapist and faculty member at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , agrees . "  Until more men are willing to say , ` You know , honey , you should n't have to change your name or sacrifice your career , and I 'll stay home with our kids and aging parents , ' progress will remain glacial , " he says . "  But things are moving slowly in the right direction . " After Dayna Steele , 48 , published her first book in March and began making the media rounds , she found herself dealing with subtle power plays at home . "  I have tried very hard to schedule around my husband 's full-time job and keep him posted on my schedule , confirming dates before I book them , " says Steele , a former radio host living in Seabrook , Texas . "  Then , he started scheduling things over mine without telling me . "  It turned into a battle when I first tried to point out to him what he was doing -- trivializing my new career after promising to support it because he had a ` more important ' job . " Steele knows her husband 's salary and benefits are important but says her career deserves respect , too . "  We 're not quite all the way there , but we 're making some progress , " she says . Steele 's husband , Charles Justiz , 55 , a NASA research pilot , says he does his best to show he values his wife 's career , but it can be challenging , especially with two children . "  We 've had some collisions , " he admits . "  I ca n't call NASA and say , ` Excuse me , I ca n't come in because my wife has a book signing . ' " See how CNN journalists juggle careers with motherhood " But they 're both working on being more flexible , he says . "  I love my wife , and the old saying is true : ` If Mama ai n't happy , ai n't nobody happy . ' " ` Balancing career scales ' Experts have some tips for couples clashing over a career move : Trade places . "  It takes some heartfelt conversations to begin balancing the career scales in a marriage , " says Les Parrott , a clinical psychologist and faculty member at Seattle Pacific University . "  It requires both spouses to be honest with their feelings . " Parrott asks clients to list what 's important to them about their careers , assigning each element a value from 1 to 10 . After each spouse makes a list , they try to guess how much their partner values each item . "  It 's almost always an eye-opener , " says Parrott . "  It helps them empathize . It helps them trade places . And with that new perspective , they are ready for a more honest and grace-filled exploration of their options together . " Try the "  package deal " approach . When a couple is considering relocating , Buccino says , one spouse should see what the new company can do for the other . Switch off . Buccino says the fluidity of today 's job market gives couples "  opportunities to evaluate and re-evaluate and hopefully switch off between whose career takes priority at various phases along the marital life cycle . " When neither is willing to budge , there 's always the long-distance marriage . "  I have seen two-career couples that live in two different cities , " Buccino says , "  because neither is willing to pass up great career opportunities . " While such an arrangement may be a good interim move , it can take a toll on the relationship . "  Some couples have not made it , " Buccino says . "  If they 're committed to each other and the relationship , and otherwise so busy with work when apart , then it can work . But I 'm not sure I 'd recommend it as a first choice . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Sarah Jio is a Seattle-based writer who has contributed to "  Cooking Light , " "  SELF , " "  Glamour " and many other publications .	Study : It 's common for couples to place more emphasis on the man 's career Book author battles with NASA pilot over whose career is most important Wife found herself dealing with subtle power plays at home Possible fixes : Long-distance marriage , trading places , honest conversations
The day ended with two slain New York police officers . But it started , investigators say , when Ismaaiyl Brinsley found a way to slip into his ex-girlfriend 's apartment building . A fight over the status of their relationship quickly erupted around 5:30 a.m. Saturday after Brinsley unexpectedly knocked on the door of the apartment in the Baltimore suburb of Owings Mills , Maryland , police said . During the dispute , Brinsley pointed a gun at his own head , New York Police Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce told reporters . Shaneka Nicole Thompson , a 29-year-old who 'd known Brinsley for about a year and was once romantically involved with him , persuaded him not to shoot himself . But just 20 minutes after Brinsley arrived , calls of a shot fired there came into 911 . Thompson had been shot in the stomach with a 9mm semiautomatic handgun . By the time police arrived , police said , Brinsley had fled -- stealing Thompson 's cell phone and carrying it with him as he headed north on the highway . Minutes later , he called her mother and apologized , telling her he 'd shot Thompson "  by accident and that he hopes she lives , " Boyce said . She was seriously injured , police said , but her condition is improving and she 's expected to survive . After the shooting , police scrambled to search for the gunman . "  The victim says the subject does not have a driver 's license . He 's currently homeless . He has no friends of family in the area , " a police dispatcher says in calls after the shooting obtained by CNN affiliate WJZ . "  New York , " the dispatcher continues . "  His family 's in New York . " Social media messages spur warning Baltimore County Police said it was one of Thompson 's friends who alerted them Saturday afternoon to troubling Instagram posts . The friend believed they came from Brinsley . "  These posts included overt threats to kill police officers , " police said , and they appeared to be posted in Brooklyn , New York . "  I 'm putting wings on pigs today ... they take one of ours , let 's take two of theirs , " one Instagram post said . Around 2:10 p.m. , 40 minutes after speaking with the friend , Baltimore County Police said they called a New York Police Department precinct to warn them . Then they faxed a "  wanted " poster with Brinsley 's picture . "  Suspect is armed with a 9mm handgun and has posted pictures on Instagram saying that he will shoot a police officer today , " a description on the flier says . "  PLEASE USE EXTREME CAUTION , " it says in large red letters . "  THREATS ON POLICE , " it continues . "  ARMED SUBJECT . " But the message to be on alert apparently came too late . While New York Police Department notifications about the warning were going out , Boyce said , Brinsley ambushed two officers in their patrol car , shooting them dead . New York police praised their Baltimore counterparts for their efforts . "  All things were done exactly the way they were supposed to . ... There was no lapse on anybody 's part , " Boyce said . Ex-girlfriend to detectives : He never mentioned police Speaking to police detectives from her hospital bed Sunday night , Thompson -- a member of the Air Force reserves -- told them Brinsley did n't say he wanted to kill police or mentioned anything about officers when they fought Saturday morning . "  The argument on Saturday morning was about them and their relationship , " Baltimore County police spokeswoman Elise Armacost told WJZ . Boyce described Thompson as a "  very courageous young woman " who tried to persuade her ex-boyfriend not to take his own life . "  He put the gun to his own head when he broke into her apartment . Then she talked him out of that , and he later shot her before he left , " Boyce said . Before that day , Boyce said , "  she said she 'd never seen him with a gun . " Lengthy criminal history Long before Saturday 's shootings , Brinsley was no stranger to police . He had an extensive criminal record , including at least 19 arrests , a two-year prison term and several stints in Georgia jails , Boyce said . Brinsley 's mother told detectives she had n't seen her son in a month . He "  had a very troubled childhood , " "  was often violent " and had tried to commit suicide , she told them , according to Boyce . "  This has nothing to do with police retaliation , " Jalaa'a Brinsley , the gunman 's older sister , told CNN affiliate WCBS . "  This was a troubled , emotionally troubled , kid . He needed help . He did n't get it . " When they were children , she said , she was "  best friends " with her brother . "  But when he turned to a life of crime , " she said , "  I had to separate myself from him . " It was n't immediately clear , Boyce said , how Brinsley got the gun he used to shoot his ex-girlfriend and two police officers before turning the weapon on himself . A man bought the handgun at a Georgia pawn shop in 1996 , when Brinsley was just 9 . Detectives are working with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , Boyce said , "  to find out where  the gun  could have fallen into his hands . " In a 2011 hearing in Cobb County , Georgia , Brinsley pleaded guilty to theft , property damage , possession of a firearm by a felon and discharging a gun near a public street after he used a stolen .25 caliber semiautomatic handgun to fire into a gold Chevy Malibu . When asked by a judge at the hearing whether he 'd ever been a patient in a mental institution or under the care of a psychologist or psychiatrist , he answered yes , according to court documents . His aunt and sister told WCBS that his family struggled to understand why he was set free after so many run-ins with the law . "  They kept releasing him into the streets , " Jalaa'a Brinsley said , "  so is n't that a problem that the justice system should be asking , not us . " Detectives comb social media posts On social media , Brinsley also had a history , posting numerous rants on Instagram , Boyce said . Detectives are investigating his past posts on Facebook and Instagram , and looking through his e-mails and phone records . "  What we 're seeing from this right now is anger against the government , anger at the police , " Boyce said . Some posts mentioned Michael Brown and Eric Garner , whose killings by police have sparked protests across the country . "  I always wanted to be known for doing something right , " one of his last posts on social media said . "  But my past is stalking me and my present is haunting me . " And it 's not just his posts that detectives are looking into . They 're also looking at social media to investigate anyone who posted responses to Brinsley 's posts that could lead to violence , New York Police Department sources said . Shortly before he shot the officers in New York , Boyce said , Brinsley spoke with two people and asked them three things . "  He asked for their gang affiliation , " Boyce said . "  He asked them to follow him on Instagram . And then he says , ` Watch what I 'm going to do . ' "	Police say Shaneka Thompson 's condition is improving Her ex-boyfriend shot her , then killed two New York Police officers Baltimore County Police sent a warning to the New York Police Department about him While a notification was going out , police say , Brinsley ambushed two officers
CNN  -- The United Nations said Monday that it has begun pulling staff out of a western state of Myanmar where the government has declared a state of emergency following clashes between Muslims and Buddhists . The inter-ethnic violence in the state of Rakhine has killed at least 17 people in just over a week , according to official media . President Thein Sein 's office issued an order imposing a state of emergency in Rakhine on Sunday , saying "  riots and disturbances " had spread , according to the New Light of Myanmar , a government-run newspaper . The United Nations is temporarily relocating its staff from the area on a voluntary basis for safety reasons , said Ashok Nigam , the organization 's resident and humanitarian coordinator in Yangon , Myanmar 's largest city . He said news reports and information from U.N. workers suggested that the unrest was making it impossible to continue operating in the region . Violence in the western coastal area of Myanmar , which borders Bangladesh , erupted after the police detained three Muslim men in relation to the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman late last month . Anger over the case fueled an attack by about 300 local people on a bus in the Taungup area of Rakhine that killed 10 Muslim passengers on June 3 , according to the New Light of Myanmar . Clashes have multiplied since then , alarming the authorities . Rakhine is home to the Rohingya , an ethnic Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted by Myanmar 's ruling military junta and have long sought refuge in other places . Over the years , Rohingya have fled by sea in small boats to other countries like Thailand and Malaysia . The United Nations has estimated that more than 200,000 Rohingya live in legal limbo in Bangladesh . "  What is currently happening in the Rakhine state is about putting grievances , hatred , and desire for revenge at the forefront , based on racial and religious grounds , and that 's why anarchic actions are becoming widespread , " Thein Sein , the president and former military official , said in a televised address Sunday . The unrest runs counter to the efforts of Thein Sein 's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . Western governments have rewarded progress in the country over the past year by easing economic sanctions . Violence in Rakhine on Friday killed seven people and wounded 17 , according to the New Light of Myanmar . It said that 494 houses , 19 shops and one guesthouse were destroyed . The state of emergency means that defense forces will help maintain order in the state . The authorities also appear to be clamping down on the flow of information from Rakhine . The board of censors has told non-government publications in Myanmar that it will censor any articles on the situation in the western state that are not based on official reports , according to two people from different news media organizations who declined to be identified for fear of reprisals . Attempts to reach the Myanmar authorities for comment on the matter on Monday were unsuccessful . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that the United States is concerned about the reported violence , and "  urges all parties to exercise restraint and immediately halt all attacks . " Praising recent reform efforts by the Myanmar 's national government , Clinton said : "  The situation in Rakhine State underscores the critical need for mutual respect among all ethnic and religious groups and for serious efforts to achieve national reconciliation . " CNN 's Sarita Harilela , Jethro Mullen and Licia Yee contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities threaten to censor reporting by non-government media Violence in western Myanmar has killed at least 17 people in recent days A state of emergency has been declared after clashes between Muslims and Buddhists "  Anarchic actions are becoming widespread , " says President Thein Sein
CNN  -- I was in Florida this week , not for the vigils and protest at the Sanford courthouse , but as a guest of an organization that changed this country 's political , cultural and moral trajectory through its protest and more importantly through its organizing before I was even born . As I sat on a panel on civic engagement at the NAACP convention in Orlando , looking out at the crowd of still passionate , but aging warriors of grassroots organizing who fought injustice , I could n't help but think in the face of this tragedy fanning a deep hunger for action -- what would Fannie Lou Hamer do ? What would Baynard Rustin do ? What would Cesar Chavez do ? What would some of the organizing pioneers of the movements that changed our country do in the face of such injustice and subsequent unrest growing out of this irreconcilable moral incongruity ? The acquittal of George Zimmerman is triggering a truly grassroots hunger for action to help heal the hurt the community feels . There needs to be a modicum of moral satisfaction to help heal the divide . And yes moral , because while pundits can argue all day about the legal correctness of the verdict , one has to submit that letting an armed grown man off scot-free after he stalked and killed a teenager who was doing nothing more than walking home with candy does not sit well in the court of moral opinion . There being no consequence for killing an unarmed child who was n't bothering anyone has to be in conflict with our nation 's moral compass or we have to admit that our moral compass is at best broken and at worst a convenient lie . This moral distress needs a positive outlet . So what is the community to do now ?  I initially wrote "  What is the progressive community to do now ? " But I quickly checked myself because , frankly , the so-called mainstream progressive political organizations that always , always have something to say around gender issues or immigration or marriage equality issues have been deafeningly silent up to this point on the issue of the Zimmerman verdict . The community  and define community as a coalition of the willing , not simply by race  now must take a page from the NAACP organizer 's handbook and give this dissatisfaction an avenue toward a positive reaffirming conclusion in the absence of justice from the courts . And frankly , I do n't think there is a court solution now that will make Zimmerman do time for the murder . My fear is that the current round of protest and vigils will go the way of Occupy Wall Street which in the end , I 'm sorry , was a lot of sound and fury signifying nothing in a political , economic or even a cultural sense . No one in the halls of Congress or Wall Street today fears or is inspired to action because of those protests . And that 's a shame , but as is often typical of movements on the left that tend to resemble cat herding , nothing happens much beyond speeches -- as opposed to recent movements on the right such as the tea party uprising . They organized into something that for better or worse has defined much of the policy debate for the last couple of years in this country . What must we do now ? Organize ! Organize the hurt and frustration into a set of actions that will have policy ramifications and drive the political debate in this country . So yes protest , but at those protests hand out registration forms and targeted street maps for registration drives in those areas where the protests are being held . Split the marchers up into groups , hand out hoodies and have them fan out across the communities in hoodie registration drives . Borrow from Howard Dean 's 50-State Strategy and organize neighbor to neighbor canvassing programs where people inside the community are engaging the people they live beside in those communities in a conversation about why this matters . Do n't allow politicians who need the votes of our community to avoid addressing laws that will make this sort of profiling and murder more difficult in the future . Hold those politicians accountable at the federal level , but more importantly at the state level where most of these laws are written . And if need be , yes , organize primary challenges to state senators and city councilmen who do n't seem to get it . Define an agenda that starts with gun control and anti-profiling legislation and challenge politicians to sign on or get primaried . By the way , you will be surprised by how few votes you need to win most state senate races . In politics we love to simplify complex political narratives with tags like "  Soccer Moms " or "  Nascar Dads " that defines an election cycle -- Let 's bring organizing power to our protest so that 2014 is defined by the Trayvon voter ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cornell Belcher .	Cornell Belcher : What would civil rights pioneers have done about verdict ? He says protests are fine but a smart strategy would focus on organizing Belcher says voters should rally around Trayvon case , hold politicians accountable He says voters must push politicians to favor gun control , anti-profiling legislation
CNN  -- When the last surviving soldiers of the First World War -- British Tommies and French poilus alike -- died a few years ago , national newspapers in London and Paris , but also in Canberra , Wellington and Ottawa , responded to this transition with numerous articles . The reason was obvious : For the French as for the British , the former Dominions , but also for the Belgians , World War I is seen still today as the main historical watershed of the 20th century . And it is not by accident that in the political and historical language of these countries this fact is reflected accordingly . The war is not so much commemorated as the first of two world wars but as La Grande Guerre , The Great War , De Groote Oorlog . Commemorating the war in Germany has always been and still today is much more complicated . Whatever were the consequences of the war after 1918 , there was another history that came to overshadow the war and made it only the first of two catastrophes . In the light of National Socialist dictatorship , the Second World War and the monstrosity of the Holocaust , the war of 1914 became , in the eyes of many Germans , a kind of past past , a prelude to the total war which started in September 1939 and which would lead to the final catastrophe of a German nation state in the 20th Century . It is against this background that even after 100 years , for many Germans the fatal shots in Sarajevo mark the beginning of a second Thirty Years War of unprecedented violence between 1914 and 1945 -- in other words there is a stark tendency to view the First World War in relation to 1933 and 1939 , and to see the rise of Hitler as a consequence of the burden which the war and the following peace treaty of Versailles brought about . The prize of this retrospective logic is a very deterministic view on history : As if the Weimar Republic had been doomed to failure from its very beginning , and as if there had never been any alternative to dictatorship , mass murder and total war . This constellation also explains why in German discussions , the dimension of the war is reduced to the question of a specific war guilt . Since one can not possibly deny the responsibility for the outbreak of war in 1939 , the debate on 1914 is all the more intensive -- even 50 years after the so-called Fischer debate of the 1960s , caused by the Hamburg historian Fritz Fischer who argued that German political and military elites deliberately caused the war in an attempt to break off the perceived encirclement of the country . In a fierce controversy , Fischer was attacked by many conservative colleagues , many of whom had fought in the war . They accused him of confirming , ex-post facto , the allied position after 1918 vis-à-vis Germany and of legitimizing the Versailles treaty 's logic , which had so much poisoned the Weimar Republic 's political culture . The amazing success of Christopher Clark 's book "  The Sleepwalkers " in Germany a hundred years after the outbreak of the war underlines just how important the question of war guilt still is in the eyes of many Germans . The book 's argument of shared responsibility , of all international actors and a complex interaction in July 1914 , is translated into some kind of historical exculpation : Yes , Germany caused the Second World War , but it is not the main and sole culprit behind the escalation in 1914 -- and hence German responsibility for what went wrong in the first half of the 20th Century seems to be put in relative terms . At the moment one can witness how historical analysis is translated into the politics of history . At first sight this is the core of what seems to be the continuation of earlier debates of the 1960s between followers and critics of Fischer . But behind this , another debate becomes visible : One about Germany 's self-positioning in Europe and the world . Because for decades the experience of two world wars and the catastrophe of the German nation state meant that Germany would abstain from a leading political role , including military engagements , corresponding to the country 's economic strength . Against this background it is hardly surprising that some political commentators argue that now , with the war-guilt of 1914 put away , it is high time to re-formulate a more outspoken European and world-wide responsibility of German politics . However it seems surprising that all of this is still a very German perspective on a world war that was so much more than what happened at the Western and the Eastern front . From a German perspective it is all too easy to fall into the retrospective logic of history , to view 1914 in the light of 1933 , 1939 and 1945 . But the first of two world wars was more than a prelude , and it was more than an explosion of violence in Europe . When writing my own book on the First World War in Harvard , many colleagues from the Americas , from Africa , from China , Japan and from India were right in asking for a global view on a truly global war . Compared with this perspective the German view on the First World War is still heavily impregnated by the boundaries of national memory . READ MORE : Should nations pay price for leaders ' misdeeds ? READ MORE : Seven things to know about man who sparked WWI READ MORE : Meet the ` bionic men ' of World War I	Commemorating WWI in Germany has always been complicated , Leonhard says Germans tend to view WWI in relation to 1933 and 1939 , and rise of Hitler a consequence In Germany , the question of guilt for the war tends to dominate discussion Some argue it 's time for Germany to move on and be more outspoken in the world
CNN  -- In the Hezbollah militia strongholds in southern Beirut and south Lebanon , they set off fireworks and fired guns in the air . In the northern Israeli city of Haifa , people waved Egyptian and Palestinian flags . But when Egypt 's vice president read President Hosni Mubarak 's resignation statement Friday , patrons watching TV in Tavelino Cafe in Amman , Jordan , suddenly turned quiet . The cafe 's Egyptian manager "  clearly is not happy about the news , " said CNN iReporter Johnny Colt . "  Just last night , the man spoke to me at length about Egypt and why Mubarak needed to stay until September . When I asked him how he felt about the Mubarak news , my new friend suddenly told me he can not speak English and that I should use my computer to find English news . " Such was the disparity of opinions that could be heard in the Middle East about the events unfolding in Egypt on Friday . So , too , were the responses from world leaders and political organizations -- some of whom ascribed starkly different reasons for the historic significance of the moment . To British Prime Minister David Cameron , Mubarak 's departure was an important first step for a nation yearning for democracy . "  Today has been a remarkable day , " Cameron said , "  particularly for those people in Tahrir Square and elsewhere , who have spoken out so bravely and so peacefully for change in their country . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy hailed Egypt 's "  historic moment " and paid tribute to Mubarak 's decision to resign . He called for steps leading to free elections and reforms and urged Egyptians "  to continue their non-violent march to freedom . " For the government of Iran , Egypt 's political earthquake meant something entirely different . "  A new Middle East is taking shape , not the Mideast the West had planned for but one which has been created based on Islamic awakening , " said Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast in an interview with state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency called it "  joyful coincidence " that Egypt 's revolution culminated on the 32nd anniversary of Iran 's Islamic revolution victory . Elsewhere in the region , political groups , some of which are hostile to Israel and the West , were quick to attach the success of the Egyptian revolt to their own aspirations . Mohammed Al-Qubati , a spokesman for Yemen 's biggest opposition coalition , the Joint Meeting Parties , said "  the map of the Arab nations will change as a result of the revolution . " "  Mubarak 's fall , " Al-Qubati said , "  proves that oppression and use of force can not add life to the current regimes , and time for change has come . " The Joint Meeting Parties is primarily a coalition of Islamists and Socialists . Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri called Mubarak 's ouster "  a victory for the Palestinian people . " Hamas , said Zuhri , "  calls on the new Egyptian leadership to lift the siege of Gaza and to open the Rafah crossing and assure the free movement between Egypt and Palestine and to start the development construction process of Gaza . " Zuhri 's remarks reflected the sentiments of Palestinians in Hamas-controlled Gaza and the West Bank . In Gaza , revelers spilled into the streets , honked car horns and fired guns in celebration . Israel 's two major TV channels carried the announcement of Mubarak 's departure live , with images from Cairo 's Tahrir Square supplemented by their political and Arab affairs commentators debating what the development means for Israel . The headline on the website of Israel 's largest newspaper , Yedioth Aronoth , read , "  Mubarak Quits -- Masses Elated . " The Israeli government said little about the fall of Mubarak . The Anti-Defamation League in New York issued a statement expressing concern about how the political transformation of Egypt will affect Israel and "  what role the Muslim Brotherhood will play in the transition and beyond . " In Lebanon , public reaction appeared muted . Diners in small cafes watched Arab satellite coverage of the Egyptian street celebrations . For some , it brought back nostalgic memories of the 2005 uprising that kicked the Syrians out of Lebanon . However , a Hezbollah spokesman told CNN , "  this is the true path when the people believe in their resolve " and it makes all their sacrifices worthwhile . " The spokesman applauded the "  the steadfastness and unity of the Egyptian people , young and old , men and women , which showed that blood was stronger than the sword . " Mubarak frequently accused Hezbollah cells of infiltrating Egypt at the behest of Iran . Western leaders have expressed concerns that a post-Mubarak Egypt could become another Iran . Egypt 's pro-Western neighbors fear their governments could suffer similar fates if popular uprisings spread to their countries . Few , if any , representatives of those governments publicly uttered such fears on Friday . Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh called Egypt "  a pillar in the region " and sent along "  wishes for stability , security and prosperity . " A statement from the United Arab Emirates said its government "  is always keen to foster brotherly , distinguished historic ties with Egypt in a way that serves the interests of the two brotherly countries and their peoples . " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan released a statement expressing his government 's "  hope for a peaceful transition to a participatory and pluralistic order in full respect for human rights . " Erdogan called on Egyptian military officials to exercise "  common sense and restraint " in the transfer of power to a new democratically-elected government . So did officials representing Western governments . In the United States , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said "  it is crucial that Mubarak 's departure be an orderly one and that it leads to true democracy for Egypt , including free , fair and open elections . " "  We caution all sides against violence during this transition , and we will be watching the situation closely , " Reid said . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper called for an Egyptian government "  that will continue to respect peace treaties and seek peace in the Middle East . " Cameron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel , among others , said their governments were ready to help Egypt make the transition to a democratic society . Merkel said her country would "  support as much as we can the justified requests of the people in Egypt . " China 's government wo n't be joining Germany . Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Ma Zhaoxu said , "  China understands and supports Egypt 's efforts to maintain social stability and restore normal order and that the affairs of Egypt should be decided by itself independently without intervention from the outside . " "  China cherishes the traditional friendship and strategic cooperation with Egypt , and believes that the friendly relations between the two countries will continue to develop in a sound and steady manner , " the official said . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Hada Messia , Mohammed Jamjoom , Tim Lister , Kevin Flower and Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkish prime minister urges Egyptian army to show "  common sense and restraint " Iranian TV calls revolution 's date a "  joyful coincidence " TVs in Middle East cafes tune to Egyptian revolution Palestinians in Gaza fire guns in celebration
CNN  -- German billionaire Adolf Merckle , one of the richest men in the world , committed suicide Monday after his business empire got into trouble in the wake of the international financial crisis , Merckle 's family said Tuesday in a statement . Merckle , 74 , was hit by a train in the southwestern town of Ulm , police said . His family said the economic crisis had "  broken " Merckle . He was number 94 on the Forbes list of the world 's richest people . He had fallen from number 44 on the Forbes 2007 rich list as his fortune declined from $ 12.8 billion to $ 9.2 billion in 2008 . Merckle 's business empire included interests as diverse as cement-maker HeidelbergCement and generic drug-maker Ratiopharm . But he lost hundreds of millions of dollars , including company capital , betting against Volkswagen stock last year . The state government of Baden-Wuerttemberg rejected his petition for financial assistance , and he entered bailout talks with several German banks . "  The financial troubles of his companies , induced by the international financial crisis and the uncertainty and powerlessness to act independently which the financial problems brought about , broke the passionate family business man , and he took his own life , " his family wrote in the news release . An employee of Germany 's railroad company found the body on the tracks at about 7 p.m. Monday and notified authorities . Merckle 's family had already reported him missing earlier in the day after he walked out of the house and did not return . Authorities are currently conducting DNA tests to confirm his identity . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen in Germany and Alysen Miller in London , England , contributed to this report .	Adolf Merckle was No. 94 on Forbes list of world 's richest people Merckle 's net worth estimated to be $ 9.2 billion Billionaire was killed by a train in German town of Ulm Family says financial woes "  broke the passionate family business man "
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug to treat bacterial skin infections like Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , also known as MRSA . MRSA is caused by a strain of staph bacteria that 's become resistant to most antibiotics . It 's life-threatening and is often found in hospitals and other health care settings . The new drug , called Dalvance , is taken intravenously . The drug is only approved for use in adults , according to the Chicago-based company that markets the drug , Durata Therapeutics . What makes it different from other MRSA antibiotics is the way it was approved . MRSA can survive for days on planes This is the first drug labeled by the FDA as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product . QIDP is part of a program that the administration hopes will encourage drug companies to develop new drugs like Dalvance that will fight the epidemic of antibiotic-resistant infections . Any drug designated QIDP by the FDA gets a priority review and expedited review process . If approved the drug also then qualifies for an additional five years of marketing exclusivity . Antibiotic-resistant infections are considered such a threat , in a report released earlier this year the World Health Organization said that these infections could derail the "  very achievements of modern medicine . " The report characterizes the problem as so bad that a "  post-antibiotic era " is "  far from being an apocalyptic fantasy . " The WHO report says if health trends continue , a time when typical antibiotics do n't work on run of the mill kinds of infections is "  a very real possibility for the 21st Century . " Hospitals getting better about MRSA Antibiotic-resistant bacteria infect at least 2 million people each year , according to the CDC . Of those , at least 23,000 die as a direct result of the infection and many more die as a result of conditions complicated by that infection , mostly in hospital and health care settings . The number of health care spread MRSA cases is declining , according to the Centers for Disease Control . But on any given day 1 in 25 hospital patients has at least one health care associated infection . Most happen to patients who are not in intensive care units . That means you could go into the hospital for a knee surgery and end up leaving with a serious infection that normal antibiotics do n't treat . Experts say MRSA became a real problem for the health care system as doctors spent decades over-prescribing antibiotics . Patients who came in for treatments for colds and flus were given antibiotics even though such infections do n't typically respond to medication . When you need antibiotics -- and when you do n't Over time , the bacteria that did survive these treatments reproduced and infections that were resistant to antibiotics became wider spread . Outbreaks of MRSA called community-associated MRSA have happened at schools , day care centers , and in gyms , and are typically spread by skin-to-skin contact . Protecting student athletes from MRSA Staph infections typically start with small red bumps which can turn into painful abscesses that often require surgical draining . The latest tool to fight MRSA , Dalvance , was approved after two clinical trials that included 1,289 adults with this kind of infection . The adults were given Dalvance or another antibacterial drug . Dalvance was as effective as that drug for the treatment of this infection . The most common side effects for people on the drug during the trail were nausea  5.5 %  , headache  4.7 %  , and diarrhea  4.4 %  . MRSA : Protect your kid from a superbug	FDA approves new drug to treat skin infections , including MRSA CDC : MRSA infections have gone down in the U.S. Antibiotic-resistant infections are a big problem , WHO says
CNN  -- About 70,000 refugees who fled violence in Mali are living in "  appalling " conditions in a camp in the middle of the Mauritanian desert , Doctors Without Borders said Friday . The situation has only got worse in Mbera camp since French forces entered Mali in January to help local forces take on Islamist militants , the humanitarian group said . About 15,000 more refugees have flooded into the camp since the fighting , and conditions are so bad there that many who were healthy became ill or malnourished after they arrived . Mauritania : Slavery 's last stronghold The number of children admitted to clinics in the camp for severe malnutrition more than doubled in that time , climbing from 42 to 106 , Doctors Without Borders said . About 85 % of the children under treatment arrived between January and February , despite the nutritional status of the new refugees being generally good when assessed on arrival . "  These statistics show that the refugees have grown weaker whilst in the camp , the very place where they should have been receiving assistance , including correctly formulated food rations from aid organizations , " said Henry Gray , emergency coordinator for Doctors Without Borders . "  There has clearly been a lack of preparation for this new influx of refugees . " The camp was set up by the U.N. refugee agency , UNHCR , with the Mauritanian government 60 kilometers  about 37 miles  from the border when refugees started arriving in early 2012 . The report , "  Stranded in the Desert , " is based on testimonies collected from more than 100 refugees at the Mbera camp between February and mid-March of this year . The majority of the refugees in Mbera camp are pastoralists who lived nomadic or semi-nomadic lifestyles in northern Mali , according to the report . Some of the families left their young men behind to tend to their herds while they fled over the border into neighboring Mauritania . "  Most of the refugees are from the Tuareg and Arab communities , " said Gray . "  They fled preemptively , often for fear of violence due to their presumed links with Islamist or separatist groups . Their home in northern Mali is still in the grip of fear and mistrust . " Limited water , poor hygiene facilities While some improvements have been made at the camp since the mass influx of new refugees three months ago , Doctors Without Borders said , "  the challenge will be to continue to provide assistance that meets humanitarian standards . " Water is still in short supply in the desert camp , a situation made worse by daytime temperatures that reach 50 degrees Celsius  122 degrees Fahrenheit  . Refugees at Mbera receive just 11 liters of water per person per day , instead of the 20 liters recommended by humanitarian standards , the report said . Some of the families that arrived in January had to wait more than a month for materials to build shelters , the report said . They were forced to do what they could with sticks and scraps of cloth in the meantime . There is also a serious shortage of toilet facilities . When the camp was extended in January to accommodate the influx of refugees , there were four latrines for 12,000 people -- far below the recommended minimum of one per 20 people . More are now being built , but the hygiene situation remains difficult . Another problem is that the rations provided by the U.N. World Food Program , mostly rice and pulses , are very different from the pastoralist refugees ' customary diet , which is based on meat and milk . Many new arrivals also suffer from delays in getting food supplies , the report said . And with the situation in northern Mali still volatile as French and African forces hunt down the remaining Islamist fighters -- and against a backdrop of complex ethnic and political tensions -- it 's unclear when the refugees will feel able to return home . Mali : The long , troubled desert road ahead ` This time , we left early ' A 71-year-old Malian interviewed for the report , Ibrahimou , said three sons had stayed in their village to care for the livestock , but the rest of his family had left . "  With the other village chiefs , we took the decision to leave out of fear of the Malian army , " he said . "  I lost brothers and cousins in 1992 . I saw a lot of atrocities and I lost a lot of loved ones in the conflict . I almost lost all my animals too . This time , we left early . Nobody knows when we will be back but , at my age , I have no desire to go into exile every 10 years . " About a quarter of those interviewed said they 'd fled direct fighting where their lives or family members ' lives were in danger . A small percentage said they had fled because of the seizure of power by Islamist groups in cities such as Timbuktu , Gao and Kidal . Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . Many of the most recent arrivals in the camp told Doctors Without Borders they had left Mali because of food shortages and other problems . "  Life has become very hard . I had nothing to give to my children . There was nothing to eat , shops were closed or empty . There was no market for cattle . I could not stay because I have small children to feed , " said Halima , aged 24 . Doctors Without Borders has been working at Mbera camp since February 2012 , when the first groups of refugees from Mali began to arrive . Its teams have treated about 1,000 malnourished children since then and delivered about 200 babies . Even before the latest influx of refugees , the nutritional situation was critical , with a study by Doctors Without Borders in November revealing mortality rates above the emergency threshold for children under 2 years old . Since the French-led intervention in January , the number of consultations at its clinics in the camp has gone up from 1,500 to 2,500 per week , Doctors Without Borders said . UNHCR has said that it and partner agencies "  struggle to maintain minimum humanitarian standards in Mbera Camp . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Report : Malian refugees are suffering a lack of food , water and shelter in the desert camp Child malnutrition rates are going up , the Doctors Without Borders report says Conditions are so poor that people who arrive at the camp healthy become ill , it says The Mbera camp was set up in early 2012 after violence first broke out in northern Mali
CNN  -- At the start of the 1980s there were more than a million elephants in Africa . During that decade , 600,000 were destroyed for ivory products . Today perhaps no more than 400,000 remain across the continent , according to Samuel Wasser of the University of Washington , who is widely recognized as an authority on the subject . It is a tragedy beyond reckoning and humanity needs to pay attention to the plight of the elephants before it is too late . In the past few years an epic surge in poaching has resumed the killing , thanks to the penchant for ivory in the Asian market -- especially in China , where ivory is now selling for over $ 1500 a kilo . Recently , Julius Kipng ` etich , the head of the Kenya Wildlife Service , made a plea at the Library of Congress in Washington in an unprecedented appeal for the world to save Kenya 's and Africa 's elephants from the plague of poaching that has in recent years seen the decimation of tens of thousands of them . Interactive : Top 10 conservation hits and misses It is an appeal that follows from Kenya 's determination to torch about 10 tons of ivory last July near Tsavo National Park in a show of disdain for the destroyers of elephants and disgust at the resumption of poaching . If this level of killing continues , if elephants continue to be slaughtered for trinkets and statuettes , in 10 years ' time most of Africa 's elephants will be gone and an ineffable symbol of majesty and wonder -- and the linchpin in the ecology of an entire continent -- will have been consigned to oblivion . A recent Senate hearing in Washington called "  Ivory and Insecurity -- The Global Implications of Poaching in Africa . " underscores the significance of this issue . Iain Douglas-Hamilton , founder of Save the Elephants , John Scanlon , the secretary general of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora  CITES  , and Sen. John Kerry underscored not only the implications of elephant and wildlife poaching , but also the criminal syndicates who make billions on the illegal wildlife trade , as well as its impact on local populations in Africa , global security and even terrorism . An urgent and concerted international will is needed to fund law enforcement to protect what remains of the elephant population of the world . Read more : Kenya finds illegal ivory in boxes disguised as diplomatic baggage Growth in human population is a major concern . Millennia-old elephant migration paths have been disrupted . Climate change is a menace to the elephant and all life . But the wanton shooting of the innocents to satisfy vanity has reached a level of madness no one can ignore . This is perhaps made most clear in the recent destruction of 400 elephants in the Central African Republic by armed militia from Sudan . The killing of elephants is not just a wildlife issue . The world now understands that it is a global issue . Not long ago the United Kingdom 's Independent newspaper proclaimed that the loss of biodiversity was the greatest threat to humanity . How , amidst NATO 's missile-defense problems in Europe , a possible nuclear Iran and the economic failings of modern nations , unemployment and inflation , can the future of the elephant be so urgent ? It is not on the radar of the media nor is it a priority for most people . The answer comes from our ability to affirm life in its moral , ethical and , I would urge humanity to consider , in its spiritual dimensions . The elephant helped us walk out of Africa perhaps 60,000 years ago . We learned from tribal elders in east Africa that elephants , because they knew where to find water , helped humanity survive . It was alongside them that we populated the New World . They are central to our evolution . Elie Wiesel of the Foundation for Humanity has even said that to save the elephant is "  an urgent moral imperative . " Read more : Beauty trumps beast in conservation efforts In Nagoya Japan , in 2010 , world environmental ministers agreed on a global strategy to combat the loss of biodiversity . Those countries in Asia that are the driving force behind the mutilation of the greatest land mammal on Earth must join the battle to save the elephant in Africa and the elephant in Asia and the planet 's other endangered fauna , such as the rhino and tiger and all the other species that are being so ruthlessly ransacked . In so doing they will save face . In a society fixated on growth and money , TEEB ,  The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity  has plainly demonstrated the irreplaceable value of biodiversity , which yearly provides trillions of dollars of value . The forests , oceans , whales and elephants of the world must now enter the balance sheet of ultimate consideration . We have reached the point as a global civilization where we must fight for life and the meaning of life , and much of that stands in the body of the elephant and other fellow species , as well as the forests and the oceans of the world . This battle must not be lost . Elephants are one of the pillars of existence . We must never tell nor have to tell the children -- "  This is where the wild things were . " The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Cyril Christo .	Elephant figures are dramatically decreasing due to poaching and black market ivory trade Christo says in 10 years time , if slaughter continues most of Africa 's elephants will be gone The world faces losing the "  linchpin of ecology of an entire continent "
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel 's military advocate general said the use of cluster bombs by the country 's armed forces during last year 's war with Hezbollah in southern Lebanon was done so in accordance with international law and , as a result , he will not file charges against any military officers who ordered their use . A Lebanese man sits with a cluster bomb , other Israeli shells and mines that failed to explode upon landing . The findings were reported by Brig. Gen. Avihai Mendelblit on Monday . "  Based on the evidence gathered by the Investigating Officer , it was clear that  the  majority of the cluster munitions were fired at open and uninhabited areas , areas from which Hezbollah forces operated and in which no civilians were present . " The enormous collateral damage and civilian casualties in southern Lebanon caused an outcry by rights groups and Arabs governance about the use of cluster bombs . Last January , preliminary findings of a State Department investigation into Israel 's use of U.S.-made cluster bombs in the war showed the Israeli army likely violated agreements with the United States governing their use , a State Department report said . "  There may -- likely could have been some violations , " State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . The State Department sent a report to Congress laying out the preliminary findings , he said . Agreements under the Arms Export Control Act govern use of munitions sold by the United States . Those agreements are confidential . While there is no international treaty in effect regulating cluster bombs , according to Human Rights Watch , their use is restricted under international humanitarian law . Nations are expected to clean up areas where they used cluster bombs once a conflict ends . E-mail to a friend	Israel : Use of cluster bombs during last year 's war with Hezbollah legal No charges against military officers who ordered use of the U.S.-made bombs Investigation findings reported by Brig. Gen. Avihai Mendelblit on Monday Enormous damage and casualties sparked an outcry by rights groups
Mashable  -- Demand for Google 's 7-inch Nexus 7 tablet seems to have well exceeded the tech giant 's expectations . Last week , Google posted a message to its online store saying that shipments of the 16GB model were delayed one to two weeks . Now , the store has stopped taking orders altogether . Those who want to purchase the $ 249 version of the tablet are told to sign up to be notified by e-mail when it is back in stock . The 16GB version is also sold out at GameStop , Kmart , Sam 's Club , Office Depot , Staples , B&H , Best Buy in Canada and , according to The Guardian , Tesco in the UK . The only place to get the device online at this point may be eBay . Google is still accepting orders for the 8GB version however , which costs $ 199 . The 7-inch , Asus-built tablet , which began shipping earlier this month , is the first to run the latest version of Android , codename Jelly Bean . It has a 1280Ã -- 800 HD display  216 ppi  and a quad-core processor . It has received widely positive reviews from the press â $ " our own Peter Pachal called it "  the Android media tablet the Kindle Fire was supposed to be . " Are you in the market for a Nexus 7 ? How are you planning on getting your hands on one ? More from CNN Tech : Opinion : Meritocracy in Silicon Valley a goal , not re Google buys Sparrow for ` new Gmail project ' Grum takedown : ' 50 % of worldwide spam is gone ' Microsoft could owe billions in another antitrust battle © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The Google store has stopped taking orders altogether for the tablet The 16GB version is also sold out at GameStop , Kmart , Sam 's Club , others Google is still accepting orders for the 8GB version , which costs $ 199 The Nexus 7 tablet has received widely positive reviews from the press
CNN  -- In her new book "  10-10-10 , " Suzy Welch advocates a fast and reasoned approach to decision making by asking readers to think about the impact their decisions will have in 10 minutes , 10 months and 10 years . Suzy Welch , right , developed a decision-making process before marrying former GE CEO Jack Welch . The business writer , whose work appears in BusinessWeek and O : The Oprah Magazine , spoke with CNN about whether her method could have prevented the financial crisis , what Oprah would think of her mistrust of gut reactions and how to avoid becoming a cliché from a Talking Heads song . An excerpted version of that interview is below : CNN : Could you start off by explaining what 10-10-10 means ? Welch : It 's a way of infusing intentionality and deliberateness into your decision making so you are living your life instead of your life living you . It impels you to do a values excavation , where you have a very candid conversation about what really matters to you : who you are , who you want to be . Then you take each decision -- each messy decision , each complicated decision ; it 's not about "  Where do we go to dinner ? " -- and you consider the consequences of your options in the immediate future , 10 minutes , in the foreseeable future -- that 's the 10 months -- and then the distant future -- that 's the 10 years . CNN : How does that compare with other decision-making methods , say , like , going with your gut reaction or flipping a coin ? Welch : Gut 's got its moment . There 's a story in the book about when gut saved my life . I think gut is no way to live your life . Gut is a not-transparent , relatively inconsistent method for building a life of your own making . Now , the problem with gut is that good decision-makers are made , not born . If you ask a neuroscientist what gut is , -LSB- he or she would say -RSB- some of our gut reactions are hardwired on the savanna plain at the beginning of humankind . So , paralysis in moments of fear . The sort of selective deafness we have : only listening to people that we like . Not breaking from the group . There are hardwired neurological responses that always the best decision options . So I say , listen to your gut . But do a 10-10-10 , and if there 's a gap , figure out why . Watch Suzy Welch talk about decision-making paralysis " CNN : So if these gut reactions have evolved over time , is this sort of decision-making process then going against what we 've evolved to do ? Welch : It is a shortcut to wisdom . So , in fact , when you meet somebody who 's really , really wise and you ask them how they make decisions , you often hear them describe a form of 10-10-10 . It takes a lot of courage to turn to your parents or to turn to your spouse and say , "  Actually , this is not my beautiful life . " I 'm just quoting that Talking Heads song , but you can wake up when you 're 40 or 35 and say , "  Oh , my God , I lived the last 10 years for someone else . " This is a way to avoid that . CNN : Does this work for everyone ? Welch : I 've yet to see it not work . I 've talked to many , many people now who use it . Here 's where it falls apart : It falls apart in the execution of it . Because people will make a great 10-10-10 decision and then not have the courage to live it . CNN : If everyone used 10-10-10 , do you think we 'd be in the financial crisis we 're in ? Welch : The reason we 're in a financial crisis is because some people did things without integrity . 10-10-10 is so based on having good values . If your values hurt other people for your own financial advancement , a good 10-10-10 decision is n't going to undo that . Had people been playing to their better angels and used 10-10-10 in the financial crisis , yeah , we probably could have avoided some of it . CNN : What 's the hardest decision you 've ever had to make ? Welch : I write about it in the book . It was my divorce ... Just technically speaking , the decision to end a marriage , there 's just almost nothing harder . CNN : Are there any decisions you regret ? Welch : Oh , I have a billion of them . That 's why 10-10-10 came to be , because I was regretting too many decisions . Since I started using 10-10-10 , I think that I 've gotten my decision making in a great place . I do n't want to say that with any kind of hubris , because I make mistakes all the time , because I 'm human . I 'm all too human , I guess . But , you know , there 's no 10-10-10 decision I regret . ... I do n't regret the marriage that I ended , because I have four fabulous children because of it , but perhaps I should have ended it earlier . CNN : In the long term , do you think there are bad decisions ? Because like with that one , you 're saying there are good things that come of it . You learned something . Welch : The great thing about the human condition , OK , is that life goes on . And there are good things that come out of bad . But there are bad decisions that stall you for years . And there are decisions that we make way too late . And if anything what 10-10-10 does is that it expedites good decisions . ... If anything , 10-10-10 encourages us to start living our lives sooner . CNN : You write for O magazine , right ? I 've heard Oprah talk about gut reactions and trusting yourself . Do you think she would agree with you -LSB- on 10-10-10 -RSB- ? Welch : You know , I do n't know how she would feel about it . The book says very clearly that gut has its place . Gut is pattern recognition . I 'm not going to denigrate gut . Sometimes our gut is our inner voice . And I do n't say "  do n't listen to it . " What I 'm saying is , "  backstop it . " What I 'm saying is , "  uncheck it . " What I 'm saying is , "  unpick it . " Sometimes gut is great , and sometimes gut is just easy .	Suzy Welch writes about a fast way for people to make smarter decisions Welch says her method could have prevented some of financial crisis Welch says her strategy is a "  shortcut to wisdom " She says she 's not sure what Oprah would think of the 10-10-10 approach
Rolling Stone  -- "  I got nowhere to go ever since I came back , " Chris Cornell growls over a warped-alloy guitar charge on "  Been Away Too Long , " the lead single from the first Soundgarden album since 1996 . He 's singing about Seattle , about coming home after years away and feeling out of place in his own hometown . He 's also talking about a sound : the grunge his band helped define , and which once dominated rock 's mainstream . Now , there is n't much of a rock mainstream left to dominate ; big , heavy , high-protein bands like Soundgarden are all but extinct . Which is exactly why "  King Animal " is a weirdly cool beast to encounter in 2012 -- like running into a mastodon in a Melvins T-shirt . The band 's sound manages to be as ageless as it is anachronistic . Soundgarden were the crusty hard-rock true believers amid alt-rock 's self-appointed revolutionaries : If Nirvana wanted to shred your world and Pearl Jam strove to redeem it , Cornell , guitarist Kim Thayil , bassist Ben Shepherd and drummer Matt Cameron wanted to take you out in the woods with a six-pack and headbang to Sabbath Bloody Sabbath . King Animal shows they have n't forgotten how to stomp out the jams : Thayil is still a warlock guitar conjurer of the first order , and Cornell rolls around his multi-octave vocal range like some kind of backwoods metal-Mariah . The album follows their root sound down all kinds of mossy paths -- from the South Asia-meets-New Orleans blues burn of "  Black Saturday " to "  A Thousand Days Before , " a snake-hipped meditation on the impermanence of life . Naturally , its centerpiece moment is its heaviest : "  Blood on the Valley Floor , " where sumptuously evil riffs fall like redwoods as Cornell spools out images of war as mindless decadence . "  The blood dries while we spill , " he sings . "  Endless summer . " Peter Travers Ranks All 24 James Bond Movies It 's a quintessentially Soundgarden moment : overpowering but self-loathing . What made them "  grunge " and not just a new kind of old metal was their dire , brutal despair . The band 's greatest songs -- miasmic punishers like "  Black Hole Sun " or "  Fell on Black Days , " from their 1994 watershed , Superunknown -- undercut massive music with lyrics about helplessness and depression . Being Seattle in the Nineties , that helplessness suggested drug abuse . But "  King Animal " was recorded by sober dudes in their forties -- the hymnlike "  Bones of Birds " is about the challenges of parenting , and "  Halfway There " is a matter-of-fact take on class stagnation : "  Something to eat ? / I would say you 're doing better than most , though maybe not as well as some , " Cornell observes . The Best Aerosmith Songs of All Time That line could describe Cornell 's years post-Soundgarden : supergroup success with Tom Morello in Audioslave , then a decade wandering the post-alt-rock solo wilderness , complete with a Timbaland-produced electro-rock puzzler  2009 's Scream  . After years of failed reinvention , the guy on King Animal sounds content to be himself . "  Do n't know where I 'm going/I just keep on rowing , " he moans like a mantra , awash in black swirls of industrial-strength murk on the album 's closing track . It 's that old-time sludge that carries him home . Review : Neil Young and Crazy Horse Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Been Away Too Long " is the lead single from the first Soundgarden album since 1996 The band 's sound manages to be as ageless as it is anachronistic The album follows their root sound down all kinds of mossy paths
Bong Mines , Liberia  CNN  -- Sitting beside the aging railway tracks running deeper into the forest of Liberia , we waited outside the frail wooden hut that was used as a makeshift railway station . Thunder rumbled ominously in the distance but there was no timetable so we had to sit and wait . After a few hours , the railway tracks began to vibrate with the sound of an on-coming train and the small band of passengers stood and looked down the tracks expectantly . Coming into sight , rolling slowly down the tracks , was the Liberian Express , or what is called locally -- "  Make-A-Rail . " It is a small wooden frame , running on ball-bearings and pushed by both the ` Make-A-Rail " operators and passengers down the tracks to get to its destination . We climbed aboard . Two operators and a passenger , holding tightly to the wooden frame of what looks more like a cart , ran alongside and pushed the train . The tracks were visible through the floor and as we passed through the occasional village people would wave . On the slight declines , the "  Make-A-Rail " would gain it 's own momentum and the young men pushing would jump onboard and enjoy the ride . "  A lot of people , especially those with heavy commodities like charcoal , use these to take them to the market , " explained one passenger , Fahnlon Gbakoyah . "  It 's cheap to transport and it 's faster . " The journey from the end of the railway line to Liberia 's capital Monrovia can take up to 36hours by "  Make-A-Rail " -- only a 3hour journey by road - but it costs half the price . However , more importantly , the railway line passes through villages that have little access by road . "  This helps our people in the village , " said another passenger , John Walker . "  If they get sick , we can put them in and quickly take them to hospital . " "  Make-A-Rail " started in the 1990 's during Liberia 's 14-year civil war that left the country 's infrastructure in ruins . But it 's hard work . "  You get tired , so you have to rest for five minutes and then you get more power and can push again hard , " said Eric Pearson , one of the operators . "  But it 's tiring and makes my muscles sore . " But the train can not roll faster than the storm clouds that gather overhead and another of "  Make-A-Rail 's " disadvantages quickly becomes apparent as we quickly get soaked in the rain . We get off at the next station to find cover but the young men continue to push the train down the tracks -- a long journey ahead and plenty of obstacles , but they 're determined to make it anyway they can .	Liberia has a unique transport system - the "  Make-A-Rail " train Officially known as the Liberian Express , it is a wooden train pushed by operators and passengers While the "  Make-A-Rail " is cheap and environmentally friendly , pushing the train is hard work
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. first lady Laura Bush -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- called on Myanmar 's military junta to "  step aside , " give up the "  terror campaigns " against its people and allow for a democratic Myanmar in a commentary published in Wednesday 's Wall Street Journal . U.S. first lady Laura Bush said the junta "  should step aside to make way for a unified Burma . " "  Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies are a friendless regime , " Bush said . "  They should step aside to make way for a unified Burma -LSB- Myanmar -RSB- governed by legitimate leaders . "  The rest of the armed forces should not fear this transition -- there is room for a professional military in a democratic Burma , " Bush said , in keeping with the U.S. policy of still using Myanmar 's former name . In Wednesday 's commentary , Bush called on Myanmar 's military leaders to release Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders so they can meet with and plan for a transition to democracy . "  Meanwhile , the world watches -- and waits , " Bush warns . "  We know that Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies have the advantage of violent force . But Ms. Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy , the support of the Burmese people and the support of the world . "  The regime 's position grows weaker by the day . The generals ' choice is clear : The time for a free Burma is now . " The humanitarian rights situation in Myanmar has been a cause for the first lady in the past few months as the crisis there worsened . Myanmar state media has reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them -- under an emergency law imposed on September 25 banning assembly of more than five people -- and that 700 of those people have been released . The official death toll from Myanmar 's leadership is at 10 , but there are reports that hundreds were killed and thousands arrested in the wake of the demonstrations that peaked late September , which were led by Myanmar 's Buddhist monks . On Tuesday morning , Bush received a phone call from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to update her on the efforts of his special envoy to Myanmar , Ibrahim Gambari . A representative of the secretary general said the call was a follow-up to a conversation they had weeks ago . Gambari met last week with the military junta leadership as well as with Nobel Peace Prize winner Suu Kyi , who is under house arrest in Yangon . The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Zalmay Khalilzad , told reporters that Laura Bush and her husband 's administration believe that there is a "  need to start preparing for transition " for Myanmar . "  We believe it is very important that progress be made and prisoners be released and conditions for Aun Sung Suu Kyi be improved -LSB- so -RSB- that she can prepare for participation for negotiations for a transition , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Laura Bush calls on Myanmar junta to "  step aside , " allow for a democracy Military leaders must give up the "  terror campaigns " against its people , she says Junta should release Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders , she says Her rare foray into foreign policy was published in the Wall Street Journal
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho is hopeful that star striker Cristiano Ronaldo will return for Wednesday 's Champions League clash with Lyon . The Portugal captain will not feature in Saturday 's La Liga game at home to Hercules , having sustained a thigh injury during Real 's 7-0 defeat of Malaga on March 3 . "  I am pretty sure he will play , but I do not like players who are not at 100 % , " Mourinho told reporters at a press conference on Friday . "  If Cristiano had to play tomorrow he would n't because he is not fully fit , but I am sure after training on Saturday , Sunday , Monday and Tuesday he will play next Wednesday . " Real are looking to qualify for the quarterfinals of the European competition for the first time since 2004 , having drawn 1-1 with the French side in the first leg of the last-16 tie on February 22 . However , despite recording a 3-1 win over Racing Santander last weekend -- and having an unblemished home record this season and Mourinho with any club for the past nine years -- Real remain 11 points behind defending champions Barcelona in the Spanish league . Mourinho hit out at his arch-rivals , saying that he did not think that the two clubs were receiving the same treatment in terms of their match schedules . "  It 's not fair for everyone . One team plays the Champions League on a Tuesday and La Liga on Sunday , and another play on a Wednesday and Saturday , " he said . "  Real Madrid is not being given the same chances to compete . I am not stupid . We all know that the moment the lead increases the championship is lost . " Nevertheless , Mourinho said his side would not be taking anything for granted against 18th-placed Hercules , and hoped for a positive result before the home clash with Lyon -- who knocked Real out at the same stage last season before reaching the semifinals . "  Whoever 's season is at stake is n't worried . It 's not an easy match for us . Their players have a lot of personality and they will expect to earn a positive result , " the Portuguese coach said "  We want to remain perfect at the Bernabeu . A solid match will boost our confidence before playing against Lyon . "	Jose Mourinho says Cristiano Ronaldo will probably play in Champions League tie Portugal striker is not in squad for La Liga game against Hercules on Saturday Ronaldo picked up a thigh injury a week ago but should be fit for Lyon match Mourinho claims Barcelona get preference over Real in fixture scheduling
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North and South Korea will hold a "  high-level meeting " Wednesday ahead of planned family reunions of people from the two countries , Seoul said Tuesday . "  No agenda was set prior to this meeting , " Kim Eui-do , a spokesman for the South Korean Unification Ministry said . "  But we expect that there will be comprehensive dialogue on the smooth operation of these family reunions , holding the family reunions on a regular basis and other important areas of interest . " The talks will start Wednesday morning at the Panmunjom Peace House , which is on the South 's side of the heavily militarized border , Kim said . Pyongyang said last week it may back out of the reunions of the families -- who were separated by the Korean War in the 1950s -- if South Korean forces participate in annual joint military exercises with the United States later this month . The reunions of about 200 people -- 100 from each country -- are scheduled to take place between February 20 and 25 at a resort on the North 's side of the heavily militarized border . The annual military drills , which are due to start on February 24 , anger the North Korean regime , which says it views them as a prelude to an invasion . Last year , Pyongyang 's threatening rhetoric reached alarming levels during the exercises , heightening tensions in the region . South Korea and the United States have rejected the North 's calls for this year 's joint drills to be called off . In September , North Korea canceled a previous round of family reunions with only a few days notice , accusing Seoul of souring ties between the two countries . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	The talks will take place on the South Korean side of the border There is no agenda for the meeting , but planned family reunions are likely to be discussed North Korea has warned it may back out of the reunions , scheduled for later this month It has urged South Korea not to participate in annual military drills with the United States
Australian airline Qantas grounded all its aircraft Saturday in response to a labor dispute , in a step that will disrupt travel for thousands of people . Flights in the air will complete those journeys , the airline said in a statement , but there will be no further domestic or international departures worldwide . The industrial action involves three unions representing air and ground staff . Qantas , the flag carrier for Australia and its largest domestic and international airline , said that all employees involved in the strike would be locked out from Monday evening . "  Pilots , licensed engineers and baggage , ground and catering staff are essential to Qantas operations and the lock-out will therefore make it necessary for all Qantas aircraft to be grounded , " the airline said . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard told reporters the dispute had "  escalated in a dramatic way " during the day . As a result , the government had asked Fair Work Australia -- an independent national workplace relations tribunal -- to terminate the industrial action and resolve the dispute itself , she said . A hearing is taking place Saturday night . "  My message to Qantas , the employees and trade unions is : Australians do want to see this dispute sorted out . Qantas is an iconic Australian brand , it is the employer of thousands of Australians , thousands of people rely on it for their livelihoods and we do need this dispute to be brought to an end , " she said . The move comes at an embarrassing moment for Australia , which is hosting dozens of heads of government and their staff for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Perth . Gillard said government workers would help those whose flights home were booked with Qantas to make alternative plans . Speaking at a news conference in Sydney , Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce said it was a hard decision to ground the fleet but that the airline had been left with no alternative in the face of the unions ' "  extreme claim . " Staff involved in the industrial action will be locked-out for as long as it takes , he said , and the unions "  will have to decide how badly they want to damage Qantas . " Grounding its fleet will have a daily financial impact of about 20 million Australian dollars  $ 21.4 million  , Qantas said . Customers booked on Qantas flights should not go to the airport until further notice , the airline said . It will offer travelers full refunds or the chance to rebook . Flights with subsidiaries Jetstar and QantasLink , as well as Qantas flights across the Tasman Sea operated by Jetconnect and freight services , are not affected by the grounding , it said . The unions involved in the dispute reacted angrily to Joyce 's statement . Richard Woodward , vice president of the Australian and International Pilots ' Union  AIPA  , branded it "  a maniacal overreaction . " The decision to ground the Qantas fleet , stranding thousands of passengers around the world , was unnecessary and grossly irresponsible , he said in a statement , adding : "  Alan Joyce is holding a knife to the nation 's throat . " Speaking to CNN , he accused Qantas management of "  complete brinkmanship " and said the company 's action -- only announced Saturday -- had been planned for months . The Transport Workers Union of Australia said in on online statement : "  Today 's unwarranted and disgraceful snap announcement by Qantas CEO Alan Joyce is designed to destroy Qantas as we have always known it . " The union accused Qantas management of "  untruths and subterfuge " in its dealings with staff , in a statement earlier this week . The airline plans to outsource ground jobs , the union says , at a cost of thousands of Australian jobs . The Australian Licensed Aircraft Engineers union  ALAEA  accused Qantas of lying to the media and putting profits first , in a statement on its website earlier this month . It said the union 's industrial action was aimed at ensuring Qantas "  will have less money to set up the overseas operations that will cannibalise Qantas routes and our job security . " Qantas says the weeks-long dispute with staff has already affected more than 70,000 passengers and cost it about 15 million Australian dollars  $ 16 million  a week in lost revenue . London 's Heathrow airport said only a handful of long-haul Qantas flights had been scheduled to fly Saturday and Sunday , and it had been able to contact passengers to rebook their travel . Qantas , which has its headquarters in Sydney , is the second oldest airline in the world , having marked the 90th anniversary of its foundation last year . It employs about 32,500 people and flies to more than 180 destinations worldwide , according to the company website . For the financial year ending June 2010 , it made a post-tax profit of 116 million Australian dollars .	PM Gillard : "  We need this dispute to be brought to an end " Australian pilots ' union says Qantas 's move is "  a maniacal overreaction " Qantas boss says the unions ' "  extreme claim " left the airline no choice Travelers booked on Qantas flights are advised not to go to the airport
Not long ago , the threat of terrorist attacks against the United States boiled down to two words : al Qaeda . But this week 's U.S. airstrikes against al Qaeda offshoots show the President is playing whack-a-mole against a new generation of terrorists . The attacks Tuesday inside Syria came in three waves and targeted ISIS , the Khorasan Group and , apparently , al-Nusra Front . The groups share a similar ideology . But there are key differences . Here 's how each stacks up : ISIS What its name means : The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Some world leaders use the acronym ISIL , or the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . But the group now calls itself just the Islamic State , believing it has already established a caliphate across Sunni parts of Syria and Iraq . How it started : Back in 2004 , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi launched al Qaeda in Iraq . He later tried to ignite a sectarian war against Iraq 's Shiite majority . The new al Qaeda group was rebranded in 2006 as the Islamic State in Iraq . It would add "  and Syria " to its name later . The group exploited a growing perception among many Sunnis that they were being persecuted by Iraq 's Shia-dominated government , starved of resources and excluded from a share of power . What its goal is : ISIS has been trying to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and in Syria . But it does n't stop there , one former ISIS militant told CNN . "  The main and principal goal of the Islamic State that they tell their new members is to establish an Islamic state that will encompass the Arab world , " the ex-ISIS fighter said . "  And after that , we go to other countries . " The group also claims its leader has authority over 1.5 billion Muslims around the world . Who leads it : Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi took the reins of ISIS in 2010 at age 39 after the previous leader , Abu Omar al-Baghdadi , was killed in a joint U.S.-Iraqi operation . Prior to taking over ISIS , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was part of al Qaeda in Iraq . He served four years in a U.S. prison camp for insurgents , at Bucca in southern Iraq , where he likely developed a network of contacts and honed his ideology . He was released in 2009 and went to work . Why the U.S. is targeting it : ISIS has been pretty vocal about wanting to attack Americans and other Westerners -- even though U.S. officials say ISIS fighters are n't a direct threat to the U.S. homeland right now . "  At this point , we have no information that ISIL is plotting an attack inside the United States , " Matthew Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , testified to Congress last week . The dangers , officials say , are to U.S. personnel and infrastructure in Iraq . There 's also a risk of militants with U.S. or other Western passports potentially returning home and staging attacks . A senior ISIS leader recently called for lone-wolf attacks in the United States and France -- two countries that have been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq . "  The best thing you can do is to strive to your best and kill any disbeliever , whether he be French , American or from any of their allies , " the ISIS official said . "  Rig the roads with explosives for them . Attack their bases . Raid their homes . Cut off their heads . Do not let them feel secure . Hunt them wherever they may be . " Inside the mind of an ISIS fighter AL-NUSRA FRONT What its name means : "  Al-Nusra Front " is translated from "  Jabhat al-Nusra , " which means "  Victory Front . " How it started : Al-Nusra was formed during the ongoing three-year Syrian civil war . It has emerged as one of the most effective groups fighting the Syrian regime , drawing on foreign fighters with combat experience in Iraq and elsewhere . "  A number of separate rebel groups have emerged and preparations are being made for a post-Assad Syria as these groups vie for dominance and international support , " the Quilliam Foundation said . What its goal is : Unlike most Syrian rebels , which are seeking political change , al-Nusra Front is fighting for ideological reasons . Like ISIS , al-Nusra Front is trying to establish an Islamic state -- though primarily in Syria . It 's been a formidable force against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . But even though it has helped the Syrian opposition by taking out regime fighters , it has also hurt the moderate opposition by making world leaders hesitant to help rebels . The group has claimed hundreds of attacks in several cities , including suicide bombings , and is responsible for the deaths of "  numerous innocent Syrians , " the U.S. State Department said . Who leads it : Al-Nusra posted a statement saying its leader , Abu Yousef al-Turki , was killed in the U.S.-led airstrikes Tuesday in Syria . The statement was accompanied by a so-called proof of death -- a photograph -- of the former fighter . CNN can not independently verify al-Nusra 's claims , but the monitoring group the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported the terror group was among those targeted during the airstrikes . Why the U.S. is targeting it : The United States has not identified al-Nusra as a group targeted in its strikes in Syria . But it is a rebel group that the U.S. has blacklisted as a foreign terror organization linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . Al-Nusra "  has sought to portray itself as part of the legitimate Syrian opposition while it is , in fact , an attempt by AQI to hijack the struggles of the Syrian people for its own malign purposes , " the State Department said . THE KHORASAN GROUP What its name means : Calling the group "  Khorasan " does n't actually make sense in Arabic or any other language , according to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Khorasan is not an organizational name or even some exotic acronym , but an ancient Islamic historical term from the far east of the Muslim world , " the think tank said . "  It is used today by al-Qaeda  and others who are fond of archaic Islamic terminology  to describe the Afghanistan-Pakistan-Iran region . " How it started : The new al Qaeda franchise is a collection of al Qaeda members who have moved into Syria . U.S. President Barack Obama called the Khorasan Group "  seasoned al Qaeda operatives . " Khorasan 's existence was publicly acknowledged only last week , when U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said it was operating in Iraq and Syria with a focus on exporting terror to the West . What its goal is : The Khorasan Group 's mission is to find new ways to attack the United States and Europe . For al Qaeda , which is struggling against ISIS for the crown of leading global jihad , the creation of Khorasan makes perfect sense . Sources say the Khorasan Group is trying to emulate the success of ISIS in using social media to recruit Westerners -- people who could be trained and then sent home to launch terror attacks . Who leads it : A short and slight 33-year-old named Muhsin al Fadhli , according to intelligence sources in the United States and the Middle East . He arrived in Syria in April 2013 and began working with al-Nusra Front . At some point , he parted ways with al-Nusra . Why the U.S. is targeting it : The Khorasan Group was actively plotting against a U.S. homeland target and Western targets , a senior U.S. official told CNN on Tuesday . The intelligence community discovered the plots against the United States in the past week , an intelligence source told CNN . The source did not say what the Khorasan Group 's target may have been , but said the plot may have involved a bomb made of clothes dipped in explosive material . The U.S. blitz on Khorasan Group targets this week came a surprise to many . The United States wanted to catch the group off guard by mixing strikes against it with strikes against ISIS targets .	ISIS , al-Nusra Front and the Khorasan Group all spawned from al Qaeda The U.S. launched airstrikes against ISIS and the Khorasan Group this week Al-Nusra says its leader was killed in the strikes ; the U.S. has not confirmed
The Obama administration fiddled while Benghazi burned and four Americans died . Late last week , Jennifer Griffin of Fox News reported that CIA operators caught in the attack in Benghazi requested military backup but were denied by higher headquarters . If true , this would exhibit fatal inaction and negligence on the part of the administration or the military 's chain of command , or worse , some sort of cover-up . On Friday , President Obama was asked directly by Denver 's KUSA-TV 's Kyle Clarke whether our forces were denied backup during the attack . The president dodged the first question . Clark followed up , "  Were they denied requests for help during the attack ? " "  Well , we are finding out exactly what happened , " the president responded . "  I can tell you , as I 've said over the last couple of months since this happened , the minute I found out what was happening , I gave three very clear directives . Number one , make sure that we are securing our personnel and doing whatever we need to . " This is different from what the president said in his Rose Garden speech on September 12 , when he mentioned nothing about securing personnel the evening of the attack , or what he said to "  The View " or Univision in the weeks after the attack . We now know that President Obama met with Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Vice President Joe Biden in the Oval Office at 5 p.m. ET on the night of the attack . We also know that the first e-mail announcing the attack came in at 4:05 pm ET , about a half hour after the attack started , and that there was a drone overhead monitoring the attack and diplomatic security official Charlene Lamb was monitoring the audio feed of the attack in real time in Washington . That night , the Commander 's In-extremis Force , a special rescue team of commandos , was moved from Europe to Sigonella , Italy , about a two-hour flight from Benghazi . Also that evening , a "  FAST team "  Fleet Anti-terrorism Security Team  of Marines in Rota , Spain , was deployed to protect the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli . The Pentagon was aware of the attack and put forces into motion . All information seems to indicate President Obama or the highest-ranking officials in the White House and Pentagon knew of the attack the same evening it occurred . Which begs the all-important question : Why was no additional military aid sent to secure our personnel , like the president claimed he directed ? Shortly after the fighting started in Benghazi , the embassy in Tripoli  400 miles away  sent its own separate aid , dispatching an aircraft carrying 22 men . They did n't arrive in Benghazi until hours into the battle and were not nearly as qualified or as equipped as the Special Forces standing by in Europe . The battle raged for seven hours , resulting in the death of four Americans , including Ambassador Chris Stevens . It finally ended at dawn the next day when Libyan militia forces showed up to aid the Americans . Asked to explain the inaction on the part of the Pentagon , Panetta said , "  The basic principle is you do n't deploy forces into harm 's way without knowing what 's going on , without having some real-time information about what 's taking place . " Contrary to Panetta 's claim , we know with certainty that there was real-time information coming into Washington and the Pentagon during the attack . We are therefore left with two conflicting explanation 's for the administration 's inaction -- either the president 's directive to secure our personnel was n't heeded , or he did n't exactly give such a directive . After all , as former Marine captain and former assistant secretary of defense , Bing West , has so well chronicled , directives of such serious importance would be recorded and sent throughout the chain of command . The administration insists that aid was not declined . "  Neither the president nor anyone in the White House denied any requests for assistance in Benghazi , " National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor told Yahoo News this past Saturday . We will wait and see what unravels in the coming days , but regardless , the public deserves to know why , with real-time intelligence of the attack , Panetta and defense officials did not immediately send military aid to secure our personnel . It 's been more than a month since the Benghazi attacks and many of the crucial details are still unknown . Some of the mainstream media have been reticent to cover in-depth the story in Benghazi . Since the second presidential debate , Mitt Romney has been noticeably silent on Libya ; he should n't be . Without the Republican House investigating it , one wonders whether Benghazi would be a story at all . The death of four Americans at the hands of terrorists deserves serious and sustained attention . Sunlight is the best disinfectant . The administration 's first explanation , a spontaneous mob reaction to a YouTube video , has already been shattered . Now we are left putting together the real story piece by piece . Either there was serious malfeasance on the part of this administration or a knowing cover up with shifting stories and blame . Either way , the American people deserve to know the full story of the disaster in Benghazi .	William Bennett : President Obama needs to come clean about the Benghazi disaster Bennett : It appears that high-ranking officials knew about the attack the night it happened He asks whether the president tried to secure American personnel Bennett : The death of four Americans at the hands of terrorists deserves serious scrutiny
CNN  -- Beleaguered by felony child abuse charges over the spanking of his toddler son , NFL star Adrian Peterson may now be facing anguish from a past tragedy . The man charged with second-degree murder in the death last year of another one of Peterson 's children is now free on bail . Joseph Robert Patterson , who allegedly mortally assaulted the 2-year-old son of the Minnesota Vikings running back in South Dakota , posted a $ 2 million bond on Friday , said Minnehaha County Sheriff Mike Milstead . The victim lived with his mother , who was Patterson 's girlfriend . The man is also accused of recklessly causing "  serious bodily injury to the child , " according to the indictment . And he faces charges of first-degree manslaughter , aggravated battery of an infant and abuse or cruelty to a minor . Patterson has said that the child 's death was an accident , that he choked to death on food . Authorities in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , found the child unresponsive back then , and later determined he 'd suffered injuries to his head consistent with abuse . Soon after that son 's death , Viking Peterson returned to the field , telling a sports reporter that it was God 's will that he should resume playing . Current abuse scandal Texas authorities have accused Peterson of injury to a child over the spanking of the other son . The crime is punishable by up to two years in a state jail and a $ 1,000 fine . Photos obtained by TMZ allegedly show Peterson 's son 's leg covered in marks that could have come from a switch , or thin tree branch . Some of the marks in the photo appeared to have broken the skin . Authorities have n't divulged the details of what led to the charge . But Peterson 's lawyer said the "  charged conduct involves using a switch to spank his son , " explaining that his client did so while doling out discipline much like what "  he experienced as a child growing up in east Texas . " The NFL has sidelined Peterson , who is on leave with pay , while he handles the legal challenge . Peterson has defended himself , saying he is "  not a perfect parent , but I am , without a doubt , not a child abuser . " Star athlete Through the troubles in his personal life , Peterson has shined on the field . In his first pro season in 2007 , he set the NFL record for yards rushed in a single game -- 296 , against San Diego , according to the Vikings ' website . In 2008 , he led the league in rushing yards and came in second in 2012 . That year , he became the third Viking to receive the NFL 's Most Valuable Player Award . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	Joseph Robert Patterson allegedly mortally assaulted the 2-year-old boy The victim lived with his mother , who was Patterson 's girlfriend Patterson posted a $ 2 million bond in South Dakota , authorities say NFL star Peterson faces charges of injury to a child in the spanking of another son
CNN  -- HP and Google have rolled out an intriguing Chromebook today -- the 11-inch HP Chromebook 11 . Chromebooks , as you may recall , run Google 's web-centric Chrome Operating System consisting mainly of a web browser and promising simplicity and security . If you spend all your time in a web browser and do n't want to spend much on a typical computer , a Chromebook would be worth a closer look . I 've used several of them , I own one for quick tasks , my mom has one , Jared has one , Harry 's mom has one . You get the idea . They make for good secondary machines or as main machines for basic web browsing . There 's been a tradeoff between price -- Chromebooks start at around $ 200 -- and specs , but HP 's latest offering sets it apart from earlier Chromebooks in a few ways . For starters , while many other cheap Chromebooks feature so-so screens , HP 's model sports a nice-ish IPS  in-plane switching  screen for better viewing angles and more vivid color reproduction . Second , the Chromebook can be charged with a micro-USB cable -- the same kind used for most non-Apple smartphones . If you 've a got an Android phone , for instance , you could get away with packing a single charger before you leave the house . And finally , there will be a model available later this year with a built-in 4G/LTE cellular connection . With the exception of the $ 1,300-and-up Chromebook Pixel , previous Chromebooks have only had a cellular option that used aging 3G networks . Design-wise , the HP Chromebook 11 sports similar internal specs to an earlier $ 250 Samsung model ; both feature a mobile processor more commonly found in smartphones and tablets than portable computers . The idea is to offer better battery life , but there 's an associated performance tradeoff . The machine has a 16-gigabyte solid state drive , two gigabytes of memory and HP claims battery life will last up to six hours . Weight is 2.3 pounds . HP 's Chromebook is available now in a Wi-Fi-only version for $ 279 . The 4G/LTE model will be available later this year . That 's the one I 'm most interested in for use a mobile reporting computer . Hopefully the price is right and the cellular data plan options are n't too outrageous . & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	The HP Chromebook 11 , made with Google , costs $ 279 The laptop can be charged with a regular USB cable There will be a model available with 4G connection
Akron , Ohio  CNN  -- The Akron warehouse is bustling with activity : Forklifts buzzing across the floor . Boxes stacked neatly by the loading area . Vans lined side by side to take deliveries . CEO Daniel Flowers shows it all off with a clear sense of pride and accomplishment . He just wishes he was n't so busy . Yes , a CEO who wishes supply outpaced demand . "  We have had a steady increase in the number of people who seek emergency food assistance , " Flowers tells a visitor . It is impossible not to be impressed by the operation . Flowers is president and CEO of the Akron-Canton Regional Food Bank , which now operates out of what once was a beer distributorship . It is also impossible not to be numbed by the numbers : More than 2 million people in Ohio -- 18 % of the state population -- face what the government terms food insecurity . That means they go hungry or are not able to maintain normal and consistent eating patterns because they cant afford it . Poll : Obama leads in Ohio , swing states , tops 50 % The Akron-Canton facility serves eight counties and reaches about 180,000 people . Strikingly , about 45 % of those who get help do n't qualify for government assistance because they work and do n't meet government income guidelines , but they still do n't make enough money to make ends meet . Akron is in Ohio 's Summit County , a blue-collar battleground within perhaps the 2012 campaign 's defining battleground state . The experience of the food bank -- and the charities it helps -- mirror the campaign economic debate : Are things better off than they were when President Barack Obama took office in 2009 ? Flowers said demand at the food bank is higher than ever , which could be seen as evidence that things have not gotten better in this swing state . But , one could look at it this way : back in 2008 and 2009 , demand grew 25 % from year to year . This year it is up 3 % from last year . "  It is almost a sad fact that that feels like a win -- that it is not so bad , " Flowers told CNN during a visit on Tuesday -- just 98 days , or 14 weeks , until the November election . Obama is returning to the area Wednesday -- his ninth campaign visit to Ohio this year -- and his team can make a statistical case that the state is in better shape . In Summit County , for example , the unemployment rate is 7 % -- down from 9.3 % when the president took office . Republicans argue GOP Gov. John Kasich deserves credit more than the Democratic president , but their bigger push is to make the case the recovery would be stronger if not for an administration they say stifles job creation with regulation and new mandates like the Obama health care law . "  The president 's not only demonstrated that he tends toward more of a government-oriented solution toward the economy , but Gov. Romney has proven firsthand he knows how to create jobs , " state Sen. Frank LaRose told CNN during a visit to a Mitt Romney campaign Summit County office in Stow , where a dozen GOP volunteers were making voter calls . The strategy of the swing states Ohio is a fascinating county-by-county chess game . Republicans do n't expect to carry Summit County , for example , but Romney wo n't have a prayer statewide unless he improves on Sen. John McCain 's weak 41 % performance here in 2008 . With so much TV ad money being spent here , LaRose argues there will be a "  saturation point , " and that Ohio in the end will be decided on the strength of grassroots organizing . "  In ' 08 , that enthusiasm was n't there as much as it could have been , " LaRose said . "  I get calls all the time from people that say , ` What can I do to help Romney win ? ' " And what does he say to those turned off by the already nasty campaign ? "  I tell them that 's like saying , ' I do n't get involved in the weather . ' It 's going to effect you . " The president 's recent "  you did n't build it " remark that the Romney campaign characterizes as an insult to entrepreneurs and small businesses plays heavily in the GOP strategy now . Pawlenty : ` Obama is all foam and no beer ' Ohio is full of small towns and medium-sized cities -- like Akron and Dayton -- where Romney and his surrogates make the case that remark , and the Obama record , prove the president sees government as a stronger force than the private sector . Most Republicans here push for Ohio GOP Sen. Rob Portman to share the ticket with Romney . But former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty had an Ohio audition of sorts while the candidate was overseas this week . At the Dublin Pub in Dayton , Pawlenty drew laughter when he asked patrons how they would feel if the owner promised a cold beer then served them a glass of foam , and then added : "  President Obama is all foam and no beer . " Turning more serious , he said government was choking business expansion with regulation while also running up huge deficits . "  The hour is later than people realize , " Pawlenty said . Dayton is another critical piece of the puzzle -- and another area Team Obama can cite some progress . Unemployment was 11.1 % in the county in February 2009 ; it is 8.1 % now . County by county analysis Again , Montgomery County -- home of Dayton -- is a key test of Romney 's Ohio viability . President George W. Bush essentially split the vote with Democratic challenger John Kerry here in 2004 - the Democrat had a slight 51 % to 49 % edge . Obama , on the other hand , beat McCain 53 % to 46 % here -- one of the many swing counties key to the big Democratic 2008 Ohio edge . Hamilton County -- the Cincinnati area -- was the surprise piece of Obama 's 2008 Ohio rout . Look at a 2008 map and it is shaded blue -- carried by Obama . Look at the close 2000 and 2004 races , when Ohio was carried both times by Bush , and Hamilton County is shaded red for Republican . "  I think Hamilton County is the key to winning Ohio , and winning Ohio is the key to the president 's re-election , " the county Democratic chairman Tim Burke said in an interview at his Cincinnati law office . African-American turnout was critical to Obama 's Hamilton County win four years ago , and Burke says the campaign and state party are increasing field staff and other resources to prove wrong those who believe that turnout among that voting bloc will slip some this year . He also predicted Kasich 's clashes with organized labor will benefit the president in November . "  Some of the more conservative unions -- like the police and fire unions -- which have trended toward the Republicans , they 're back in the Democratic camp , and they 're going to be there in the fall , " Burke said . Jobs rate , auto industry improving In Burke 's view , recent improvement in Ohio 's jobless numbers will make it harder for Romney and the GOP to win the "  Are you better off ? " debate in this state . "  Just take the auto industry and how that has seen a resurgence in the state of Ohio , " Burke said . "  We 've got three quarters of a million jobs that are auto related here in Ohio , and we are seeing the benefits of that for President Obama . " Some , though , have a different test than the unemployment rate . George Camilletti is at the Akron food bank four or five days a week for five years now , packing his wife 's minivan with supplies for the Good Neighbors charity . Five years watching the changing face of hunger and struggle -- watching economic anxiety spread to folks who had never experienced chronic unemployment or hunger . "  I think it is worse than three years ago , " Camilletti says . "  It is migrating . ... I 'd say we are going into the middle of the middle class now . We are reaching up to the suburban people . To people who used to have a nice home , a nice car . ... It is worse than it was three years ago . " Better or worse : The defining question in what could well be the defining battleground .	Economy is improving , but many still not better off in Ohio President Obama makes his ninth trip to Ohio this year Race for White House will be fought on the county level
Daytona Beach , Florida  CNN  -- For a sport where speed is king , NASCAR 's Daytona 500 this year was one long waiting game . First , rain led race officials to pull the plug Sunday -- the first time in Daytona 500 's history . Then , continuing showers led them to re-reschedule the start from noon to Monday evening . When the race finally got underway , a massive fire with 40 laps to go red-flagged it for a couple more hours , pushing the race into a third day . In the end , Matt Kenseth crossed the finish line about 1 a.m. Tuesday , claiming the 54th running of "  The Great American Race . " The Daytona 500 victory was the second for the driver , who edged out Dale Earnhardt Jr. and teammate Greg Biffle to take the checkered flag . Those who made it to the end survived multiple accidents , including one on the second lap , and 10 caution flags . Officials shut down the race for nearly two hours after Juan Pablo Montoya careened into the back of a jet dryer that was being used to blow debris off the track during a caution flag . Montoya 's car , the jet dryer and the truck pulling it all burst into flames and also set a section of the track on fire . Montoya said he had returned to the race track from pit row before the accident , after having the crew check out a vibration he was feeling in his car . "  I was in fourth gear . I was n't even going that fast , " Montoya told reporters . "  It just felt really strange and ... the car just turned right . " Some 24 hours of intermittent rain forced Monday 's prime-time start -- the first since the inaugural race in 1959 . Before this year , rain had cut short four of 53 previous races -- in 1965 , 1966 , 2003 and 2009 -- but none had been canceled for the day . The Daytona 500 opens the NASCAR season , but it also is the sport 's most prestigious race . Daytona International Speedway announced this month that the race will boast a record purse of more than $ 19 million . In comparison , last year 's Indianapolis 500 had a payout of $ 13.5 million . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Dan Moriarty contributed to this report .	A massive fire delays the race for two hours Matt Kenseth claims the checkered flag The race was pushed back twice due to rain Four of the previous 53 races have been shortened
Steve Jobs . Bill Gates . Mark Zuckerberg . And now ... Ryan Seacrest ? The "  American Idol " host , radio personality and seemingly ubiquitous showbiz presence has co-founded a tech startup that seeks to make it easier for people to type on their iPhones . Seacrest also is helping bankroll the company , Typo Keyboards , which makes an iPhone case that includes a BlackBerry style keyboard . The Bluetooth-enabled accessory , for the iPhone 5 and 5S , was apparently the result of a dinner shared by Seacrest and co-founder Laurence Hallier , a real estate developer and serial entrepreneur who , like his partner , does n't like typing on a touchscreen . "  One night , we were out to dinner and both had our phones on the table . Two people , four phones ! " reads a blurb on the Typo website . We looked at each other and thought there was an easy solution to the problem . " They said they both looked for iPhone keyboards and , when they were n't happy with what they found , decided to make their own . The case , which sells for $ 99 , is available for pre-order and is scheduled to ship next month . But ... Seacrest ? Really ? It 's his first venture into the tech startups , to be sure . He joins the likes of Justin Timberlake , Ashton Kutcher and MC Hammer  yes , MC Hammer  as an entertainer dipping a toe into the tech world . Reaction online was predictably snarky . "  Surely this must be a typo ... , " one Twitter user wrote .  We see what you did there . Not everyone was down on the idea , though . "  Best news ever . ... The iBerry is coming . The iBerry is coming , " tweeted another . "  This could change everything . "	The Typo iPhone case was dreamed up at a dinner with TV host Ryan Seacrest The case adds a BlackBerry-style keyboard Seacrest joins Justin Timberlake , Ashton Kutcher in the tech startup world
CNN  Forget the cloud , and rework your mental image of those mysterious data centers . Sony has reinvented a tool for storing a mind-numbing amount of data : A cassette tape . But this is n't one of those rattling plastic tapes you used to compile your ultimate summer road-trip jams and , too often , were probably forced to rewind with a pencil . Sony 's record-breaking magnetic tape technology allows it to store 180 terabytes of data on a single cartridge . That 's the same amount of storage as 1,184 iPod Classics , Apple 's roomiest music player , which can hold about 40,000 songs . Using that number , Sony 's new cassette could technically store about 47.3 million songs of its own . That 's enough jams for a really long road trip -- say , driving in Atlanta during a snowstorm . If you 're more of a movie buff , think of it this way . The cartridge , which stores 148GB of data per inch of tape , has room for 3,700 Blu-ray discs full of your favorites . The number obliterates the standing record , set in 2010 when Fuji developed a tape that could hold 35 terabytes of data . Sony , which worked with IBM on the tape , presented the new technology over the weekend at InterMag Europe , a magnetics conference in Dresden , Germany . In very simple terms , the technology involves shrinking the microscopic magnetic particles on tape that store data . On average , the new particles are 7.7 nanometers wide . There are 10 million nanometers in one centimeter . In a news release , Sony said it would like to pursue a commercial use for the new cassette tape technology , as well as continuing to improve it . But if you 're dreaming of someday popping that tape into some sort of digital-age boombox and pushing "  play , " you may be in for a bit of a disappointment . Tape has the potential for massive data storage , but it 's unwieldy to actually use . Recording to , and retrieving data from , tape takes a lot longer than digital storage devices and players we 've become accustomed to in an era of Web streaming . So , it 's a lot more likely that tape will be used to back up huge databases than to save , and play , our music collections . That 's too bad . We liked the idea of needing only one cassette for a cross-country drive .	Sony has made a cassette tape that can store more than 1,100 iPod Classics A single cartridge can hold 185 terabytes of data It may be sold , but likely not for personal media
London  CNN  -- A teenager has been arrested near London in connection with the hacking of Sony , London 's Metropolitan Police said Tuesday . The 19-year-old is suspected of hacking into systems and mounting denial of service attacks against "  a number of international businesses and intelligence agencies , " police said . Naming suspects who have been arrested is illegal in Britain . A police spokesman , who declined to be named in line with custom , said the arrested man 's computers will be examined for activities related to hacks against the UK 's Serious Organized Crime Agency , the CIA and Sony . Sony 's PlayStation Network went down on April 20 after what Sony said was a massive data breach . It had more than 70 million subscribers at the time . It began coming back online in mid-May . The PlayStation Store did not reopen until June 2 . The company estimated the cost of that attack will total $ 171 million . Hackers later broke into Sony Pictures ' website , compromising the accounts of over 1 million users , and the gaming company Sega , stealing nearly 1.3 million users ' details via a British subsidiary of the Japanese company . Sega makes games for PlayStation and other gaming systems . The suspect 's computer will also be examined for links to LulzSec , another police spokesman told CNN , who also declined to be named in line with custom . "  This link has not been established yet as it is still early days , " the spokesman said . The hacker group LulzSec posted an irreverent denial that its leader was the one arrested . "  Seems the glorious leader of LulzSec got arrested , it 's all over now ... wait ... we 're all still here ! Which poor bastard did they take down ? " they said on Twitter several hours after the announcement of the arrest . LulzSec claimed recently to have attacked the CIA website , and took credit for hacking into the website of the American public broadcaster PBS and posting a fake story saying the rapper Tupac Shakur was still alive . He was killed nearly 15 years ago . It 's unclear whether LulzSec members played a role in the Sony PlayStation Network breach . But they have posted on their website what they claim is proprietary information from Sony Pictures and other Sony properties ' websites . On Friday , on the occasion of their 1,000 th tweet , the group posted a manifesto of sorts in which they said people , including their targets and advocates of Internet freedom , should be thankful . "  The main anti-LulzSec argument suggests that ... our actions are causing clowns with pens to write new rules for you , " the group wrote . "  But what if we just had n't released anything ? What if we were silent ? That would mean we would be secretly inside FBI affiliates right now , inside PBS , inside Sony ... watching ... abusing ... . " They seemed to suggest that by making their attacks public , they 'll push websites to increase security . They said they 're sitting on account information for 200,000 players of the online game Brink , but moments later said that releasing people 's information is worth doing sometimes because it 's fun . "  Yes , yes , there 's always the argument that releasing everything in full is just as evil , what with accounts being stolen and abused , but welcome to 2011 , " they wrote . "  This is the lulz lizard era , where we do things just because we find it entertaining . " Analysts said the group appears to be some sort of spin-off of "  Anonymous , " the loose coalition of hackers that grew to prominence through their support of the whistle-blower site WikiLeaks . But while Anonymous has its own set of moral codes and is largely politically motivated , LulzSec seems to be random . For every hack like the one on PBS , which the group said came out of anger over a documentary about WikiLeaks , there 's the cracking of porn site pron.com -- and a subsequent public list of members ' e-mail addresses and passwords . The teen suspect was arrested in Essex , outside London , in a raid that police said was "  intelligence-led . " The suspect was arrested Monday night and police are now examining a "  significant amount of material , " they said . CNN 's Per Nyberg , Carol Jordan and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	NEW : Hacker 's computers to be examined for information related to UK police , CIA and Sony hacks Hacker group LulzSec laughingly denies its leader has been arrested Police are examining "  a significant amount of material " seized with the suspect The suspect is linked to attacks on international businesses and intelligence agencies , police say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nothing says true love like releasing a caged butterfly , do n't you think ? Wayne Rooney and Coleen McLoughlin are to be paid $ 5 million for the picture rights to their wedding . The butterflies are reported to be the piece-de-resistance of England 's most anticipated celebrity wedding of the year . Wayne Rooney , the best English footballer of his generation , and Coleen McLoughlin , his High School sweetheart , were to marry in an estimated $ 10 million ceremony in Italy Thursday . As they kiss , guests are apparently meant to open boxes and release the butterflies . The moment has been pilloried widely in the British media , tacky and over the top they all think , but is it just sour grapes ? It has been a long and , at times , bumpy road for the couple to the altar . One littered with fierce criticism from the British press , which has enjoyed nothing more than lampooning Rooney and McLoughlin for being ` common . ' The Daily Mail once even asked : "  Is this Britain 's ghastliest couple ? " Rooney has been dubbed "  Shrek " and "  Mr Potato Head " due to his looks and his background as the son of a school dinner lady who grew up on a council estate is often referred to in a disparaging way . McLoughlin , meanwhile , has been subjected to page upon page of bitter stories about her weight , shopping sprees and her lack of closeness to Victoria Beckham . There has also been fierce criticism over the fact she has managed to become a millionaire in her own right . It 's all down to Rooney apparently , and nothing to do with her appearing to be quite a decent person , who did well at school and has cleverly managed to parlay some of her fame into various media and advertising projects . Anyone who has seen her television show -- Coleen 's Real Women -- can see she is a decent , bubbly person , who is very good at putting people at ease . Much to the media 's fury , the couple have sold the rights to cover the wedding to OK magazine for a record $ 5 million . However they 're not pocketing all the cash themselves , with an undisclosed sum from the fee to be donated to the Claire House children 's hospice in Cheshire -- where McLoughlin 's disabled foster sister Rosie is cared for . The queen 's grandson , Peter Phillips and his bride Autumn Kelly , recently received $ 1m from Hello magazine to cover their wedding but they did n't receive an eighth of the opprobrium now directed at the more generous , but lower class , Rooney and McLoughlin . Moreover , in lieu of presents , Rooney and McLoughlin have also asked guests to donate money to the Alder Hey children 's hospital in Liverpool . The wedding might be over the top , with a private yacht and luxury jet for guests  they are covering the guests ' costs  , expensive plonk and a $ 200,000 wedding dress , but at least the couple have worked hard for what they have . Their success despite a working-class background appears to be the greatest source of frustration for critics . It 's just not on that someone who was n't born into privilege and did n't go to a posh school can enjoy their wealth . That would be ugly . If anything , the couple 's relationship and success is a triumph over adversity . They have known each other since McLoughlin was 12 , but she spent two years fending off Rooney 's entreaties to go out on a date . He finally got his chance when he saw her struggling to fix a broken bicycle chain . He rode over to help , popped the question again and got a yes . Surely they should be congratulated for creating their own modern fairytale complete with butterflies ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	English football star Wayne Rooney and sweetheart marry in lavish ceremony Glen Scanlon says media have launched bitter attacks on the couple Working-class background appears to be critics ' greatest annoyance , he says
Ercis , Turkey  CNN  -- In a dramatic rescue that gave hope to those praying for the survival of their loved ones , rescuers in eastern Turkey pulled a baby , her mother and her grandmother alive from the rubble Tuesday , two days after a devastating earthquake . Dramatic video showed tiny Azra Karaduman being carried by rescuers to a vehicle that would take her to the hospital . They were holding a mask over her mouth to help give her oxygen . Later , rescuers pulled the girl 's mother and paternal grandmother alive from the rubble as well . Officials said the 2-week-old girl 's father remained trapped somewhere under the debris of the multiple-story building . Over several hours , four corpses were pulled from the rubble of the same building , officials said . At least one of them was male . Officials did not say immediately whether one of the bodies was the baby 's father . The official death toll jumped to 459 Tuesday , with another 1,352 people injured , the Turkish Disaster and Emergency Relief Agency said . Teams of rescuers throughout the poor region struck by Sunday 's 7.2-magnitude quake are searching for survivors around the clock . Reaching Azra -- who , according to her maternal grandmother , was born three weeks prematurely -- was particularly difficult , rescuers told CNN . The baby 's mother managed to make contact with rescuers and get the baby to them through a narrow passage , a rescuer said . Officials had to find a rescuer thin enough to fit into the crevice to get Azra . The rescuer told CNN it was the first time he had ever pulled someone alive from earthquake rubble in 12 years of doing such work . While rescuers worked to get to the mother and grandmother , they managed to supply the two women with oxygen , officials said . "  It was hard to rescue them " because of the tight space , said rescue worker Tansu Bayram . "  It was so difficult . " Some 2,262 buildings in the region lie in ruins . The military is assisting rescue workers , who are using heavy machinery , shovels , and their bare hands . Numerous aftershocks -- the largest a magnitude 6.0 -- have rattled the area , which is one of the poorest in Turkey . One on Tuesday measured 5.7 , and was 7 km  4.3 miles  deep . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said 55 buildings collapsed in Ercis on the north shore of Lake Van . The Turkish Red Crescent said about 25 apartment buildings and a student dormitory also collapsed in the town . A health services building also collapsed , along with part of a hospital , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported . The injured were being treated in the hospital 's garden . "  People are really scared , " CNN Turk reporter Nevsin Mengu said from Van on Monday . "  The survivors are now trying to survive the cold weather . " Rescuers and survivors contended with near-freezing temperatures . Some people collected wood from collapsed buildings to burn for warmth , Mengu said . She said many residents are not returning to their houses , opting instead to sleep on rooftops or in the streets . It was not clear whether their homes were uninhabitable or if they were just too frightened . Are you there ? Submit your pictures or video The Red Crescent called for rescue workers , machinery and drinking water . A crisis center was set up by the country 's Health Ministry in the Turkish capital of Ankara . By Monday , more than 2,300 emergency personnel were in the region , Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay said . Tents and rescue teams have come from as far away as Iran and Azerbaijan . Israel 's Ministry of Defense said that on Wednesday , a plane with several portable housing structures will fly to eastern Turkey , the first of a number of flights accommodating a Turkish request for assistance . It will be a civilian plane rented by the Israeli government , the ministry said . "  The United Nations is in contact with the relevant authorities and stands ready to offer any assistance if requested , " Martin Nesirky , spokesman for U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , said Monday . Turkey is "  no stranger to having these seismic events , " but Sunday 's quake is considered major , CNN Meteorologist Reynolds Wolf said . A magnitude-7 .6 earthquake in Izmit , Turkey , killed more than 17,000 people in 1999 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . A magnitude-7 .2 tremor in Duzce the same year killed 894 people , the agency reported . Sunday 's quake struck at 1:41 p.m. local time and was centered about 12 miles from Van , the agency said . CNN 's Talia Kayali and Hande Atay contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll jumps to 459 NEW : Israel says it will send an assistance flight on Wednesday Two-week-old Azra Karaduman , her mother , and her paternal grandmother were rescued 4 corpses are pulled from the rubble of the same building
CNN  -- If the past 25 years are anything to go by , Germany has proven its firm position as the world 's economic powerhouse . Since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , the county thrust forward , developing a world-class car manufacturing industry and a network of small-to-medium size businesses which represent the backbone of the country 's economy . It has weathered tough times too , famously branded the "  sick man of Europe " by The Economist magazine in 2004 . However , today the country ranks as the world 's fourth largest economy , with one of the lowest unemployment rates , and one of the highest literacy rates in the world . Click through the slides of CNN 's infographic above to see Germany by numbers , from average hours worked per year , to the percentage of Internet users in the country . Read more : Germany : 25 years later and no looking back Send us your pictures : CNN iReport wants to know your favorite thing about Berlin	Click though the slides to see Germany by numbers
CNN  -- I have a good friend in New York who turned the upstairs of her house into a bed and breakfast to help make ends meet -- a great idea on paper . My girlfriend was not a morning person . But she is now -- up and making breakfast with a smile -- because she likes the lights staying on more than she dislikes alarm clocks . She also has a consulting company and gives speeches . In other words , she 's a hustler in the new economy . That word used to seem a little unsavory . "  Hustler . " Like the seedy magazine . It was as if there was something a little suspicious about someone who did n't have one source of income from a "  legitimate " job . Of course , poor folks always hustled -- a 9 to 5 complemented with fixing cars on the weekend or doing hair in the kitchen . But a lot of Americans have to hustle now -- as much as 20 % of us are deemed underemployed , or juggling multiple gigs to pay the bills since the recession started in 2007 . Last summer , The New York Times ran a story about the growing trend of people holding down several different jobs and led the piece with a then-26-year-old graduate of the University of Chicago , who had four jobs . "  I do everything , " he said . And he was n't kidding : drawing income from e-commerce work , translating textbooks and developing -- get this -- reality TV . When students from a prestigious school like the University of Chicago are running from job to job , you know there 's no shame in the hustle . Not even for those of us in the so-called "  elite media . " In 2009 , advertising revenue declined for every form of media with the exception of the Internet . A Council of Economic Advisors study just reported the newspaper industry is shrinking faster than any other industry in the United States . Thousands of journalism jobs are gone . Not just lost , but gone -- deemed no longer necessary . That is why journalism landed on the Bureau of Labor Statistics ' top 30 list of projected declining employment , along with farmers and file clerks . This is another wrinkle of our new jobs market reality , one that is the unfortunate byproduct of technology : displaced workers , evaporated professions . The more our production becomes more efficient thanks to technology , the more we 'll see the fat being cut . And by fat , I mean jobs . Like bookstore owners , CD-store clerks and postal workers . Oh , there will always be careers . There will always be work . But maybe not in the way we talk about it today . The jobs with benefits and pensions and retirement plans . The ones that come with a guaranteed 40 hours and the promise of covering all of our expenses from that one source . A recent Rutgers University study found the median salary for recent college graduates is $ 27,000 , down $ 3,000 from 2007 . And that 's before taxes and student loan payments . They 're not technically underemployed , but you 've got to wonder how someone living in a major urban city survives making $ 27,000 . You know , besides moving back in with their parents or having 25 roommates ? They get a side gig going . The job numbers are encouraging . But there is a fascinating dynamic reshaping our thinking about what we do for a living . Some of us will always go into professions , but others are learning to become professionals : nimble , multiskilled job creators for ourselves . We have to . We 're a country trying to pull itself out of a job crisis while the most viable , the most exciting industry , technology , is indirectly eliminating jobs . I often look out of my airplane window when landing at an airport and see the people manually directing traffic . I wonder how much longer those kind of jobs are going to be around . Video stores are giving way to downloads , toll booth clerks replaced by automated machines . The self-checkout option at the grocery store is faster , but it also means fewer cashiers , fewer jobs . It 's almost like some weird form of economic cannibalism . Many of the journalists who were laid off found other means of making money , like freelancing , grant writing , public relations . Maybe all three . There is something to be said about the kind of jobs we are gaining . People once were afraid to start their own businesses because they did n't want to lose the security of a paycheck or the health insurance that typically came with a good job . Now layoffs and buyouts are forcing many of us to be reluctant entrepreneurs . Such is the new reality . And it 's doubtful the recovery and more jobs will change that because technology will continue to eat away at jobs and starting incomes wo n't cover all of our living expenses . One of the reasons why so many companies are registering record profits , but temp jobs have grown for the eighth straight month , is that it 's cheaper to hire three people at 20 hours a week than one at 60 , plus overtime and benefits . It 's just capitalism doing what it 's designed to do : be as profitable as possible . We simply must adjust . And that , my friends , is the hustle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Hustling no longer a dirty word : It means holding down a couple jobs LZ : 20 % of us are underemployed , so holding down part-time , temp jobs a way of life Job numbers up , but technology is going to continue to make jobs obsolete , he writes LZ : The bright side is that layoffs and buyouts mean many are becoming entrepreneurs
CNN  -- Samir Nasri scored two superb goals to give Arsenal a 2-1 win in a London derby against Fulham to go top of the English Premier League on Saturday . Previous leaders Manchester United had to sit out the action as their game at promoted Blackpool fell victim to the cold snap in England leaving Arsenal and Chelsea the chance to lead the standings . Chelsea looked set to be the beneficiary as Didier Drogba 's penalty put them ahead at Stamford Bridge against Everton . But in the second half the visitors hit back through a late Jermaine Beckford goal and were unfortunate not to seal three points as Chelsea 's poor recent league form continued . Carlo Ancelotti 's men have won only once in six games and have seen United and Arsenal leapfrog them in the standings . Arsenal have 32 points from 16 games , one clear of United , who have played a game less , and two ahead of faltering Chelsea . Manchester City are also taking closer order in the title race with a 1-0 home win over Bolton giving them 29 points from 16 games . Carlos Tevez gave them a fourth minute lead at Eastlands but they had Aleksandar Kolarov sent off in the second half and had to battle hard for the three points . Tottenham Hotspur are in fifth , six points adrift of their north London rivals Arsenal after drawing 1-1 at Birmingham . Sebastien Bassong gave them a 19th minute lead but Craig Gardner equalized nine minutes from time to deny Spurs victory . Arsenal were grateful for two inspired moments from French international midfielder Nasri , who fired them ahead at the Emirates after 14 minutes as he fooled two defenders before shooting high into the net , having been played in by Russian star Andrey Arshavin . Fulham drew level on the half-hour mark as Clint Dempsey set up Diomansy Kamara , who curled the ball in from 12 yards . But Nasri put Arsenal ahead again with 15 minutes left as he took advantage of a layoff from Robin van Persie to beat a defender and then visiting goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer with another flash of individual brilliance . Gunners manager Arsene Wenger singled him out after his ninth league goal of the season . "  His goals were outstanding . He showed skill , calm and intelligence and it underlines how important confidence is , " Wenger told BBC Sport . In other games , Blackburn beat Wolves , who are now bottom , 3-0 to bounce back from their 7-1 defeat last weekend to Manchester United . Wigan and Stoke drew 2-2 .	Arsenal beat Fulham 2-1 with Samir Nasir scoring twice to go top of English Premier League Chelsea missed chance to go top as Everton draw 1-1 at Stamford Bridge Manchester City beat Bolton 1-0 to stay in title hunt in fourth Previous leaders Manchester United have game at Blackpool called off
The Senate Finance Committee is launching an investigation to determine whether a charity intended to help disabled veterans deserves its tax-exempt status after doling out millions of dollars to a direct-mail company . Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana , chairman of the committee , announced the investigation into the Disabled Veterans National Foundation on Wednesday . He said the committee will seek to determine whether the foundation , the subject of a two-year CNN investigation , should keep its status as a 501  c  3 charity under Internal Revenue Service guidelines . "  Our veterans should never be used as pawns in a scheme to exploit the taxpayers , " Baucus said in a Wednesday news release announcing the investigation . "  The tax exemption for charities exists to promote worthwhile causes like assistance to veterans , not to provide tax loopholes to abuse . DVNF has a responsibility to show it 's genuinely helping veterans and playing by the rules . " CNN 's investigation into the foundation , part of "  AC360 's " "  Keeping Them Honest " series , played a major role in prompting the committee 's investigation , according to a committee staff member who did not want to be identified . CNN found that the charity 's tax records and other documents showed that little of the nearly $ 56 million raised by the Disabled Veterans National Foundation over the past three years has gone to direct aid to veterans . The group has paid nearly $ 61 million to Quadriga Art and its subsidiaries , one of the world 's largest direct-mail providers to charities and nonprofits , and its subsidiaries over the past three years , according to publicly available IRS 990 tax forms . The Disabled Veterans National Foundation still has a business relationship with Quadriga Art through 2013 , with Quadriga Art saying the foundation has acquired nearly 2 million donors through its direct-mail program . CharityWatch , the nation 's largest charity watchdog group , has given the Disabled Veterans National Foundation an "  F " grade since 2010 because of the miniscule amount the charity actually spent on veterans -- which CharityWatch estimates to be 2 % . In addition to its questionable finances , the Disabled Veterans National Foundation has provided massive amounts of unnecessary items to veterans aid groups , including candy , hand sanitizer and dress shoes -- all surplus items that the charity receives at no cost . In one instance , St. Benedict 's , a small veterans shelter in Birmingham , Alabama , received an unsolicited shipment of goods that included 2,300 emergency blankets that were "  heavily used " after last year 's devastating tornado , according to the shelter 's director . But the charity also sent St. Benedict 's more than 11,000 bags of coconut M&M 's candy and more than 700 pairs of surplus Navy dress shoes , which the shelter 's president said he could not use . The Disabled Veterans National Foundation also claimed in its tax filings more than $ 838,000 in fair market value donations to another charity , although the bill of lading obtained by CNN showed that the donations -- which included chefs ' coats and aprons -- was valued at about $ 234,000 . CNN attempted to get a comment from the Disabled Veterans National Foundation for more than a year but received no replies to specific questions , even after submitting several questions in writing . When approached by a CNN crew at the Veterans of Foreign Wars hall in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , Disabled Veterans National Foundation President Precilla Wilkewitz rebuffed questions . Later , after being approached at a public event , Vice President Valerie Conley responded that "  not all the funds " raised by the Disabled Veterans National Foundation go to fundraising . ' "  The cost of fundraising is high , as you know , " she said . "  And it has been for many veteran service organizations who use this kind of direct paying approach . " On Wednesday , Wilkewitz released a statement saying the foundation "  will happily answer the questions posed by the United States Senate Finance Committee and provide it with information that others have sadly , chosen to ignore . " The Disabled Veterans National Foundation "  has helped tens out thousands of veterans with direct financial aid and supplies that have made a difference in their lives . Media reports about our activities have been plain wrong and we welcome the opportunity to set the record straight , " Wilkewitz said in the statement . Two-thirds of the more than 30 veterans charities rated by CharityWatch were given a "  D " or "  F " grade based on the amount they spend on fundraising compared with actual donations , according to CharityWatch President Daniel Borochoff . A small charity called the National Veterans Foundation , also connected to Quadriga Art , gets an "  F " grade as well . Its officers say they have been trying to cancel a contract with Quadriga Art since August . "  It 's as if you 're looking at these ratios through a funhouse mirror , " Borochoff said of the National Veterans Foundation . "  It really ought to be reversed . It ought to be flipped . They ought to be giving 80 or 90 % to helping veterans , not 12 % . It 's pathetic . "	Senate Finance Committee says it will investigate Disabled Veterans National Foundation Inquiry to examine charity 's tax-exempt status CNN investigation found group paid nearly $ 61 million to direct-mail company In the past three years , it has raised $ 56 million in donations , tax records show
Rome  CNN  -- The cardinals who will elect the new pope following the historic resignation of Benedict XVI are continuing to make their way to Rome , the Vatican said Saturday , with some likely to arrive only Monday or Tuesday . The first of a series of meetings known as general congregations takes place Monday morning -- and a priority for the cardinals attending will be setting a date for the special election , or conclave , held to pick the next pope . The Vatican has said it 's not sure whether a date will be agreed on as soon as Monday . If cardinals are still arriving as the general congregations start , the timetable may be delayed . A look at possible papal contenders The cardinals will also hold important discussions on the future direction of the Roman Catholic Church , which has been beset by scandal in recent years , and the kind of leader they want to see at the helm . All the cardinals attend the general congregations , but only cardinals who are younger than 80 are eligible to vote for the new pope in the conclave . They are expected to number 115 , the Vatican has said . Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said Saturday that 75 cardinals normally live in Rome and another 66 have arrived or are in the process of arriving , making 141 in total . Most of the cardinals who live in Rome are retired and/or over the age of 80 , and therefore are not entitled to vote for the new pope . It 's not clear how many of the cardinals now in Rome are among those who can vote . How is the next pope elected ? The Sistine Chapel , where the cardinal-electors meet for the secretive conclave , is not yet being prepared for the process , Lombardi said . Tourists and pilgrims are continuing to visit the Sistine Chapel -- famed for the ceiling painted by Michelangelo -- at the moment , Lombardi said . Benedict resigned Thursday evening , the first pope to do so in six centuries , and will probably never be seen in public again . Now known as pontiff emeritus , he will spend the next few weeks at the papal summer residence , Castel Gandolfo , before moving to a small monastery within the Vatican grounds . He spent the first day of his retirement reading and praying , following a good night 's sleep , Lombardi said Friday . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Some cardinals will only arrive in Rome on Monday or Tuesday , Vatican says They are gathering for a series of meetings held before the secret election for a new pope The cardinals must set a date for the conclave Benedict XVI resigned Thursday , the first pope to do so in decades
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Ernie Casillas lived the good life as he doled out millions of dollars in loans in California . The former banker drove fancy cars and took extravagant vacations . Ernie Casillas says that being unemployed has grounded him from his high-flying days in the banking sector . But with the banking industry in crisis , his job is gone -- as is his lavish lifestyle . Desperate for work , he recently swallowed his pride and posted a message on Craigslist : "  Unemployed I need a job . " "  It took a lot for me to put that ad on Craigslist , because I had to change what I was before , " he said , breaking down in tears . "  I was n't this rich little yuppie anymore , driving expensive cars , having expensive suits . I 'm in this just like everybody else looking for work . It humbles you . This is real . " Casillas , 46 , is like tens of thousands of out-of-work Americans turning to Craigslist , the online classified ad Web site where people can post information for free . The site says it has 50 million users , most of them in the United States . More than 2 million new jobs are posted each month , according to Craigslist . See a snapshot of facts , attitudes and analysis on the recession " Many have begun posting messages of desperation seeking work . Some post their résumé and phone number ; others swap goods online . iReport : Tell us how you 're getting by Casillas said it was a humbling experience to finally post his message on the site . Once responsible for bringing in $ 400,000 in cash per month for a credit union , he has been out of work for the past four months and now lives with his mother in suburban Los Angeles . He had tried newspaper ads and other online job sites , with no great success . Then one night , he posted a simple message on Craigslist . Watch as jobless search for work , food , clothes on the Internet " "  I have over 20 years of experience in sales , telephone sales in a call center , customer service , administrative assistant , cash handling , teller , and many more skills and abilities . Great personality , very friendly , hard worker , very responsible , " it said . "  I will be happy to e-mail you my resume . I need a job now . Please call my cell phone . " Watch a humbled banker describe "  this is real " " Casillas said he teared up when he first began typing the message -- that his life had come unraveled so hard and so fast . But ultimately , he said , he decided , "  I 'm just going to put it out there . I 'm not going to be embarrassed . I 'm just going to tell the whole world : I 'm unemployed , and I need a job today . And the response was great . " "  My phone kept ringing and ringing and ringing with people interested in my ability to think outside the box , " he said , adding that he now has three good leads on potential jobs . Need a job ? See job fairs in your region " The whole experience has given him a dose of humility . He is a self-described former yuppie going through turbulent times . When he sees homeless people these days , he wants to help them . The son of a Mexican immigrant , Casillas says , he was successful , making about $ 70,000 a year in the banking industry . Adding to his hard times , he and his wife have recently separated . How good were things just a few years ago ? "  I was just living a very good life , " he said . "  My daughter would ask me to take her to Las Vegas for her birthday , and we would stay at the most expensive hotels . Every year , this is what she wanted . " His daughter is now 11 . He takes her to the mall every now and then . They do n't buy anything on the trips , he says . He tells her , maybe next time . He says that living with his 75-year-old mother has helped ground him again . "  She has brought me down to Earth , being very humble . " Across town , in the coastal community of Redondo Beach , Craigslist and the down economy have brought together two strangers . Jill Gardner has been unemployed after being laid off from her job at a refinery in June . She 's now trying to get into the hospitality field , but with her cash running low , she could n't afford new clothes for job interviews . So she posted a message for clothes . "  I just decided to swallow my pride and try it and see what happens , " she said . "  It 's not easy , because I 've never had to ask for things like that before , and it 's hard not to provide for myself . " She said some creepy men called saying they would buy her clothes for "  favors . " However , two women responded with genuine help . One of those was Bonny Sue Robbins , a paralegal who brought Gardner an array of business suits , cocktail dresses and summer clothes . "  I felt that I owed it to another sister to help her on her way . I also was struck by the positiveness of her request . It was n't just ` give me , give me . ' It was ` help me help myself , ' and I thought that was worth rewarding , " Robbins said shortly after handing over the goods . Robbins said that a few years back , she went through a tough divorce . "  I was lucky that there were people there when I needed it , and I feel it 's kind of my chance to pay back . " Both women hugged before parting . "  You 're an angel , " Gardner said . Robbins responded , "  We 'll keep in touch so that I can go out and celebrate when you get your new job . " "  Definitely . And I 'll buy ! " Gardner said . Back at her home , Gardner tried on one of her new business suits . "  I 'm very grateful , " she said . "  I 'm just going to go forward with my plan and get a job . " CNN 's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Former banker says unemployment has humbled him : "  This is real " Ernie Casillas turned to Craigslist , like many others , for possible employment "  I was n't this rich little yuppie anymore . ... I 'm in this just like everybody else " Jill Gardner sought business attire for interviews view the online classified Web site
CNN  -- The Queen of the Blues is dead . Koko Taylor performs in Spain in 2005 . Her last performance was in May of this year . Koko Taylor , a West Tennessee sharecropper 's daughter who went to Chicago , Illinois , with "  35 cents and a box of Ritz Crackers " at 24 and wound up an award-winning blues legend , died Wednesday at her Chicago home at 80 . She died of complications from a May 19 surgery for gastrointestinal bleeding , her Web site reported . Just days before the surgery , Taylor won her 29th Blues Music Award , picking up the trophy for Traditional Female Blues Artist Of the Year . She performed her signature song , "  Wang Dang Doodle , " at the ceremony . Known for her powerful vocals , Taylor was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 1997 , won the Blues Foundation Lifetime Achievement Ward in 1999 and was awarded a National Endowment for the Arts National Heritage Fellowship in 2004 . She also won a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album in 1985 for her album "  Queen of the Blues . " Taylor was born Cora Walton and picked up the nickname "  Koko " because of her love of chocolate as a child . She also displayed a love of singing from an early age . She and her future husband , the late Robert "  Pops " Taylor , traveled to Chicago in 1952 , where Pops Taylor worked for a packing company while Koko Taylor cleaned houses . By night , the two roamed Chicago 's blues clubs , where Koko Taylor sat in with top bands and was soon a popular guest artist . But it took 10 years for Koko Taylor to record on her own , after Willie Dixon got her signed to Chess Records and produced several singles , including "  Wang Dang Doodle . " Taylor landed a permanent home with Alligator Records when Chess was sold in 1975 . Her final performance was the May 7 blues award show , but earlier in the year she performed at the Kennedy Center Honors program honoring actor Morgan Freeman . Throughout her lengthy career , she shared the stage with nearly every blues performer imaginable , from Junior Wells and B.B. King to Taj Mahal and Muddy Waters . She was a strong influence to later performers , including Bonnie Raitt and Janis Joplin . Survivors include Taylor 's husband , Hays Harris , daughter Joyce Threatt , son-in-law Lee Threatt , grandchildren Lee Jr. and Wendy , and three great-grandchildren .	Taylor dies at Chicago home of complications from May 19 surgery Her final performance was a May 7 blues award show She sang her signature song , "  Wang Dang Doodle , " at the ceremony Taylor won Grammy in 1985 for her album "  Queen of the Blues "
A new report suggests adult women are nearly half of all video game players . That 's a number that can be read in the changing tone of some of today 's top games . But it 's also one that some female gamers say is n't really as close to even as it should be . According to the "  2013 Essential Facts About the Computer and Video Game Industry " report , produced by the Entertainment Software Association , 45 % of all game players , and 46 % of the most frequent purchasers of games , are female . Adult women make up 31 % of the game-playing population . "  This new data underscores the remarkable upward trajectory for video games . It is an entertainment form enjoyed by hundreds of millions of consumers worldwide , " said Michael D. Gallagher , president and CEO of ESA , the trade association that represents the U.S. video game industry . "  A diverse and energized consumer base , remarkable new hardware , and outstanding software all combine to foster growth for our industry . " Female gamers are obviously a diverse group . Millions enjoy the shooters , strategy games and other titles favored by "  hardcore " enthusiasts . Millions more have eased into the gaming world via social and smartphone games , or through family interactions . One of the top reasons why people buy video games is an interesting storyline , according to the report . And some women have pointed to a rise in the number of games with complex themes and more scenarios that call for decision-making , not brute force , as a selling point . And it does n't hurt that many of those same titles have begun to include female protagonists , or at least the ability to create your own . ` Lady game creators ' meet up on Twitter "  Today 's game characters are much more customizable than years ago , " said Lauren Eleazer , 26 , from State College , Pennsylvania . "  This is part of overall game development , but every female gamer I 've met appreciates being able to style her character and make it more unique . " Jessica Chobot , a television and Web show host whose work has appeared on gaming site IGN , the G4 network and elsewhere , said the industry has been taking notice of the rise of female gamers , and that the inclusion of female characters in meaningful roles is no accident . "  In a lot of ways , it was the perfect storm for change , " said Chobot , who is also a writer for the Zombie Studios game , "  Daylight . " "  The gaming industry 's awareness of having to appeal to a wider audience -- one that included women -- has been reflected with the addition of stronger female characters . "  The 2013 re-vamped ` Lara Croft , ' ` Mass Effect 's female version of Commander Shepard and ` Uncharted " s Elena Fisher and Chloe Frazer are just a few examples that come to mind . " Other strong female characters , like Elizabeth in "  BioShock Infinite " or Ellie in "  The Last of Us , " show the range developers are willing to put in their games to attract a wider audience and provide a different experience from games in the past . Upcoming games like "  Beyond : Two Souls " and a new "  Mirror 's Edge " appear that they 'll continue to put women in the forefront of gaming action and narrative . But , sometimes , it 's the little things that can help draw more women into the gaming fold . "  Control schemes need to do more to take into account people who did n't grow up with a controller in their hands , " said Colleen Hannon , a senior editor for the website Gamers With Jobs . "  I 'm not saying make the game easier ; I 'm saying give people who need to learn those basic skills a path to learn that does n't belittle or sideline them . " The sustained and growing pop-culture presence of video games also has been a boon for developers looking to add women to their player bases . "  I think this issue is cultural , " said Shannon Gagnon , 28 , from Scranton , Pennsylvania . "  Since being a geek has become something to be proud of , instead of something to hide , more of my female friends are becoming gamers . But they do n't see a lot of games they are interested in , because mostly when you see games advertised it is ` Call of Duty ' or ` World of Warcraft . ' " A majority of gamers play games with their family -- 16 % play with parents , 32 % play with other family members and 16 % play with their spouse or significant other . That widening acceptance of gaming is also helping women feel like they belong . "  I 've noticed the biggest difference in attitude coming from non-gamers , especially other women , who once found my pastime silly , " said Audrey Epple , from Macon , Georgia . "  Now , they seem more accepting . It has become the norm . " But despite those cultural shifts , talk to many female gamers and you 'll hear stories about a darker side of the hobby -- a persistent "  boy 's club " mentality that sometimes manifests itself in ugly ways . Story after story recounts female gamers who , once they ventured into gaming circles beyond family and friends , faced mockery , dismissive attitudes and even abuse from their peers . In one recent story making the rounds in online gaming circles , a girl went into a certain game 's online community , asking about its mechanics . The first response she got was from a male player , telling her he 'd answer if she performed a sex act on him . Harassment of women in online gaming forums is prevalent enough that there 's even a derogatory term -- "  white knight " -- for male members who step up to defend them -- the suggestion being that they 're only doing so to gain favor with the woman involved . "  Age of the other gamer makes quite a difference , " said Eleazer . "  Older gamers tend to be respectful of female gamers ... . Anyone 15 or younger does n't get it , but I blame that on maturity . " Chobot says that kind of attitude is beginning to fade , but that it "  has n't quite changed just yet . " "  More and more women can be found in high profile and strong roles within the industry , " she said . "  Yet , just recently , the comment was made to me , ` You 're just a host , right ? You do n't really play games . ' " Hannon , of Gamers With Jobs , said she thinks the way games are marketed plays a role . "  There are more women over 18 playing games now than boys under 17 , " she said . "  But you would n't be able to tell by the contents and comment sections of most game publications , the language/behavior of their fellow players online , or the game design , marketing materials and tactics of most game publishers and developers . " Gagnon said trolls will be trolls , especially during competitive , multi-player games . However , she does think game companies could do more to crack down on the abuse . "  I realize these trolls set out to mock any and all gamers and it 's not solely focused on female gamers , " she said . "  But it certainly feels as if I am being singled out . " There 's no reason to think the gaming industry wo n't have more and more of those female gamers to think about in the years to come . The ESA shows that 35 % of parents are playing computer and video games with their children every week and 58 % are playing with them at least once a month . The computer and video game industry as a whole had $ 14.8 billion in sales in 2012 , according to the ESA report . Given that women are 46 % of that purchasing audience , there is a great incentive for game developers to keep women in mind . They say they are n't looking for special treatment , are n't asking for female-only games and , in many cases , do n't even like to be differentiated as "  girl gamers . " Instead , they say , they want to be entertained , to be challenged , to have fun -- just like the guys . "  More women are getting involved , both behind the scenes and as educated consumers , " Chobot said . "  The boys ' club attitude in gaming needed to stop yesterday . "	Report : Almost half of video game players in U.S. are female Gamers cite a rise in strong female characters in top titles In gaming circles , though , some say "  boys ' club " mentality persists Marketing overwhelmingly still targets young males
CNN  -- I thought I could drink . I thought I could eat . I even thought I could sing . Then , Chinese New Year  CNY  2013 happened . I did n't just lose my CNY cherry last year ; it was ripped out of me , the flesh devoured and the stone spat back in my face . I wanted to enjoy it . I wanted to fall in love and snuggle up and giggle childishly -- like all first times should be . Instead I was shocked , slightly abashed and in just enough pain to hope I did n't have to do it again soon . CNY was , as far as I understood , an annual get together for families and loved ones to enjoy each other 's company . So when my then girlfriend  now wife  suggested we go to her hometown to meet her extended family for the first time , I agreed -- with all the bouncy enthusiasm of a puppy being led to the vet . I was happy simply to be going somewhere , simply to be included , blissful in my ignorance of the anguish that awaited . What unfolded was an education in consumption that nearly matched in three days what I learned in four years as a Scottish university student . The CNY myth If you do a little research into CNY , you 'll be told it 's a two-week period during which everyone goes home to honor their ancestors , worship deities and partake in superstitions and dragon dances that hark back centuries . Right . And Westerners celebrate Christmas by singing hymns , praising St Nicholas and distributing wealth and good cheer to the needy . It may go on in some places , for a short while , but for the most part , in most families , it 's about drinking and eating far too much and trying not to disembowel each other over a Pictionary board . The real CNY -- at least my version of it -- is a similarly non-traditional tradition that revolves around food , arguments and of course baijiu , the sickly , sticky distilled spirit with more kick than a startled mule . It is this 100-proof  57 % ABV  pungent , nasal-cavity-searing liquid that will forever tinge my memories of that first CNY experience . Baijiu or Bacchus ? It started with a 15-hour train ride from Shenzhen to Jiujiang -- because we wanted to "  do it properly , like locals . " That 's 225 million locals to be precise -- the number of people who traveled by train during 2013 's CNY . It involved quantities of baijiu that do n't make any sense to our numerically challenged brains . Eleven billion liters were consumed in China in 2012 -- that 's one third of all spirits consumed worldwide -- and my new family seemed convinced they could help surpass that in 2013 . The drinking of baijiu at CNY is a ceremonial affair that goes like this : there will be one uncle at the table who quietly designates himself the "  baijiu assassin " -- empty baijiu glasses and sober people are his prey . His mission , he has decided , is to ensure no one can stand up from the table without stumbling and giggling . His weapon of choice is the toast , which works like this : he will stand , proffer his glass of baijiu toward another member , say something auspicious about health and fortune for the coming year , and then drink . The irony of that act has not yet been grasped , it seems . In order to acknowledge and accept the toast , the toastee must also stand and drink . Importantly , the toastee must drink the same quantity as the toaster . And if you 're a "  yingguoren "  Englishman  or other "  laowai "  foreigner  introduced to the group for the first time , you 'll often be the subject of these toasts . Body slams In fact , all 12 members of the group toasted me at least twice . And a "  ganbei " and "  ceremonial " slamming of the entire glass of baijiu accompanied each toast . At one point , one of my new "  cousins , " whose body mass was at least twice mine , decided to pay the ultimate respect by toasting me with three consecutive tumblers full of the stuff . In the hazy aftermath of what followed , I can vaguely recall a karaoke den , in which I decided "  Ben " by Michael Jackson would be a good choice . Tip : MJ 's "  Ben " is never a good karaoke choice , even when you do n't have to sprint for the bathroom midway through . But I was no worse than one of my new cousins , who appeared to make the rookie mistake of confusing volume for tunefulness . Cousin number one , he of the three-glasses toast , revealed exactly why he was so "  respectful " at dinner as he proceeded to dispossess me of loose change in a game of liar 's dice . And so on , and so forth , until the next thing I saw was my future mother-in-law bursting into the hotel room to feed us congee , thankfully one of the world 's great hangover soothers . Cracking morning after I was thankful to have survived the previous night , until I was told in an airily dismissive way to get washed and dressed for we were to have lunch soon , and the celebrations would begin all over again . The only way I could have felt worse is if a thousand firecrackers were going off just outside the window . Which they were . Those firecrackers , unleashed upon so many hungover skulls each CNY to symbolically drive away evil spirits , were like audible nails being hammered into my ear canals . If there is a pairing more unfortunate than the year 's most alcoholic night followed by the loudest morning after , I 've not heard of it . The second day went much like the first , and the third day went much like the second . Thankfully , 2014 is not going like 2013 . We 're staying home . In Hong Kong . With a bottle of red .	Meeting a partner 's Chinese family for the first time is an alcohol-imbued affair Baijiu , a distilled spirit , is consumed in huge quantities over the festive period Celebrations involve much food , karaoke and sore heads
CNN  -- Hero pilot Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger on Tuesday joined the opposition to heightened airport security procedures that critics have called invasive and intrusive . Sullenberger , who landed a crippled US Airways jet on the Hudson River last year , said the use of full-body pat-downs and advanced imaging scanners for airline personnel "  just is n't an efficient use of our resources . " Federal transport authorities say the machines are both safe and a necessary security precaution , especially following recent airline terrorism attempts . Sullenberger argued that transport authorities should trust pilots and flight attendants because "  we 're trusted partners " who are already "  thoroughly screened . " "  We 're among the most scrutinized professional groups in the country , even more than doctors , " Sullenberger said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  It 's really not an efficient use of our resources to put us through this , " he added , suggesting that flight crews should be allowed to bypass much of the pre-boarding security screening that is required of passengers . Transportation Security Administration officials are permitted to use "  professional discretion " in determining if individuals should be subject to further screening , according to a TSA statement . In a letter to aviation authorities , Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , raised the idea of privatization at transport hubs , which he said could improve efficiency and enable airports to opt out of TSA safety regulations . "  It is both inappropriate and inefficient for the TSA to serve as the administrator , quality assurance regulator , operator and auditor of its own activities , " Mica , currently the ranking member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , said in the letter . "  My aviation subcommittee staff would be pleased to assist you should you move forward with your decision to opt to have a certified private screening program at your airport , " he said . Meanwhile , the Rutherford Institute , a civil liberties organization aligned with the Christian right , filed suit against Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and TSA Administrator John Pistole on behalf of two pilots who refused both the full body scan and the pat-down . "  TSA is forcing travelers to consent to a virtual strip search or allow an unknown officer to literally place his or her hands in your pants , " said Rutherford Institute President John Whitehead . It is not clear whether private screening is more efficient than TSA procedures or whether such screenings would meet federal safety standards . Earlier on Tuesday , a public interest research group said it is suing the Department of Homeland Security in a freedom of information lawsuit intended to obtain medical records and studies that it says the agency has relied upon for its use of body scanners . The Electronic Privacy Information Center has also asked authorities to suspend the use of advanced imaging technology and called for public hearings into its use , center spokesman Marc Rotenberg told reporters on Tuesday . Consumer advocate and former presidential candidate Ralph Nader joined Rotenberg in the group 's request for more information , calling the agency secretive and unresponsive . " -LSB- Scanners -RSB- present hazards when they malfunction or when they function routinely , " he said . Nader said radiation emitted by the machines was potentially hazardous to passengers , but acknowledged that most passengers in 2009 had actually favored the new measures . Transport authorities say advanced imaging technology meets national health and safety standards . "  These things ... have been examined six ways to Sunday , " Napolitano said on Monday . "  The -LSB- Food and Drug Administration -RSB- , Johns Hopkins University , the U.S. Science and Standards Association have all measured the radiation involved in an AIT , " she said . "  It 's almost immeasurable , it is so small . " In a report posted on the FDA website , scientists say full body X-ray scanners pose "  very low health risks . " The FDA evaluates radiation-emitting products as well as foods and medications . But a representative for Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory said the group did not evaluate the advanced imaging machines for passenger safety . "  That was not our role , " said spokesperson Helen Worth . "  We measured the level of radiation , which was then evaluated by TSA . " CNN could not independently confirm whether scanners pose a risk to passenger health . Transport authorities say that passengers concerned about the technology can decline the full body scan and instead opt for manual hand-searches performed by TSA officials . But some passengers and pilots have expressed objections to TSA 's too-close-for-comfort pat-downs . Over the weekend , a 31-year-old man refused a pat-down at a San Diego , California , airport . After arguing with a TSA agent , John Tyner left the airport facing a possible $ 11,000 fine , according to Michael Aguilar , the TSA 's federal security director in San Diego . Anyone who refuses to complete the screening process will be denied access to airport secure areas and could be subject to civil penalties , according to a TSA statement , citing a federal appeals court ruling in support of the rule . The ruling from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals says "  requiring that a potential passenger be allowed to revoke consent to an ongoing airport security search makes little sense in a post-9 / 11 world . Such a rule would afford terrorists multiple opportunities to attempt to penetrate airport security by ` electing not to fly ' on the cusp of detection until a vulnerable portal is found . " Tyner called the incident ridiculous and said he will not fly "  until these machines go away . " The mood among security officials is "  anger over the way the media is playing this story , " according to a senior Homeland Security official . "  You had a dutiful -LSB- transportation security officer -RSB- , someone who works on the front lines to protect this country from a terrorist attack , someone who did everything by the book and according to his training , and he was accosted and verbally abused by a member of the traveling public , " the official said . "  The fact that some in the media would hail the traveler as a kind of folk hero is shameful . " The incident sparked a debate over passenger safety and personal privacy that has remained headline news , just ahead of the holiday travel season . Pistole , addressing a Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing on air cargo safety , veered off topic to plead with the American public to see airport security "  as a partnership . " "  Those security officers there are there to work with you , to ensure that everybody on that flight has been properly screened , " he said . "  Everybody wants that assurance , so just try to be patient , work with our folks . They are there to protect you and your loved ones , and let 's make it a partnership . " Pistole also sent a memo to TSA staff praising the work of officers -- including those who met with Tyner in San Diego . "  Everyone involved with these latest incidents put into practice their training and experience , as you all do every day on the front lines to protect our country from terrorist attack , " he wrote . "  They did their work with calm professionalism even as they were faced with a confrontational situation . " Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET . For the latest from American Morning click here .	NEW : Civil liberties group files suit against Napolitano , Pistole NEW : Pistole praises work of TSA employees , pleads with public to work with screeners Rep. John Mica sent a letter to aviation authorities discussing airport privatization A public interest research group said it is suing DHS over scanner information
Zintan , Libya  CNN  -- Over the past two days , Moammar Gadhafi 's forces have unleashed their biggest attack yet against one of the mountainous rebel strongholds in western Libya , according to one of his former generals . Haji Usama , as he is known to the rebels , was once a top commander in Gadhafi 's forces . He spent decades in the Libyan army including a tour of duty in neighboring Chad , and now commands in Zintan , population 40,000 . Today , he hates that his former commander in chief regards him as a terrorist . Haji Usama says that early Thursday morning about 150 of Gadhafi 's infantry troops -- supported by about 40 vehicles , including long range "  Grad " rocket launchers and heavy , long-range machine guns -- began an attack on three fronts near Zintan . Zintan sits about 90 miles southwest from the capital of Tripoli , and is at the eastern tip of a 170-mile long ribbon of rebel held mountains stretching westwards from the Tunisian border . The trim , gray-bearded rebel commander says he 's never seen such an attack here before . Gadhafi "  has never used infantry like this " -- normally he shells from a distance , he says . He says he took immediate action , dispatching what he called a brigade of men to cut off Gadhafi 's advance . A brigade he said consisted of "  hundreds of fighters , " but he declined to give exact numbers . So far , the fighting has cost him dearly : one rebel killed and three injured , including one in critical condition . Deep , fresh trenches in the stark red sand here are testimony to the battle rebels say they are ready to fight should Gadhafi 's forces manage to break through . So far they have not and confidence among the rebels , if not high , is certainly up . Some of the fighters seen returning from the front lines crammed in the back of open top pickup trucks late Friday appeared remarkably young -- a few appeared to be school age . Among them , only a handful of weapons , a few hunting rifles and old bolt-action shot guns . Haji Usama admits many of his fighters are young , but he says "  they are keen and determined to fight for their freedom . " He believe that Thursday 's attack was to regain control of the nearby town Rayayan . He says the east of Rayayan "  declared their support for the rebels a month ago . " The rest of the town is loyal to Gadhafi and his former head of internal security , Nasar al Mabout , whom Haji Usama claims lives there . Gadhafi 's forces simultaneously attacked on three fronts , to the north of Zintan firing Grad rockets at the east of Rayayna , and attacking to the southeast and to the east of Zintan , Haji Usama . In previous battles , Haji Usama says , Gadhafi 's artillery forces have taken over homes in Zuwail al Bagul and simply shelled from a distance . The latest attack is different . Since the raids began at dawn on Thursday , Haji Usama says he has lost contact with rebels in Rayayan with the exception of one commander who managed to make the dangerous journey to Zintan after his house was destroyed in the shelling . As dusk fell Friday the shelling that could be clearly heard and seen from the roof tops of Zintan earlier abated before picking up with sporadic barrages of fire shortly before 10 p.m. . The rebels say the night-time shelling is simply to terrorize Zintan 's residents into fleeing . "  Some have , " he says , but most are staying to brave out the battle they fear is far from over .	Haji Usama was once a top commander in Gadhafi 's forces He now commands in Zintan for the rebels He gives his account of major offensive in rebel stronghold
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A teenager accused of killing and mutilating 19 pet cats in Miami , Florida , has been released on bond and is under house arrest , authorities said Wednesday . Tyler Weinman , 18 , is under house arrest , accused of killing 19 pet cats in Miami , Florida . Tyler Weinman , 18 , was fitted with an ankle bracelet for electronic monitoring and escorted home by Miami-Dade Police . He also has been charged with improper disposal of dead animals and burglary in the monthlong cat killing spree . Judge John Thornton ordered Weinman released after a court-appointed psychologist found the teen was mentally competent and not a danger to himself or others . Weinman , who had been on suicide watch , flashed a quick smile to photographers and reporters as he entered the courtroom . He made no statements at the hearing . "  He 's an innocent man . There 's no evidence , " said defense attorney Michael Walsh . "  When the case starts to unfold , you 'll see , " he added . "  The first thing that happened is an evaluation . He 's not a danger . He 's not a threat to himself or anyone else , " Walsh said . Weinman was ordered to undergo psychiatric counseling twice a week . The teen was arrested at a party in Miami on Saturday night . Police allege he 's responsible for the vicious series of cat killings that has put the manicured neighborhoods south of Miami on edge . Some of the carcasses were posed , police said . Thornton ordered the court file sealed . Investigators said Weinman might have been part of a ring committing the crimes . "  This is an ongoing investigation . We 're looking to see if any other individuals are involved , " said Terry Chavez , a spokesperson for the Miami-Dade State Attorney 's office . But Weinman 's defense attorney does n't buy it . "  Police say a lot of things , " Walsh responded . "  There obviously has been a public outcry to solve this crime , and that motivates police in certain directions . And now , this young man has to sit there and bear the allegations , " he said . Weinman was charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty with intent to harm and kill . He faces up to 158 years in prison if convicted of all counts . He was arrested after phone tips came in to police and he was placed under surveillance . As he left court , the suspect 's father , Douglas Weinman was asked if his son was guilty . "  Absolutely not , " he said . He also expressed his condolences to pet owners who lost their cats . "  We are cat owners ourselves . We love our pets , " he said . "  We certainly understand the grief that other cat owners are going through , and we sympathize with them , but it is not our son , " he added . "  We 've seen him play with our pets for years and he 's a great kid and he plays with pets and he 's fine with them , " he said . Extra police and a special investigator from the State Attorney 's Office had been working the investigation , which had worried many residents who feared the cat killer might graduate to people . One pet owner , Donna Gleason , said her family cat , Tommy , was "  partially skinned " and left dead in her yard . "  Part of his skin was missing underneath ... and part of his legs , " she said . But Weinman 's defense attorney said the police have not gotten their man . "  He 's not a violent kid . He 's just a good kid who 's a victim of circumstance . He did not do this crime , " Walsh said . Weinman is due back in court July 6 for arraignment .	Tyler Hayes Weinman , 18 , suspected in Miami serial cat killings , is released on bail Psychological evaluation says he 's no danger to self or others Cat killing began in May , but only 19 of 34 are linked to serial killer If convicted , Weinman could face up to 158 years in prison
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Monitoring the immigration crisis requires keeping one eye on Washington and one on the U.S.-Mexico border . One place is full of corrupt and mercenary characters who protect their interests , do n't follow the rules , play with people 's lives and who only care about making money and amassing power and ensuring their own survival . Then you have the border . Alarmed over tens of thousands of child refugees coming into the United States , House Republicans last week sent up a flare -- and wound up setting themselves on fire . With the Senate in recess until after Labor Day , Republicans approved a pair of show bills . The first bill -- a $ 694 million emergency spending measure to deal with the border crisis and approved by a 223-189 vote -- showed that House Speaker John Boehner could muster just enough support to overcome meddling by outsiders . Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Jeff Sessions of Alabama lobbied to defeat the measure because they wanted to preserve the narrative that President Obama is solely to blame for the fact that at least 57,000 unaccompanied minors from Central America have streamed across the U.S-Mexico border since October 2013 . They wanted to punish Obama by denying resources to house and care for the children . The second bill showed Latino immigrants how much contempt the GOP has for them . By a vote of 216-192 , House Republicans and four Democrats -- Reps. John Barrow of Georiga , Nick Rahall from West Virginia , Mike McIntyre of North Carolina and Collin Peterson of Minnesota -- voted out of spite to end the administration 's policy offering Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals . For Republicans , it was a chance to use the border crisis to attack a dispensation they never liked which offers more than half a million undocumented young people a two-year reprieve from deportation . The bill will never become law , but the damage is done -- to the Republican Party . As if Latinos did n't have enough reasons to hate the GOP , the attack on the DREAM ` ers gives them a fresh batch . Ironically , in 2016 , that could benefit Hillary Clinton , who has decided that on the issue of the refugee children she is pro-choice . Unfortunately , it is multiple choice . In June , Clinton said in a CNN interview that the border kids "  should be sent back . " Then , in July , during an interview on Fusion -- the liberal cable network co-owned by ABC News and Univision and aimed at English-speaking Latinos -- Clinton claimed that she was talking about "  migrant children " not "  refugee children . " Someone please tell her that Latinos are fond of both . If children do n't have a claim to asylum or family members in the United States , Clinton told Jorge Ramos , they should be returned . Never mind that the kids would be going back into darkness . Democrats call this a humanitarian crisis . How do you humanely hand a death sentence to an 8-year-old ? "  We send kids back all the time , " Clinton said coldly . And to think , this woman began her career protecting children in America . Now that she 's a politician , she thinks it 's her job to protect America from children . Still , Clinton insisted , the United States could help set up a screening process in countries like Honduras , Guatemala , and El Salvador to determine whether children qualify for asylum . In her clumsiness on immigration , Clinton takes after Obama , whose handling of the issue -- in a recent poll from AP-GfK -- earned the disapproval of 68 % of Americans . Only 31 % approve of the job he 's doing . That 's what happens when you ca n't decide whether you want to be tough or compassionate . No matter . Clinton , Obama and other Democrats have secret weapons . They 're called Republicans . In this go-around , the Democrats played the opposition masterfully . Obama made an initial misstep , saying what Clinton said -- that the kids had to go home -- and setting in motion plans for their expedited removal , without due process . Then he got smart and returned to the Democratic script of doing nothing and watching the GOP implode . In the new narrative , Obama and other Democrats were actually seen by many Latinos as the good guys , fighting the good fight against those evil Republicans who wanted to send the kids back home . To think Republicans swallowed the line about how Obama was going to take executive action to loosen immigration laws . Would this be the same Obama who spent the last five and a half years fighting with immigration activists and insisting he did n't have this power ? He never wanted to use it before . Why use it now ? Democrats set a clever trap , and Republicans walked into it . The GOP will pay for that mistake for years , and deservedly so . The rest of us learned a lesson . The next time we face a crisis where desperate people fleeing violence and oppression look to us for help , the most we can hope for is that Congress do what 's best for all concerned -- and stay out of it .	House votes for spending bill on border crisis and against reprieve program for "  dreamers " Ruben Navarrette : Democrats set a clever trap on immigration and GOP fell into it He says Republicans alienate Latino voters by showing contempt for issues they care about
CNN  -- A 39-year-old man in southern China died Saturday from what appears to be a contagious strain of avian flu , state media reported Saturday . The man -- identified by Xinhua as a bus driver with the surname Chen -- was hospitalized in Shenzhen on December 21 as he battled a fever . He tested positive for the H5N1 avian influenza virus , the provincial health department said in a statement , according to the official news agency . The man had not traveled out of the city of Shenzhen , nor did he have direct contact with poultry in the month before he came down with the fever , according to the department . Shenzhen borders Hong Kong , where more than 17,000 chickens were ordered culled on the same day that Chen was hospitalized . That decision came after a chicken carcass tested positive for avian flu . The territory 's director of Agriculture , Fisheries & Conservation declared the Cheung Sha Wan Temporary Wholesale Poultry Market an infected place , the government said then in a statement . Farmers were told they could not send chickens to the market for 21 days . The Hong Kong government said it was working to trace the origin of the chicken , which was infected with the H5N1 avian influenza virus . But , as of December 21 , authorities did not know the source . Meanwhile , the General Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine has since suspended supplies of live poultry to Hong Kong , according to Xinhua . As of mid-December , the World Health Organization calculated that 573 people had been infected -- and 336 had died -- after coming down with the H5N1 avian influenza virus since 2003 . Twenty-six of those deaths had been in China , with the largest number of fatalities , 150 , occurring in Indonesia . Vietnam and Egypt had more than 50 deaths each . This summer , the United Nations warned of a possible resurgence of the virus -- which peaked in 2006 , at one point infecting people in 63 countries -- saying there are indications a mutant strain may be spreading in Asia . A variant strain of H5N1 -- which can apparently bypass the defenses of current vaccines -- had appeared as of late August in Vietnam and China , reported the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . The group noted that the strain 's movement around Vietnam threatened Thailand , Malaysia , Cambodia , Japan and the Korean peninsula . By then , eight people in Cambodia alone had died this year after becoming infected this year , the agency added . In addition to the health impact , the avian flu outbreaks have also come at a steep economic cost -- with the United Nations estimating earlier this year that it had contributed to the killing of over 400 million poultry and caused losses estimated at $ 20 billion .	A 39-year-old bus driver was hospitalized last week in southern China State-run media says he died from what appears to be a contagious strain of bird flu The Chinese government has suspended supplies of live poultry to Hong Kong
GULFPORT , Illinois  CNN  -- All roads in the town of Gulfport , Illinois , lead to nowhere . They all hit a dead end into Mississippi River floodwaters . Most businesses and homes in Gulfport , Illinois , are underwater . Only 28 residents had flood insurance . The small town in western Illinois was devastated Wednesday when two levees failed about 45 miles south . Tuesday , all that was visible were a few signs and rooftops . "  It almost looked like a tidal wave coming across the land , " recalls Rick Gerstel , a resident of Gulfport . "  Almost like the end of the world is what it looks like . " The water barreled through with such force , it knocked Gulfport 's town hall off of its foundation , and the walls of some brick and mortar buildings collapsed . Most businesses and homes are underwater . But none of this was supposed to happen -- at least that is what residents believed . Gulfport was protected by a levee rated to withstand a 100-year flood . Although it was n't designed to protect the town from a flood on the scale of last week 's , it was enough protection that the Federal Emergency Management Agency did not require business or homeowners to purchase flood insurance . Only 28 of the town 's 200 residents had federal flood insurance . The rest trusted that the levees would hold . Residents Rick and Gina Gerstel , who lost everything , say no one from their bank to the municipal or federal governments ever told them they were at risk and ought to buy flood insurance . Some residents said they felt misled about the risks of not having flood insurance . They said they thought the chances of a catastrophic flood were miscalculated . Watch : Flooded residents gambled and lost " Sen. Chris Dodd , D-Connecticut , agrees . He supports legislation that would require anyone living in an area protected by a levee to have flood insurance . "  I do n't know how you define ` protected ' or call that protected when you 're telling people ` you do n't have to have this ; you do n't need it ' ... and you 're watching families being devastated , " Dodd said . "  But the opportunity to get on their feet again is going to be very difficult for many families . And that 's one of the major shortcomings in the flood insurance program . " FEMA says its risk assessment of Gulfport was accurate , and the agency is spending $ 1 billion to upgrade outdated maps and re-evaluate flood dangers . "  We do our best to advertise the availability of flood insurance and encourage people to purchase it , " said Terry Reuss Fell , regional chief of FEMA 's floodplain management . "  We implement the laws that are given to us and the laws right now deal with the floodplains management within that 100-year floodplain and the insurance purchase requirements in that area also . " The flooding could have been worse , according to officials , if the federal government had not purchased low-lying land after the historic floods in 1993 , which caused $ 12 billion in damage . Since then , the government bought out more than 9,000 homeowners , turning much of the land into parks and undeveloped areas that can be allowed to flood with less risk . FEMA has moved or flood-proofed about 30,000 properties . But those changes are little consolation for the Gerstels and other uninsured residents who have lost everything and ca n't afford to rebuild . "  Will you ever go back to that house ? " CNN asked the Gerstels . "  No , sir . I would not go back to the town , " Rick Gerstel said . "  I would never live there again . "	Nearly all homes , businesses in Gulfport , Illinois , were destroyed by floodwaters FEMA did n't require flood insurance since levee rated to withstand a 100-year flood Only 28 of the town 's 200 residents have flood insurance ; many ca n't afford to rebuild Risk assessment was accurate and flood dangers being re-evaluated , FEMA says
CNN  -- She lived the life of a little girl 's dream . From the time she visited SeaWorld as a 9-year-old , Dawn Brancheau was hooked . From then on , her family said , she was determined to be an animal trainer when she grew up . "  It was her dream job , " Brancheau 's sister , Diane Gross , said Thursday . "  And our family got to ride along with her in her dream . " But on Wednesday , Brancheau , 40 , died at the Orlando , Florida , park after a killer whale named Tilikum -- a whale she trained and cared for -- grabbed her ponytail and dragged her underwater in front of stunned onlookers . The Orange County medical examiner determined that she probably died from "  multiple traumatic injuries and drowning , " the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said Thursday . "  She loved the animals like they were her own children , " Gross said . "  She went to work every day . She loved what she did . " Brancheau was the youngest of six children , born in Cedar Lake , Indiana . She attended Andrean High , a small Catholic school in Merrillville , Indiana , where she was a cheerleader , on the golf and track teams , and student council president . "  She was so involved with the different clubs . She was the homecoming queen , the prom queen ; she was pretty much everything , " said Dave Pishkur , the school 's alumni director . Pishkur said Brancheau always talked about working with animals one day , and when she returned to Merrillville in 2007 for her 20th high school reunion , he remembers her being very attached to her whales . "  When we asked her if she had kids , she said , ' I do n't have time for a family now . My kids are my whales , ' " Pishkur recalled . "  It 's devastating to think about what occurred , " he added . Brancheau had worked at SeaWorld for 17 years , according to a SeaWorld spokeswoman Leigh Andrus . "  She was one of our most experienced killer whale trainers , " Andrus said . Gross said her sister "  loved her whales . She loved her family , and she will be dearly missed . She was a wonderful sister and daughter and aunt to many nieces and nephews . " She also leaves behind a husband , Scott . In a 2000 interview with CNN affiliate WESH-TV , Brancheau talked about the need to stay physically fit in order to deal with the physical exertion needed to work with the orca whales . She said she ran marathons , cycled and lifted weights to stay in the best condition possible . "  You want to prevent any injury and stay in great physical fitness so you can stay strong out there in the water with the animals , " she said . "  Anything to keep you in shape for what we 're doing out there . " She also said trainers have to get to know the animals ' behavior . "  We work with them day in and out , teaching them basic things as well as the more complicated moves that you see . " SeaWorld has halted killer whale shows in all of its parks -- in Orlando ; San Antonio , Texas ; and San Diego , California -- until it can evaluate its safety protocols to provide the safest environment for its trainers . "  We will not move forward until that can happen with the trainers , " Chuck Tompkins , SeaWorld 's curator for zoological operations , said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  And out of respect for Dawn and her family , we want to take time to respect her , and that 's why currently we are not doing shows at SeaWorld , and we need to assure ourselves that we have the safest environment , " he said . Dealing with a wild animal carries inherent risks . Tilikum has been linked to two other deaths . He and two other whales were involved in the drowning of a trainer at a Victoria , British Columbia , marine park in 1991 . The trainer fell into the whale tank at the Sea Land Marine Park Victoria and was dragged underwater as park visitors watched . In 1999 , Tilikum was blamed for the death of a 27-year-old man whose body was found floating in a tank at SeaWorld . Tompkins said that because of Tilikum 's size and his history , trainers did not get into the water with him . iReport : Photo shot moments before Sea World incident No funeral arrangements for Dawn Brancheau have been announced . Her family must now deal with the shock and sadness of losing their wife , sister and friend , who had lived a little girl 's dream . "  To me , she had the most awesome job in the world , and she was the best , " Gross said .	Killer whale dragged Dawn Brancheau underwater Wednesday "  She loved the animals like they were her own children , " sister says SeaWorld halts all whale shows to evaluate safety
CNN  -- From style icons like Tom Ford to glamorous locations like China , last year Art of Life brought you the best of good living . Monita Rajpal at the Great Wall of China for Art of Life This month we look back on some of our favorite moments from the past 12 months . Tom Ford exclusive No one sums up Art of Life 's aspirational brief better than fashion guru Tom Ford . Join Monita Rajpal as she gains exclusive access to the man who brought glamour back into fashion with his reign at Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent . We revisit the launch of Tom Ford 's own brand and gain exclusive insight into his feelings about leaving Gucci and his own personal strategy for the future . We catch up with him at his Mayfair home and visit some of his own favorite London haunts . Watch : Monita Rajpal with Tom Ford " The empress of Chinese contemporary art : Pearl Lam Outlandish and outspoken Pearl Lam is the doyenne of China 's contemporary art scene . Part party-girl , part intellectual aesthete , Pearl introduces us to some of the hottest names in Chinese contemporary art . We meet two ground-breaking members of the Chinese literati - Shao Fan and Zhang Huan - who are drawing on Chinese tradition and history to explore a rapidly changing modern culture . We find out why Chinese Art is experiencing such a boom in the West and how the western perception of Chinese Art differs from the Chinese view . Watch : Pearl Lam on Chinese contemporary art " Luxury Investing Horse Racing has long been known as the ` sport of kings ' but it is no longer just for the super rich . The smart moneyed classes are now forming syndicates in a bid to win prize money and secure breeding fees . CNN 's European Political Editor and racing enthusiast , Robin Oakley , uncovers the world of horse syndicates . Whether old-school classics or flashy sports models are your thing , cars are always a popular investment . Justin Armsden gets behind the wheel of the highly sought after new Rolls Royce Drophead Coupé . Watch : Justin Armsden drive the Rolls Royce Drophead Coupé " E-mail to a friend	This month we look back on some of our favourite moments from the last 12 months Designer Tom Ford shows Monita Rajpal around his London home Empress of China 's creative scene , Pearl Lam , on the contemporary art explosion Robin Oakley uncovers the world of horse racing syndicates
CNN  -- Israeli warplanes struck five targets in Gaza on Saturday evening in "  retaliation " for what a military spokesman called "  terrorist aggression . " Four of the "  targeted ... terror sites " were in northern Gaza while one was in southern Gaza , according to the Israel Defense Forces . Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , a military spokesman , said the strikes were "  precision " and "  intelligence-based . " Dr. Ashraf Elkdra from Gaza 's Shifa Hospital told CNN that there were no deaths or injuries reported as a result of the Israeli strike . The military actions follows what the Israeli military says were about 131 rockets launched from Gaza into Israel since last month . "  It is our obligation to seek out those that wish to attack us , eliminate their capabilities and pursue them wherever they hide , " Lerner said in a statement . It also comes as a tenuous point in effects to reach an elusive peace deal between Israeli and Palestinian leaders . Efforts to reach an agreement stalled last week , as Israel reneged on a scheduled release of Palestinian prisoners and the Palestinians responded by signing on to join 15 international bodies in defiance of their own commitment not to seek international recognition as a state . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry stated the obvious when he called both moves "  not helpful . "	Israel say its warplanes "  targeted " five locations in Gaza The strikes are in "  retaliation " for what a military spokesman calls "  terrorist aggression " A doctor at a Gaza hospital reports no one killed or injured
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan and U.S. officials say the two governments held face-to-face talks in Tunisia over the weekend , but Washington says the sole point of the meeting was to repeat its demand that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi "  must go . " The disclosure came nearly four months into the bombardment of Libya by NATO allies , including the United States . Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim called Saturday 's talks "  a first step , " adding , "  we welcome further steps . " "  We are ready to discuss ideas to move forward , make sure that people are not harmed any more , that this conflict comes to an end and that the damaged relationship between Libya and the  United  States and other NATO countries can be repaired , " Ibrahim said . But in Washington , a U.S. official familiar with the meeting said the purpose of the meeting was "  for us to convey directly that Gadhafi must go . " And a senior State Department official called the three-hour session in Tunis "  a one-time meeting to send a clear message , " not the start of negotiations . NATO has been bombing Libya under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians from troops loyal to Gadhafi , who is battling a rebellion that has claimed control of the eastern half of the country . Libyan officials had been reaching out to Washington with increasing frequency in recent weeks with no response , said the State Department official , who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity . After Friday 's announcement that the United States would recognize the rebel movement based in Benghazi as Libya 's rightful government , the official said the Obama administration wanted to tell the Libyans face-to-face what it has been saying publicly : that Gadhafi must go . Saturday 's meeting was "  a straightforward effort to send a very clear message to the Gadhafi regime , " the official said . And after conversations with people who spoke to the Libyans afterward , the Libyans are believed to have heard and understood the U.S. position , the official said . Ibrahim said in June that Libya would not consider a peace initiative that would require Gadhafi to step down . The State Department official said talks involved three American envoys and four Libyan officials . One of the Americans was the U.S. ambassador to Libya , Gene Cretz . Cretz was recalled from Libya in December amid the disclosure of embarrassing U.S. diplomatic cables published by the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks . The U.S. Embassy in Tripoli was shuttered and American personnel evacuated by sea and air in late February , after the current revolt against Gadhafi erupted . CNN 's Ivan Watson and John King contributed to this report .	U.S. officials told Libya that Gadhafi "  must go , " an American official says A Libyan government spokesman calls the talks "  a first step " There are no details and no comment from Washington on the report Libyan rebels have denied previous reports of talks with the government
Orlando  CNN  -- When Walt Disney World 's New Fantasyland opens Thursday in the Magic Kingdom , guests will be in for a slew of magical moments , and they 'll have plenty of room to enjoy them . This portion of the park nearly doubled in size , making it the largest expansion in the park 's 41-year history . "  It gives guests another level of immersion , " says Tom Staggs , chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts . "  We have technology to play with that Walt DIsney did n't have . " For instance , part of the expansion includes Beast 's Castle , which sits atop Be Our Guest restaurant . During lunch hours , guests order at touch-screen kiosks and take radio-frequency devices to their tables . Once the pager is placed on the table , servers know exactly where to deliver the food . And voila , meals arrive within minutes via a glass-enclosed cart . "  Everything is fresh , made to order , and for lunch we are hoping for the bustling kind of energy like the movie scene  from ` Beauty and the Beast '  in the dining room , " says Lenny DeGeorge , Walt Disney World executive chef . In the evening , the restaurant transforms into fancy table-service dining , inviting guests to feast upon French onion soup , mussels ProvenÃ § al and charcuterie while sipping on French wines and beers . This is a first , since alcohol has never been served before in the Magic Kingdom . In true Disney style , the decor inside and out is over the top . From the chandeliers to the walls to the terrazzo floor to the draperies , it 's all true to the movie . Even suits of armor that whisper to passersby line the hallway . Guests then make their way into the grand ballroom , which has an entire wall of arched windows , complete with magical snowflakes falling upon the French countryside . Faith Lee , from Lake Mary , Florida , appreciates the extreme theming . "  I felt like a kid again entering  Be Our Guest restaurant  , " she says . "  It completely recreates the details of Beast 's Castle to the most minute aspect . " Other areas of New Fantasyland involve similar attention to detail , completely immersing guests in the beloved Disney stories . The expansion , which has been in the works for more than three years , introduces two new areas -- the Enchanted Forest , which focuses on Beauty and the Beast and The Little Mermaid , and Storybook Circus , an area inspired by the Disney animated feature "  Dumbo . " Have you been to New Fantasyland ? Share your images Major focus on character time Outside , to the far left of Beast 's Castle is Maurice 's Cottage , a provincial abode that houses an enchanted mirror . It spectacularly transforms into a portal whisking guests into the story of Beauty and the Beast . Once in the Beast 's library , Enchanted Tales with Belle goes way beyond a typical meet and greet when Belle and friends invite guests to help act out the "  tale as old as time . " Next door at Prince Eric 's Castle , kids and adults alike will enjoy Under the Sea - Journey of the Little Mermaid  almost identical to the Disney California Adventure version  . After walking through an interactive queue , guests board giant clamshells as animation and animatronics retell Ariel 's story . Afterward in Ariel 's Grotto , guests score one-on-one time with the redheaded mermaid herself as she poses for photos and signs autographs . "  For us , the Fantasyland expansion was more than we could have imagined , " Lee says . "  It was like being immersed in the stories of Belle and Ariel , not just visiting attractions . " Lee and her family were also impressed with Storybook Circus , which opened over the summer . This portion of the park includes a water play area , tame roller coaster and gift shop . The revamped Dumbo ride , with its new indoor queue lounge , is a crowd pleaser for parents who want to sit down for a bit and children who want to enjoy an elaborate playground . Guests receive a pager that virtually holds their place in line ; it lights up when it 's time to board the ride . Another option is to grab a FastPass and wait in a traditional line outdoors . Overall , the new additions certainly have Disney fans aflutter , but will this translate to an influx of Orlando visitors ? Danielle Courtenay , chief marketing officer for Visit Orlando , thinks so . "  When any major new attraction opens in Orlando , there 's always a positive impact in terms of increased awareness and interest in the destination , " she says . "  With New Fantasyland being the largest expansion in Magic Kingdom history , we are certainly optimistic that it will impact visitation for 2013 and beyond . " Coming soon Princess Fairytale Hall is scheduled to open in 2013 in the former home of Snow White 's Scary Adventures . Located in the Castle Courtyard in the center of Fantasyland , it will be a place for guests to meet Disney princess characters . Come early 2014 , the finishing touch will be a roller coaster , the Seven Dwarfs Mine Train , in the heart of it all . This family thrill ride will be an experience somewhere in between the tame Barnstormer , a re-themed "  beginner 's coaster , " and the classic Big Thunder Mountain Railroad . With its patented train of vehicles that swing back and forth , the attraction will be the first of its kind . Have you visited Disney World recently ? Please share your experiences and tips in the comments section below .	Walt Disney World 's New Fantasyland officially opens December 6 The expansion is the largest in the Magic Kingdom 's history The new restaurant Be Our Guest is inspired by "  Beauty and the Beast "
CNN  -- Efraim Diveroli 's father hoped his son would become a doctor or lawyer . Efraim Diveroli , 22 , is doing his "  patriotic " duty as an arms dealer , his grandfather says . What he got instead is a 22-year-old international arms dealer who faces a congressional inquiry for allegedly selling old Chinese ammunition to the U.S. military to equip allies in Afghanistan . Diveroli is president of AEY Inc. , a South Florida company which , according to U.S. government documents , has done more than $ 10 million of business with the U.S. government since 2004 . The papers also reveal the company struck it big in 2007 with contracts totaling more than $ 200 million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the Afghan National Army and police . The company 's contract said it would get the ammunition from Hungary . But Army investigators found what the Afghan military got included corroded ammunition made in China as long as 46 years ago . The New York Times reported Thursday that AEY shopped stockpiles and ammo dumps in old Soviet bloc allies , from Albania to Kazakhstan . Albania was a big customer for Chinese armaments in the 1960s and '70s , the Times reported . Angelo Diveroli , Efraim 's grandfather , told CNN affiliate WPLG-TV that his grandson is being targeted by "  jealous competitors " in the international arms market . Since he was a boy , the grandfather said , Efraim Diveroli has known his way around weapons . Read the WPLG story "  He 's a genius about anything to do with weapons , " the 72-year-old says . "  Ever since he was a little boy , I would take him to gun shows and he could identify every model of guns . People would ask : How can he do that so young ? He has a gift , I would tell them . " Michael Diveroli , Efraim 's father , told CNN affiliate WFOR-TV that he wished his son had turned his intellect elsewhere . He said Efraim was "  a boy genius " who is "  hard to control . " Read the WFOR story "  I would prefer he became a nice Jewish doctor or lawyer rather than an arms dealer , " WFOR quoted Michael Diveroli as saying . Watch how father says son runs his own show " But his son seem to have a good idea of the circles he was running in . "  What goes on in the Albanian Defense Ministry , " the New York Times quoted him as saying . "  Who 's clean ? Who 's dirty ? Do n't want to know about it . " On a MySpace page Efraim Diveroli last updated in 2005 , he says "  I probably grew up way to  sic  fast . " But in a hint of where the then-19-year-old 's future was heading , he wrote , "  I definately  sic  have the desire to be very successful in my business and this does take up alot  sic  of my time . " The MySpace page also hints of his need for thrills . "  I 'm one of those guys who needs to be entertained and having lots of fun all the time so if your  sic  also an undiagnosed case of ADD look me up , " it says . He lists the weapon-heavy films "  Heat " and "  Scarface " among his favorites . A CNN search of Diveroli 's Florida criminal record shows arrests , but no convictions , on offenses from misdemeanor battery to felony possession of stolen property . He has yet to appear in court on a March 3 arrest for driving under the influence . For now , relatives say Efraim Diveroli is out of the country . CNN attempts to contact him have not been successful . His grandfather told WPLG that Diveroli is now in Turkey or Albania doing his "  patriotic " duty . "  He 's all over the world getting what the military needs , " Angelo Diveroli says . But in a MySpace message exchange with Radar magazine , a person thought to be David Packouz , a 25-year-old who was AEY 's vice president , refers to Efraim Diveroli as "  my former scumbag partner " and says he is motivated by money . "  Efraim Diveroli has a serious psychological illness called ` extreme greed , ' " Radar quotes him as writing in a report on its Web site . Packouz would not discuss AEY with CNN on Friday , saying he had no comment "  because of the ongoing investigation . " E-mail to a friend	22-year-old arms dealer faces congressional inquiry Company supplied ammunition made in China decades ago Company 's contract called for bullets made in Hungary Grandfather says dealer , 22 , had "  gift " for weaponry
CNN  -- Seven-time champion Lance Armstrong reflected ruefully on Monday 's incident-packed second stage of the Tour de France , which saw Sylvain Chavanel claim the first yellow jersey of his career following a spate of crashes . The Frenchman moved almost three minutes ahead of previous leader Fabian Cancellara with his victory on the 201-kilometer leg from Brussels to Spa in Belgium . The Quick Step rider was the last remaining member of an eight-man breakaway that he led at the 10-kilometer mark , with the 123-strong peloton coming home together after refusing to race further following another day of crashes in difficult conditions . Saxo Bank 's brothers Andy and Franck Schleck both went down on the Stockeu climb -- also part of the Liege classic where Chavanel cracked his skull in April . Armstrong and titleholder Alberto Contador also lost time following spills , and the three main groups closed ranks to negotiate the slippery descents . American Armstrong dropped one place to fifth , being 3:19 off the leader in what is the 38-year-old 's final attempt at winning the race . "  It was a rough day . I 've got a couple of good abrasions -- one on the hip , one on the elbow , " Armstrong told the Team RadioShack website . "  Coming down the descent of the Stockeu , it was as if someone had put something on the road , it was so surreal . There was no way to stay on your bike , there were people everywhere . "  As we got back on our bikes and started to re-descend , we just kept coming across more and more crashes ... motorbikes , TV cameras -- it was just bad luck . " Chavanel came home almost four minutes clear of the bunch to take a lead of two minutes and 57 seconds into Tuesday 's third stage from Wanze across the border to Arenberg Porte du Hainaut in France . Prologue winner Cancellara , who negotiated the pact between the riders , will start the day in second place ahead of Columbia 's young German Tony Martin and Garmin 's British rider David Millar . Spain 's Contador was seventh behind Team Sky 's Geraint Thomas , while Armstrong 's RadioShack teammate Levi Leipheimer was eighth -- 3:25 behind Chavanel . Columbia 's sprint specialist Mark Cavendish , who won six stages last year and four in 2008 , fell almost 10 minutes off the pace as he finished back in 148th . Italian rider Alessandro Petacchi , who won a similarly crash-hit stage one on Sunday , was 13:37 adrift of Chavanel after finishing 157th .	Crashes mar the second stage of the Tour de France , won by Sylvain Chavanel Seven-time champion Lance Armstrong drops to fifth after crashing in Belgium Chavanel claims yellow jersey for first time as 123-strong group of riders agree not to race Frenchman has almost three-minute advantage over previous leader Fabian Cancellara
CNN  -- When is a website crash not a crash ? That question has been on the minds of many since the government official responsible for the beleaguered HealthCare.gov site testified Wednesday before Congress . Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius apologized and took responsibility for what she called "  miserably frustrating " problems with the site , which launched October 1 . But it was a parenthetical comment that turned heads . "  We were anxious to get the website up and running and functional , which we clearly have failed to do to date , " Sebelius said . "  Although , I would suggest the website has never crashed . It is functional but at a very slow speed and very low reliability . " Has n't crashed , really ? Critics of the site 's failures -- as well as of the Affordable Care Act itself -- immediately pounced on her statement . One congresswoman pulled up the Obamacare site on an overhead projector during the hearing , appearing to show that it was n't accessible at the time .  In fairness , it 's not clear whether that problem was due to the site itself or a problem with host Verizon 's servers that cropped up in the past few days . For what it 's worth , it was opening for us just fine Wednesday afternoon  . So , while Sebelius owned up to the errors that have plagued the site for the millions trying to use it , she seemed to be suggesting that , since the entire thing has never ground to a complete halt , it has n't "  crashed . " Tech community , how does that sound ? "  The site was crashing , " said David Kennedy of online security firm TrustedSec . "  A crash is defined in the basic sense as an application not behaving as anticipated or not being able to handle something due to programming flaws , " Kennedy added . "  The system does n't work or stops serving because of the issues , " he said . "  Basically , exactly what happened to the HealthCare.gov website . " The definition at Internet-centric encyclopedia Webopedia is similarly broad . It defines a crash as "  a serious computer failure . " "  A computer crash means that the computer itself stops working or that a program aborts unexpectedly , " the definition continues . Kennedy said that what 's been happening with the health care website is different from slowness caused by heavy traffic , which is not uncommon when sites debut to higher-than-expected popularity . Instead , Kennedy said , the site is delivering error messages and not letting people register , suggesting flaws in its coding . Technicalities aside , the wags of the Internet were having fun with Sebelius ' comment . "  Depends what the meaning of ` crash ' is , " wrote conservative blogger Keith Koffler . "  Like , was it driving a car and it did n't crash into anything , so the website made it home from soccer practice ? Or , does the website only go to parties to which it has been invited ? " Twitter , of course , chimed in . "  The Hindenburg did n't crash , " wrote @ClarenceWhorley . "  It was just flying on the ground while on fire . " Michael Hayes , a reporter for BuzzFeed , wrote than Sebelius should do an AMA , the popular question-and-answer sessions on Reddit . "  That , " replied Business Insider editor Paul Szoldra , "  would crash Reddit . "	Health secretary says Obamacare site "  has never crashed " Kathleen Sebelius apologized for "  miserably frustrating " problems But tech experts say the site 's glitches qualify as a "  crash " Some on the Web mocked her comment
As the country heads into the Memorial Day weekend , there are still almost 1.5 million U.S soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines deployed in war zones or combat missions worldwide . So far , more than 6,700 U.S. servicemen and women have died in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and at least 50,000 more have been wounded . Here is a look at the numbers behind the sacrifices of American military veterans of current and past wars : More than 8,100 -- Number of coalition troops who have died during the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq ; almost all of them -- about 6,700 -- are U.S. troops . 623 -- Number of troops from Britain who have died in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . Britain has the second highest number of fatalities behind the United States . 175 -- Number of coalition servicewomen who have died in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . 156 - Number of U.S. servicewomen who have died in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . More than 50,000 -- Number of U.S. troops who have been wounded in action during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , according to the Pentagon . At least 3,275 -- Number of coalition troops who have died in improvised explosive device  IED  attacks in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . It is the leading cause of fatalities . 50 -- Countries that contributed troops to Operation Enduring Freedom through NATO/International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan and related regions . At least 36 -- Number of countries that have lost troops in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . 3,000 -- Number of coalition force deaths since the start of the war in Afghanistan . Approx . 620,000 -- Combined troops killed during the Civil War , which lasted from 1861 to 1865 . 63 -- Percent of Union troop deaths caused by disease during the Civil War . 90 -- State and local chapters of Rolling Thunder , a national group participating since 1988 in Memorial Day weekend bike rides to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall in Washington , D.C. 6 -- Number of wreaths engraved on the sides of the Tomb of the Unknowns , in Arlington National Cemetery . Each wreath recognizes a major campaign of World War I. 58,000 + -- Names inscribed on the walls of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial , of U.S. troops who died serving in the Vietnam War . 8 -- Women 's names on the memorial . 24 -- Notes in "  Taps , " the bugle call traditionally played at the end of a military funeral . 3 -- Number of rifle volleys fired over the grave during interment . 3,461 -- Recipients of the Medal of Honor , the highest honor for valor in action . 80 -- Living Medal of Honor recipients . 38 -- The number of statues there appear to be , including the reflections on the wall , at the Korean War Memorial , symbolizing the length of the war , 38 months , and the 38th parallel that divides North and South Korea ; 34,000 U.S. troops were killed .	More than 6,700 U.S. troops have died in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan At least 35 other countries have lost troops in the wars Six wreaths are engraved on the Tomb of the Unknowns , in Arlington National Cemetery
CNN  -- This fall , two student organizations at Duke University met to discuss a simple idea : Put a spotlight on reasons people might take offense to phrases and slurs used in everyday conversation . The result of that conversation -- the "  You Do n't Say ? " campaign , a photo project that points out language that marginalizes sexual and gender minorities -- has been sweeping across the Web and the Durham , North Carolina , campus . It comes in the midst of several photo campaigns at colleges around the country . At Harvard , there was the "  I , Too , Am Harvard " photo project that highlights the experience of its black students . In March at Georgetown , images of administrators in drag explored the issue of gender identity . Duke sophomores Daniel Kort , Anuj Chhabra , Christie Lawrence , and Jay Sullivan co-founded the project . Kort is the president of the undergraduate LGBTQ group Blue Devils United , and Chhabra is the president of Think Before You Talk , a group aimed at bringing awareness to the implications of offensive language . Lawrence and Sullivan serve on Think Before You Talk 's executive board . The students explained via e-mail why they got involved , and what they hope the photo campaign will accomplish . Their responses have been edited for clarity . Anuj Chhabra on using the phrase ` That 's so gay ' : I thought it was important to bring awareness to the implications that these words have because having used some of -LSB- these phrases -RSB- in high school , I quickly realized how differently other Duke students perceived me -LSB- when I commented -RSB- , "  That 's so gay . " One of my friends in particular would constantly question me : "  What do you mean by ` That 's so gay ? ' " I realized that using the word "  gay " to describe a teacher who I did n't like or an unfavorable event really did n't make sense , and I began to change the habit . Our intention was to use personal testaments to let people personally challenge themselves , as opposed to "  banning " these words . Our desire to use the personal "  I " stems from the fact that most people , after thinking about why it is so common in today 's society to equate something like "  dumb " or "  unfavorable " with "  gay , " are quick to change their habits . It is not necessarily homophobic or sexist people using such words and phrases , but largely just ordinary people . Daniel Kort on why he participated : Throughout elementary and middle school , I was consistently bullied by my classmates because of characteristics that others deemed "  gay . " I was constantly called "  fag " and "  bitch . " At times , it felt as if my entire class was against me , and I can recall only one instance that somebody stood up for me . I would cry to my mom during the car ride home , and my schoolwork and motivation suffered . With help from the school counselor , I was eventually able to stand up for myself and disregard my bullies . In my first year -LSB- at Duke -RSB- , I was called a "  fag " by one of my hall mates in the first month of school . I was lucky to have my friends there to intervene , but I know that not all students are as fortunate . I was motivated by the bystanders who were there for me that night , and this experience propelled my enthusiasm to work on the campaign . Though I do n't have the same reaction nowadays in response to these words , I stand in solidarity with younger students who are marginalized by their classmates . Christie Lawrence on how these terms impact her and others : All of these phrases impact me , whether they directly address me or not . I think it is important to try to be as good of a person as you can , and through conversations with my friends , I have grown to recognize the hurt these words can inflict . Even if I am not gay , I know that calling someone a "  fag " or qualifying an expression of admiration with "  no homo " attaches hurtful connotations to words that are directly connected to a certain identity . Telling me to "  man up " or not be a "  pussy " tells me that you believe women are weaker , more emotional and lesser than a man . It tells me that you think a certain way to act is the right way and anything that does not fall under the umbrella of "  acceptable " behavior or emotions is something to be put down . This attitude , that there is a correct way to have courage , be successful , or achieve happiness , is something that I believe hurts everyone in our society , including myself . This campaign is not an attempt to ban words or invalidate someone 's right to free speech , but instead is an attempt to show how these words are hurtful for many . One comment on an article I read about our campaign explained it very nicely : You have the right to say these offensive phrases , but we also have the right to tell you why we think these phrases are hurtful . Jay Sullivan on how language reflects values : I am a Christian . That is the lens I bring to all the work that I do in the community here at Duke , in the local Durham community , and in my daily life . When I was in high school , I was the leader of the my school 's small Christian Fellowship . I went to a private co-ed prep school in New Haven , Connecticut , called Hopkins School , and I distinctly remember during my junior year during the day of silence I was wearing an ally sticker in support of my friends who were silent . In class that day , an older friend came up to me and said , ' "  Look , Jay , I respect you but you need to take that ally sticker off man . You 're condoning their sinful actions . You ca n't support them and be the leader of a Christian organization . " I was quite taken aback , and after a short dialogue I took off the sticker to avoid any further conflict . That experience bothered me for a while , that I did n't take a stand to tell him , "  People are people and they deserve the same rights and freedom to live the way they want that you have , as well . God loves everyone regardless of any part of their identity that you may have deemed sinful or unworthy . " This campaign is not about language ; it is about what this language represents . The way we talk is a reflection of our beliefs and perceptions of the world and it is vital , at least for me , to examine whether what I say is in line with my values and how I view the world .	Duke students created a campaign to point out language that marginalizes others The "  You Do n't Say ? " campaign has taken off online Instead of dehumanizing others , students say , use language to build each other up
Rome  CNN  -- The captain of the Costa Concordia went back on board Thursday for the first time since the cruise liner crashed into the rocks off Italy 's Giglio island , killing 32 people . As part of his trial , Francesco Schettino , who faces multiple charges including manslaughter and abandoning ship , went aboard the vessel with an expert team appointed by the court and was present as a defendant . He denies any wrongdoing in the accident . Wearing sunglasses , Schettino toured the ship for four hours . Speaking to journalists afterward , he said he could not comment on the survey aboard the wreck . "  I have taken responsibilities for my actions and am undergoing a trial , " he said . Schettino 's lawyers had asked the court to allow him to accompany the experts as they examined the ship 's emergency generators . They are also looking to see if anything other than human error could have contributed to the accident . Witnesses said Schettino jumped into a lifeboat to flee the ship , even though hundreds of passengers were still on board . In his trial , the captain said he fell into a lifeboat when the ship listed sharply . He also blamed a malfunction of the ship 's watertight doors for making the situation worse by letting in water after the rocks tore into the vessel 's hull . His attorneys also say the ship would not have crashed had the helmsman turned it in the direction that Schettino told him to 13 seconds before impact . Complex recovery The wreckage of the cruise liner , now stabilized after a complex salvage operation last year , sits propped up on underwater platforms just outside the port of Giglio , off the Tuscan coast . It was carrying 4,200 people when it hit a reef January 13 , 2012 . Journalists and photographers swarmed Schettino as he arrived for a briefing on the island ahead of the tour of the ship . The raising of the Costa Concordia last September was one of the most complex shipwreck recoveries ever undertaken . In a lengthy process involving massive pulleys , cables and steel tanks , a salvage crew managed to roll the 114,00-ton vessel off the rocks . In an interview on Italian television last year , Schettino said he had felt pain over the victims ' deaths every day since the disaster . Testimony : Hundreds still on board as captain left Costa Concordia	Captain boards cruise liner two years after it crashed off Italian coast Francesco Schettino went aboard vessel with expert team investigating accident Schettino faces manslaughter charges after 32 people died in the 2012 shipwreck The wreckage of the cruise liner is now stabilized after a complex salvage
CNN  -- Mexico has received the support of parliamentary leaders from 10 nations in opposition to Arizona 's controversial new immigration law , the Mexican Senate president said Wednesday . Mexico and the other nations signed a declaration expressing their "  strong condemnation and profound rejection of the law , " said Senate President Carlos Navarrete Ruiz . The Arizona law , which is scheduled to go into effect later this month , requires anyone being investigated by police for a possible crime to provide proof of legal residency . Opponents say the measure is discriminatory and invites racial profiling , but supporters say it 's necessary to curb the flood of illegal immigrants in the border state . The U.S. Justice Department filed suit against the law , SB 1070 , this month on the ground that Arizona is usurping federal authority to control the border and enforce immigration law . The federal suit has drawn opposition from some members of Congress . On Wednesday , 81 senators and representatives filed an amicus brief disputing the Justice Department contention that the law is unconstitutional . Mexico has been a vocal opponent of the law since the Arizona legislature passed it in April . Speaking at a news conference Wednesday , Navarrete said Mexico received support from Uruguay , Panama , Ecuador , Bolivia , Guatemala , Cuba , Turkey , Senegal , Micronesia and Ghana . Mexico also received backing from the Parliamentary Assembly of the European Council , Navarrete said , according to the state-run Notimex news agency . The declarations of support came at the three-day Third World Conference of Parliamentary Presidents , which ended Wednesday in Geneva , Switzerland .	Arizona 's SB 1070 requires proof of residency from anyone being investigated for a crime Opponents say the law is discriminatory and can lead to racial profiling Supporters say it is an effort to curb massive illegal immigration The Justice Department has filed suit against the law
CNN  -- The University of Kansas men 's basketball team squeaked by Ohio State late Saturday night , setting up an an NCAA tournament championship showdown with top-seeded Kentucky . Hours earlier , Kentucky defeated Louisville in its own semifinal . The Wildcats and the Jayhawks will play Monday night for the title at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans . Both teams squared off earlier in the year with Kentucky pulling off a 75-65 win . Under coach John Calipari , Kentucky posted a 32-2 record over the course of this season -- with its only losses coming at the hands of Indiana and Vanderbilt , the latter coming in the Southeastern Conference tourney . It entered the 68-team NCAA tournament as the No. 1 seed in the South bracket , and the favorite to win it all in the eyes of many pundits . The team was led by Anthony Davis , a freshman who was recently named the Associated Press college basketball player of the year . But a win in Saturday 's contest against Kentucky 's in-state rival , Louisville , was hardly a given . The Cardinals , for one , had a head coach with a national title to his credits -- Rick Pitino , who ironically won that distinction in 1996 as head coach at Kentucky . Louisville entered the NCAAs with momentum after winning the Big East Tournament . The Cardinals battled the Wildcats tough throughout Saturday 's game , tying the score , 49-49 , at one point early in the second half . But the Wildcats eventually pulled away , winning by a 69-61 margin . Ohio State and Kansas entered the night 's second tilt as No. 2 seeds , having both defeated the top seeds in their brackets -- Syracuse and North Carolina , respectively -- in the Elite Eight . The Jayhawks were paced by forward Thomas Robinson , this season 's lone unanimous AP All-American pick . On the other side of the court was the Buckeyes ' Jared Sullinger , who himself earned first-team honors for the second straight year . On Saturday night , Ohio State jumped ahead early , carrying a 34-25 advantage into the half . But Kansas stormed back after the intermission , notching the game up at 38-38 with 14 minutes left in the game . The rest of the game was nip-and-tuck , with rarely more than a few points separating the two teams and several lead changes in the final minutes . Kansas edged ahead with just over a minute to go and held on , thanks to some pivotal free throws and an Ohio State lane violation call , for a 64-62 victory .	Kansas narrowly defeats Ohio State , 64-62 , to advance to the NCAA finals They will face Kentucky , which beat Louisville 69-61 earlier in the night The Wildcats defeated the Jayhawks 75-65 earlier this season
CNN  -- Mexican forces scored a potentially strong hit against the Zetas drug cartel with the capture of one of its top leaders , Ivan Velazquez Caballero , alias "  El Taliban . " Mexican marines arrested the person "  presumed to be and who says he is " Velazquez in the north-central state of San Luis Potosi on Wednesday , officials said . Velazquez is "  one of the principal leaders of the Zetas cartel , " the Mexican navy said in a statement . Gulf cartel boss arrested Additional details were to be released Thursday . Velazquez 's name appears on the list of Mexico 's 37 most wanted traffickers . Authorities were offering a reward of 30 million pesos  $ 2.3 million  for information leading to his arrest . The Zetas are one of Mexico 's major drug cartels , known for its violence . Recent reports indicated that Velazquez was in a power struggle with another Zetas leader , Miguel Angel Trevino Morales . If confirmed , the capture would be another success for Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's war on the drug cartels , which has left tens of thousands dead , but done little to reduce the amount of drugs transported through the country . More : Venezuela drug lord captured CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	The navy says its marines captured Ivan Velazquez on Wednesday He is one of Mexico 's 37 most-wanted traffickers More details on the arrest are expected later Thursday
CNN  If the management and the captain of the sunken tall ship HMS Bounty had "  exercised the proper responsibility , judgment and prudence , " the deaths of two people would have been prevented , according to a U.S. Coast Guard investigation report released Thursday . Nineteen months after the Bounty sank in Hurricane Sandy off North Carolina , and more than a year after investigative hearings , the Coast Guard issued a wide range of recommendations in the disaster that killed rookie deckhand Claudene Christian and left Capt. Robin Walbridge missing and presumed dead . Fourteen crew members survived . Before it sank roughly 100 miles off Hatteras , the Bounty was arguably the most famous three-masted wooden square rigger in the world . The Coast Guard investigation asked life-and-death questions about proper ship maintenance , the crew 's experience and the captain 's decision to sail from Connecticut to Florida as Sandy pointed toward the East Coast . The report could determine who , if anyone , might lose maritime licenses as a result of the disaster . During the investigation , officials said the report 's findings could be forwarded to prosecutors who would determine whether to file criminal charges . A year after Bounty tragedy , survivors honor victims The "  most critical " cause of the sinking , the report said , was the "  failure of the Bounty 's management and -LSB- captain -RSB- to exercise effective oversight and risk management in the overall operation of the Bounty and specifically with undertaking its final voyage in the face of an impending hurricane . " The "  leading cause that contributed to the loss " of Walbridge and to Christian 's death was the captain 's "  decision to order the crew to abandon the ship much too late , " the report said . "  It was just so hard , " said Bounty survivor Jessica Hewitt , describing her feelings as the report was made public . "  It was hard thinking about Robin and Claudene . " Hewitt , a deckhand on the Bounty , nearly drowned after Sandy 's winds and waves tossed her and fellow sailors into the Atlantic . The decision to abandon ship so late after hurricane conditions worsened and the "  fact that the crew had not drilled in months , " led the report to determine that the captain 's "  actions/and or inactions in this regard constitutes negligence . " Hewitt said she agrees with the report 's conclusion that Walbridge waited too long to give the order to abandon ship . "  But at the same time I ca n't even put myself in his shoes when it comes to making that call in a hurricane , " she said . Since the disaster Hewitt has been struggling to overcome repeated nightmares and deep-seated fears linked to the Bounty , while working on an oil rig supply ship in the Gulf of Mexico . The ships ' owner -- HMS Bounty Organization LLC , according to the report , "  committed acts of negligence that contributed to " Christian 's death and the presumed death of Walbridge . Fatigue played a contributing factor in the disaster , the report said . The "  crew was suffering from fatigue which was born out of lack of sleep , being sea sick , and from the physical exertion of fighting to save the vessel while in extreme weather conditions for over 24 hours . " The Bounty operated as a recreational vessel under "  less stringent safety standards , " the report said . It recommended that the Coast Guard "  examine if legislative , regulatory or policy changes are needed . " "  Inspections should be thorough and should take a long time , " Hewitt said . "  I would be in favor of a higher level of training when you 're making passages . " But Hewitt remains protective of ships like the Bounty that serve as training vessels for inexperienced sailors such as Christian . "  You 've got to keep that going , " Hewitt said . The Coast Guard handled its investigation in a way that was both thorough and respectful of the crew , she said . Read the full report The Bounty was a movie star , a re-creation of the infamous 18th-century British navy vessel of the same name , constructed by a Canadian shipbuilder for the 1962 MGM film "  Mutiny on the Bounty , " starring Marlon Brando and Trevor Howard . Claudene Christian , who was 42 , had said she was a descendant of the original Bounty 's lead mutineer , Fletcher Christian . More recently , the Bounty had appeared in Disney 's "  Pirates of the Caribbean " movie franchise . But the Bounty was never designed to sail the sea for 50 years . And the aging vessel had maintenance issues that would be expected of a half-century old , 180-foot-long ship made of oak and Douglas fir . Did the crew have enough experience ? Questioning during the Coast Guard hearing frequently centered around the crew 's experience . The Bounty was Claudene Christian 's first job on a sailing vessel . In fact , 10 of Bounty 's 15 crew members had been aboard for less than a year , including two who 'd joined less than a month before its last voyage . Christian had been hired just five months before . Life and death on the HMS Bounty Her family remains in settlement talks in the wake of a $ 90 million civil lawsuit the Christians filed against the ship 's owner , the New York-based HMS Bounty Organization , headed by Robert Hansen . Hansen declined to testify at the Coast Guard hearings , evoking his Fifth Amendment constitutional rights against incriminating himself . Hansen has repeatedly declined CNN requests for interviews , although he has said more than once he intended to tell his side of the story , eventually . On Thursday , in an e-mail to CNN , Hansen wrote , "  I can not comment while there is pending litigation . " An attorney for Christian 's family , Ralph Mellusi , said the report will help push his case toward a final resolution . The investigation also focused on Walbridge 's decision to sail despite knowing that Hurricane Sandy was threatening to move up the East Coast . Walbridge set sail for St. Petersburg , Florida , from New London , Connecticut . Crew members testified that Walbridge 's plan was to stay east of the storm as it moved up the coast . But two days into the voyage , the captain diverted from his plan and ordered a course change . Crew members testified that Walbridge wanted to pilot the ship northwest of Sandy to harness its winds . Turning more westerly , the boat crossed the path of the oncoming hurricane . The weather worsened . The Bounty found itself in big trouble . Seawater leaking into the ship knocked out power to water pumps and engines , leaving the Bounty adrift while being battered by the raging storm . Wind gusts above 100 mph and waves as high as 30 feet flipped Bounty on its side , tossing everyone into the predawn Atlantic . While the crew tried to keep their heads above the towering waves , the wind slammed the ship 's mast and rigging on top of them . Getting tangled in underwater rigging nearly drowned some crew members , who were barely able to free themselves and swim to the ship 's lifeboats . Hours later , Coast Guard rescuers were able to save 14 crew members . Christian was pulled from the water . She was unresponsive and could n't be revived . As for the captain , Walbridge 's body was never found . Shortly after Hewitt got word that the investigation report was available , she took a moment to try to read it . "  I started to cry , " she said . "  And I said , ' I ca n't do this . ' " Hewitt said the release of the report has brought her emotional state back to 2012 , during the painful hours immediately following the crew 's rescue . Officials were asking her questions . "  I was sitting in a room and looking out the window and I remember the weather was really crappy outside and I 'm thinking , ` Oh that 's right , this nightmare is still going on . I 'm being asked to tell this story . ' " For some reason , Hewitt still remembers that her hair was still wet that day , as she sat in that room . "  Now , with the report coming out , I kind of feel like my hair is still wet , " she said . "  You know what I mean ? " ` We chase hurricanes ' During the 2013 investigative hearings , Coast Guard and National Transportation Safety Board officials asked surviving crew members whether Walbridge believed it was acceptable to intentionally sail near hurricanes . As evidence , the Coast Guard introduced a YouTube video of Walbridge where he says , "  We chase hurricanes . " In the video , Walbridge explained how to "  get a good ride " out of a hurricane by sailing "  as close to the eye of it as you can " and staying behind the storm in its southeast quadrant . Without a doubt , the captain 's harshest critic at the hearing was Jan Miles , one of the world 's most respected tall-ship pilots and a self-described friend of Walbridge . Captain of the Pride of Baltimore II , Miles summed up Walbridge 's actions in four words : "  reckless in the extreme . " The Coast Guard 's report follows final conclutions released in February by the National Transportation Safety Board . The NTSB determined the Bounty tragedy was largely caused by Walbridge 's "  reckless decision to sail ... into the well-forecast path of Hurricane Sandy . " NTSB says captain shares blame for Bounty disaster Questions at the hearing pointed to the ship 's maintenance record . Extensive repairs had been made to the Bounty twice in the past decade , and some work had been done weeks before it sailed , according to crew testimony . Rot infested 18-foot wooden planks on Bounty 's forward right and left sides . Workers replaced them and caulked cracks and gaps in the ship 's hull below the waterline . Walbridge was warned by the shipyard that some of the boat 's frames -- its ribs -- also contained rot , multiple witnesses testified . The shipyard manager testified that the captain said he 'd do the repairs later . But not before he chose to sail toward Hurricane Sandy . The way Bounty was licensed , it was n't subject to the toughest Coast Guard inspections or mandatory repairs . The owners chose to license the ship as an uninspected passenger vessel , a classification described by experts at the hearing as a "  regulatory no man 's land . " The status allowed the Bounty to avoid requirements reserved for higher classified ships -- including a sometimes expensive , time-consuming Coast Guard hull inspection every two years . The ship 's classification also allowed it to hire less experienced crew to serve in officer positions . The ship made its money by charging admission for shipboard tours at dockside . Under the regulations , the Bounty required only a simple , brief Coast Guard inspection that checked for obvious safety issues such as major leaks or malfunctioning emergency equipment . The Bounty passed one of these about two months before the disaster . No safety inspections were required for the ship to go to sea because the Bounty carried no passengers .	Release of report dredges up dark memories for Bounty shipwreck survivor Coast Guard : Management and captain failed to exercise "  proper responsibility , judgment " The half-century old , 180-foot wooden sailing ship sank in 2012 in Hurricane Sandy An inexperienced deckhand died and the captain 's body was never found ; 14 crew survived
Mashable  -- Stuart Hughes , the British jeweler known for his expensive remakes of popular gadgets , is at it again , this time with a diamond-clad iPhone 4 with a price tag of 5 million pounds , or roughly $ 8 million . The handmade bezel contains approximately 500 individual flawless diamonds that total more than 100 carats . There 's 53 additional diamonds in the back , and the main navigation button is made of platinum , holding a single cut 7.4 carat pink diamond . If you know diamonds , all of this probably means something to you . To us , it just sounds really , really expensive . Only two of these will ever be made , so do n't worry : if you buy one , the chances of bumping into someone who has the exact same phone at a party are quite slim . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Stuart Hughes is known for his expensive remakes of popular gadgets Only two of these iPhone 4s will ever be made The device has a price tag of 5 million pounds , or roughly $ 8 million
CNN  -- The passing of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez from cancer , long expected despite his condition being shrouded in secrecy , has opened a Pandora 's box of questions concerning Venezuela 's future . The Venezuelan constitution holds that power should have been given to the leader of the Venezuelan Assembly , Diosdado Cabello , once Chavez could not attend his own inauguration and new elections should have been held within 30 days . This did not happen . Now , Nicolás Maduro , current vice president and Chávez 's hand-picked successor , will likely face divisions both from within the United Socialist Party of Venezuela and the Venezuelan military to keep his hold on power . But he also is likely to receive a challenge for the presidency from Henrique Capriles , current governor of Miranda and former presidential nominee , when and if an election is held . Conflict among the United Socialist Party of Venezuela , the military and the opposition will largely determine whether Venezuela has a smooth and peaceful transition or one that descends into violence as various factions lobby for power . Since winning his first election in December 1998 , Chávez dramatically reoriented Venezuela 's government and economy . His efforts have particularly focused on poverty reduction , providing housing and health services for the poor . Although Venezuelan poverty data are heavily disputed , most figures show poverty has indeed fallen . World Bank statistics show a decline from 50 percent of the population in 1999 to 32 percent in 2011 . Inequality has declined as well ; Venezuela has the most equal income distribution in Latin America . News : Chavez leaves a revolutionary legacy The Venezuelan economy has not fared as well , with economic growth from 1999-2010 averaging a mere 2.7 % , according to International Monetary Fund figures . This stands out , given the strong economic performance of other Latin American economies during this time and high global oil prices since the mid-2000s ; oil exports comprise roughly 95 percent of export earnings for Venezuelans . Despite this windfall , the Chávez government has done little to diversify the country away from its oil-dependence . At the same time , by using oil proceeds to fund social initiatives at home , support for Cuba and other regional initiatives , such as PetroCaribe , which provides oil to mostly Caribbean countries on generous repayment terms , oil production has declined nearly 25 percent since 2001 . The state-owned Petróleos de Venezuela , S.A. lacks capital to maintain existing production or exploit new reserves , notably the oil-rich Orinoco Belt . This , and the horrible mismanagement of the company , have destroyed what was once Venezuela 's industrial shining star . And now , with Chávez 's death , a power vacuum has opened in Venezuela . Under the political coalition of Mesa de la Unidad Democrática  the Democratic Unity Roundtable  and Capriles , the Venezuelan opposition is the most united it has been under Chávez . But Capriles ' 11-point defeat in October 's presidential election , coupled with Chávez 's allies winning 20 of 23 gubernatorial elections in December , underscores the fact that the opposition still holds little power . Vice President Nicolás Maduro may not have the current president 's appeal with Venezuelans , but he will still head a party with considerable influence . At the same time , the reaction of the Venezuelan military will be key to the transition . The military can be organized into three camps : one is the institutional group , focused on the effectiveness of the military and largely non-politicized , and then there is the constitutional camp . With Chávez 's death , Diosdado Cabello , current president of the National Assembly , would preside over the country while new elections are called in 30 days . Speculation is rampant that Cabello , a former Venezuelan soldier who participated in the 1992 coup with Chávez , has stronger support within the military and they may push him as the next candidate . Finally , there is the pro-Chávez camp that has committed itself to the revolution and will likely follow the late president 's wishes and push for Maduro . iReport : Tyrant or hero ? Chávez allies have reason to be worried . Under PetroCaribe , members received generous terms for oil purchases , with payments as low as 5 % of market value , and the remainder paid off through generous loan terms spread over 25 years . Even better , payment could be made in manufactured goods , with a barter system replacing payments in numerous instances . Cuba has been the prime beneficiary , receiving roughly 100,000 barrels of oil per day , which meets two-thirds of its daily requirement . If Venezuela 's next leader were to end the program , or even reduce the generous terms , many countries would see a shock as import bills rise  not to mention having to face a public forced to pay much higher energy prices  . Absent Chávez 's leadership , the Bolivarian Alliance of the Americas might also find itself increasingly marginalized . Extra-regional actors that have recently gained a foothold in Latin America could find themselves losing influence . Iran in particular will have lost its biggest supporter in the region and may find future efforts to engage stymied without Chávez 's popular support . The Russian government , which has benefited from Venezuela 's recent arms purchases , will likely find itself with a reduced footprint in Latin America as well . Furthermore , other Chavez-supported regimes throughout the world , from Bashar al-Assad in Syria to the North Korean government , will likely feel the effects of his death . For the United States , oil supplies could be an important concern . While Venezuelan imports have decreased in importance in recent years , falling to 8 % of imports in 2011 , it remains the fourth-biggest supplier to the U.S. market . If the transition were to turn violent and exports dropped , U.S. consumers could face higher prices and U.S. economic growth could take a hit . Chavez 's passing also opens questions on narco-trafficking in Venezuela . Transnational crime has flourished under Chávez , with Venezuela serving as a major hub for shipment of illegal narcotics . Not only has Venezuelan cooperation with the United States declined , the United States has also added several high-level Venezuelan officials to its Foreign Narcotics Kingpin list , including former defense minister Henry Rangel Silva , for their complicity with transnational crime organizations and support for the FARC . A prolonged struggle for power would likely give these groups even greater space to operate within Venezuela . At the same time , this could produce spillover effects in Colombia , whose recent security gains , with the help of U.S. assistance through Plan Colombia , may be tested if the FARC can move more freely between the two countries . If there is a transition and new elections are called for in the coming months , regional leaders will need to play a key role in calling for a peaceful and democratic transition . The United States -- with Mexico , Brazil , Colombia , and Canada -- should urge for free and fair elections . Undoubtedly , Venezuela will remain divided no matter the next president , but fair and transparent elections will help ensure the next administration has the political capital to tackle needed reforms -- from a stagnant economy to rising crimes rates , rampant transnational crime and the rebuilding of the nation 's powerful state-owned oil company -- that will benefit all Venezuelans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Meacham .	Carl Meacham : With Chavez 's death , Venezuela faces difficult transition He says Chavez helped reduce poverty , but at cost to economy as he mismanaged oil wealth He says now power vacuum pits opposition against Chavez-picked VP ; military will be key Meacham : Chavez-backed regimes will feel impact ; other nations must urge fair elections
CNN  -- As one of the most anticipated games of 2011 , "  Marvel vs. Capcom 3 : Fate of Two Worlds "  Capcom  does n't disappoint with new characters , a story line with uber-villain Galactus and a new mode designed to make it easy to get involved in the action . After a 10-year hiatus , the popular fighting game brings the battle zones into the third dimension . While action remains in two dimensions , the characters are generated in 3-D and provide for a more robust visual image of the fighting . Each fight can be one-on-one or tag-team , with three characters on each side . One of the biggest question marks as the game 's release neared was who would be in and who would be left off of the Marvel and Capcom casts . Seth Killian , special combat adviser for Capcom , said the company wanted to achieve a balance between Japanese and Western characters . "  We wanted to include the fan faves -LSB- from Japan -RSB- as well as the key characters from Marvel , " he said . "  But we also wanted to include some fringe characters that have n't been featured before to appeal to each audience . " Thirty-six characters are playable right away , with two more available as downloadable content . Signature characters like Spider-Man and Ryu make their return , but only comic book fans may recognize some of the other characters . "  We included the Super-Skrull because we could n't have the Fantastic Four and we wanted to have them represented somehow , " Killian said . "  We chose Marvel characters that Japanese fans would think were cool . " Killian said each character has unique and special fighting abilities , so one character does n't feel or act like another . Capcom characters are defined by their moves , he said , while the Marvel characters are defined by their powers . That structure helped balance out the game and make it fun . "  With so many moves and abilities , it becomes more strategic , " he said . "  Which characters can I choose to cover up some weaknesses , or do I just play to my strengths ? It is up to the player to figure out how to use them . " The fighting system , while criticized in past versions for the complex button mashing and joystick gyrations required to achieve moves , has also been retooled . In an effort to gain fans and reach out to more casual players , the game can be played in simple mode , where only three buttons are needed to attack an opponent . This affords new fans who may be familiar with the characters , but not the game , the ability to get into the action right away . "  We really wanted to make the game easy to get into , " Killian said . "  Simple mode gives you three attack buttons : light , medium and heavy . There is also one ` hyper combo ' and two special attacks . That 's it . By contrast , -LSB- Capcom character -RSB- Dante has 35 different attacks in the normal mode . " A "  mission mode " helps players learn the normal attacks , if they want to . The missions take characters through different stages where they work on a particular attack to get its sequences right . Using attacks in particular combinations increases the player 's power bar , which grants hyper combos and team combos in three-on-three action . Killian said designers added a behind-the-scenes feature called hit-stun scaling that prevents infinite combo loops . "  It took us three years to develop the game , and a lot of that time goes into balance and technical , " he said . "  We 've designed it for the long term and really think fans are going to enjoy how it plays . " Arcade mode is where the story line comes in . Each universe 's top bad guy -- Dr. Doom for Marvel and Albert Wesker  from "  Resident Evil "  for Capcom -- decides to join forces to beat the good guys and rule their respective domains . However , as big , evil plans often turn out , their efforts are recognized by someone even more powerful than they are : the world eater Galactus . Galactus decides he wants both worlds , and the heroes and villains from each must unite to defeat him . Teams of three characters each do battle against each other to determine who will be strong enough to take on the galactic titan . Killian said a unique ending sequence plays out for each character after the final battle , and each has alternate uniforms and dialogue that are unique to the character 's persona . Nonplayable characters will also make appearances during the story line to add flavor and interest in the mission . Characters also have powers and abilities that come out only during specific times in a battle . For example , Marvel 's Phoenix will transform to Dark Phoenix after her life bar runs down . This includes more powerful attacks but costs Dark Phoenix in life points as time goes on . "  Marvel vs. Capcom 3 " does n't fail to impress . The way difficulty can be scaled down should win over new fans while allowing more advanced fighting players to jump right in . Simple mode took me through the battles quickly and let me get familiar with some of the new abilities and characters . Jumping into mission mode helped me learn moves that I utilized in normal mode and made the action even more vibrant . Capcom also hit the mark with interesting voice and movement additions for each character that really heighten enjoyment of the game . Deadpool 's taunting and breaking the fourth wall to speak directly to the player were unexpected and very funny . Sure , some are going to quibble over which characters were included and which were left out . But with 36 to choose from , it will be hard for players to not find a character from either universe they 'll enjoy playing . It all works and will provide hours of enjoyment , even after Galactus is defeated . And with more downloadable content promised , we wo n't have to wait 10 more years to use Hadouken  for the uninitiated , that 's a special attack  on new opponents . "  Marvel vs. Capcom 3 : Fate of Two Worlds " is rated T for teens . It was released this week for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 consoles . This review was done with the Xbox 360 version .	"  Marvel vs. Capcom , " the popular fighting game , returns after 10 years Revised fighting system allows beginners to start playing right away Thirty-six characters are playable , with others available for download
CNN  -- Security forces were burning the bodies of the dead this week in a Jamaican neighborhood ravaged by a failed attempt to arrest a suspected drug kingpin , according to residents , who said their entire neighborhood had been a war zone . Kingston 's deputy police commissioner , Glenmore Hinds , denied the reports . "  We have no evidence of any body been burned , " Hinds said Thursday . "  There is absolutely no evidence to suggest that any of the bodies been burned . " Jamaican authorities launched an all-out attempt to arrest Christopher "  Dudus " Coke over the weekend , but they were met by barricades and gunfire that resulted in at least 67 deaths and the arrests of hundreds , mostly on weapons charges . "  Our best information is that he has not been arrested , " Hinds said . "  His whereabouts , I can not tell you . " Throughout the week , a discrepancy between the government 's body count and that of local media raised eyebrows . Some residents of Tivoli Gardens , where much of the violence was focused , told CNN they fear the authorities are trying to cover up its extent . None of the residents who spoke with CNN would agree to use their names , fearing reprisal from the authorities . One man told CNN on Wednesday he could see the burning from his window , which overlooks the front of the public works compound . "  I literally saw them wrap up men in sheets and put tires on them and burn them , " one man told CNN . The men were already dead , he said . He said he was shocked by what he 'd seen . "  Never known Jamaica would become like this , " he said , adding that he 'd seen soldiers searching houses to see who lives where and taking men and women outside to separate places . When the shooting started , he said he hid under his bed . "  We are decent people living here , and they are shooting everywhere , " he said . Another resident called the violence a "  war " and said she saw teenage boys picking up bodies . "  And they are not finished yet , " she said . "  They say they have more bodies to collect . ... 70 maybe . " "  Some of the bodies " -- maybe 5 or 6 -- "  were burnt up " by police , she said . By Wednesday , she said , "  War done . Nobody is here , just women , old people and little youths . " Another man described police dragging people from their homes and beating them . "  Happened to me , too , " said the Tivoli Gardens resident , who has since fled to another neighborhood . "  Kick me down in the gully and made dirty water enter my mouth . I am traumatized . " "  Whole heap of people dead , " he said . "  They are burning some bodies and sending the rest away , do n't know what they do with the rest . They are cleaning up . ... The police and military man . No war is going on in Tivoli , it 's just them alone . They are in there , in house on rooftops . They are cleaning up . They move all the sandbags and making it look like something else . The whole place mash up . " He guessed he had seen 100 to 150 bodies , but could n't say for sure because of "  the way they were stacked up , nuff people dead . They are running them out in white vans , covering bodies in white sheets . " All three residents said Tivoli Gardens is in ruins . Journalists reported being unable to get into the shattered neighborhood at the beginning of the week , but on Thursday , security forces whisked reporters through an area of Tivoli Gardens they said was under government control . There , the neighborhood was quiet but the buildings were pocked with bullet holes and the streets littered with the remains of barricades . The tour was fast , officials said , because the area remained volatile . Hinds said Thursday that 73 bodies had been recovered from the battle sites , but six , he said , may not have died from the violence . All , he said , were civilians . "  But civilians are sometimes gunmen and gunwomen , " he said . CNN 's Christine Theodorou , Ben Brumfield , Rafael Romo and Nadine Drummond contributed to this report .	Officials deny any bodies have been burned Witnesses say dozens of bodies lay in the streets Official death count is at 67 Reporters whisked through portion of Tivoli Gardens
CNN  -- Two teenage girls accused of aggravated stalking in the case of a young Florida girl who jumped to her death no longer face criminal charges , lawyers said Wednesday . Attorney Jose Baez , the attorney for the younger of the two girls , said the state had dropped the felony charge against her in the bullying case of Rebecca Sedwick , who was 12 when she committed suicide in September . "  We are very pleased that the state attorney 's office ... has decided to do the right thing , " Baez said , adding that he was convinced that his client had never done anything criminal . Baez said the girl was deeply affected by Sedwick 's death and had been bullied herself . The girl , 13 , has been in counseling , he said . "  There is zero evidence of any stalking in this case , " he said . Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said he was "  exceptionally pleased with the outcome of the case . " "  We see the children are going to get the services that they need , " Judd said , referring to counseling services . "  That 's the best outcome for juveniles . " Another girl , 14 , also had her charges dropped . "  My client and her family are relieved by the state attorney 's decision today , " attorney Andrea DeMichael said . "  She is hopeful about her future and is attempting to turn this tragic event into something positive . " A member of the state attorney 's office said he could not comment on cases involving juveniles and referred CNN to defense lawyers . Opinion : Should parents be criminally liable for kids ' cyberbullying ? Months of cyberabuse reportedly drove Rebecca to climb up the ladder of a pair of silos at an abandoned concrete plant in September . She had already cut open her wrists in December but survived that suicide attempt . Legal experts had said the charges filed in the case could serve as a "  tipping point , " inspiring similar felony charges against other suspected adolescent bullies . At some schools , ` Big Brother ' is watching	NEW : Legal experts had said the case could inspire similar felony prosecutions The two girls were cleared of stalking allegations , their attorneys say There was ` zero evidence ' , defense attorney Jose Baez says Rebecca Sedwick , 12 , jumped to her death in September
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A singer known as "  Black Madam " has been charged with murder in the death of a British woman who was injected with silicone at a Philadelphia hotel room last year , the city 's district attorney Tuesday . Padge Victoria Windslowe , 42 , is already in police custody on separate charges stemming from another alleged illegal cosmetic procedure , also involving a silicone injection . The British woman -- Claudia Aderotimi , 20 -- died in February 2011 from a pulmonary embolism because of complications from a silicone injection to her buttocks , according to the district attorney 's office . The cause of her death had previously remained uncertain . Aderotimi came to the United States from England after seeing an online advertisement for body enhancements by Windslowe , according to the district attorney 's office . Police said Aderotimi paid $ 1,800 for buttocks enhancements that were performed in a hotel room , then experienced chest pains shortly after the silicone injection and died a short time later . Singer sought for questioning in cosmetic procedure death Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams announced Tuesday that Windslowe has been charged with third-degree murder in Aderotimi 's death , as well as conspiracy , reckless endangerment , possessing an instrument of crime and unauthorized practice of medicine . "  Padge Windslowe 's arrogance and blatant disregard for human life is shocking , " Williams said in a statement . "  Her conduct cost one young woman her life and placed countless others in danger . The defendant put her own greed above the public 's health and safety , and instead of being remorseful , she bragged about prospective clients . " A phone call to Windslowe 's attorney , Christopher Mannix , for comment was not immediately returned . Windslowe was arrested in March before she was about to host a "  pumping party , " at which people pay for illegal silicone injections , police said . She was being held on $ 750,000 bail on charges of aggravated assault and deceptive business practices after an illegal injection of silicone was pumped into the buttocks of a 23-year-old woman in February , police said . The woman ended up in intensive care with possible silicone in her lung after paying $ 1,000 for the procedure , police said . Underground cosmetic procedures have become a growing concern for health regulators . Investigators have had a difficult time tracking these procedures because they are performed by unlicensed providers . What really killed the beauty queen ? "  It 's hard to tell how many people are utilizing that -LSB- type -RSB- of service , " Tina Tan , a New Jersey state epidemiologist , said . Tan has heard reports of caulk and other products being used in the injections , as well as injection substances being purchased outside of medical supply stores , she said . Not surprisingly , injecting these materials can result in serious health complications and death , she warned . "  In our cluster , these patients had to be hospitalized , " she said , adding that such injections should be done by licensed health providers . "  We do not recommend going in a hotel room with people who you do n't know their credentials . " The risks of cosmetic surgery	Singer known as ` Black Madam ' charged with third-degree murder in death of woman British woman , 20 , died in 2011 after silicone injection at Philadelphia hotel room Padge Victoria Windslowe already jailed on other charges Those charges stem from another alleged illegal cosmetic procedure
CNN  -- Country music artist and sausage entrepreneur Jimmy Dean died at his home in Varina , Virginia , Sunday evening , police said . He was 81 . Dean , a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame , was with his wife , Donna , at the time of his death , which appears to be from natural causes , said R.J. Clark of the Henrico County Police department . Musically , Dean is best known for his song "  Big Bad John , " which made it to No. 1 on both the country and pop charts in 1961 and was honored with a Grammy . His narrative style of song also produced hits like "  Little Black Book " and "  P.T. 109 " -- a song about John F. Kennedy 's command in the South Pacific during World War II . Starting in 1963 , he hosted a successful variety show on ABC called "  The Jimmy Dean Show , " which ran for three years . Regulars on the program included Roger Miller and puppeteer Jim Henson , making Rowlf -- a piano-playing dog -- an early Muppet favorite . In the late 1960s Dean also appeared regularly on the NBC series "  Daniel Boone . " He played Boone 's friend Josh Clements . At about the same time , Dean started the Jimmy Dean Meat Company . Dean eventually sold his meat company to Sara Lee Foods in 1984 , but remained its chairman and TV spokesman , which kept him in the public eye until recent years . Dean was born Seth Ward in Olton , Texas , on August 10 , 1928 . His mom taught him piano starting at age 10 , but he also learned how to play the guitar , harmonica , and accordion . After his discharge from the Air Force in 1948 he put together a band called the Texas Wildcats and played in the Washington , D.C. , area "  We played every dive in Washington at one time or another , " Dean said in his biography on the Country Music Hall of Fame website . "  And dives is what they were . " Dean was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame this year . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Dean was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame this year After his music career , Dean became known for his line of smoked sausage "  Big Bad John " was his biggest hit
