CNN  -- This chimp and the rest of a unique population of great apes should be hanging around a bit longer thanks a new conservation commitment in Africa . The Republic of Congo government recently announced the expansion of the Nouabale-Ndoki National Park to include the Goualougo Triangle -- one of the world 's most pristine natural environments . James Deutsch , director of the World Conservation Society  WCS  Africa program said : "  Bringing the Goualougo Triangle into the borders of Nauabale-Ndoki will help conserve this landscape 's unspoiled richness and provide a safe harbor for these unique apes . " WCS , which first reported the area 's ape population back in 1989 , worked alongside the government and the country 's largest logging company to help secure the new buffer zone that protects over 100 square miles of dense swamp forest and its inhabitants . "  This invaluable insight into the sophisticated minds of Goualougo 's chimps would have been lost forever if not for this commitment of the government ... " said John Robinson , WCS executive vice-president of conservation and science . "  These chimps have greatly expanded our knowledge of chimpanzee culture . Continued work to study and protect this undisturbed population is essential , " Robinson added .	Republic of Congo extend protection of pristine natural habitat Goualougo Triangle home to unique population of great apes 100-mile plus extension of protected area guards against hunting and promotes study
CNN  -- The Italian navy has rescued about 6,000 people in the past four days from more than 40 overcrowded boats in the Mediterranean , the United Nations ' refugee agency said Friday . Its figures give a new indication of the scale of the challenge faced by Italian authorities in keeping up with the flow of migrants seeking to reach European soil . About 18,000 people have arrived by sea in Italy so far this year , while in 2013 , the number of arrivals was near 43,000 , the UNHCR said . Of those who arrived last year , the largest group , more than 11,300 , were Syrians fleeing the conflict in their homeland . Of those picked up off the Italian islands of Sicily and Calabria in the past four days , a large number were women and children , including newborns and unaccompanied minors , UNHCR spokeswoman Melissa Fleming said in a prepared statement Friday . Many were fleeing violence , conflict and persecution , the statement said . The migrants , who had set off from Zwara , in Libya , in search of safety within the European Union , have now been taken to Italian ports . The UNHCR has urged countries to work together to rescue people at sea at the same time as looking for legal migration channels that will prevent people from risking their lives at sea . "  The Mediterranean is one of the busiest seaways in the world , as well as a dangerous sea frontier for many asylum-seekers trying to find safety in Europe , " the statement said . "  The challenges of protecting refugees traveling irregularly by sea in search of safety , often together with people moving for other reasons , are complex . " The agency also says that the reception centers in which asylum seekers are held after they are rescued must be adequate . Last October , the world was shocked by the deaths of hundreds of people in shipwrecks off Italy 's coasts . More than 300 died in one shipwreck alone off the tiny island of Lampedusa . The Italian government set up a rescue operation after that tragedy , the UNHCR said , which has saved more than 20,000 people at sea .	The migrants were picked up from more than 40 overcrowded boats in the Mediterranean About 18,000 people have arrived by sea in Italy so far this year , the UNHCR says Last year , nearly 43,000 migrants reached Italy , more than a quarter of them from Syria
CNN  -- Comedian George Carlin , known for pushing the envelope with his use of profanity and for pointing out the silliness and hypocrisy of human life , died of heart failure Sunday . He was 71 . iReporter Kevin Eckhoff met George Carlin at a show in St. Louis , Missouri , in 2004 . iReporter Chris Sargent says , "  He could play with words and phrases in ways that would put the most highly regarded English professors and linguists to shame . " CNN.com invited readers to share tales of meeting Carlin , and the impact he had on their lives . Below is a selection of their responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Melanie Phillips of Salem , Oregon : I met George Carlin in the early '70s at a performance he gave at Los Angeles Valley College . The large auditorium was filled to capacity so they closed the doors leaving about 40 people outside . When Carlin came up on stage he asked , "  Who are all those people staring in the windows ? " The host told him the fire marshal had locked them out . Carlin thought for a moment then asked , "  How many people are allowed to be on stage ? " The legal limit was 50 . The comedian turned to the audience and said , "  Forty of you people in the first few rows come up on stage and give those people outside your seats . " My friend and I ran up on stage and we all gathered in a circle around him , like at a campfire . For the next 90 minutes , Carlin did his entire act by taking our requests , "  Hippy Dippy Weatherman , " "  Seven Words ... " After the show was over , he passed through our little circle , shaking hands  including mine  as he quickly made his way off stage to avoid being swamped by fans . It was one of my most memorable experiences and a grand gesture for the 40 fans who had been locked out . Alexis Karlin of Boston , Massachusetts : When I was little my dad had this box car and one day he put a George Carlin tape in it and it got stuck . So for a year until the car died we listened to this George Carlin tape over and over and over again . ... I wo n't miss that car but I will miss George Carlin . Chris Sargent of Laurel , Maryland : Last night , the world 's greatest comedian and champion of the First Amendment , George Carlin , died at the age of 71 from heart failure . He was one of the few things my father and I had in common , as I have fond memories of sitting in the living room with him , watching George on HBO , and laughing our a *** s off . His gift was to make us think about everything . He could play with words and phrases in ways that would put the most highly regarded English professors and linguists to shame . Kevin Eckhoff of Jacksonville , Illinois : George was in classic form as he arrived for a show in late 2004 at the Touhill Performing Arts Center in St. Louis . This was my second time meeting George . He signed the photo from our first meeting , took this new photo , and then proceeded to begin signing my friend 's albums . Before he started , he paused , fanned out the records , looked at each , and in his own special way said , "  You know , I go from city to city and you guys  autograph collectors  always have my records in such great shape . Just where the **** do you get these records in such pristine condition ? " We all busted out laughing . We 'll miss you George ! Thanks for a great memory .	CNN.com readers share their memories of Carlin , his comedy Carlin once invited fans to sit on stage so more people could see his show Alexis Karlin says for a year , a Carlin tape was stuck in her dad 's car stereo iReport.com : Share your tales , memories of comedy great George Carlin
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that Israel can not negotiate with the government of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas while it is backed by Hamas . "  I call on President Abbas : Tear up your pact with Hamas , " Netanyahu said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  We 're not going to negotiate with a government backed by Hamas unless Hamas changes its position and says it 's willing to recognize Israel , " he said . Netanyahu 's comments come four days after the Abbas-led Palestinian movement Fatah , which controls the West Bank and dominates the Palestinian Authority , said it would attempt to form a unity government with Hamas , the militant Islamic group that controls Gaza . Hamas has n't recognized Israel 's right to exist , and Israel canceled scheduled peace talks after Wednesday 's announcement . Netanyahu said that if Israel can not reach peace with Palestinians through an agreement , "  we 'll seek other ways " to achieve peace . "  I 'm not going to accept a stalemate , " he said . But Palestinian lawmaker Hanan Ashrawi swiftly criticized Netanyahu 's "  extremely cynical " declaration . Ashrawi accused the Israeli leader of trying to torpedo the peace process by expanding Israeli settlements in the West Bank , where most of a projected Palestinian state would be located , and maintaining the Israeli blockade of Gaza . "  He did everything possible to undermine the talks , and now he is using the pretext of reunification in order to say ` You do n't qualify , ' " Ashrawi said . She dismissed Netanyahu 's assertion that he remained interested in a settlement of the decades-old conflict as "  lip service . " "  We judge by his actions , " she said . "  He has been systematically dismantling the process , systematically destroying its very foundations and systematically destroying the very objective , which is a two-state solution , by stealing the land of the Palestinian state . Very simply , if he is serious then he will act in a way that will demonstrate his seriousness . " In the interview Sunday , Netanyahu praised the efforts of U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry over the past nine months , saying the United States has been "  indispensable " in pushing for peace . "  I appreciate Secretary Kerry 's unbelievable efforts , " he said . "  They do n't always succeed -- unfortunately , President Abbas made sure of that by embracing Hamas . But I have to credit John Kerry for his efforts . " Netanyahu also voiced skepticism over comments by Abbas released Sunday in which the Palestinian leader called the Holocaust the most heinous crime in modern human history . Abbas "  ca n't have it both ways , " by calling the Holocaust the most heinous crime in modern history while embracing Hamas , a "  terrorist organization that openly denies the Holocaust , " Netanyahu said . He suggested Abbas ' remarks , released by his office , were an attempt to placate Western public opinion in the wake of Fatah 's step toward Hamas . The Palestinian territories of Gaza and the West Bank have been run separately for seven years . The split began taking shape in 2006 when Hamas , participating in Palestinian polls for the first time , won a majority in the Palestinian parliament . The Palestinian Authority formed a coalition government with Hamas that year , with Abbas retaining the presidency and Hamas member Ismail Haniya becoming prime minister . But when Abbas dissolved the government in 2007 , Hamas seized control of Gaza , and Haniya became Gaza 's de facto political leader . The West for years has shown support to Fatah and warned it not to join hands with militant Hamas , which several countries , including the United States , have deemed a terrorist organization .	Netanyahu was never serious about peace talks , Palestinian official says Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel wo n't take part in negotiations backed by Hamas "  I call on President Abbas : Tear up your pact with Hamas , " Netanyahu says Netanyahu says he will "  seek other ways " to achieve peace if necessary
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It does n't have the brutality of rugby or the physical intimidation of a boxing match , yet sailing is still one of the most dangerous sports in the world . Capsized : This French catamaran flipped near New Zealand while attempting to win the Jules Verne Trophy . This danger is never more evident than in the epic Volvo Ocean Race . The round-the-world event which begins this month in Alicante , Spain , always throws up its fair share of drama as the crews face all types of conditions right through to the race finish around July 2009 . To give an idea of the extreme dangers this year 's crews will face over the coming nine months , here is a look at some of the worst tragedies to strike yacht racing . There 's no question about it : this is no sport for the faint-hearted . September 2008 Régates Royales-Trophée Panerai Death toll : One Wilfrid Tolhurst was killed during the famous Régates Royales-Trophée Panerai yacht race off Cannes that sees the major classic yachts in the Mediterranean gather . Skippering the eight-meter yacht , Safir , in the coastal race , Tolhurst was struck by the boat 's falling mast that broke off under the impact of a collision with another boat , Rowdy . Although rescue crews reacted quickly to bring the skipper ashore , nothing could be done to save his life . A police inquiry is currently in progress to determine the cause of the incident . September 2008 Sean Whiston Perpetual Cup Race Death toll : One Kenneth Jones  46  lost his life while sailing in a race from Wicklow to the Poolbeg Yacht Club in Dublin , Ireland . It was not clear what caused the incident , however , a mayday was issued by the yacht Allanah , stating that there was ' a man in the water . ' Jones was lifted from the water and transferred to Tallaght Hospital where he later died . May 2006 Volvo Ocean Race Death toll : One During the seventh leg of the race Hans Horrevoets , 32 , of The Netherlands was swept overboard from ABN Amro Two in heavy seas . Although he was recovered from the water , attempts to resuscitate him were not successful . The savage storm that hit the fleet could easily have claimed more lives . The crew of Movistar abandoned ship after the aft end of their keel pivot broke away from their hull in the night -- less than 48 hours after Horrevoets died . The crew transferred to ABN Amro Two which had been standing by and was escorted by HMS Mersey back to land . December 1998 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : Six One of the saddest events in yachting history began at Sydney Harbor on December 26 , 1998 , when the annual Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race set off . Fierce storms and violent winds battered the 115-strong fleet in the famously tough event off the eastern coast of Australia and only 44 boats made it to the finish line at Hobart . Met by the massive storms , five boats sank , 66 boats retired from the race , six sailors died , and 55 sailors were taken off their yachts , most by helicopter . Among those who died were ; Mike Bannister  Winston Churchill  , Glyn Charles  Sword of Orion  , John Dean  Winston Churchill  , Bruce Guy  Business Post Naiad  , Jim Lawler  Winston Churchill  , Phillip Skeggs  Business Post Naiad  . The vessels ; Winston Churchill , VC Offshore Stand Aside , Sword of Orion , Miintinta , and Midnight Special all sank . 1989 Whitbread Round the World Race Death toll : One Competing boat Creighton 's Naturally suffered a serious broach in the early hours of one morning during the second leg of the race , at about three in the morning . Crew members Anthony  Tony  Philips and Bart van den Dwey were swept over board . Both were pulled back on deck and although Van den Dwey was successfully resuscitated , after three hours of trying , crew members could not revive Philips . Several days later , by radio agreement with his relatives , Philips was buried at sea . December 1989 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One Peter Taylor , crew member aboard BP Flying Colours suffered fatal head injuries when a runner on his vessel broke and the rig collapsed in gale-force south westerly winds . December 1988 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One In another grueling race 38 of the 119 starters retired , nearly half of them with broken masts or damaged rigging . Ray Crawford aboard Billabong was killed . December 1984 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One Wally Russell of Yahoo II died during the 1984 edition of the race , which was hit by a low pressure system that created two different swell patterns . August 1979 Fastnet Yacht Race Death toll : Fifteen Huge storms in the Irish Sea wreaked havoc on more than 300 yachts taking part in the biennial race , resulting in 15 deaths and one of the worst yacht race disasters of all time . The race was well regarded after being established in 1925 , and in 1979 was the climax of the five-race Admiral 's Cup competition . As the storms battered the fleet , naval ships , lifeboats , commercial boats , and helicopters from the west side of the English Channel were brought to aid what was the largest peace-time rescue operation . The rescue effort saw 125 sailors , whose boats had been caught in force 11 storm strength wind gusts , taken to safety , while 15 people could not be saved . In total 69 yachts did not finish the race . December 1975 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One Zilvergeest III 's Hugh  Barry  Vallance was killed during the 1975 event , despite reasonably good sailing conditions . September 1973 Whitbread Round the World Race Death toll : Three The first race started off from Portsmouth , England on September 8 , 1973 . Seventeen yachts of various sizes and shapes took part . During the race three sailors were swept over board and died : Paul Waterhouse , Dominique Guillet and Bernie Hosking . Waterhouse and Guillet were never to be seen again .	Volvo Ocean Race begins in Alicantes , Spain in October Sailors have died in yacht races as recently as September of this year The 1979 Fastnet yacht race saw 15 people die in huge storms
The gunman who killed at least two people and then himself in an office building in southern California is a 48-year-old man from the nearby town of Norco , authorities said Saturday . He was identified as Andre Turner . Those slain Friday were Henry Serrano , 56 , of Walnut , California ; and Robert Lindsay , 53 , of Chino , California , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office said . The building is occupied by Southern California Edison , one of the nation 's largest electric utilities , serving almost 14 million people , according to a company statement . The victims were employees from Southern California Edison , as was the gunman , the company said in a statement Saturday . "  This is one of the most horrible days in our company 's history , " Ted Craver , chairman and CEO of Southern California Edison , said in a written statement Friday . More than 200 employees work in the building , mostly in information technologies , utility spokesman Gil Alexander said . "  This is , of course , first and foremost a tragedy , and our thoughts and prayers go out to the families affected , " Alexander said . "  We 're all anxious to find out what happened . " Two nearby schools , Walnut Elementary School and Olive Middle School in Irwindale , went into lockdown during the incident , said Laura LaTurno with the Baldwin Park superintendent 's office .	The gunman was also an employee of Southern California Edison , company says Authorities identify the three dead The shooting occurred in southern California The victims were Southern California Edison employees
From the outside , the home at 2207 Seymour Avenue looked like most any other in Cleveland 's Westside neighborhood . From the inside , it looked like hell . There were the makeshift alarms rigged to the front and back doors . The porch swing blocking a stairway . Heavy fabric obstructing the kitchen and the second floor . A plastic toilet in a bedroom . Doors without handles , but with padlocks , dead bolts and slide locks . Solid wood covering second-floor windows , assuring no light would enter even on bright , sunny days . And there were the restraints -- duct tape , plastic zip ties , metal chains fastened to a basement pole and bedroom walls -- to ensure that Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus would n't leave . But , despite Ariel Castro 's efforts , they did . On May 6 , Berry alerted passers-by by banging on the front door then crawling out with her 6-year-old daughter . Police officers arrived and went upstairs , where Knight jumped into their arms -- holding them tight and thanking them for ending her 11 years of terror . A pale , quiet DeJesus emerged from a room a short time later . Today , all three women are free . And Castro is paying a price for what he did : life in prison without parole and 1,000 years , as finalized in a Cleveland court Thursday . Castro sentenced to life plus 1,000 years The sentence follows a deal in which Castro agreed to plead guilty to 937 charges to avoid a trial and a possible death penalty . The prosecution did n't have to present evidence Thursday , but they did -- laying out in vivid detail the twisted torment that Knight , DeJesus , Berry and Berry 's young daughter , fathered by Castro , went through -- in testimony , impact statements and a sentencing memorandum . "  The days never got shorter , " said Knight , the lone victim to speak in court . "  The nights turned into days . The days turned into years . The years turned into eternity . " Lured into home , restrained and assaulted It started on August 22 , 2002 , when Castro saw the then 21-year-old Knight at a Family Dollar store . She was trying to find the social worker in charge of her son , then not even 2 1/2 years old , Cleveland police Det. Andrew Harasimchuk testified . Knight asked around for directions , and Castro responded that he knew where to go . Knight knew his daughter , Emily , so she took up his offer for a ride . They ended up at the Seymour Avenue home Castro had bought a decade earlier . Did Knight want to go inside to get a puppy for her son , Castro asked ? She did , and went in . But instead of giving her a puppy , Castro tied her up with an extension cord . A few hours later , Knight was taken down to the basement , where she was restrained with a chain and with plastic ties around her wrists , said Harasimchuk , his department 's lead investigator on the case . Castro put a motorcycle helmet over her head . And then he sexually assaulted her -- for the first of what would be scores of times . Michelle Knight : ` After 11 years , I 'm finally being heard ' The following April , Castro spotted Amanda Berry walking along a Cleveland street in her Burger King . She was 16 ; he was 42 . Did Berry know his son , who 'd also worked at Burger King ? What about his daughter Angie ? Berry said she knew them both , and she accepted his offer for a ride after he told her Angie was at Castro 's home . Berry went in , but saw no sign of her friend , ending up in an upstairs bedroom . Berry asked to go home and when Castro did n't comply , she tried to run away -- her exit stopped when she slammed into a closet instead . Then Castro sexually assaulted her , putting duct tape over her wrists , legs and mouth and a motorcycle helmet over her head . Berry was carried to the basement and tied to a chain attached to a center support pole . A third , eerily similar chapter of this story played out about a year later . This time the victim -- Gina DeJesus -- was younger , at age 14 . And she was even closer to Castro 's family , as one of his daughter Arlene 's best friends . That spring afternoon , DeJesus and Arlene Castro had been together and hoped to spend the afternoon at DeJesus ' house . When that plan did n't pan out , the two walked separate ways . Ariel Castro spotted the two together , then apart . He admitted driving past his daughter to get to DeJesus . She got in the car after he asked for help finding his daughter , then got out of it when he asked for help carrying a speaker from his home into his car , testified Harasimchuk . Once inside , DeJesus became uncomfortable and wanted to leave . Castro steered her , unwittingly , into the basement -- where she was tied up with a chain and plastic ties and sexually assaulted . Constantly fearing for their lives The young women 's nightmares did n't end there . The sexual abuse was rampant , as was the violence and threats thereof . Castro had a gun that he 'd show to Knight , DeJesus and Berry , threatening to shoot them if they ever tried to escape , prosecutors said . At times , they 'd play Russian roulette -- where one bullet is loaded , the cylinder is spun and a person pulls the trigger to see whether the gun fires a shot . Each woman was given one meal a day . They could n't use the lone bathroom downstairs , and were allowed to shower at most twice a week . After sexually abusing them , Castro would sometimes throw money at them -- money that he 'd take back if they wanted him to get anything on the outside . "  He made them believe that their physical survival depended on him , " Cuyahoga County Prosecuting Attorney Timothy McGinty wrote in the prosecution investigation report and sentencing memorandum . "  And he threatened to end their lives if they did not comply with his every demand . " When Knight became pregnant , Castro acted . He said they devised a plan together , which ended after "  several days " following a diet of only tea and a regimen of knee bends and jumping jacks . But according to authorities , Knight  and DeJesus  explained it very differently : Castro punched , kicked and jumped on her stomach , forced her to do exercises and starved her for days . This happened multiple times , Knight told Harasimchuk , each time culminating in the loss of a baby . Castro 's guilty plea included two counts of aggravated murder . Amanda Berry also got pregnant . She was n't given any prenatal care , but was allowed to carry the baby . And on Christmas Day 2006 , the little girl was born in a plastic baby pool  to contain the mess  inside the Seymour Avenue home . Knight served as the midwife , albeit under great duress . The child was n't breathing when she emerged , until Knight breathed into her mouth . All the while , Castro loomed over her . "  I remember Michelle saying if that baby died , ` he was going to kill me ' , " recalled Cleveland police Officer Barbara Johnson , one of the two officers that went inside the home and rescued Knight , during her testimony Thursday . That baby , miraculously , survived . And so did Knight , Berry and DeJesus . "  I spent 11 years in hell , " Knight said Thursday , proclaiming herself a survivor before addressing Castro . "  Now your hell is just beginning . " ` The damage that was done does not go away ' Over all these years , Castro would go about his life -- working as a school bus driver , jamming in bands with names like Grupo Fuego and Los Boyz del Merengue , going to church on Sundays -- and return home to abuse the young women sexually , physically and emotionally again and again and again . In court on Thursday , he tried to explain his behavior by saying , "  I am not a monster . I am sick . " Castro claimed his addiction to sex had compelled him to do things he understands were "  100 % wrong , " even as he denied torturing or beating his three captives . Still , by pleading guilty to the hundreds of charges , Castro has officially admitted to committing numerous sordid crimes . Plus , the stories of the victims and the ample evidence presented by law enforcement officers paint a vivid , horrifying picture of what these women went through . So how did they make it ? While the four captives were typically kept apart , they did help and draw strength from each other . Knight , the oldest of them , served as a doctor , nurse , midwife and pediatrician for Berry and her young child , Dr. Frank Ochberg testified Thursday . And she literally put herself in between Castro and DeJesus , taking on physical and sexual abuse herself to protect her friend . In court Thursday , Knight credited DeJesus -- whom she shared a dark room measuring about 7 feet by 11 1/2 feet -- for saving her life . "  I never let her fall , and she never let me fall , " Knight said . "  She nursed me back to health when I was dying from his abuse . My friendship with Gina is the only good thing to come from this situation . " The captives kept diaries documenting the forced sex and anticipation of more abuse , the days and nights bleeding together amid the darkness , of being chained to walls and being treated like animals . And , somehow , they also kept hope . As Knight said , "  We said we 'll all get out alive some day and we did . " Ochberg , a pioneer in trauma science , lauded the three women 's survival and coping skills as "  marvelous , compelling examples of resilience , of imagination , of humanity . " Still , while they 're no longer at 2207 Seymour Avenue , their suffering from their years there is n't over , he said . "  The damage that was done does not go away . They have life sentences , " said Ochberg . " ... I think they will -- with the love and support of the whole community -- they have a good chance to live a good life . But that does n't mean that they 'll ever be free of the damage that was done . "	Four captives were freed from Ariel Castro 's Cleveland home in May All knew Castro 's children , which is a reason they took his offer for rides He abused them sexually , physically and emotionally for over a decade Castro controlled when they ate , used the bathroom and much more
CNN  As a youngster , Rohana Rozhan had a nickname that summed her up perfectly : "  Rohana the Piranha . " Even as a little girl growing up in Malaysia , the future CEO of a $ 4.6 billion media company was small but deadly . "  I was born independent , fiercely so , " 51-year-old Rozhan told CNN 's Kristie Lu-Stout . "  I always had a chip on my shoulder that I had to prove to everyone that I 'm independent . " Today she 's proved it -- and then some . Rozhan heads Astro Malaysia , one of the biggest media and entertainment firms in the region . She 's in charge of producing over 9,000 hours of original content a year -- ranging from radio broadcasts to hits on the silver screen . "  We have 52 % women working at Astro , but one of the things we are very very passionate about , is that each woman has to be the best person for the job . " "  If you grow up a good Muslim , Malay girl , one of the things you have to learn is you can be the smartest kid on the block , but you have to be respectful . " "  You have to want it , but you ca n't just want it without the work . You have to want it , yet understand , that it 's not going to be easy . " Inspire : Patricia Arquette 's rallying cry Get involved : International Women 's Day events you 'd be crazy to miss	Meet Rohana Rozhan , boss of multi-billion dollar Astro Malaysia Says secret to success is reflecting audience within workforce
Washington  CNN  -- A conservative magazine suggests Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan is "  hostile " to gun owners , based on notes she wrote in the Clinton White House in 1996 . The notes were released last week by the William J. Clinton Presidential Library . Kagan worked in the White House Counsel 's office in 1995 and 1996 . Kagan , 50 , was nominated to the high court May 10 by President Obama , and her confirmation hearings begin June 28 . The disclosure coincided with the release Friday afternoon of about 80,000 more documents . A March 1996 document is likely to stir conservative anger . In it , she labeled the Ku Klux Klan and the National Rifle Association as "  bad guy " organizations . The issue was a pending bill , the Volunteer Protection Act , which gave some volunteer workers from a range of nonprofits a measure of liability protection from lawsuits . Kagan expressed concern that certain groups might be included in a "  Cumulative List " of tax-exempt groups that would be covered under the proposed law . Kagan addressed her handwritten thoughts , based on a conversation with Clinton aide Fran Allegra , who responded that day that neither the KKK nor the NRA was on the list provided by the Internal Revenue Service . Allegra gently advised his colleague , "  We probably need to be careful about suggesting ` bad ' organizations will qualify for the provision bill as it would suggest we are allowing ` bad ' organizations to qualify for tax-exempt status . " The measure was passed into law in 1997 , but ultimately vetoed by Congress . Allegra is now a federal judge . The National Review first reported about the notes , and asked on its website , "  Is Kagan so hostile to gun rights that she would compare the top gun-rights organization in the United States with a viciously racist hate group ? " The White House issued a response Friday . "  Kagan 's notes from a conversation with DOJ Attorney Fran Allegra track an earlier memo Allegra sent to her outlining which organizations would be shielded under volunteer and nonprofit liability legislation , " said White House spokesman Ben LaBolt . "  Allegra 's memo notes that neither the KKK nor the NRA would be shielded from liability under the bill , after Democrats in Congress and others raised concerns that the provision swept too broadly . It 's simply not credible to suggest that these jotted down notes represent anything but preliminary research on legal questions about what organizations would be covered under the legislation , and the organizations discussed reflect the public debate over the legislation at that time . " The guns rights group also reacted to the Kagan notes Friday . "  How can the NRA respond to something that bizarre and outrageous ? " NRA 's Director of Public Affairs Andrew Arulanandam said in an interview with CNN . "  This is precisely the kind of stuff that needs to be aired out in the confirmation hearings , a complete airing out of where she stands on our issues . " Some 160,000 pages of documents are being reviewed from Kagan 's four years in the Clinton White House , during which , in addition to being in the counsel 's office , she also served as an adviser on the Domestic Policy Council from 1997 to 1999 . Papers from those stints have been released the past two Fridays , revealing a lawyer with a politically tuned , pragmatic approach to issues like abortion , gun control and tobacco regulation . The material is a prelude to Kagan 's much-anticipated appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee . Republicans on the panel continue to express deep concern that the weekly document releases provide little time for members to explore her work as a government lawyer , and whether they offer any clues about how she might rule as a justice on the nation 's highest court . "  We must be convinced that someone who has spent the better part of her career as a political advisor , policy advocate , and academic -- rather than as a legal practitioner or a judge -- can put aside her personal and political beliefs , and impartially apply the law , rather than be a rubberstamp for the Obama or any other Administration , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said in a floor speech Friday . "  The Clinton library documents make it harder -- not easier -- to believe that Ms. Kagan could make that necessary transition . " The White House has fashioned a low-key campaign to get Kagan confirmed , trying to avoid any public controversy that could derail her elevation to a lifetime job on the bench . The Clinton-era documents have been released on Friday afternoons , and Fridays generally are slow news days . Obama officials have refused to make Kagan available for interviews since her nomination , and she has spent her days meeting privately with senators and prepping for the hearings in a small office in the White House complex . If confirmed , Kagan would succeed retiring Justice John Paul Stevens . Before stepping down from daily involvement , she was the administration 's solicitor general , and personally argued six cases before the Supreme Court . She has no judicial experience , and conservative critics have been eagerly scanning Kagan 's record in government service and academia for signs of her possible judicial philosophy .	NEW : White house rejects criticism , calls notes "  preliminary research on legal questions " NEW : NRA 's director of public affairs calls notes "  bizarre and outrageous " William J. Clinton Presidential Library released notes last week Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan 's confirmation hearings begin June 28
CNN  -- The partnership started as a single shop on Oxford Street in London , opened in 1864 by John Lewis . Today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the UK , with supermarkets and department stores , employing approximately 67,100 people . All 67,100 permanent staff are Partners who own 26 John Lewis department stores , 183 Waitrose supermarkets , an online and catalogue business , John Lewis Direct a direct services company - Greenbee , three production units and a farm . Every Partner receives the same scale of bonus , based on a fixed percentage of their annual wage . The bonus for 2006 was 18 % equivalent to 9 weeks pay , which was rolled out for every employee . Chairman Sir Stuart Hampson retired at the end of March 2007 , his successor is Charlie Mayfield . Hampson 's salary for January 26 , 2006 to January 26 , 2007 was $ 1.66 million which included the partnership bonus of $ 250,000 . John Lewis ' consolidated revenue for the last financial year was $ 11.4 billion . E-mail to a friend	John Lewis Partnership began as a shop on London 's Oxford street in 1864 All 67,100 employees are partners in the organization and own shares
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal won a record sixth title at the Rome Masters to strike a psychological blow over Novak Djokovic ahead of the French Open . The Spaniard won 7-5 , 6-4 to help erase painful memories from last year 's final when Nadal again faced Djokovic only for the Serb to come out on top . The victory also ends a run of seven defeats for Nadal against Djokovic . "  Winning is important , when you lose you play with doubts , " Nadal told AFP after the match . "  This was an important match . I will put this trophy in my bedroom . It is a dream of confidence I am playing well . "  This comes when I play at the right level , hopefully I 'll keep playing like this . " The victory , which follows Nadal 's shock early exit in Madrid on the now-infamous blue clay , also sees the Spaniard leapfrog Roger Federer into second place in the world rankings . "  It is better two than three and three is better than four . But after eight years being in the top two , it is no big difference , " Nadal added . "  It 's normal for the rankings to change in the around Roland Garros or Wimbledon . I 'm a few points from Roger . I 'm happy about everything . " Meanwhile world number one Djokovic must pick himself up after a frustrating display in Rome . A dubious line call essentially cost him the first set whilst the Serb had six opportunities to break Nadal in the second set , only to fade and finally hand his rival the title with a double fault . "  He is always the favorite , even if I win against him seven times ; he is the best player in the world on this surface , " Djokovic told the ATP 's official website after his loss . "  I think that the match today was quite close , even if he won in straight sets . "  If you do n't use the opportunities against Rafa he gets momentum . I made a lot of errors which should not happen when you play against Nadal . I will go to Paris with confidence and I played a great week . " The French Open begins at Roland Garros Tuesday .	Rafael Nadal beat Novak Djokovic 7-5 . 6-4 in the final of the Rome Masters The victory sees Nadal leapfrog Roger Federer in to second place on the world rankings Nadal 's latest title comes less than a week until the French Open The French Open begins on Tuesday
CNN  -- President Obama said Tuesday his strategy in Afghanistan will have three objectives : deny al Qaeda a safe haven , reverse the Taliban 's momentum and strengthen Afghanistan 's security forces and government . Here is how he said he plans to achieve the goals : • Send 30,000 additional U.S. troops The U.S. will send 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in the next seven months "  so that they can target the insurgency and secure key population centers , " Obama said in his speech . Some of the new troops will help train Afghan security forces to "  create the conditions for the United States to transfer responsibility to the Afghans , " Obama said . U.S. forces could begin to leave as security responsibilities are transferred to the Afghans . Obama said he hopes to start transferring U.S. forces out of Afghanistan in July 2011 . The U.S. troop buildup also will help secure areas that go relatively uncovered by U.S. and NATO forces now . Most of the new troops are expected to be sent around the southern part of Afghanistan , divided between Helmand and Kandahar provinces . Kandahar 's one major city , also called Kandahar , is used by Taliban fighters and its leaders to hide within the population from coalition troops . One key task will be to control the major approaches to the city . Obama also said he is asking NATO allies to send more troops to Afghanistan . The new troop deployments would increase the total U.S. commitment to roughly 100,000 troops in Afghanistan , bolstered by more than 40,000 NATO forces . • Pursue a more effective civilian strategy Obama said the U.S. would work to build up programs and institutions that will benefit Afghanistan 's citizens . However , alluding to the corruption that has plagued the Afghan government , the aid "  must be based on performance , " Obama said . Corruption in Afghanistan has shaken international and domestic confidence in the government there . Even this year 's re-election of President Hamid Karzai was mired in controversy ; he was declared the winner of an August vote that was deemed tainted with ballot-stuffing . In his inauguration speech , Karzai said he 'd make the fight against corruption a top priority over the next five years . On Tuesday , Obama said that speech sent the right message , but he warned that "  the days of providing a blank check are over . " "  We will support Afghan ministries , governors and local leaders that combat corruption and deliver for the people . We expect those who are ineffective or corrupt to be held accountable , " Obama said . Obama said the U.S. would focus its assistance "  in areas -- such as agriculture -- that can make an immediate impact in the lives of the Afghan people . " The U.S. also will support Afghanistan 's efforts to reach out to Taliban fighters who want to lay down arms . Already , the U.S. has a plan to pay those fighters to quit the Taliban . There is money in the 2010 defense appropriations bill to fund a Taliban reintegration program , which essentially pays Taliban fighters to switch sides . The U.S. State Department says it plans to triple its civilian staff in Afghanistan to 974 members by early 2010 . In a speech in New York on Monday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said U.S. civilian efforts are just as critical as military operations to help Afghanistan . USAID and other U.S. government agencies also have people in Afghanistan . Clinton said experts from the U.S. Department of Agriculture are embedded with the U.S. military , and "  rule of law " experts are working to extend a justice system "  so that the Taliban would not offer the only form of justice in Afghanistan . " • Have a more robust partnership with Pakistan Taliban fighters have long been operating in the mountainous region along Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan , battling U.S. and Afghan government forces on one side and Pakistani troops on the other . It is not clear whether any of the additional troops will be sent to the Pakistan border , where the U.S. tries to stop Taliban and al Qaeda forces from moving between the two countries . About 4,000 U.S. Special Forces troops are in eastern Afghanistan , hunting al Qaeda leaders . Any plan to bolster Afghanistan must also work to help Pakistan , Obama said . "  We will strengthen Pakistan 's capacity to target these groups that threaten our countries , " Obama said . "  America is also providing substantial resources to support Pakistan 's democracy and development . " In the past , Obama said , some in Pakistan have argued that the struggle against the Taliban and other militants was n't Pakistan 's fight . But the Pakistani army recently has been attacking the Taliban stronghold of South Waziristan after a series of deadly bomb attacks across the country . "  Public opinion has turned ... and there is no doubt that the United States and Pakistan share a common enemy , " Obama said . "  Going forward , the Pakistani people must know : America will remain a strong supporter of Pakistan 's security and prosperity long after the guns have fallen silent , so that the great potential of its people can be unleashed , " Obama said . CNN 's Mike Mount , Larry Shaughnessy , Jill Dougherty and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Extra 30,000 U.S. troops to secure uncovered areas , help Afghan security forces train Troop buildup just one strategy to achieve goals in Afghanistan , Obama says U.S. also to pursue more effective civilian strategy , Obama says Better partnership with Pakistan also essential , Obama says
CNN  -- Holly Hunter does n't take roles based on what she thinks viewers want to see . Holly Hunter plays a tough detective grappling with issues of faith in TNT 's "  Saving Grace . " "  I have , frankly , very few expectations when it comes to audience , " the acclaimed actress said . "  I 've done features , I 've done stage and I 've done television movies . " "  I 'm used to having the experience of perhaps missing an audience where your feature , for some reason or another , may not have a large audience , while some of my features have found large audiences , so I am used to both . My expectations are adaptable and they are low . " Hunter need not worry , because she has a hit on her hands with TNT 's "  Saving Grace , " which is soon to debut its third season . The television drama follows the decidedly messy life of Oklahoma City Police Detective Grace Hanadarko , who lives and works hard while being shadowed by a no-nonsense angel . The premise may sound unusual , but it is just that originality that attracted Hunter , an Academy Award winner whose eclectic career has included projects as varied as the films "  Raising Arizona , " "  Broadcast News " and the animated "  The Incredibles . " See the significant roles Hunter has played " The actress said she continues to be attracted to playing Hanadarko because it allows her to explore emotions and attitudes that a lot of roles these days simply are n't offering . "  She wants to have conversations about sex , she wants to have conversations about faith , " Hunter said . "  She is very comfortable with the darkness in herself and with the darkness in others and I want to talk about that . There are not a lot of opportunities to have that conversation in features . " It is n't surprising that Hunter was able to find such a rich , creative playground at TNT . The network  which is owned by the parent company of CNN  has carved a niche for itself as a destination for critically acclaimed and popular dramas . That reputation has been strengthened by the popularity of shows like Hunter 's as well as the program many credit with raising TNT 's game , "  The Closer . " That show 's fifth season kick 's off the network 's summer schedule on June 8 . Star Kyra Sedgwick said Deputy Police Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson is in for some changes now that she 's married -- though she will maintain the edge that fans have come to love . "  I think the character continues to be great at her job and struggles in her personal life and issues surrounding the possibility of having children come up , " said Sedgwick . "  I think it 's hard for someone who sees a lot of darkness in the world and deals with the darkest part of humanity to believe in the benevolence of the universe and the safety of a world to bring kids into . " Like Hunter , Sedgwick said she loves playing such a strong character . That esteem , and flexibility of working on a cable series , which demands less of a time commitment than a network show , has made it easier to be on an opposite coast from her husband , Kevin Bacon , and their children , Sedgwick said . "  I was very clear on not wanting to give up any other part of my career , " said Sedgwick , who this season also serves as the show 's executive producer . "  By doing the show , I think it has opened up more in the way of feature films for me . " Mark-Paul Gosselaar could n't agree with Sedgwick more . His series , "  Raising the Bar , " will be back on TNT for a second season and the actor said he appreciates being part of a network that values drama . His role as public defender Jerry Kellerman in the courtroom drama is a continuation of the actor 's long-time collaborative relationship with Emmy-winning producer Steven Bochco . "  I 've been fortunate enough , for close to the last decade , to work with one of the most prolific producers in this genre , " said Gosselaar , who also had roles on Bochco 's "  NYPD Blue " and "  Commander-in-Chief . " "  I could n't be in a better situation than to have attached myself to a man who is willing to give me these roles and is one of my biggest supporters . " The character of Kellerman is so earnest and passionately idealistic that he might remind some of an adult version of another character who first made Gosselaar famous -- Zack Morris on the teen sitcom "  Saved By the Bell . " It 's a role Gosselaar said he has no desire to escape , even after all these years . "  Zack has been something that has made such an impact on people and I am proud that I was able to do that , " said Gosselaar , who hinted that a long-desired reunion of the show 's cast is in the works . "  When I was doing the show , it was almost like some people were closet ` Saved By the Bell ' watchers and now it 's become this iconic thing , so it 's fun . " Gosselaar said "  Raising the Bar " is a different type of courtroom drama , where viewers are able to witness the lives a different type of attorney . "  I do n't think we have ever seen a show that deals with this side of the criminal justice system , " he said . "  We 've seen the cops and the prosecutors , but ` Raising the Bar ' gives voice to the public defenders and their clients , who you almost never hear from . " His is not the only TNT show that is giving the audience something different . Hunter said her show will continue to explore substantive themes . "  This season is a real investigation of beliefs and what does it mean to believe as opposed to what it means to know , " Hunter said . "  It 's a large question and many people have different answers . This show is exploring a more global idea of who God is to each of us . " Also Included in TNT 's summer schedule are the heist drama "  Leverage " starring Timothy Hutton , which premiers its second season and new show "  Hawthorne , " which stars Jada Pinkett Smith as a single mom and the director of nursing at a North Carolina hospital .	TNT has a summer lineup that includes popular dramas Acclaimed actress Holly Hunter returns as star of "  Saving Grace " Kyra Sedgwick 's "  The Closer " enters fifth season on network Mark-Paul Gosselaar still loves "  Zack , " but enjoys role in courtroom drama
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Pro-Russian activists and Ukrainian riot police clashed Thursday inside the compound of the prosecutor 's office in the eastern city of Donetsk , as simmering tensions escalated into violence . As a result of the clashes , 26 people sought medical help , four of them for gunshot wounds , the Donetsk regional administration 's health department said . Two remain hospitalized . At least one police officer was injured in the clashes , the Ukrainian Interior Ministry said , adding that shots were fired and small grenades and stones were used in the attack . Police fired tear gas and stun grenades in an effort to disperse the activists , who were armed with clubs , batons and shields but did not appear to be carrying firearms . Some of the activists smashed windows and broke down doors as they sought to enter the building . "  We 're going floor to floor looking for people ... for the people who were here beforehand , " one of the militants said . One woman earlier told a CNN team on the ground that she helped a wounded man who she said was shot by someone from inside the building . Paramedics were called to help the wounded at the site Thursday afternoon . Protest march in Donetsk , rally in Kiev Earlier in the day , crowds marched through Donetsk , demanding greater autonomy for the restive eastern region . At the head of the march , which was held to mark May Day , was a speaker who accused the authorities in Kiev of pushing pro-Russian supporters to a position where they are demanding a referendum on May 11 and a federal state . Many in the region view the interim government in Kiev as a "  junta " that seized power thanks to backing from ultranationalist groups , and they are angered by its actions . Eastern Ukraine was a heartland of support for pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych , ousted in February after months of protests by people upset that he had turned away from Europe in favor of Moscow . Pro-Russian protesters already control a number of key government buildings in Donetsk , after seizing them last month , and have declared it to be the "  Donetsk People 's Republic . " From the industrial city 's Lenin Square , where the march started , masked men could be seen atop a building next to a flag signaling support for the pro-Russian camp . The yellow and blue Ukrainian flag , which had been flying until a short time before , was thrown off the side of the building , a symbol of the spreading unrest . Pro-Russian protesters in the city of Luhansk , closer to the Russian border , said Wednesday that they had seized additional government buildings because they wanted to be sure of holding the planned referendum . The crisis has sparked deep divisions in Ukraine . Many also want to see the country remain united , but unhappiness about government corruption and ineffectiveness runs deep . In Ukraine 's capital , Kiev , hundreds of people joined a rally Thursday for peace and unity , organized by student and trade union groups and left-of-center parties . The protesters called for constitutional reform , decentralization of power and new parliamentary elections . They also called for a national referendum to decide whether Ukraine should become a federal state ; if the Russian language should become the official language in some regions ; and whether Ukraine should integrate with the European Union . $ 17.1 billion bailout approved Acting Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov acknowledged this week that the central government has effectively lost control of the country 's Donetsk and Luhansk regions to the pro-Russian separatists . A controversial referendum in Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region in March resulted in its annexation by Russia , a step widely condemned by the international community . Like Crimea , although not to the same extent , many in eastern Ukraine are Russian-speaking and have close cultural ties to Russia . The interim government , which is struggling with a dire economic situation , has promised constitutional reforms to try to ease tensions ahead of national elections scheduled for May 25 . In a key sign of international support , the International Monetary Fund approved a $ 17.1 billion bailout for Ukraine on Thursday . "  It 's obviously not without risk . But it 's a necessity to respond to a member 's request . And we have tried everything we could to mitigate the implementation risks , " IMF chief Christine Lagarde told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Lagarde also noted that "  clearly there have been consequences " for the Russian economy as a result of its intervention in Ukraine . "  If you look at the monetary policy , if you look at the capital flows , if you look at their own forecasts -- there have been consequences on the Russian economy as a result of the geopolitical situation , the uncertainty and the sanctions that have been decided , " she said . The European Union and United States say Moscow has not so far acted in support of an April 17 international deal aimed at easing the crisis and this week imposed additional sanctions on Russian officials and companies judged to be close to President Vladimir Putin . Diplomat accused of spying Meanwhile , Ukraine has ordered the expulsion of a Russian naval diplomat after alleged spying this week , Ukraine 's Foreign Ministry said on its Facebook page Thursday . The statement said the attache was detained "  while he was committing spying activities on April 30th . " The ministry said the diplomat has to leave Ukraine as soon as possible . Ukraine and Western nations have accused Russia , which NATO says has tens of thousands of troops massed by Ukraine 's border , of supporting and coordinating separatist unrest in its eastern region . But Russia denies any direct involvement in the disorder , which has seen pro-Russian militia groups seize government and police buildings in more than a dozen towns and cities across the region . Separately , a senior military official told CNN the United States was awaiting additional recommendations from NATO Supreme Allied Commander Gen. Philip Breedlove on potentially expanding current military exercises and adding new ones in Eastern Europe . The goal would be to bolster "  alliance readiness . " NATO allies , particularly those close to Ukraine , have requested a more robust alliance presence , including larger , permanent deployments on their soil . Additional troops would come from U.S. and NATO forces already in Europe . Britain also would contribute , the official said . Ukraine military conscription order Turchynov signed a decree to introduce compulsory military service "  to increase the defensive powers of the country , " his office said in a statement Thursday . Men aged 18 to 25 will be subject to the order . The move takes account of the further escalation of the situation in eastern and southern Ukraine , as well as "  instances of overt aggression " and the actions of pro-Russian militants , the statement said . The aim is to maintain the armed forces and help them "  give an adequate response to real and potential threats to Ukraine , " according to the statement . Turchynov said Wednesday that the country 's armed forces have been put on full combat readiness because of the threat from Russia . Speaking at a meeting with the heads of regional state administrations , he said authorities ' task was to prevent the spread of the "  terrorist threat " from separatists and pro-Russian saboteurs to other regions of Ukraine . A military "  anti-terrorism " operation launched last month has achieved little or nothing . The government in Kiev has said it wants to show restraint and appears reluctant to embark on military operations against militants who are embedded in residential areas . Russia 's Foreign Ministry responded to Turchynov 's remarks late Wednesday by denouncing what it called "  these militaristic statements of Kiev authorities . " Meanwhile , militants in the town of Slavyansk continue to hold seven military observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , detained last Friday despite their diplomatic status . Denis Pushilin , self-declared chairman of the "  Donetsk People 's Republic , " has said the observers are NATO spies and that the activists would like to exchange them for people detained by pro-Kiev authorities . OSCE spokesman Michael Bociurkiw told CNN Thursday that its negotiators were again meeting with the separatists to discuss the release of the Western observer team . They are said to be in good health . CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from Donetsk and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Andrew Carey , Claudia Rebaza and journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev and journalist Lena Kashkarova in Donetsk contributed to this report . CNN 's Jim Sciutto and Mick Krever also contributed .	NEW : Donetsk health authority says 26 people sought medical help , 4 with gunshot wounds IMF chief says $ 17.1 billion bailout for Ukraine is not without risk but is necessary Christine Lagarde : Russia has seen "  consequences " for its actions in Ukraine Ukraine says it is expelling a Russian naval diplomat after alleged spying activities
CNN  -- Houston , Texas , had a record high temperature Wednesday as a heat wave continues to grip the nation 's midsection , the National Weather Service said Thursday . A woman tries to beat Houston 's record heat by lying on a bench in the shade . The city sweltered with a high temperature of 104 degrees Wednesday , a record high for June 24 , forecasters said . The previous record high for the date was 99 degrees , set in 1980 . The previous record high measured for the month of June in Houston was 103 degrees , set on June 30 , 1980 , and June 18 , 1934 . Heat indices , a combination of temperature and humidity , are breaking the 110-degree mark in many cities . Forecasters predicted a high near 100 for Houston on Thursday , but the temperature could rise into the triple digits in outlying areas , said CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf . The weather service posted heat advisories for Houston ; Dallas , Texas ; and New Orleans , Louisiana , indicating that temperatures in those cities will feel like 100 to 105 degrees because of high humidity . In the Houston community of Bayland Park , the elderly were taking advantage of the air-conditioned Community Center . "  I do n't like hot weather . I never have and never will , " Teet Charloton told CNN affiliate KPRC-TV in Houston . "  But we have to have it . I go from the car to the house or come in here and go back the same way . I do n't do much shopping , that 's for sure . " Betty Dante added , "  It is very hot outside . ... I think as you get older , you feel the heat more . " In southwest Houston , Leticia Alvarado is profiting from the heat . The unemployed Houstonian has been running along the median on Hillcroft Street at Bellaire Boulevard for seven weeks . She is selling water for $ 1 a bottle . "  It 's hot , too hot , " she told the station . Other cities also were sweltering . New Iberia , Louisiana , had a temperature Wednesday of 102 , which broke the record of 97 in 2005 . An excessive heat warning was issued for St. Louis , Missouri , on Thursday through 7 p.m. CT Saturday . Forecasters predicted a high near 96 . Cloud cover was expected to make temperatures there a little cooler Thursday , but the weather service warned , "  A hot and humid air mass remains over the area which will continue to control weather over the region through Saturday . " Afternoon and early evening heat index readings of 100 to 110 were expected in the Missouri city every day through Saturday . Young children , the elderly and people with chronic sicknesses were advised to stay inside if possible . The heat wave that began last week was being fed by a high pressure system north of Texas Air quality alerts were posted for several cities , indicating pollutants exceed accepted standards . A red alert was issued for Houston , the third most severe alert that indicates unhealthy air quality .	NEW : Heat advisories for Houston , Dallas and New Orleans Houston swelters at 104 degrees Wednesday Temperature surpasses record high for that date set in 1980 Forecasters expect no end in sight to scorching weather in U.S. midsection
CNN  -- Bayern Munich look simply unstoppable and uncatchable in the Bundesliga as Eintracht Frankfurt were the latest team to be swept aside Sunday with a 5-0 rout re-opening a 13-point advantage at the top . It was Bayern 's record 44th unbeaten game in the German championship and their third since returning from the midwinter break . A 71,000 capacity crowd at their Allianz Arena witnessed another masterclass for last season 's treble winners , which has left them with 53 points after 19 games . With the domestic league title all but wrapped up , the big test for Pep Guardiola 's men is their defense of the Champions League title and a last 16 clash with English Premier League Arsenal later this month is a mouthwatering prospect . Arsenal began a crucial part of their season with a 2-0 home win over Crystal Palace Sunday as the returning Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain scored twice in the second half at the Emirates . The victory has taken them back to the top of the standings two points ahead of Manchester City , who host third-placed Chelsea in a crunch clash Monday night . Earlier Sunday , Liverpool lost more ground in the title race after being held 1-1 at struggling West Bromwich Albion in an earlier kick off . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was delighted to have England international Oxlade-Chamberlian back in the fold , particularly after revealing new midfield loan signing Kim Kallstrom will likely be out until March with an ongoing back problem , missing the Bayern ties . "  It was a great day for Chamberlain , " Wenger told Sky Sports . "  He was out for a long , long time and we needed to be patient to get him back to full fitness . He had a great game and scored two great goals . " With Bayern in their current form , Arsenal will have to be at their sparkling best to avoid a repeat of their defeat to the Bavarian giants in last year 's Champions League . Mario Goetz put Bayern ahead in the 12th minute against Frankfurt with a superb volleyed effort and Franck Ribery doubled the advantage just before the break . It might have been an even wider margin of victory as the home side twice hit the woodwork before Arjen Robben scored the third shortly after coming on as a substitute . Defender Dante added a fourth with 20 minutes to go and Mario Mandzukic rounded off the rout with a fifth . Guardiola 's influence on Bayern since taking over at the start of the season is also shining through . While in charge of Barcelona 's he helped them perfect their "  tiki taka " style of quick passing -- which was also adopted by the all-conquering Spanish national team under the late Luis Aragones -- whose death was announced Saturday . Guardiola signed midfielder Thiago Alcantara from Barcelona to Bayern on taking charge and the value of that acquisition was evidenced Sunday as the Spain international set a new Bundesliga record for touches of the ball against Frankfurt . He passed the ball an incredible 185 times in the 90 minutes as Bayern dominated possession . "  They showed from the start who was the boss , " purred ex-Bayern great and now club president Franz Beckenbauer . "  At the break they could have been three of four-nil ahead , " he told AFP . Bayer Leverkusen had briefly closed top within 10 points with victory over Stuttgart Saturday , with Borussia Dortmund a further four points adrift after a much-needed win on Friday . Meanwhile , in Serie A , Juventus took a nine-point lead with a 3-1 home win over struggling Inter Milan . Stephan Lichsteiner , Giorgio Chiellini , and Arturo Vidal scored inside the hour for Juve before Rolando 's late consolation . With second-placed Roma 's home match againsdt Parma abandoned after nine minutes in the Italian capital due to weather conditions , the champions moved further clear with a commanding display .	Bayern Munich stretch unbeaten Bundesliga record to 44 games Thrash Eintracht Frankfurt 5-0 in Allianz Arena 13 points clear of Bayer Leverkusen in league standings Arsenal return to top of English Premier League with home win over Crystal
CNN  -- Outrage is mounting in Saudi Arabia about the case of a 5-year-old girl who died after allegedly being beaten and tortured by her father , who activists say is an Islamist preacher . Lama Al-Ghamdi was admitted to King Saud Hospital in Riyadh last March after suffering extensive injuries , including broken ribs , a crushed skull , bruising and burns . Family , activists and officials say she died of her wounds in late October . Read related : Small protests have big impact in Saudi Arabia Lama 's mother and several high-profile activists in Saudi Arabia accuse the girl 's father , Fayhan Al-Ghamdi , of committing those crimes . Saudi Arabia 's Human Rights Commission , a government-backed rights group , confirmed that Al-Ghamdi has been accused of torturing his daughter and that he is on trial for crimes leading to her death . Attempts to reach Al-Ghamdi via activists , government officials and King Saud Hospital have been unsuccessful . "  My dear child is dead , and all I want now is justice so I can close my eyes and know she did n't die in vain , " the mother , Syeda Mohammed Ali , told CNN . "  She was brutally tortured in the most shocking ways . " Read related : America , the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow Activists say Al-Ghamdi is an Islamist evangelist popular in Saudi Arabia for his televised appearances and for speaking on air about the rewards of repenting to God . But they also say he only fancies himself as a cleric and is not recognized by the clerical establishment . Some media reports say that Al-Ghamdi was sentenced to pay blood money for Lama 's death , and others say that he has been released from jail . But Mohammed Almadi , with the Human Rights Commission , told CNN that the father has been in prison for about eight months and has been accused of the torture that led to the girl 's death . Lama 's mother says the next hearing in the case will take place in about two weeks . Read related : Small step forward for Saudi women , but will it affect their daily lives ? "  We have appointed a lawyer to assist the mother in the case , " said Almadi , who added that there was a hearing Sunday and that the case is still under review . "  Reports that the accused is out of prison are incorrect . The case is still actively being studied . " At the Sunday hearing , Lama 's mother tried to bring her own case against Al-Ghamdi . "  The Human Rights Commission considers this case to be not just an assault against Lama , " Almadi said , "  but also an assault against every Saudi little girl . We are asking that the aggressor receive the maximum penalty . " Several activists and numerous local media reports say that Lama was also raped , but her mother denied that happened , despite saying that the father had burned Lama 's rectum . Syeda said that Lama 's father also was concerned about the virginity of his 5-year-old daughter . Read related : Saudi Arabia objects to . gay and . islam domain names "  The father confessed to the abuse , the beating and torturing Lama in the most obnoxious manners , " she said . "  These are not some unfounded accusations , but everything is based on the medical examination by the hospital and the team of physicians who treated Lama when she was first admitted . " Syeda , who is divorced from Al-Ghamdi , says Lama 's torture occurred while she was staying with her father . She added that Al-Ghamdi is now remarried with two more children and that "  the state needs to even consider taking his two children from him and his wife away because I fear for their lives . " Aziza Al-Yousef , a human rights activist and lecturer at King Saud University , who is in very close contact with Lama 's mother , said this case highlights the urgent need for legislation in Saudi Arabia that would better protect women and children from domestic violence . "  We need to get some laws passed to protect women and children here . It 's been difficult getting these laws passed , " she said . "  This case is a horrifying example of the kind of violence that can be faced by children here . " Prominent Saudi women 's rights activist Manal Al-Sharif , who has launched an online campaign and created a Twitter hashtag , #IAmLAMA , expressed a similar sentiment , explaining how this case reflects once again how dire the situation is for women in Saudi Arabia , who must contend with a male guardianship system that she says infantilizes women and strips them of any power . "  In Saudi Arabia , " Al-Sharif told CNN , "  all women are considered minors and are automatically assigned to the care and judgment of their most immediate male relative . " Al-Sharif said Saudi courts tend to "  show leniency toward male abusers , " and she said she is concerned that might happen in this case as well . Lama 's mother says she wants to make sure this does n't happen to other children . "  I want to address the king and urge him to consider my case and my daughter 's case , " she said , "  because such brutality needs to be punished in order to set a clear example for anyone who dares to abuse and harm their children . "	Lama Al-Ghamdi , 5 , was hospitalized for her injuries last March and died in October Activists and Lama 's mother accuse her father , Fayhan Al-Ghamdi , of beating her Attempts to reach the father have been unsuccessful Activist : Case highlights need to better protect Saudi women , children from domestic violence
Mesa , Arizona  CNN  -- It 's been 26 days since the candidates left the stage at the last CNN debate in Jacksonville , Florida , and the growling hunger pangs of the media have grown louder even as the candidates grow weary . There have been 19 Republican presidential debates so far , and while some may have debate fatigue -- including a few candidates -- the forums have nevertheless proved to be illuminating experiences . They have garnered sky-high TV ratings and have become "  event " television . They have helped to define several candidates while others fall from grace in front of the live cameras . But for many voters , it has been the debates -- especially those that have preceded a primary or caucuses -- that have become the deciding factor when they choose who they want as the GOP nominee . They have provided a window into each would-be nominee , and offered insights into how they act under pressure . According to exit polls , many voters make up their minds after watching a debate . What has made the debates the fuel to feed the media 's insatiable yearning for political fare ? The storylines that have emerged have made the events essential viewing for political junkies and casual observers alike . Remember a fiery Newt Gingrich pushing back on marriage accusations , a tough Mitt Romney hitting Rick Santorum hard on social issues , a passionate Ron Paul pressing the Obama administration on foreign wars . Michele Bachmann and the HPV vaccine . And then there was Herman Cain and 9-9-9 ... The debates return Wednesday night in Mesa , Arizona , as CNN partners with the Republican Party of Arizona to bring America the final debate before Super Tuesday , and what may be the final debate of the season . Ahead of Wednesday 's showdown , here 's a recap of the last six major CNN debates , and what they could mean for this week 's episode : Manchester , New Hampshire , June 13 Biggest storyline : Before Rick Perry had even entered the race , seven GOP candidates debated in the first offering to feature all major candidates . Rep. Michele Bachmann established herself as a major player , while former Gov. Tim Pawlenty gave a subdued performance , refusing to attack Mitt Romney . Key moments : "  Using the term ` Obamneycare ' was a reflection of the president 's comments that he designed Obamacare on the Massachusetts health care plan . " -- Pawlenty . "  I filed today my paperwork to seek the office of the presidency of the United States today . " -- Bachmann . Post-debate fallout : Bachmann 's strong performance started a surge that culminated with the Iowa straw poll victory . Pawlenty 's weak showing started his spiral downward , ending with him dropping out of the race and endorsing Romney . Tampa , Florida , September 12 Biggest storyline : In a debate co-sponsored by elements of the tea party movement , Perry may have been the front-runner coming in , but he was hammered by Bachmann and Rick Santorum over the human papillomavirus  HPV  vaccine . Key moments : "  To have innocent little 12-year-old girls to be forced to have government injections through an executive order is just flat-out wrong . " -- Bachmann Post-debate fallout : Perry 's standing as the front-runner took an immediate and dramatic hit , with Romney taking over . Perry fell from 41 % before the debate to 14 % , with Romney moving from 28 % to 51 % . Las Vegas , October 18 Biggest storyline : Herman Cain 's sudden surge to the front of the pack was set in stone as he hammered home the 9-9-9 plan . His rivals attacked . Key moment : "  The reason that our plan is being attacked so much is because lobbyists , accountants , politicians -- they do n't want to throw out the current tax code and put in something that 's simple and fair . " -- Cain . Post-debate fallout : Cain 's surge came to an end , as far more scrutiny came to the 9-9-9 plan directly after the debate  as well as other , personal , issues  . Also , the sparring between Romney and Rick Santorum was a sign of things to come between the two . Washington , November 22 Biggest storyline : A debate that focused on foreign policy saw Newt Gingrich open himself up to a potential problem over amnesty , while his rivals pounced . Meanwhile , Rep. Ron Paul established himself as the man on an island when it came to some major GOP issues . Key moment : "  I am prepared to take the heat for saying let 's be humane in enforcing the law without giving them citizenship , but finding a way to give them legality so as not to separate them from their families . " -- Gingrich .  He did . Post-debate fallout : Gingrich 's surge continued , but rivals focused on this perceived weakness going forward . Meanwhile , Cain established a new nickname : "  Blitz . " Charleston , South Carolina , January 19 Biggest storyline : What may be one of the most memorable debate moments of the cycle occurred right off the top , with Gingrich attacking the media over claims made by his ex-wife . Santorum also took an opportunity to take on Gingrich over his "  grandiose " ideas . Key moments : "  I am tired of the elite media protecting Barack Obama by attacking Republicans . " -- Gingrich . "  Grandiosity has never been a problem with Newt Gingrich . " -- Santorum . Post-debate fallout : A standing ovation from the crowd signaled the wave of support that was to come for Gingrich , as he easily won the South Carolina primary and forever changed the race , largely thanks to this single debate . Jacksonville , Florida , January 26 Biggest storyline : Romney went on the attack , battling Gingrich at every twist and turn . Santorum knocked Gingrich again for a particular grandiose idea , about space . Key moments : "  My father was born in Mexico . My wife 's father was born in Wales . They came to this country . The idea that I 'm anti-immigrant is repulsive . Do n't use a term like that . " -- Romney "  Those are things that sound good and maybe make big promises to people , but we 've got to be responsible in the way we allocate our resources . " -- Santorum Post-debate fallout : Gingrich slipped , and Romney won Florida . But the steady Santorum performances in these debates opened the door for the former senator to take the role of the non-Romney . He has ridden the wave to huge success and currently sits atop the national polls . -- And now we head to Arizona , a crucial state to the GOP in 2012  and currently going through its own political sex scandal  . Wolf Blitzer tweeted this week : "  Just boarded flight to Phoenix & someone said : ` Thanks for all the good entertainment over the years . ' Entertainment ? " The debates have been substantive , politically relevant and issue-based . But they have been , maybe more so than other cycles , entertaining as well . On Wednesday , you do n't want to miss the season finale .	The 19 GOP presidential debates have become key moments in the campaign Many voters say they decide who to vote for based on the debates The seventh CNN debate is at 8 p.m. Wednesday in Mesa , Arizona
A lay Baptist preacher or a brutal national leader found guilty of war crimes by an international court : in Charles Taylor , the myth and the man , became inseparable . Accusations of cannibalism swirled around the former Liberian president even as he quoted scripture to his supporters , many of whom he was accused of terrorizing into voting for him during the 1997 elections . Taylor has been a pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades , with his overthrow of the regime of Samuel Doe in 1989 , spiraling the country into a bloody civil war that left 200,000 dead over the next 14 years . He was infamous for filling his forces ' ranks with drugged child soldiers who reportedly called him "  Pappy . " Look at high-res photos of the Charles Taylor years But it was over his involvement in the civil war in Sierra Leone that Taylor was indicted and put on on trial in 2007 at the Special Court for Sierra Leone sitting in The Hague , Netherlands . United Nations officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . The first African leader to appear before an international war crimes tribunal , he pleaded not guilty to 11 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity , and other violations of international humanitarian law . But he was found guilty of aiding rebels who raped , killed and mutilated civilians in neighboring Sierra Leone . Prosecutors failed to convince a judge that Taylor had command over the rebels but he could still face a lengthy jail term when he is sentenced on May 30 . For victims in Sierra Leone , Taylor 's verdict brings relief Speaking at a sentencing hearing at the court on Wednesday , Taylor said terrible things happened in Sierra Leone that could not be justified , but added that his role in the conflict had been misunderstood . "  What I did to bring peace to Sierra Leone was done with honor , " Taylor said . "  I pushed the peace process hard . Contrary of how I have been portrayed in this court . " Prosecutors had accused Taylor of arming rebel groups and terrorizing civilians during the decade-long Sierra Leonean civil war in exchange for uncut diamonds smuggled out to him in empty mayonnaise jars . During the trial British supermodel Naomi Campbell was summoned as a witness for the prosecution . She told the court she received a gift of "  dirty-looking stones " from two men following a dinner hosted by then-South African President Nelson Mandela in 1997 . The prosecution argued the stones were "  blood diamonds " -- a personal gift from Taylor . That claim contradicted Taylor 's testimony that he never handled the precious stones that fueled the conflict . What are ` blood diamonds ? ' It was one of the many instances of high drama in a trial that started with Taylor 's dismissal of his entire defense team . But always lurking behind the spectacle of the trial was the specter of the more than 50,000 killed , maimed or missing in Sierra Leone 's civil war . According to Amnesty International , that conflict "  was characterized by some of the worst abuses known : widespread deliberate and arbitrary killings of civilians , torture , including rape and deliberate amputation of limbs , and abduction and forced recruitment of large numbers of people , including children . " Deliberating for more than 12 months , they waded through 50,000-plus pages of testimony and examined more than 1,500 exhibits . Sierra Leone remains one of the most impoverished countries in the world and many of those who survived the civil war still bear its scars . U.S. degree Taylor remained in power for six years until 2003 when heavy international pressure forced him from office . He lived in exile in Nigeria , where border guards arrested him in 2006 as he was attempting to cross into Chad . Born in 1948 , Taylor was the third of 15 children of Americo-Liberian parents , descendants of the freed American slaves who established the Liberian republic in the 19th century . His father sent him to the United States , where he obtained a degree in economics from Bentley College in Massachusetts . He became involved in radical Liberian student politics . Influenced by Marxist and Pan-African ideas , he once advocated burning down the Liberian Embassy in Washington . He earned cash in his spare time working on a production line at a toy factory . He became a teacher and was part of Doe 's government in 1980 before being exiled to the United States . In the U.S. he was jailed for allegedly stealing $ 900,000 in Liberian government funds -- only to escape from a Massachusetts prison , along with four petty criminals , in 1985 after a year in captivity . In 1989 , he returned to West Africa and launched a revolt from the Ivory Coast against Doe , an ethnic Krahn who had taken power in a military coup . Taylor 's campaign turned into an ethnic conflict , with seven factions fighting for control of the country and its resources -- particularly iron ore , timber and rubber . Taylor 's forces included children , often dressed in costumes and blond wigs . Often under the influence of drugs , they were noted for their brutality .	Charles Taylor found guilty by U.N. court of war crimes in Sierra Leone civil war He was a pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades He led country during bloody civil war that left 200,000 dead from 1989 British supermodel Naomi Campbell appeared as witness for prosecution
CNN  -- This week , Americans were confronted -- yet again -- with more of the same refusal by President Barack Obama to take on the greatest long-term threat to our economic and health care security . Consistent with his track record , the president 's annual budget proposal offers no credible reforms for our entitlement programs that will ensure their solvency in the years to come . Instead , his budget reflects the same disregard he demonstrated last month , in his 7,000-word State of the Union address , in which only 40 words were used to talk about Social Security and Medicare . The fact is Social Security and Medicare , vital to the welfare of tens of millions of Americans , account for nearly half of all federal spending . That percentage will continue to increase in the coming years . Left on its current trajectory , overall entitlement spending is projected to more than double by 2049 , thus consuming 100 % of all tax revenue . It should be no surprise that the payroll tax-supported trust funds that pay out Social Security and Medicare benefits are speeding toward a financial collapse . The Congressional Budget Office projects that Medicare in its current form will be bankrupt by 2022 . Social Security 's chief actuary calculates that a 23 % cut in benefits in 2036 will be required in order to maintain solvency of the Social Security Trust Fund . Of the two programs , Social Security can be shored up for nearly a generation with simple modest reforms . Medicare reform is far more complicated . However , if Congress passes a bipartisan Social Security reform , then the momentum of that accomplishment can prompt leaders of both parties to tackle Medicare reform . Last year , I introduced the Defend and Save Social Security Act , which would ensure that Social Security is solvent for the next 75 years , through very gradual yearly increases of only three months per year in the retirement age and a modest adjustment to the annual cost-of-living increases . It would keep core benefits untouched and requires no new taxes . Enacting such modest , incremental changes would avoid bankrupting the trust fund and forcing a 23 % cut in core benefits in 2036 . As with Social Security , much-needed changes to Medicare would require open debate . Several promising proposals for reforming Medicare have been brought forward in Congress . I applaud those of my colleagues of both parties who are working to find responsible solutions to this important issue . Senators Tom Coburn and Joseph Lieberman have proposed a plan that would :  a  adjust the Medicare eligibility age to reflect gains in life expectancy ;  b  cap out-of-pocket costs to protect recipients from bankruptcy in the event of a major illness ; and  c  require wealthier beneficiaries to pay higher premiums . Another proposal , coming from Rep. Paul Ryan and Sen. Ron Wyden , offers seniors a choice among Medicare-approved private plans , which would compete alongside a traditional Medicare plan . The fact is Medicare as we know it may not exist in coming years if Congress does not take steps now to preserve the program . Every year we do nothing makes the inevitable task of structural reform all the more difficult . Constructive dialogue and timely reforms are required to assure health care security for millions of current and future retirees . In recent years , critics of the various entitlement reform proposals have claimed that many of the proposed changes will "  kill " Social Security and Medicare . But , in fact , as the numbers show , the status quo will kill these programs . Criticizing serious attempts at entitlement reform without offering alternatives to the status quo is the least compassionate and least responsible option for Americans . Entitlement reform can not wait . Just as Social Security and Medicare programs were enacted with broad bipartisan support , securing and saving these programs will require nothing short of both parties of Congress working together . Ultimately , it will hinge in large part on President Obama 's level of courage to confront this pressing issue . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kay Bailey Hutchison .	Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison says entitlement reform is critical to our health care security She says Social Security and Medicare funds will head toward bankruptcy if action is not taken Hutchison : It 's time for President Obama to focus on reforming these programs She says Congress should also step up to find a bipartisan solution
CNN  -- Want to ride an elevator into space ? While the idea has been around for more than 100 years , a breakthrough in nanotechnology could mean we will be riding into space on a cable made of diamonds . Scientists at Penn State University in the US released a research paper last month that showed the way forward to producing ultra-thin "  diamond nanothreads " that have a strength and stiffness greater than that of today 's strongest nanotubes and polymers . John Badding , professor of chemistry at Penn State University , told CNN his team had made the breakthrough while examining the properties of benzene molecules and that it took 18 months of study to make sense of what the team had been seeing . "  It is as if an incredible jeweler has strung together the smallest possible diamonds into a long miniature necklace , " Badding said . "  Because this thread is diamond at heart , we expect that it will prove to be extraordinarily stiff , extraordinarily strong , and extraordinarily useful . " Benzene breakthrough The experiments involved putting benzene -- a liquid -- under compression to form a solid material . "  What we found was that because our experiment compressed the benzene much more slowly than had been done before , these new materials formed , " he said . "  Everybody thought that the benzene molecules would link together in a way that was very disorganized , like a glassy amorphous material . "  Instead , what caught our attention was that our experiments told us there was order in the benzene and that was the shock , " he said . That all this occurred at room temperature was a further shock to the research team . Under pressure He said the scientists worked to test the hypothesis that when benzene molecules break under high pressure , their atoms want to grab onto something else but ca n't because the pressure removes the space between them . "  This benzene then becomes highly reactive so that , when we release the pressure very slowly , an orderly polymerization reaction happens that forms the diamond-core nanothread , " he said . What results is a material that is the strongest and stiffest known to science , but is also very lightweight . "  One of our wildest dreams for the nanomaterials we are developing is that they could be used to make the super-strong , lightweight cables that would make possible the construction of a "  space elevator " which so far has existed only as a science-fiction idea , " Badding said . Next stop ... outer space The Japanese construction company Obayashi is already investigating the feasibility of a space elevator , envisioning a space station tethered to the equator by a 96,000 km cable made of carbon nanotechnology . The space station would orbit the earth in a geostationary position with the cable held taut through the centrifugal force of the earth 's rotation - in much the same a hammer thrower spins the hammer at the Olympics . Robotic cars with magnetic motors would take seven days to reach the space station , lifting cargoes and people into space at a fraction of the current cost . According to the International Space Elevator Consortium  ISEC  , space payloads would cost in the order of just hundreds of dollars per kilogram rather than the current $ 20,000 a kilogram that rocket technology costs . The key is in the small scale At the core of the project is the nanotechnology that would make cables from a material harder and stronger than any currently found on Earth . A 2.5-inch thick cable made from carbon nanotechnology could lift the equivalent of three International Space Stations per day into orbit , according to ISEC . "  The tensile strength is almost a hundred times stronger than steel cables so it 's possible , " Yoji Ishikawa , a research and development manager at Obayashi told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . "  Right now we ca n't make the cable long enough . We can only make 3-centimeter-long nanotubes , but we need much more ... we think by 2030 we 'll be able to do it . " Goodbye , rocket man A space elevator is not the only non-rocket technology being investigated as a means of getting man-made objects into space . In the past NASA has examined everything from high-velocity artillery to rail-launched maglev projects as a way of getting objects into space . Physicist Stanley Starr of NASA 's Kennedy Space Center said for the time being , NASA 's emphasis is on developing exploration technologies to be used once a craft is already in space . "  And there are many challenges in that area , " Starr told CNN . Nevertheless , the space agency continues to look at systems -- some of them quite bizarre such as the Slingatron -- that could achieve orbit without the use of fuel-hungry rocket systems . "  The space elevator is an interesting concept but will require a breakthrough in materials or the addition of a totally new concept to make it work . I do n't foresee space elevator working in my lifetime , " Starr said . "  I briefly looked at the Slingatron concept and do n't believe it is feasible . " When physics gets in the way Certain problems of aerodynamics and physics , he said , persist despite technological advances . While some concepts that use high velocities -- such as super artillery -- can work , balancing the greater aerodynamic forces with problems of heating remain . "  For example if you directly launch a small satellite out of a cannon with enough velocity to reach orbit , the projectile will probably be destroyed by the heat and stress , " he said . "  If not , most of your mass is devoted to the structure and not much to the working payload . " Even so , he said NASA has not abandoned the idea of a non-rocket launch . "  I believe NASA will eventually invest in advanced non-rocket launch technology , but I do n't think it will be very soon , " Starr said . "  I would like to NASA establish a group , preferably networked from a number of NASA centers , that is actively looking new launch technologies and making recommendations for new investigations . " Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Can this one-wheeled wonder change the way you commute to work ? The "  green man " in your traffic lights just got new super powers Finally , a flying car for everybody ?	Developments in nanotechnology could make an elevator to space possible A cable of carbon nanotechnology could tether a space station to earth Scientists at Penn State University have created ` diamond nanothreads ' The ride up into space would take seven days , but would cost a fraction of current methods
Dallas  CNN  -- Hot , dry weather returns to Texas this week , whisking away the limited relief scattered thunderstorms brought to firefighters in parts of the Lone Star state over the weekend . In a trifecta of potentially bad news for fire crews , the Texas Forest Service said a low-pressure system will push temperatures into the 90s , humidity to 10 % or less and winds up to 45 mph on Monday and Tuesday . The conditions have prompted the National Weather Service to issue a red flag warning for a large portion of west Texas , urging residents to avoid the use of open flames and to avoid activities that may generate sparks . Because of the hot temperatures , bone-dry conditions and high winds , "  accidental ignitions will have the potential to grow quickly into dangerous wind-driven wildfires , " the weather service said . The system will bring with it a chance of precipitation . However , rain accompanied by thunderstorms can be a mixed-blessing for firefighters , since lightning can ignite new fires . One such fire scorched nearly every inch of a 10,000-acre north Texas ranch , about 70 miles west of Fort Worth . The Cormack family has raised cattle near Strawn for a quarter century , but now are coping with the loss of 15 % of its herd and nearly all of its grazing land . "  Its something you ca n't really explain . This is home , " Justin Comack told CNN 's Patrick Oppmann . "  I know a lot of people think ... it 's just land , but you know this is my backyard and we ran cattle out here since I was a baby . " Some of the cattle were nearly incinerated by the fast-moving flames . All Cormack can do is number the carcasses with green spray paint , take their pictures and log their GPS locations , hoping the family eventually will be compensated for its losses . Even for the surviving cattle , the road will be tough -- many suffered burns and may have to be put down . Grazing land has become a precious comodity , with most of the landscape charred following the fire . "  We 've been really lucky that we have friends all over and people , strangers that come together and donate as much hay as they can , " according to brother Jake Cormack , who said he 's looking for grass leases to feed his herd until "  we can get over this hump . " The Forest Service responded to 17 new fires over the weekend , but the blazes were slowed by storms that brought softball-sized hail and reports of tornadoes . The largest of these new fires is the Pipeline fire in Tyler and Hardin counties . Covering some 7,101 acres , it was caused by an oil well flare . National Park Service personnel were involved in the fight against the blaze and it is now 90 % contained . Wet weather over the past few days helped firefighters maintain control over many of the fires burning in the state , the Texas Forest Service said . The largest of them is the 207,660-acre Rockhouse fire in Jeff Davis County , which is 75 % contained as of Sunday night . Firefighters had to abandon the fight against the conflagration in the Davis mountains , according to an update from the Forest Service , because of concerns about safety and a lack of reliable communications . The agency said the difficult terrain made use of bulldozers impossible and aerial resources had proved ineffective . The PK Complex of fires burning west of Fort Worth is now 50 % contained , assisted by significant rainfall , the Forest Service said . On Sunday , crews worked on constructing lines through the 126,734-acre fire . The also burned pockets of vegetation around the fire 's perimeter . The 159,308-acre Wildcat fire in Coke County , north of San Angelo , is 75 % contained . On Sunday , crews were able to focus on patrol and mop-up operations , according to the Texas Forest Service . West Texas averages nearly 15 inches of rain a year , according to David Hennig , a meteorologist in Midland . Over the past six months , just 13-hundredths of an inch of rain have been recorded in that part of the state . While October through March is typically the dry season , that amount of rainfall is far below what it should be , Hennig said . Two firefighters have died since the latest outbreaks began , with numerous others injured , state officials said .	NEW : Fires scorch 10,000-acre ranch west of Fort Worth Firefighters are still working to contain the largest fires in the state Critical fire weather is forecast for Texas during the first part of the week The Texas Forest Service responded to 17 new fires Saturday
BIRMINGHAM , Alabama  CNN  -- Detroit , Michigan , is often thought of as the automaker capital of the country , but increasingly , foreign auto plants are heading south , to a region known for more than its charm . Toyota 's plant in Georgetown , Kentucky , is as big as 156 football fields . Almost every foreign auto factory that 's opened since the '90s has sprouted below the Mason-Dixon Line . Two of the three auto plants under construction also are in the South . Plants typically establish their roots in what is known as the auto corridor -- a roughly 200-mile-wide stretch that runs from Michigan to Alabama . "  The northern end is more heavily dominated by the traditional Detroit-base assemblers and their supplier base , and then the foreign automakers and their supplier base tend to pull a little further south , " said Thomas Klier , a senior economist with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago who specializes in the auto industry . Check out auto plants across the corridor " So what 's behind the South 's charm ? It has a lot to do with the people , experts say . "  If you do n't have people , you do n't have economic development , " said Michael Randle , president and publisher of Southern Business & Development . "  People drive economic development and that 's why the South has gone from being dirt poor 50 years ago to leading this country 's economy . " The South 's population is growing much faster than the Midwest , which is home to the Big Three : Chrysler , Ford and GM . Between 2000 and 2030 , the South 's population is expected to increase by about 43 percent , while less than 10 percent growth is expected in the Midwest , according the U.S. Census Bureau . See how the United States is expected to grow " But it 's not just the quantity of the people that matters . The quality of the work force was a big factor in Toyota 's recent decision to build a plant near Tupelo , Mississippi , according Dennis Cuneo , formerly Toyota 's senior vice president and now an adviser to the company . Watch how Toyota hopefuls are already preparing for jobs " Northern Mississippi has been hit hard by the closing of furniture factories , leaving highly skilled workers looking for jobs . Those workers have the mentality the automobile makers want , Randle said . If it 's broken , they are going to fix it , he said . The automotive industry provides a much-needed bridge , connecting a labor pool that wants to work with an economy in need of a boost , Randle said . And the plants bring in far more than their initial investment . The Mercedes-Benz plant in Vance , Alabama , for example , announced it would double its production just three years after it opened . Honda had a $ 450 million expansion in Lincoln , Alabama , that added another 2,000 jobs . For each job created inside an auto plant , experts estimate as many as six to eight are created in businesses outside . Hear a worker describe how an auto plant changed his life " Local leaders know how valuable the industry is -- worth enough to offer to foreign companies hundreds of millions of dollars in incentives -- including tax abatements , site preparation and employee training . While companies remain mum on the topic , those local leaders have a big edge on the North : They are fighting to bring jobs to workers who are n't unionized , unlike much of the Big Three 's workforce . Unions increase overall costs at plants , Randle said , explaining that the foreign automakers are drawn to the South where unionization is not mandatory and where workers have resisted calls to join voluntarily . If a plant is unionized in the North , everyone must join . No foreign assembly plants are unionized except for a few joint-ventures : the ones that started as projects between domestic and foreign companies . "  That 's not a coincidence , " Klier said . "  That suggests pretty strongly that that does affect the location decision . " With all of these benefits playing in its favor , the South -- with its low operating costs -- has become the go-to place for this international industry , Randle said . "  A lot of economists were saying manufacturing was dead in this country and it 's not coming back , " Randle said . "  It may be dead Massachusetts or New York or Detroit ... but it 's not dead in the South . ... You have to make cars in this country . " E-mail to a friend	Almost every foreign auto plant that 's opened since the '90s is in the South South 's population is growing much faster than the Midwest South provides manufacturing workforce No foreign auto assembly plants are unionized
CNN Student News  -- January 27 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Rio de Janeiro , Brazil Davos , Switzerland ; Slovakia Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of stories covered on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Forget about trying to give England a hand . Italy must now worry about themselves after a 1-0 loss to outsider Costa Rica left the Azzurri in danger of being eliminated from the group stage for the second consecutive World Cup . A goal from Bryan Ruiz in the first half gave Costa Rica the shock victory in Recife , officially sending England home a day after it lost 2-1 to Uruguay . Luis Suarez , who plays his football for Liverpool , tormented the Three Lions and Ruiz -- a former Fulham forward -- was the man who broke English and Italian hearts Friday . The improbable victory moved Costa Rica into the second round for the first time since Italia '90 -- as well as add to the upsets in Brazil . "  We 're delighted with the win ... but we do n't want to stop there , " Costa Rica manager Jorge Luis Pinto told reporters . "  It 's only the start . "  It 's not easy to play against a team like Italy , given their history and the individual talents they have . "  We tried to contain their play by restricting  midfielder  Andrea Pirlo . But we were also solid in defense . " Mario Balotelli joked that he 'd want to kiss the Queen if he bailed out England but the ex Manchester City striker missed two good chances for Italy in the opening 45 minutes . England had to hope -- at the least -- that Italy would beat both Costa Rica and Uruguay to have any chance of going through from Group D . After Costa Rica had a penalty appeal waved away when Joel Campbell appeared to be fouled by Italian hard-man Giorgio Chiellini , Costa Rica netted the lone goal when Ruiz converted a close-range header in the 44th minute past the fit again Gianluigi Buffon . A toothless Italy appeared to wilt in the second half and barely threatened the Costa Rica goal , unable to break the offside trap , with Randall Brenes almost doubling Costa Rica 's advantage in injury time . "  It was a defeat where Costa Rica were much more aggressive and played with passion , " Italy manager Cesare Prandelli told RAI Sport in quotes carried by the Football Italia website . Italy and Uruguay will now face off Tuesday for the right to join Costa Rica in the knockout stage . Italy needs a draw to advance by virtue of a better goal difference . "  We already knew this was a particularly tough group and that we 'd have to gamble our qualification in the last game with Uruguay , " said Prandelli . "  Are we afraid ? No . We just need to recover our energy . " England becomes the second high-profile European nation to exit the World Cup after defending champion Spain was ousted on Wednesday . Spain lost both its games , to the Netherlands and Chile . Hodgson to stay But England 's Football Association said Friday it would persevere with manager Roy Hodgson , whose contract expires at the end of the European Championships in 2016 . "  We are supportive of Roy , " FA chairman Greg Dyke told reporters before England was officially eliminated . "  I already see people asking the question , ` Will he stay ? ' The answer is yes . "  He came to do a four-year cycle leading up to Euro 2016 . " France faced Switzerland in Friday 's second game before Honduras meets Ecuador in Group E matches .	Costa Rica beats Italy 1-0 to reach second round after scoring in first half Bryan Ruiz scores on a close-range header for the lone goal in Recife Italy or Uruguay will join Costa Rica in the knockout stage from the group The result means England go home after two narrow defeats
CNN  -- Moldova 's president Wednesday accused Romania of involvement in a huge anti-communist protest , much of it coordinated on Facebook and Twitter , which saw government buildings ransacked and police arrest scores of demonstrators . Protests over Moldova 's election have gathered pace , fueled by Facebook and Twitter . Vladimir Voronin described riots in the Moldovan capital Chisinau against his ruling Communist party 's victory in Sunday elections as "  very serious " and pledged to take action in response . "  Romania is involved in everything that has happened , " he said , according to the RIA-Novosti news agency . "  Patience also has its limits . " An estimated 10,000 mainly students gathered Tuesday to protest what they say was a rigged election . Many in the crowd were summoned using social networking tools , particularly Twitter . IReport : Send your photos and emails . Protesters threw bricks at riot police who responded with batons and water cannon . Outnumbered , police retreated , leaving rioters to enter the parliament building and presidential offices where they smashed windows and started fires . See images of the chaos " Demonstrators claim Voronin 's ruling Communist Party manipulated Sunday 's election results to make it appear that it had won 50 percent of the vote , a majority that would allow the party to and amend the Constitution to allow Voronin to rule for a third term . Although election observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe found the voting largely free , many in the former Soviet state disagreed . "  There were too many frauds , " said Alina Radu , director of the weekly newspaper Ziarul de Garda . Her newspaper 's Web site asked readers Wednesday morning to send in instances of voter abuse . "  In just half an hour , we had tens and hundreds of cases , " Radu said . Voronin said he was expelling the Romanian ambassador to Moldova and imposing visa restrictions on Romanians in response to the violence , RIA-Novosti said . The agency reported that Romania has denied involvement and was threatening retaliatory measures . Analysts saw Tuesday 's demonstrations as a student-led action that "  caught the opposition political leaders by surprise . " "  Because I think that after talking to the Western observers , they did n't expect they would get any support for protests , " said Tammy Lynch , senior fellow at Boston University 's Institute for the Study of Conflict , Ideology and Policy . "  It seemed to be undirected , " Lynch said . "  A lot of students felt angry they were being ignored and took out their anger on buildings . " Moldova 's ties with Romania have become increasingly strained under Voronin , who has steered his country diplomatically closer to Russia since taking power in 2005 . The president has repeatedly accused Romania of wanting to absorb his country . -- CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	Up to 10,000 gathered Tuesday in Moldova 's capital Chisinau Many demonstrators summoned by Facebook or Twitter Protesters claim recent parliamentary elections were rigged
CNN  -- Danish football club FC Copenhagen has been left in limbo ahead of its European Champions League game at Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk due to the current conflict in Ukraine . Copenhagen is due to face the Ukrainian side on July 29 in the city of Dnipropetrovsk to contest the first leg of the competition 's third qualifying round . However , following the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash last week and the ongoing unrest in Ukraine , the Danish club does not know if it will be able to travel by plane for the game or even find a company to insure it for the trip . "  We are waiting , " Copenhagen head of press and communications Christian Wolny told CNN . "  There are some issues right now that we need to get sorted . "  There is no way our travel agent can find any company that will fly us to Ukraine . "  It 's currently a serious risk to fly over Ukraine , so many , many companies have removed their route to the country . We can not get there by flight . "  Furthermore , the Danish foreign ministry has labeled the region as being unstable , which means they do not tell us not to go there , but it is not stable . They can not guarantee what the situation will be in nine days -LSB- for the match -RSB- . "  The last point is our insurance company , they do not cover us in the eastern part of Ukraine , where Dnipropetrovsk is . "  We need to get these three issues solved , and we have made UEFA aware of the situation . " Prior to the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash , UEFA 's Emergency Panel decided its European club competition matches involving Ukrainian clubs would be allowed to take place in Dnipropetrovsk and Odessa , in addition to Kiev and Lviv . UEFA has yet to confirm if Copenhagen 's trip to Dnipro will go ahead , or if it will be played in another venue . Ukrainian champion Shakhtar Donetsk is currently unable to play matches at its Donbass Arena stadium due to the conflict in the city of Donetsk . "  For us we have no problem with FC Dnipro as a club , or the city that they play in , " Wolny added . "  We just need to make sure that it is safe to travel , that it is safe to be there and also that we can actually get there -- which right now is our biggest issue . "  We are not experts , we have to rely on what UEFA tells us . " Copenhagen and Dnipro are vying for a place in the Champions League playoffs , which would then leave one of the clubs two games away from a spot in the group stage of the competition . "  We are preparing as much as we can . But usually at this point normally , for a match of this importance , we have everything ready by now , " Wolny said . "  All the details -- transfer plans for players and staff , where to stay , where to eat , everything that would give us the best possible chance of performing on the pitch . "  But right now we do n't even know if we can get there . We are trying to prepare as best as we can , but it is not the ideal way to prepare for a game of this importance . "	FC Copenhagen unsure if game against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk will go ahead Champions League match is in doubt due to current conflict in Ukraine Copenhagen currently unable to travel by plane or find insurance for trip
CNN  -- At first glance a reality-TV hosting gig might seem beneath a megawatt star like Jennifer Lopez . But , according to insiders , Lopez needs "  American Idol " just as much as it needs her . "  She 's tried a couple comebacks . They really have n't worked for her , " says Stuart Levine , managing editor at Variety . Levine added , "  She 's not the celebrity she was 15 years ago . But she 's not stupid . ... She 's a smart businesswoman . " With a first look deal with Fox Films and a contract rumored to be worth $ 12 million , it looks like Jenny from the Block could be making out like a bandit . But neither party seems to be holding the short end of the stick . She 's viewing "  Idol " as a way to jump-start her film and TV career , Levine said . In turn , Fox is banking on some star power to boost ratings during its first season without Simon Cowell . A first-look deal with Lopez means the studio will get the initial dibs on projects backed by her production company , Nuyorican Productions . According to Levine this is n't a big deal for Fox . " ` Idol ' is such a big money maker ... I do n't think they had to twist too many arms for that , " Levine said . "  Studios have so many first-look deals with so many production companies that one more is not a make or break situation . If this was someone they did n't want , they would n't have done it . " With last season 's ratings dipping below 20 million viewers in April , J.Lo and Steven Tyler could be the magic formula for viewers . It 's likely that "  Idol 's " audience share will soar at the beginning of the season , with viewers tuning in for the first few weeks to see the new judges in action . But then again , the same was said last season of recently resigned judge Ellen DeGeneres and everyone knows how that turned out , said Abbey Goodman , executive editor of RollingStone.com . "  No one thought Paula Abdul would be someone we would care about or miss when she was first announced , " said Goodman . " -LSB- Lopez -RSB- has the opportunity to get back that fan support through this . Whether she will remains to be seen . " In order to harness that support from fans , Lopez may need to return to her "  Jenny from the Block " roots . Before there was "  American Idol , " there was the "  Bennifer " era , when Lopez engaged in a very public relationship with Ben Affleck . But before that , she was just a young girl growing up in New York trying to make it big . A dancer from the Bronx , Lopez landed a role as a Fly Girl on Fox 's "  In Living Color " in 1991 .  J.Lo was n't the only Fly Girl to become a judge on reality TV . Carrie Ann Inaba of "  Dancing With the Stars " got her start on the comedy series in 1990 . iReport : Will you watch Lopez on "  Idol ? " After leaving the hit TV show in 1993 , Lopez finally found a place in the music industry with her debut album , "  On the 6 , " in 1999 . The album , which featured hits like "  If You Had My Love " and "  Waiting for Tonight , " earned the singer multiple Grammy Award nominations . J.Lo officially became a triple threat when she played the lead in the 1997 biopic "  Selena . " This breakout role led to other film opportunities , including 1998 's acclaimed "  Out of Sight , " in which she starred alongside George Clooney . She 's since headlined romantic comedies like "  The Wedding Planner , " "  Shall We Dance , " "  Monster-in-Law " and her most recent flick "  The Back-up Plan , " which Levine jokes made about $ 12 at the box office .  According to BoxOfficeMoJo.com , the film made more than $ 12 million in its opening weekend . For Lopez , who has two children with husband Marc Anthony , the benefits of her new gig do n't end with a paycheck . On Wednesday , Lopez said she looks forward to settling down in Los Angeles for a while . "  This is a sweet deal , " said James Cantiello , MTV News ' "  American Idol " expert . "  It 's mutually beneficial for everyone involved . " This is the last season "  American Idol " is guaranteed to be culturally relevant , Cantiello said . " ` Idol ' lives and dies by the quality of the contestants , " he added . "  As long as they cast good people this year , ` Idol ' will remain on top . "	Fox has offered J.Lo a first look deal with Fox Films and a rumored $ 12 million salary "  It 's mutually beneficial for everyone involved , " a source says J.Lo 's breakthrough role in the 1997 biopic "  Selena " led to other film opportunities
Washington  CNN  -- FBI Deputy Director John Pistole appears before the Senate Commerce Committee on Thursday for the first of two confirmation hearings to become the head of the Transportation Security Administration . The position has been vacant since Barack Obama became president in January 2009 , with an acting head in place . Two previous Obama nominees have withdrawn from consideration due to Republican opposition and controversial issues . Pistole has been FBI deputy director since October 2004 , and previously helped lead the investigation of the Egypt Air Flight 990 crash off Rhode Island in 1999 . "  The talent and knowledge John has acquired in more than two decades of service with the FBI will make him a valuable asset to our administration 's efforts to strengthen the security and screening measures at our airports , " Obama said in a written statement in May when he announced the nomination . "  I am grateful that he has agreed to take on this important role , and I look forward to working with him in the weeks and months ahead . " Attorney General Eric Holder and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano immediately endorsed Pistole , calling him uniquely qualified for the job that involves counter-terrorism efforts . "  John 's national security and counterterrorism expertise will be a great asset to the Department in our efforts to enhance the security of our vital transportation systems , " Napolitano said in a statement . Two senators involved in security issues - Republican Susan Collins of Maine and independent Joe Lieberman of Connecticut - also praised Pistole as a sound choice . "  Since the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , he has been on the forefront of our nation 's fight against terrorism , " Collins said in a statement , while Lieberman said Pistole "  understands the threat of terrorism as well as anyone in the government . " The TSA , a part of the Department of Homeland Security , oversees national aviation safety . It has 60,000 employees , including the approximately 50,000 Transportation Security Officers who provide security at airport screening checkpoints and elsewhere . Napolitano 's statement said that if confirmed by the Senate , Pistole would oversee the Homeland Security Department 's "  ongoing efforts to secure the nation 's aviation networks , railroads , ports and mass transit systems , security operations for 450 federalized airports throughout the nation , and the Federal Air Marshal Service . " The position has proven difficult to fill for Obama . His two previous nominees , Los Angeles Airport police department official Erroll Southers and retired Maj. Gen. Robert Harding both removed themselves from consideration for the post . Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , put a hold on Southers ' nomination after Southers declined to say whether he supported unionization of airport screeners . Southers eventually withdrew his name from consideration after another controversy erupted involving a decades-old personnel matter . Harding , withdrew his name from consideration in March after acknowledging that his security company overbilled the government for work performed in Iraq in 2004 . At that time , the head of the 25,000-member Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , Jon Adler , said the TSA "  can not continue to operate on autopilot . " Adler said his organization fully supports Pistole 's nomination . "  Since the last two nominees withdrew , we re-emphasized to Secretary Napolitano the need to select someone who combines a national law enforcement background with credible intel  ligence  experience , " Adler said in an e-mail to CNN in May . "  We are appreciative of her responsiveness to our recommendation . Deputy Director Pistole possesses the necessary skill set to lead TSA forward from a position of strength . "	Pistole has been FBI deputy director since October 2004 TSA oversees national aviation safety 2 previous nominees withdrew themselves from consideration
Montevideo , Uruguay  CNN  -- The tiny faces pressed against the airport window stare in wonder at the aircraft waiting for them at the end of the sky bridge : this is the plane that will take them to a new life . Syrian refugee Nassar and his family - he has five sons and five daughters , aged from three to 22 -- fled their home in Idlib as the country 's bloody civil war took hold . Now , after almost three years of fear and uncertainty , they are on the move again , flying more than 12,000 km from their temporary base in Lebanon to a more permanent home on the other side of the world . "  Returning to Syria is not an option , " Nassar told CNN a day before he began the daunting 23-hour journey to Uruguay , where he and his children are being resettled at the invitation of the country 's President Jose Mujica . "  I 'm excited to go to Uruguay but I 'm also nervous . I 'm going because I want my kids to continue their education , " he said . "  Traveling to the other side of the world to find a new chance to live , this is not easy , " said Uruguay 's Human Rights Secretary Javier Miranda , who accompanied the group , along with a CNN team . "  They are very brave to choose a new destiny for their lives because they want to educate their kids with dignity . They deserve our help and they deserve the opportunity . " Uruguay has offered to take in up to 120 refugees to help with the humanitarian crisis sparked by the conflict in Syria . Nassar and his family are among the first 42 - five families -- to make the move . A second group is expected to follow by February 2015 . Together , they will live at Hogar San Jose , a Catholic home on the outskirts of the capital , Montevideo , for two months , learning Spanish and adjusting to a new culture before moving on . First though , they have to get there . It 's a lengthy and life-changing journey - from Beirut , via Frankfurt and Buenos Aires - and one filled with mixed emotions . After one final briefing from Pierre King , operations manager at the International Organization for Migration , which has organized the trip , and a last medical check-up , they are cleared to set off . For most of the refugees , it is their first time on a plane , so there is an air of excitement as well as of apprehension about what awaits them on arrival in Montevideo . Nassar 's eldest sons , Mohammed and Bassel are keen to learn all they can about their soon-to-be-adopted home , peppering me with questions when we first meet . "  What is life like there ? " "  What is the nature like ? " "  How can we live there and adapt quickly ? How can we make friends ? " "  What is the weather like there ? " "  Which places can we visit ? " They are all too aware that their first challenge will be the fact that they do n't speak Spanish , but both young men are desperate to continue their education , having been forced to abandon their university studies when they left Idlib . Inevitably , the conversation turns to football ; the brothers say they are looking forward to playing and watching it in Uruguay . Their favorite players ? Neymar , Messi , and -- of course -- Luis Suarez . As the plane makes its way across the vast South American continent , Nassar studies the flight 's interactive map on a screen . "  Hours have passed and we are still flying above Brazil ! " he says in amazement at the size and scale of the countries passing below . After a brief stop in Buenos Aires - a chance for the refugees to stretch their legs after more than 19 hours flying - they are finally on the last leg of the journey , a short hop to Montevideo . The children , by now familiar with the in-flight entertainment system , keep themselves occupied as they near their destination . Two of their fellow passengers , Uruguayans , greet the children with hugs and kisses after realizing who they are . "  We are very happy to welcome them to our country , " they told CNN . Eventually , tired but with broad smiles on their faces , the enthusiastic group of refugees emerges from the Air France flight at Montevideo 's Carrasco International Airport . They are greeted by President Mujica after their arrival . Mujica later told reporters he hopes more countries will follow Uruguay 's example and offer homes to Syria 's refugees . "  We must insist that the world moves in this direction ; we ca n't continue with statements on human rights and -LSB- saying -RSB- that we support human rights if later we do n't put our words into action , above all for the children . " According to the U.N. , there are more than 1.1 million Syrian refugees like Nassar 's family registered in Lebanon , while the country 's population is just over 4 million people . Lebanon 's Minister of Social Affairs , H.E. Rashid Derbas , and UNHCR 's Representative in Lebanon , Ninette Kelley , recently called for renewed investment in Lebanese infrastructure to help the country manage the influx of refugees from the Syrian conflict . "  Lebanon today faces an unprecedented challenge to manage both its own population and Syrian refugees , " said Kelley . "  The presence of over 1.5 million Syrians across Lebanon has directly affected the public and service sectors at the national scale , " Derbas explained . "  From Akkar all the way to the South , our towns and villages have been at the forefront of the humanitarian response to an incessantly escalating crisis . The inhabitants of these communities have opened their hearts and homes to the refugees . Therefore , the projects undertaken since 2011 have brought much needed breathing space to our communities and improved our lives and the lives of our Syrian kin . " Walking from the plane towards his new home , one of the children proudly showed off his football shirt , bearing Suarez 's number 9 . At last , he and his family have reached their final goal : a new country and a new life , leaving memories of war behind .	Five Syrian refugee families have been flown to Uruguay to begin a new life there The group are the first of up to 120 Syrians who will be resettled in the South American country Father-of-ten Nassar told CNN he was moving for the sake of his children 's education "  They deserve our help and they deserve the opportunity , " said Uruguay 's Human Rights Secretary
HIGHLANDS COUNTY , Florida  CNN  -- At the heart of Florida researchers ' high-tech efforts to protect black bears is a rather low-tech tool : day-old doughnuts . A young bear sits next to a pine tree after being snared by one of the traps set by researchers . Researchers use the doughnuts and other stale pastries to bait traps for the bears . Once snared , the bears are tranquilized and then fitted with a GPS collar . Using cell phone technology , every 15 minutes the collar sends a text message that tells researchers where the bear is located . Tracking the bears ' movements -- or lack thereof -- is important . Dr. John Cox , head of the South-Central Florida Bear Project , said the bear population , in order to stay healthy , must be able to travel to different locations throughout the state . They need to travel between different bear populations . But that mobility has been decreasing . There was a time , Cox said , when the bears were free to roam the entire state . As development increased , however , the black bear lost much of its habitat . And the habitat that remained has become more fragmented due to development , primarily roads . The result : The bears become more isolated , with inbreeding within that isolated population . "  This population of bears is actually losing genetic diversity , " Cox said . "  You see that loss of healthy genes in the population over time . "  That is a sign of isolation . " Having the bears wear the GPS collars is "  wonderful because the bears are telling us what habitat we need to protect , " said Tricia Martin of The Nature Conservancy . As of now , 55 black bears in the area have been fitted with collars . Watch the researchers at work " Researchers want to know whether the bears ' travels have them crossing a road , an orange grove , or somewhere else in order to get from place to place . Collecting data on the corridors the bears need to travel will help in pinpointing what land should be sought for conservation purposes . But first the bears must be snared -- and that 's where the doughnuts come in . "  The doughnuts are a good bait , they can smell and it 'll bring them in , " said Wade Ulrey , one of the researchers with the South-Central Florida Bear Project . Recently a young female bear was found in a snare trap -- lured there by the doughnuts , or perhaps the brownie with whipped cream and a cherry that also had been placed there . Ulrey and fellow University of Kentucky research scientist Joe Guthrie slowly approached the trapped bear . The animal , with a cable around its paw , tried to climb a pine tree to escape . See photos of a snared bear " The researchers waited for the bear to calm down , then they injected her with a tranquilizer that was at the end of an 8-foot-long pole . As they waited for the drug to take effect , Ulrey and Guthrie returned to their truck to gather the tools they needed to examine the bear . "  We have a couple of bags of ice here to help keep her cool , " Ulrey said as he placed the bags under the legs and arms of the unconscious bear . The team scanned the 2 1/2 - year-old and realized she already had a microchip implanted under her skin . "  It 's similar to an ID system used for pets , " said Ulrey . The chip tells the researchers that this bear was caught in 2007 , when she was a cub still roaming Florida with her mother . The researchers weighed and measured the bear . Then Ulrey used tweezers to pull out a bit of hair . "  We can get a DNA sample from this to see if she is related to any other bears we 've captured in the area , " Ulrey said . This young black bear , however , wo n't be telling researchers where she will be traveling . She is too young to be outfitted with a GPS collar . Ninety minutes later , the tranquilizer wears off . The bear is awake and appears unharmed . "  Usually the things you 'll see is a little bit of an abrasion where they 've rubbed some of the fur off , or maybe a cut , " Cox said when asked about the danger of using a snare trap . As this young cub wanders off , the research team can only hope she finds a road less traveled -- and stays off the highways .	Researchers in South Florida capture bears , outfit them with GPS collars Collars help researchers track bears ' movements Healthy bear population relies on animals ' free movement , breeding Bears ' natural habitat has been reduced , fragmented by development
CNN  -- A Boston-area man who plotted to kidnap children , rape and eat them , was sentenced Tuesday to more than 26 years in prison followed by a lifetime of supervised release , according to court documents from the United States district attorney 's office . Geoffrey Portway , 40 , was also ordered to pay $ 3,000 in restitution to five children whose images were found in online chats by Portway , according to court documents . Portway , a citizen of the United Kingdom and most recently of Worcester , Massachusetts , also faces deportation following his release from prison , according to court documents . According to defense attorney Richard Sweeney , Portway 's sentencing is in accordance with a plea agreement he signed in May , during which he pleaded guilty to distribution and possession of child pornography and solicitation to commit a crime of violence . Sweeney declined additional comment Tuesday on his client 's sentence of 320 months , or 26 years and eight months , in prison . Portway went by the moniker "  Fat Longpig " during his online chats , according to court documents . Ex-PTA president accused of making child porn at elementary school It was these chats -- which included discussions about abducting , raping , murdering and eating children , according to court documents -- that put Portway on the radar screen of police . His home in Worcester was searched last year and authorities found tens of thousands of computer images and videos of child pornography , 4,500 exchanges of child pornography between Portway and the people he chatted with online . The images included children purportedly being cooked and prepared to be eaten , court documents said . Authorities also found a locked basement , court documents show . Photos taken the day of Portway 's arrest show a narrow wooden staircase leading downstairs to a soundproof room in which he planned to imprison children . The room was furnished with a metal cage with a circular hole for feeding , a rusted and worn steel-topped table , as well as multiple kinds of metal bondage equipment . A child-sized coffin made of plywood was found on the floor nearby . ` Cannibal cop ' convicted in New York Also found in the house were handcuffs , rope intended for bondage , mouth gags , and castration tools . A large box of frozen raw chicken , near a handful of disposable scalpels , was photographed by investigators near two industrial-sized freezers . In the kitchen , a jug of Clorox bleach was seen by the doorway , while a red child-sized ` onesie ' lay on the countertop , amid snacks and disposable syringes . A butcher kit containing plastic gloves , an apron , cutting board , bone saw , cleaver , shears , and multiple knives was photographed in the sink . Portway 's collection of DVDs and books appear to echo his intentions to ensnare , rape , and cannibalize children . Among his DVD collection were titles such as "  Human Beast , " "  Hansel and Gretel , " "  The Real Cannibal Holocaust , " "  The Genesis Children , " "  Cannibal the Musical , " and "  Cannibal Ferox , " a film with the tagline "  Make them die slowly . " Portman 's DVD copy of the film "  Albert Fish : In Sin He Found Salvation " had a note written on it : "  Will , let 's do lunch . " Online chats , seized by police , showed Portway calling his basement a "  dungeon " where he intended to "  keep kidnapped children while he sexually abused them and as a place to eventually murder and cannibalize the children , " authorities said . Pretzel bag leads feds to child porn suspect in California Two other men who chatted with Portway have already been convicted . One was a puppeteer who , authorities said , plotted with Portway to kidnap children the puppeteer knew from his work at a Florida church . Last week , federal prosecutors called Portway 's collection "  chilling " and wrote in a sentencing recommendation that he should be imprisoned for at least 27 years , to protect the public . "  Portway has pled guilty to some of the most vile and heinous crimes known to our society , " federal prosecutors wrote in court documents . Prosecutors could not be immediately reached for comment on Portway 's sentencing Tuesday . Florida man linked to 1 million child porn videos , images CNN 's Julia Lull , Lateef Mungin and Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	Geoffrey Portway is sentenced to 320 months -- 26 years , 8 months -- in federal prison He had pleaded guilty to child porn charges and solicitation to commit a crime of violence Authorities say he participated in online chats about abducting , killing and eating children Authorities found a huge cache of child porn and a dungeon-like basement in his home
CNN  -- A man who shot and killed two people at a fiber optics company in New Mexico Monday before turning the gun on himself has been identified as 37-year-old Robert Reza , a police spokesman told CNN Tuesday . Police responded to a 911 call Monday morning from Emcore Company that multiple shots had been fired . When officers entered the building , they found a total of seven people shot . Three were dead , including the shooter , said Nadine Hamby with the Albuquerque Police Department . Among the wounded victims was a woman who has been identified by police as the shooter 's estranged girlfriend . Adrienne Basciano , 49 , was in guarded condition Tuesday at the University of New Mexico Hospital , said Hamby . Michele Turner , 36 , died at the scene and Sharon Cunningham , 47 , died at the University of New Mexico Hospital , Hamby said . A woman and man , both 58 , and a 54-year-old woman were released from the hospital . Conflicting information emerged in the hours after the shooting . Authorities first reported that six people had died , and later said three people were killed . Earlier reports also mistakenly identified the shooter as a woman . Police said miscommunication among officers and emergency personnel was to blame for the erroneous reports . "  We believe this incident to be a domestic violence workplace situation , " Albuquerque Police Chief Ray Schultz said Monday . Police also said that they have located the children of the gunman and his estranged girlfriend . Schultz would only say that the children are "  OK . " The roughly 85 Emcore employees who were inside the building at the time of the shooting were later interviewed at a community center near the building , authorities said .	NEW : Police identify a gunman in New Mexico as Robert Reza , 37 NEW : A woman identified as the shooter 's girlfriend is listed in guarded condition Albuquerque police believe it was a domestic violence situation that spilled into the workplace
North Attleborough , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Authorities searched the home of New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez on Saturday for the second time since a man was found dead a half mile away . Hernandez has not been named a suspect in the case , and it 's unclear what investigators were looking for . At least 20 state and local police investigators descended on the home around 1:30 p.m. . They ended their search by early Saturday evening , and removed about a dozen brown paper evidence bags from the home . Some investigators wore blue latex gloves as they entered . At least two police dogs went into the house and also searched the backyard . Investigators also searched a white SUV parked in Hernandez 's driveway . It was the second time police searched the football player 's home in connection with an investigation into the death Monday of Odin Lloyd . Lloyd 's family says he was a friend of Hernandez and had partied with him . The Boston Globe reported that surveillance images recorded early Monday morning -- hours before Odin 's death -- appeared to show Hernandez and Lloyd together on a Boston street . CNN has not independently confirmed the newspaper 's report , which cited two law enforcement officials . Hernandez was last seen Friday afternoon when he arrived home , accompanied by his attorney . The athlete has yet to say anything publicly about the homicide case . Neither the district attorney nor Hernandez 's lawyer have returned calls for comment . Player , authorities mum as probe continues into man 's death A statement from his lawyer acknowledged that there was an investigation , but did n't confirm media reports that authorities had questioned his client . "  It has been widely reported in the media that the state police have searched the home of our client , Aaron Hernandez , as part of an ongoing investigation , " attorney Michael Fee said earlier this week . "  Out of respect for that process , neither we nor Aaron will have any comment about the substance of that investigation until it has come to a conclusion . " The 27-year-old Lloyd , a semi-pro football player , was found dead less than a mile from Hernandez 's expansive home in North Attleborough . Police have searched the home and sifted through the nearby woods for clues . A law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation said Lloyd was shot to death . As part of the investigation , authorities have also searched a strip club in Providence , Rhode Island , and copied video from a surveillance camera there , Providence Police Capt. Mike Correia said . A search warrant was executed Thursday at Club Desire , where authorities copied surveillance video from more than one day , he said . Police have n't revealed what they were looking for at the club . Authorities say the owner cooperated and consented to the search . CNN was unable to reach the club 's owner or other club officers after leaving several messages . CNN 's Yon Pomrenze , Lawrence Crook and Bob Crowley contributed to this report from North Attleborough , Massachusetts .	Investigators complete second search of NFL player 's home Authorities search an SUV parked in Aaron Hernandez 's driveway Authorities say Odin Lloyd was killed Monday near the football player 's house Police also search a Rhode Island strip club as part of their investigation
CNN  -- A French filmmaker who recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador was found shot dead in the town of Tonacatepeque , about 10 miles northeast of the capital city of San Salvador , authorities said . French documentary filmmaker Christian Poveda was found shot dead 10 miles northeast of San Salvador . Christian Poveda , 52 , was shot at least four times in the face , according to local reports . Poveda 's documentary , "  La Vida Loca , " which follows the lives of members of the Mara 18 street gang , had been screened at a handful of film festivals and is slated for wider release later this month . His body was found in an area controlled by that same gang , local reports said . A motive of Poveda 's murder Wednesday was being investigated , National Civil Police Director Carlos Ascencio Giron said in a statement . Citing the pending investigation , police did not immediately give any details , but Ascencio Giron said that the homicide and organized crime divisions of his department were handling the case jointly with the attorney general 's office . Salvadoran President Mauricio Funes said he was "  very shocked " by the news of the murder . According to a statement by the president 's office , Poveda first arrived in El Salvador in the 1980s to cover the civil war as a photojournalist . He left to report from other war zones , but returned to research and film the gangs in El Salvador . iReport.com : Magazine editor remembers Poveda Poveda on Wednesday was traveling in his car after filming in a town called Soyapango when unknown assailants intercepted him and then shot him , according to the statement . The homicide sector chief for the National Civil Police , Marco Tulio Lima , told the newspaper El Diario de Hoy that police detained one person in connection to the killing , but did not say if the person was a suspect . "  Christian Poveda 's recent film about El Salvador 's street gangs provided a powerful inside look into youth violence in one of Central America 's most dangerous regions , " said Carlos Lauria of the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  We urge the authorities to conduct a prompt and exhaustive inquiry into his murder and bring all those responsible to justice . " In March , "  La Vida Loca " was a hit with audiences at the Guadalajara International Film Festival in Mexico , the organization told CNN through a spokesman . Poveda gave himself fully to his work and spent years following the Mara 18 , the festival spokesman said . "  Creating documentary implies working for the love of the profession , and that was what our friend Christian showed us in the short time that we had the opportunity to know him , " the Film Festival said in a statement . The producer of Poveda 's documentary , Carole Solive , told The Guardian newspaper that , "  He went out alone ... to get back in touch with the gang whose story he had filmed . " "  But their boss was in prison and he found himself in the middle of very restless young capos who , for the first time , asked him for money , " she said .	French filmmaker Christian Poveda , 52 , shot at least four times in the face He recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador Motive in Poveda 's slaying Wednesday is being investigated Salvadoran President Mauricio Funes said he is "  very shocked "
CNN  -- Marjorye Heeney knew something was wrong when she saw a bulging cloud of black dust darken the sky . Drought-like conditions dried this Kern River bed last year near Bakersfield , California . She then heard an eerie , train-like whistle as fierce winds rattled her front door and windows . When she looked outside , hordes of grasshoppers and crows swarmed over her father 's barren farm . After the storm broke , her father walked outside and muttered curses as he scanned the horizon for rain clouds . "  I can remember my dad just watching the sky so closely , " Heeney says . "  A sprinkle would excite him so much . " That 's how Heeney , now 83 , describes growing up on an Oklahoma farm during the Dust Bowl storms in the 1930s . For much of that decade , "  black blizzards " -- formed by a prolonged drought and poor farming techniques -- ravaged much of the nation . Now a new generation of Americans is again anxiously looking to the sky . Drought has returned to the United States , and some warn that more tough days are ahead . The value of water is starting to become apparent in America . Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the country , and conflicts over water usage may become commonplace in the future , climatologists say . "  Our focus is oil , but the critical need for water is going to make water the most significant natural resource that we 're going to have to worry about in the future , " says Larry Fillmer , executive director of the Natural Resources Management & Development Institute at Auburn University in Alabama . At least 36 states expect to face water shortages within the next five years , according to a report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office . According to the National Drought Mitigation Center , several regions in particular have been hit hard : the Southeast , Southwest and the West . Texas , Georgia and South Carolina have suffered the worst droughts this year , the agency said . Yet most people do n't need scientists to tell them there 's a water shortage . Plenty of cities have implemented water bans while state squabbles over water usage are common in some regions . What may surprise people , though , are the causes for the recent drought . It 's not global warming , some climatologists say . The droughts are caused by rapid population growth and unwise agricultural choices . John R. Christy , a professor of atmospheric science at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , says the last three years have been drier than usual in many parts of the United States , but overall there 's been no shortage of rainfall . He says the U.S. mainland experienced worse droughts in the 12th and 16th centuries . "  The demand for water has gone up , " Christy says . "  The demand has skyrocketed in places like California and New Mexico because they 've tried to grow crops in deserts . " Even drought conditions in the Southeast ca n't be blamed on a shortage of rainfall , Christy says . The region 's water delivery systems ca n't keep pace with the growth , he says . "  The rain is still falling , but you 're out of water because the storage facilities are not big enough , " Christy says . There 's also a public perception that ordinary people are wasting more water , but that 's not true , says Mark Svoboda , a climatologist with the National Drought Mitigation Center . "  Per capita use of water is down because we 're learning to be more efficient , " Svoboda says . Water shortages do n't have to remain a fact of modern life , drought experts say . Many offer the same solutions : Build better water delivery systems to accommodate population growth , develop more efficient uses of irrigation , and shift agriculture from the West to the East where it 's easier and cheaper to water crops . Svoboda believes a change in attitude is even more vital than changing habits . "  We take water for granted , " he says . "  We think it 's a cheap commodity that 's always going to be there . " Heeney , the Dust Bowl survivor , does n't appear to need that lesson . She remembers how precious water was in the 1930s when people fetched water in buckets . And when the rains finally ended the Dust Bowl , she vividly remembers her joyous father driving his family out into his fields just to watch the water settle into the soil . Heeney , who now lives in Topeka , Kansas , gets upset when she sees people throw away bottled water or use too much water to wash their cars . "  We do n't value water and we 're going to regret it , " Heeney says . "  We forget . We 're as dumb as we can be and we do n't learn . "	Over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the U.S. Report : At least 36 states expect to face water shortages within the next five years Experts say main causes are rapid population growth and unwise farming practices Marjorye Heeney , 83 , remembers the Dust Bowl storms of the 1930s in Oklahoma
CNN  -- "  Grey 's Anatomy " star Patrick Dempsey believes he and a group of investors are just what the doctor ordered for a struggling Seattle-based coffee chain . Dempsey said the group wants to save 500 jobs by purchasing Tully 's Coffee , which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in October . The company , citing "  rising commodity prices and challenging lease economics , " said it planned to close a number of underperforming coffee shop locations as part of its reorganization . "  I 'm excited about the opportunity to save hundreds of jobs , give back to Seattle and become a larger part of the economic growth and fabric of the community , " the actor said in a statement released Wednesday . Tully 's Coffee confirmed Thursday that Dempsey is part of an investment group , but had no comment on the effort . "  We will know by 5  p , m.  today how many bids have been submitted , " marketing director Diane Geurts said . "  The  bankruptcy  auction takes place on January 3 and the final hearing is on January 11 . " The hunky Dempsey plays Derek Shepherd , nicknamed "  Dr. McDreamy , " on the TV series . The medical drama 's setting is Seattle . "  I 've always loved this city , and with the purchase of Tully 's Coffee , I plan to spend a lot of time in Seattle and at the stores connecting with the community and growing the Tully 's brand , " Dempsey said . "  It looks like Seattle may be my home away from home in the very near future . " According to Dempsey , Tully 's Coffee operates 47 locations in Washington and California with other franchises across the country . The bankruptcy filing did not affect Tully 's Coffee online sales and wholesale business , which were purchased in 2009 by Green Mountain Coffee Roasters . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Seattle-based coffee shops filed for bankruptcy Patrick Dempsey , other investors want to purchase them Actor says purchase would save 500 jobs
CNN  -- Last season 's finale of "  How I Met Your Mother " finally answered the lingering question of who exactly is the mother of the TV series ' title . The show 's main character , Ted Mosby , played by Josh Radnor and voiced in narration by Bob Saget , has spent eight seasons telling his kids the story of how he met their mom , endlessly dragging out the eventual interaction . Finally , creators Carter Bays and Craig Thomas revealed the mother 's identity ; she is played by Cristin Milioti . The CBS show will enter its ninth and final season on September 23 , with an hourlong episode , giving one last chance to play out the stories of Ted and his friends before -- we hope -- seeing him happily settle down . The creators , episode director and producer Pam Fryman and cast members Radnor , Neil Patrick Harris  Barney Stinson  , Cobie Smulders  Robin Scherbatsky  , Alyson Hannigan  Lily Aldrin  and Jason Segel  Marshall Eriksen  teased the upcoming 24-episode season recently at the San Diego Comic-Con . During a panel on the show , the creators unveiled a clip that explains why Ted 's children have been sitting on a couch listening to him tell this never-ending saga . It ties in with something to come later in the season involving the kids , which Bays said they shot during the second season for whenever the ending arrived . "  We thought we 'd be done after eight seasons , " Bays told CNN.com after the panel , "  so season nine is a bonus year and it 's the Wild West . Anything could happen . We 're changing a lot of the rules about how we thought we 'd tell the story . " Thomas added , "  I do n't think the story has changed , but how we tell it has changed now that we have 24 extra episodes to see more of it . Knowing what we have left to tell , this little story we 've been meaning to tell for eight years now , it would have felt really abrupt to end it after eight seasons . " "  How I Met Your Mother " has traditionally used multi-episode narrative arcs and flashbacks to keep the story moving , often jumping in time or extending a season over the course of a year . The final season , however , will take place entirely over one weekend in the fictional town of Farhampton . "  There 's a mass migration to Farhampton , to the Farhampton Inn , for Barney and Robin 's wedding , " Radnor told CNN . "  We last left our gang when Lily and Ted were driving out together , Barney and Robin were driving out together and Marshall was planning to come back from Minnesota for the wedding . It 's a road trip . Everyone has various problems along the way , because that 's what happens on television . We pick up literally where we left off . " Last season left the door open for the resolution of several storylines . Robin , preparing for her wedding to Barney , enlisted Ted 's help finding a locket she 'd buried in Central Park and found herself in a romantic moment with him . Lily and Marshall  and their infant son  were about to move to Italy for Lily 's job when Marshall was offered a judgeship in New York but did n't know how to tell Lily . "  It seems like it 's something Marshall wants to tell her in person , " Segel said . "  Which I think is smart . I do n't know how they 've planned time-wise for the season ; they could wrap it up in the finale for all we know . We find out the day before the table read . It 's neat for us to see things unfold . " Hannigan added , "  I do n't like to know too much because I do n't want to have to lie . I 'm a terrible liar , so I really do n't know , but he obviously does n't want her to find out , and it 's going to be one of those ` Is she going to find out ? ' stressors for Marshall . " The real draw for the last season is getting to watch the beginning of Ted 's relationship with the mother unfold . Fryman confirmed fans will see Ted meet the character very quickly into the ninth season and said viewers are "  going to get to know her . " As the characters gather for the wedding , the on-again , off-again nature of Ted and Robin 's relationship will also be addressed , something at which the season premiere 's title , "  The Locket , " may hint . As for the revelation of Milioti in the role of the mother last season , the creators said keeping that secret was the hardest thing they 've done on the show . "  We shot it on this other stage , " Bays said . "  We built this big train station set you saw in the season finale . We did n't have any extras . Everyone else you saw walking around there is the ` How I Met Your Mother ' writers  and crew  . It was a family affair . No strangers or outsiders were a part of it . We locked it down . We made everybody  who  was there -- not that we do n't trust our cast and crew -- sign confidentiality agreements . We were terrified for a month and a half . Every day we were terrified that it would get out , but it did n't and that was great . " The cast members seemed emotional about "  How I Met Your Mother " coming to an end , but Harris said they are just trying to enjoy filming this season . "  I compartmentalize things , and I 'm not a fan of goodbyes so I have n't really contemplated it , " Harris said . "  I do n't want to spend the time we have on the show lamenting its demise because we 're not there yet . We 're still in the beginning of the show . So even though it 's run eight seasons , we still have 20-some odd weeks to do it , and I want to make sure we 're enjoying it as opposed to being wistful about it . " Smulders , who also appears in the season premiere of the new ABC show "  Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D , " said , "  It has n't started to sink in yet . But we have six more episodes after the holidays , and I feel like that 's going to be a really intense time for everyone . " Smulders also shared a piece of trivia about the series that surprised even her co-stars . "  Robin was not a Canadian when I signed on for the show , " Smulders said . "  She became one because , according to Carter and Craig , we 're exotic . Literally the words they used to me in season one : ` Well , I just feel like it 's really exotic . ' I never in my life have been called exotic . " For Radnor , "  How I Met Your Mother " has meant being involved in something groundbreaking in terms of storytelling . The extended arcs and serialized narrative structure was not widespread when the show premiered , but it has since become part of the TV landscape . "  We introduced some stuff that is now commonplace in some ways , " Radnor said . "  I was actually talking with Carter and Craig last night about how there 's this new fashion of dumping 12 episodes out . Like Netflix is now giving all these episodes , and they can do really serialized arcs . That 's what Carter and Craig excel at . That 's what they always wanted to do . Follow the locket or follow these different threads . "  I feel like in some ways we just did what we did really well , and the public mood caught up to us . When you 're at the top of the mountain and you look back , you say , ` Wow , we got to do some incredibly strange , amazing moments of television . ' "	"  How I Met Your Mother " cast previews details of final season New episodes will focus on Ted 's relationship with mother from show 's title The whole season will take place over a single weekend
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's air force has killed dozens of al Qaeda fighters in a series of U.S.-supported airstrikes in the country 's south , Yemeni officials said Tuesday . At least 38 suspected al Qaeda militants were killed in continuous raids on jihadist hideouts in Yemen 's southern provinces of Lahj and Abyan , three security officials told CNN . But the militants still control key towns linking both provinces despite 48 hours of nonstop bombardment , the officials said . Aden , the country 's business capital and major port , neighbors Lahj province and has been a target for al Qaeda attacks since January . Al Qaeda websites mysteriously fall silent "  The government does not want Lahj to turn into a launching pad for al Qaeda attacks . Aden will be in danger if the government does not react with force , " one official in the province told CNN . The official said the United States has taken part in three of the airstrikes , but said Yemen 's air force is leading the operation . He did not detail the type of support provided . "  The U.S. is involved in a number of the latest attacks , but that does not mean our air force is not in control of the raids occurring , " the official said . A second official said that strikes against al Qaeda will continue throughout the week and that militants have evacuated a number of posts . Pakistan sentences bin Laden widows The offensive comes after militants killed dozens of troops and seized large quantities of weapons when they raided a military zone earlier this week . Numerous other Yemeni soldiers are still being held hostage by militants since the attacks , two officials confirmed . Al Qaeda fighters have expanded their control over parts of Yemen in the past year , leading politicians to consider the option of dialogue with the militant network . Sheikh Sadeq Ahmar , head of the country 's most powerful Hashed tribe , said Monday that he supports talks with the jihadists . And in March , Ali Obaid , the spokesman for the country 's highest security authority , told CNN that Yemen 's military committee welcomed dialogue with al Qaeda if they accept specific terms , lay down their arms and hand over territory under their control .	Yemen 's air force has been pounding al Qaeda hideouts in the country 's south U.S. forces have assisted in at least three of the raids , a Yemeni official says The jihadist network has expanded its reach in southern Yemen in the past year
CNN  -- Eccentric former basketball star Dennis Rodman may not have brought imprisoned American Kenneth Bae back with him from North Korea , but he did emerge with something to announce . Along with representatives from Paddy Power , an online betting company , he will put together a "  basketball diplomacy " event involving players from North Korea , he said Monday . At a news conference , he called Kim Jong Un , ruler of the repressive state , a "  very good guy . " Rodman also set tongues wagging over the weekend by leaking the purported name of Kim 's baby daughter . Returning from his second trip to the reclusive , nuclear-armed nation , Rodman gave an interview Sunday with The Guardian , a British newspaper , in which he described the "  relaxing time by the sea " he spent with Kim and his family . ' A good dad ' The personal life of Kim and his wife , Ri Sol Ju , is shrouded in secrecy . Even his exact age remains unconfirmed by outsiders .  He is believed to be in his early 30s . Speculation sprang up last year that Ri might be pregnant after a photo carried by state media showed her wearing a long coat that could have been hiding a bump . But North Korean authorities kept quiet about the matter . The flamboyant Rodman , 52 , shed more light on the situation in his Guardian interview , including the daughter 's name . "  I held their baby Ju Ae and spoke with Ms. Ri as well , " he told the newspaper . He described Kim , who sits atop one of the world 's most repressive regimes , as "  a good dad . " Ruling dynasty The Kim dynasty has ruled North Korea for three generations . Kim Jong Un follows his father , Kim Jong Il , and grandfather , Kim Il Sung . The regime has pursued the development of nuclear weapons while millions of its subjects have been left impoverished and malnourished . It 's a little early to start speculating whether Ju Ae is a likely heir to her father , said Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in South Korea . Lankov , the author of the recent book "  The Real North Korea , " said the question of succession was unlikely to arise for at least another 30 years , assuming Kim Jong Un remains healthy . "  And I do n't believe the North Korean monarchy is going to last another 30 years , " he said . If it does , Kim and Ri are young enough to have several other children in the meantime . "  I would n't be surprised if they have five more , " he said . A big announcement ? Rodman has so far made no mention on his Twitter account of his bonding time with the Kim family . But he suggested late Sunday something was afoot . "  Just returned from North Korea . HUGE announcement tomorrow morning in NYC , " he said in a post . It was unclear what he was specifically referring to . The Guardian reported on his plans to organize a basketball game between American and Korean teams . American still imprisoned Rodman had already poured cold water on speculation he might have been trying to secure the release of Bae , the U.S. citizen serving a 15-year sentence of hard labor in North Korea . "  It is not my job to talk about Kenneth Bae , " he told reporters at the Beijing airport on Saturday . "  Ask Obama about that , ask Hillary Clinton about that , " Rodman said . "  Ask those -- holes . " Rodman had previously made no secret about his desire to help Bae , who has been transferred to a hospital after his health deteriorated . The retired NBA player once tweeted that he wanted Kim to "  do him a solid " by freeing the American prisoner . But Rodman 's friendship with Kim , an avid basketball fan , does n't appear to carry enough weight to get Bae out of jail . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korean officials to release Bae , who was convicted earlier this year of attempting to bring down the government . Pyongyang last month abruptly withdrew an invitation to a U.S. envoy who was to travel there to try to secure Bae 's release . Previous criticism Rodman was criticized over his first visit to North Korea , in February , during which he was pictured laughing and eating while watching a basketball game with Kim . That visit came during a period of escalating tensions in which North Korea threatened missile strikes on the United States and South Korea . The situation has gradually calmed over recent months . In his comments to The Guardian on Sunday , Rodman , one of the greatest rebounders in NBA history , continued to defend the North 's young leader . "  Kim is a great guy , he loves basketball , and he 's interested in building trust and understanding through sport and cultural exchanges , " he said . CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Basketball diplomacy " event announced He reportedly says that Kim 's daughter 's name is Ju Ae Rodman has just returned from his second visit to North Korea this year A North Korea expert says it 's too early to talk about whether the baby is a likely heir
CNN  -- For most European clubs , qualifying for the Champions League is a reason for great celebration . For Arsene Wenger , if his Arsenal team can pull that off for a 16th successive season , then it will represent something of a "  Great Escape " -- and strong dÃ © jÃ vu from the last campaign . Saturday 's 2-1 victory at West Brom lifted the London side up into the fourth and final qualifying place in England 's Premier League , raising hopes among fans that they might yet again be watching top European football in 2013-14 . London rivals Chelsea can reclaim that coveted position with victory at home to Sunderland on Sunday -- and even go third if Tottenham lose against sixth-placed Everton . And with runaway leaders Manchester United having all but sewn up a record-extending 20th title ahead of Monday 's derby with second-placed champions City , the fight for minor placings is much more intriguing . Failure to qualify will be a bitter blow for any one of the capital trio -- for Spurs after last season 's heartbreak ; for Chelsea 's ruthless owner Roman Abramovich after yet more big-scale investment in the team ; and for Wenger as it would raise the chances of his 17-year reign coming to an end . Then there are the financial implications : just qualifying for the Champions League group stage this season was worth $ 11 million for each of the 32 teams , plus television money and a $ 1.3 million bonus for each match victory -- rising substantially until the final , where $ 13.5 million is on offer for next month 's winner . "  It will be difficult and edgy until the end but the only thing I can say is that we are ready for a fight , " Wenger said after two goals from Tomas Rosicky put Arsenal ahead against eighth-placed West Brom before defender Per Mertesacker 's sending-off led to a penalty by James Morrison . "  We now we have one target -- to win our games . Then we do not have to look at Tottenham or at Chelsea . If we lose our games , you have always to look at the results of the others . "  That does n't work in our job . You have to focus on you , and you win the games . " It happened last season when Tottenham blew a 10-point advantage to allow Arsenal into third place , and then missed out on the Champions League when fifth-placed Chelsea won the final in Munich . That gave Wenger a stay of execution , despite extending Arsenal 's trophyless run to seven seasons , but this time the 63-year-old Frenchman has been under even more pressure after embarrassing exits to lower league sides in the domestic cup competitions and mixed EPL results . His team went out of the Champions League at the last-16 stage against Bayern Munich on away goals , though a defiant victory in Germany raised morale after a 3-1 mauling in the home leg . "  We have shown two aspects of our game today , " Wenger said . "  One that was very in control and with technical quality , and one that is less known -- fighting spirit , a resolute attitude and battling qualities that reflect well the spirit we have in our side . "  I believe that since November we have been on a good run in the Premier League . We have made 22 points out of the last 27 but our target is to continue to do that until the end of the season . " In Saturday 's other results , Aston Villa moved out of the bottom three with a 3-1 win at Stoke , as Belgium striker Christian Benteke wrapped it up with his 15th league goal this season and 19th overall . Reading stayed bottom on goal difference below Queens Park Rangers after losing 2-0 at home to new manager Nigel Adkins ' former club Southampton -- who sacked him in January after a five-game unbeaten run . Southampton climbed up to 11th place , seven points clear of the relegation zone , after a third successive win for new Argentine manager Mauricio Pochettino . Ninth-placed Swansea came from behind to draw 2-2 with Norwich , as Spanish forward Michu scored his 17th league goal this season for the Welsh club before fellow striker Luke Moore earned a point .	Arsene Wenger praises Arsenal 's attitude after claiming fourth place in EPL Saturday 's 2-1 victory over West Brom raises hopes of a Champions League place Arsenal battling with London rivals Chelsea and Tottenham for qualification Title race is all but over ahead of Monday 's Manchester derby clash
Paula Broadwell , a woman who was romantically involved with former CIA Director David Petraeus , will not face federal charges of cyberstalking another woman friendly with Petraeus . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Tampa informed Broadwell 's attorney Robert Muse of the decision in a brief letter dated December 14 . "  As the target of our investigation , we believe that it is appropriate to advise your client that our office has determined that no federal charges will be brought " regarding allegations of cyberstalking , Assistant U.S. Attorney W. Stephen Muldrow wrote . Muse told CNN he was "  very pleased that the U.S. Attorney 's office in Tampa very promptly resolved this matter . " A source close to Broadwell said the letter had been received Monday . "  She 's pleased with the prosecutor 's decision and glad it 's been resolved , " the source told CNN . Read more : After Petraeus scandal , Broadwell grapples with ` normal life ' Petraeus resigned November 9 after revealing that he 'd been involved in an extramarital affair . U.S. officials said the FBI discovered Petraeus was involved with Broadwell , a woman who was under investigation for sending allegedly harassing and anonymous e-mails to Jill Kelley , a Tampa socialite who was friendly with Petraeus and his wife . Sources close to Kelley said she had not been romantically involved with Petraeus . During the investigation the FBI obtained Broadwell 's computer and discovered she had classified materials . Investigators also searched Broadwell 's home in North Carolina . Sources said the materials were technically classified but not highly sensitive . Still the FBI and Justice Department prosecutors have not resolved whether Broadwell will face charges for having such materials in her personal possession . Sources close to Broadwell acknowledged that issue has not been resolved . Broadwell , 40 , wrote a biography of Petraeus , a retired general who led U.S. forces in Iraq and later in Afghanistan . A former Army reservist , Broadwell 's security clearance was suspended after details surfaced about her possessing classified materials . During the investigation it also came to light that Kelley and Army Gen. John Allen were exchanging e-mails , some of which might have been considered inappropriate . That matter was turned over to the Pentagon 's inspector general for investigation . Read more : Jill Kelley defends reputation after Petraeus scandal	Paula Broadwell happy to have cyberstalking case behind her , source says She wo n't face cyberstalking charges , U.S. Attorney 's office says Investigators tracked e-mails back to Broadwell The e-mails led investigators to Broadwell 's affair with former CIA Director David Petraeus
Washington  CNN  -- David Broder , a Pulitzer Prize-winning Washington Post political columnist , died Wednesday from complications relating to diabetes , the newspaper said . He was 81 . Broder , known as the "  dean of the Washington press corps , " won the Pulitzer in 1973 for his coverage of the Watergate scandal . He covered every national political convention since 1956 , according to the Post . "  David spent his professional life with political leaders at all levels of society , from precinct captains to presidents , on Capitol Hill , and in State Houses and City Halls in all fifty states , " Broder 's family said in a statement posted on the Post 's website . "  His greatest admiration and respect were always for the voters themselves , who would answer a knock on their door , let him into their homes , and share their observations on the issues of the day . Their passion for this country and its possibilities mirrored his own . To the countless thousands who ... inspired his curiosity and informed his reporting , we offer our thanks . " President Barack Obama issued a statement praising Broder 's reputation as "  the most respected and incisive political commentator of his generation . " "  Through all his success , David remained an eminently kind and gracious person , and someone we will dearly miss , " the president said .	NEW : Obama praises Broder as an "  incisive " commentator and a gracious individual David Broder has died at the age of 81 Broder , a Washington Post columnist , won the Pulitzer Prize for his 1973 coverage of Watergate Broder covered every national political convention since 1956
WIRED  -- LinkedIn announced a new platform Wednesday for its business-focused social networking site -- offering websites and developers easy tools to embed "  recommend " buttons , company-profile boxes and contact widgets on third-party websites -- as well as a way to log in to other sites using LinkedIn . Calling it "  a new platform for building the professional web , " LinkedIn is seeking to challenge Facebook 's growing control over online identity . Once just a site for sharing photos and updates with friends , Facebook has woven itself into the fabric of the net with its Open Graph platform , that lets other websites embed Facebook widgets , install "  Like " buttons , plug-in a commenting system , and let users log in with their Facebook credentials . Though LinkedIn 's new platform does n't mention Facebook by name , the term "  Professional Web " clearly shows the company trying to position itself as a more mature and respectable alternative to Facebook . The new tools rely on JavaScript APIs and the OAuth 2.0 system for logins  the same as used by Yahoo , Google and Twitter , among others  . Among the offerings : -- A Share button that posts a link to a page or news story to the user 's feed on LinkedIn . -- A Recommend button to give a vote to a product you like . WIRED : LinkedIn scores $ 53 million -- Member profile widgets that show the LinkedIn profile of a company executive or website owner . LinkedIn 's Share button joins a growing number of plugins that try to get users to spread the news about a site or news story , a pantheon that includes Facebook 's Like , Twitter 's Tweet button , and social voting and submission widgets from Digg and Reddit . For those who run their own blogs or websites , LinkedIn is making it simple to show off a snippet of your LinkedIn profile and for visitors logged into LinkedIn , they 'll see thumbnails of connections they have in common . Companies can also embed widgets that shows off employee profiles or profiles of companies featured on their site or in a news story , showing off the ones that are "  in " your network . The box can also be configured to show off key information about the company -- and a link to its official LinkedIn page -- instead of employee profiles . WIRED : LinkedIn to lay of 10 % of staff It 's a powerful challenge . LinkedIn has a solid and growing user base , one that 's shown it 's willing to pay for extra features . The company is preparing for an IPO , and extending the power of LinkedIn 's focus on business , not pleasure , outside of its online walls could help the company grow into a powerful competitor to Facebook . WIRED : Let IPOs bloom again -- LinkedIn files with SEC It would be the "  real world " site that people graduate to , from the college fun of Facebook . Unfortunately , LinkedIn 's platform faces the tough challenge of coming almost a year after Facebook debuted its Like button and its Open Graph API . In social networking years , it feels like almost a decade , and LinkedIn will have to work hard to convince websites and busy developers that it 's worth their time to graduate to the "  professional web , " as well . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	LinkedIn announces new platform for its business-focused social networking site Sites can embed "  recommend " buttons , company-profile boxes , contact widgets LinkedIn seeking to challenge Facebook 's growing control over online identity
Entertainment Weekly  -- If there were any justice , the divas who 've been trading off the No. 1 slot -- Mariah , Madonna , and newcomer Leona Lewis -- would also be slugging it out with a platinum-blond dark horse from Scandinavia . Swedish singer Robyn performs in London on April 19 . Enter Sweden 's Robyn , who arrives Stateside with "  Robyn , " an album that 's a veritable parade of Songs of the Summer . After landing a few mediocre teen-pop hits in the '90s  namely "  Show Me Love "  , she 's forsaken her white-soul dullness for hooky dance-pop greatness with help from electro-favoring fellow Swedes like the Teddybears and the Knife . From the girly hip-hop of " Konichiwa Bitches " to the Eurodisco defiance of " With Every Heartbeat , " she 's developed a real backbone to go with that asymmetrical ` do . Not since Pink 's "  M!ssundaztood " has an easily dismissed young thrush made so unexpected a leap to career artist . That comparison starts with Robyn 's first single , " Handle Me " -- a less nasty but even hookier version of Pink 's lounge-lizard-repelling "  U + Ur Hand . " But she hardly sticks to playing a tough cookie : The next song , "  Bum Like You , " offers an amusing , knowing lesson in How to Fall for a Jerk 101 . Meanwhile , in the pensive , timbales - 'n' - synths-driven "  Who 's That Girl , " Robyn decries her guy 's impossible standards . "  Good girls are pretty , like , all the time , " she sings . "  I 'm just pretty some of the time . " Her album , however ? Fantastic all of the time . EW Grade : A E-mail to a friend CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW : Singer achieves hooky dance-pop greatness Robyn had early success in the 1990s with hits such as "  Show Me Love " Her look and style has been compared to singer Pink
CNN  Locked inside the gemstone there appears to be a human face . As the jewel is turned it fragments , appearing to be looking in several different directions at once . How the disembodied head , which seems to have a life of its own , was spirited into the gem seems to be something of a mystery . "  It is a sacred thing to create a face , " says Wallace Chan , 58 , the Chinese artisan jeweler that produced the piece . "  It 's like a ghost appearing in the gem as you work . The dialogue of gemstone , color and light gives it life . "  There is a Buddhist saying that every person has many selves , and that inspired me spiritually as I created this work . " The work , Now and Always , is a depiction of Horae , the Greek goddess of the seasons . Her dancing was said to move the year from through winter to fall , spring and summer . Such a multifaceted figure from mythology seemed the perfect inspiration for the jeweler . Chan 's exceptional artistry has caught the eye of a number of high-profile buyers , including Francois Curiel , chairman of Christie 's in Asia , and Prince Henrik of Denmark . Carving out his own identity It 's not the first time that Chan has "  created " a human face in a jewel . But Now and Always is certainly the finest demonstration of the "  Wallace cut " , a technique that Chan invented and perfected over decades . Rather than cutting into the surface of the jewel , shaping it into a geometric form , Chan cuts into it from the back , carving out complex images from inside the gem . "  Every stroke and cut has to consider movement of the light , " he says . "  It took a lot of practice because I had to learn how to carve in reverse . "  When you work from the back of the jewel , right is left , top is bottom and deep becomes shallow . It is like having to drive a car backwards and forwards at the same time . " Chan uses a dentist 's drill with a specially adapted blade , which rotates 36,000 times a minute . When he started using the tool , he quickly realized that the heat generated would damage the gemstone -- a major problem with material that is this expensive . So he developed a technique of working under cold water . "  It means I ca n't see clearly when I 'm cutting , " he says . "  It becomes a very repetitive process . I make one cut , take it out of the water to check it , dry the stone , check it again , and if it 's fine I put it back in the water and make another cut . " This is a painstaking process , but for Chan it is also a meditative one . He puts his "  soul and consciousness into the creation " , he says , and becomes so absorbed that he "  forgets -LSB- his -RSB- own existence " . "  My mind is one with the work , and my physical self is removed from the gemstone , " he explains . "  It 's quite emotional , because I 'm within in the inner world of gemstone , focused on how the light enters and interacts with the colors . " From rags to riches Chan 's technique is the culmination of many years of development . He was born in a poor part of Fuzhou in 1958 , and left school at the age of 13 . In order to support his family , he became an apprentice to a sculptor making Chinese religious iconography . He went on to study Western sculpture , and in 1974 set up his own workshop . After being commissioned by a Taiwanese art collector to make a jeweled "  stupa " , or Buddhist reliquary , Chan 's focus shifted from sculpture to jewelery and he began to explore innovative techniques . He began setting jewels in titanium instead of gold , which allowed him to create "  jewelery sculptures " that were still light enough to wear . He also experimented with using gems to fix each other in place , rather than metal settings , as well as new methods of cutting jade . But his dream was to find an entirely new way of working with gemstones . Gradually , he refined his ideas until he arrived at the concept of reverse cutting . In the Eighties he began to practice , using cheap crystals . But after a year-and-a-half , he realized that the tools he had been using were not equal to the task . So he visited factories that produced medical instruments , and after six months of research , came up with the idea of modifying a dentist 's drill . The rest is history . "  It was the only way to satisfy the standard I wanted to achieve , " he says . The height of exclusivity Chan was the first Asian artist to exhibit his work at the prestigious Bienalle des Antiquaires in Paris . In 2012 , he showed "  Great Wall " , a necklace made of diamond maple leaves with a central jade stone . It sold for $ 73.5 million . This year , he showed "  Vividity " , a brooch featuring a deep pink , 64-carat Elbaite tourmaline surrounded by rubies and colored diamonds . These pieces of jewelry carry such an aura of exclusivity that it is rare to find a Chan piece on the open market . Most of his work is sold directly to collectors , who are loath to sell them on . When they are put up for sale , they carry hefty price tags . Two years ago , a small pair of Chan earrings sold in Hong Kong for $ 555,000 . "  Each piece can take me thousands of hours , " he says . "  It is like going on a journey each time . " The future Underground : London 's new spaceship-style tube trains Did artists eerily predict the Ukraine crisis ? Would you eat Fukushima soup ? The lost art of the American pin-up	Chinese jewelry designer Wallace Chan places human faces inside precious stones He has developed an innovative carving technique over 13 years Chan 's pieces have sold for as much as $ 73.5 million
CNN  -- Serbia are through to the semifinals of the world basketball championships in Istanbul after a narrow 92-89 victory over holders and European champions Spain on Wednesday . In a repeat of last year 's European final , Serbia gained their revenge when a Milos Teodosic three-pointer with just three seconds remaining secured a thrilling win . Serbia had the upper hand for most of the match , leading by four points at the end of the first quarter and eight points at half-time . Spain rallied in the third quarter and at one stage nine unanswered points saw them take the lead in a see-saw session . However , the period ended with Serbia three points to the good and they held an advantage until 28 seconds from time when Marc Gasol of NBA side Memphis Grizzlies levelled the score . But with Serbia in possession , Milos Teodosic , who plays for Greek side Olympiakos , let the clock run low before unleashing a three-pointer to put his side back in front with just 3.1 seconds remaining . The result means Spain have failed to reach the semifinals of a major tournament for the first time since the 2004 Athens Olympics . Meanwhile , host nation Turkey continued their march in the competition , reaching the last four with a comfortable 95-68 success over Slovenia .	Serbia through to the semifinals of the world basketball championships They claim a 92-89 victory over holders and European champions Spain A late Milos Teodosic three-pointer secured a surprise success for Serbia The result was revenge for Spain 's win over Serbia in the 2009 European final
New York  CNN  -- The flight attendant whose dramatic departure from a JetBlue plane at a New York City airport has transformed him into a folk hero to some wants his job back , his lawyer told reporters Thursday . "  That 's his life , " Steven Slater 's Legal Aid defense attorney Howard Turman told reporters outside his client 's home in Queens , near John F. Kennedy International Airport , where Slater 's exit via an emergency slide vaulted him to national attention . "  His father was a pilot ; his mother was a flight attendant . That 's in his blood . That 's what he likes to do . " Whether Slater can regain his wings was unclear . "  We 're conducting an internal investigation regarding his status as an employee at JetBlue , " said airline spokeswoman Jenny Dervin , who added that Slater has been removed from duty pending the outcome of that internal inquiry . She described Slater 's behavior as unlike that of the New York-based airline 's other 2,300 flight attendants . "  I would say this is highly unique , " she said . But an internal memo sent Thursday by JetBlue Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Rob Maruster and obtained by CNN describes a company that appears unlikely to forgive . "  Intentionally arming and deploying an evacuation slide for anything other than the express purpose of protecting the safety of our crew and customers is unacceptable , " it says . "  It will not , and can not , be tolerated . " During the defense lawyer 's remarks , the 20-year flight attendant stood at his side and smiled occasionally but made only one brief remark : "  Thank you all so much , " he said . "  It 's been amazing -- the support and the love and everything that 's been brought to me and given to me by my community and my friends and the industry at large . It 's been absolutely wonderful . " The incident may not have appeared so wonderful when it began unfolding Monday morning at Pennsylvania 's Pittsburgh International Airport where , according to JetBlue spokeswoman Dervin , Slater was one of two flight attendants aboard an Embraer 190 flight that was scheduled to depart at 10:35 a.m. and arrive 84 minutes later at JFK . Problems began before the flight , carrying a full load of 100 passengers , took off . "  A number of passengers were competing for overhead carry-on luggage areas , " Turman , Slater 's attorney , said . "  With great difficulty , they were shoving the bags around , attempting to get it in . Steven came over to assist and either the bag or the overhead  bin door  hit him in the head and at that point he suffered an injury . " Turman offered a more graphic description of events on Wednesday , when he said a woman "  started cursing and -- based on the information -- slammed the overhead luggage bin on his head . " Then the woman said , "  F -- you " to Slater , Turman said . After the flight landed at JFK , Slater approached the woman as she attempted to retrieve her bag from the bin while the plane was still taxiing to the gate , according to a source familiar with the incident . Passengers are required to stay in their seats with their seat belts fastened until the pilot has reached the gate and gives the all-clear sign . "  We hear Slater on the intercom , ` Will people on the aisle please sit down ? We 're on an active runway , ' " recalled passenger Howard Deneroff , an executive with the Westwood One radio network . Then Slater made a second announcement , Deneroff told CNN . "  Please sit down and shut the overhead bin . We can not move this plane while you 're standing . " The passenger cursed Slater again , Turman said Wednesday . Her fury grew upon learning she would have to wait at baggage claim to retrieve luggage she had been forced to check at the gate in Pittsburgh , he said . At that point , Slater got on the plane 's public address system . Passenger Phil Catelinet wrote on his blog that Slater said , "  To the passenger who just called me a motherf ----- : f -- you . I 've been in this business 20 years , and I 've had it . " The plane was blocked into the gate at 12:07 p.m. , eight minutes late . After making an expletive-filled announcement , Slater had a confrontation with another crew member , according to passenger Gib Mendelson of Cape Elizabeth , Maine . "  We see him grabbing his roller bag that all flight personnel use . He tossed it out the right door of the plane , " Mendelson , a semi-retired attorney , told CNN . "  He was scuffling with either the pilot or the co-pilot . I noticed a lot of blue ; there was a lot of movement in the galley area . " Slater then grabbed some beer from the beverage cart before deploying the emergency slide and leaving . The flight crew reported the slide deployment at 12:12 p.m. , according to Maruster 's memo . Turman sharply denied a JetBlue passenger 's assertion published Thursday that the flight attendant instigated the confrontation . "  It 's not so , " said Turman . "  Sometimes , some people in our society are not courteous and are impatient , " Turman said . "  For 20 years , Steven has been very patient , has dealt with the passengers in each of the airlines he worked for in an effective and courteous and polite manner . Sometimes that point can be taken advantage of by others . " He added , "  If you think it 's easy for flight attendants to get on a plane every day and be concerned for the safety of each and every passenger -- without a tension , without a stress -- you 're fooling yourselves . " Slater has pleaded not guilty to charges of reckless endangerment and criminal mischief -- both felonies -- and criminal trespass . If convicted , he could face a maximum of seven years in prison . But Turman said Thursday he had spoken with the district attorney 's office , "  and I believe there will be a favorable outcome for my client that should satisfy all parties in this case . " A spokeswoman for the prosecutor did not respond directly to Turman 's remarks . "  We will prosecute this case in the court , " said Meris Campbell of the district attorney 's office . "  We 're not going to respond to every press conference the attorney gives . " Slater has a court appearance scheduled for September 7 . Meanwhile , Slater had amassed more than 191,000 "  fans " on a public Facebook page as of Thursday evening . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	NEW : JetBlue memo shows management may be unwilling to forgive JetBlue flight attendant Steven Slater is charged with two felonies He made a dramatic emergency-slide exit from an aircraft Monday His attorney says he is optimistic about a settlement with prosecutors
Tribune Media Services  -- Be forewarned , Ireland is seductive . Traditions are strong and stress is a foreign word . I fell in love with the friendliest land this side of Sicily . It all happened in a Gaeltacht . As you explore the lush Dingle Peninsula , you 'll see how the Emerald Isle got its name . Gaeltachts are national parks for the traditional culture , where the government protects the old Irish ways . Shaded green on many maps , these regions brighten the west coast of the Emerald Isle . Gaeltacht means a place where Gaelic  or Irish  is spoken . But the Irish culture is more than just the language . You 'll find it tilling the rocky fields , singing in the pubs , and lingering in the pride of the small-town preschool that brags "  All Gaelic . " The Dingle Peninsula -- green , rugged , and untouched -- is my favorite Gaeltacht . While the big tour buses clog the neighboring Ring of Kerry before heading east to kiss the Blarney Stone , in Dingle it still feels like the fish and the farm actually matter . Fishing boats still sail from Dingle , and a nostalgic whiff of peat scents its nighttime air , offering visitors an escape into pure Ireland . For 30 years my Irish dreams have been set here , on this sparse but lush peninsula where locals are fond of saying , "  The next parish is Boston . " Of the peninsula 's 10,000 residents , 1,500 live in Dingle Town . Its few streets , lined with ramshackle but gaily painted shops and pubs , run up from a rain-stung harbor , home to a friendly dolphin . You 'll see teenagers -- already working on ruddy beer-glow cheeks -- roll kegs up the streets and into the pubs in preparation for another night of music and craic  fun conversation and atmosphere  . The Dingle Peninsula is worth exploring by bike or car . It 's 10 miles wide and runs 40 miles from Tralee to Slea Head . The top of its mountainous spine is Mount Brandon , at 3,130 feet , the second-tallest mountain in Ireland . While only tiny villages lie west of Dingle Town , the peninsula is home to 500,000 sheep . The weather on this distant tip of Ireland is often misty , foggy , and rainy . But do n't complain -- as locals will explain , there is no bad weather ... only inappropriate clothing . Leaving Dingle Town by car or bike , it becomes clear that the peninsula is an open-air museum . It 's littered with monuments reminding visitors that the town has been the choice of Bronze Age settlers , Dark Age monks , English landlords , and Hollywood directors  "  Ryan 's Daughter , " and "  Far and Away "  . The Milestone B&B decorates its front yard not with a pink flamingo , but with an ancient pillar stone -- one of more than 2,000 stony pieces in the puzzle of prehistoric life here . Near the red , two-room schoolhouse , a street sign warns Taisteal go Mall -- Slow Down . Near the playground , students hide out in circular remains of a late Stone Age ring fort . In 500 B.C. it was a petty Celtic chieftain 's headquarters , a stone-and-earth stockade filled with little stone houses . Many of these ring forts survived the centuries because of superstitious beliefs that they were "  fairy forts . " The wet sod of Dingle is soaked with medieval history . In the darkest depths of the Dark Ages , when literate life almost died in Europe , peace-loving , bookwormish monks fled the chaos of barbarian raids on the continent . They sailed to this drizzly fringe of the known world and lived their monastic lives in lonely stone igloos or "  beehive huts , " which you 'll see dotting the landscape . Several groups of these mysterious huts , called clochans , line the road . Built without mortar by seventh-century monks , these huts take you back . Climb into one . You 're all alone , surrounded by dank mist and the realization that it was these monks who kept literacy alive in Europe . To give you an idea of their importance , Charlemagne , who ruled much of Europe in the year 800 , imported Irish monks to be his scribes . Rounding Slea Head , the point in Europe closest to America , the rugged coastline offers smashing views of deadly black-rock cliffs and the distant Blasket Islands . The crashing surf races in like white horses , while longhaired sheep graze peacefully on the green hillside . Study the highest fields , untouched since the planting of 1845 , when the potatoes never matured and rotted in the ground . The great famine of that year , through starvation or emigration , nearly halved Ireland 's population . Because its endearing people have endured so much , Ireland is called "  The Terrible Beauty . " Take your time at the Gallaras Oratory , circa A.D. 800 , the sightseeing highlight of your peninsula tour . One of Ireland 's best-preserved early Christian churches , its shape is reminiscent of an upturned boat . Its watertight dry-stone walls have sheltered travelers and pilgrims for 1,200 years . From the Oratory , continue up the rugged one-lane road to the crest of the hill and then coast back to Dingle Town -- hungry , thirsty , and ready for a pint . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
Militant fighters tightened their grip Sunday on western Iraq as security forces withdrew from a handful of towns in Anbar province , moving closer to Baghdad . The news that Iraqi forces withdrew from at least three towns in the province raised questions about whether Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government is giving up on the region . It also comes the same day that Iran 's religious leader condemned any U.S. involvement in Iraq , saying al-Maliki 's government can handle its own problems . "  The United States is trying to portray this as a sectarian war . But what is happening in Iraq is not a war between Shiite and Sunnis , " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said in a statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency . He blamed the attacks in Iraq on the remnants of Saddam Hussein 's regime and extremists . But U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , speaking from Cairo , said no one should mistake what is happening and why . "  This is about  ISIS  designs on the state of Iraq , " he said . " ... The United States is prepared to help Iraq stand up against that . " As part of that effort , Kerry called on al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government to rise above "  sectarian motivations " to become more inclusive , more representative of its population . Closer and closer to Baghdad As international pressure mounts on al-Maliki , ISIS fighters continued their advance from the west and north on Baghdad . Iraqi security officials told CNN that Tal Afar airbase in northern Iraq was taken by militants believed to be ISIS on Sunday afternoon . Militants took over the town of Tal Afar last week but by Sunday , they also controlled the air base completely , officials said . Thousands of Shiite Turkmen families fled the town last week when ISIS attacked the town . The western Anbar town of Rutba , 113 kilometers  about 70 miles  from the borders of Jordan and Saudi Arabia , was in the hands ISIS fighters , two security sources in Baghdad and one in Anbar told CNN on Sunday . With the capture Saturday of Qaim on the border with Syria , where ISIS enjoys a stronghold , and a number of other towns in Anbar province , the fighters now have a direct line to the western outskirts of Baghdad . At least 70 % of the province is under the control of ISIS , two security officials in the region told CNN . Iraqi forces withdrew from Haditha , about 270 kilometers  about 168 miles  northwest of Baghdad , during the overnight hours , two security officials in Anbar , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . Sunni tribes considered friendly to the Iraqi army took over security for the town , but officials believe it will fall to ISIS , said the officials , who are not authorized to speak to the media . Haditha is home to the largest hydroelectric plant in Anbar , which is vital to the water supply of the province . Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , told reporters there was a "  strategic withdrawal " in some areas but did not detail the specific locations . He said the withdrawals were part of a campaign to "  open all these fronts so we can strengthen our positions . " What is ISIS -- and what does it want ? Even so , there is a question of whether Iraqi forces can retake the regions under the control of well-armed ISIS fighters . The fighters launched an attack during the overnight hours against one of the two remaining military bases in Anbar , two security officials in the province told CNN . The fighters attacked Khalidiya military base , near Ramadi , but were unable to take it and withdrew early Sunday , the officials said . Al-Asad , a large Iraqi air force base , and the nearby town of Hit are still under the control of the central government . The expectation , the officials say , is that both will be attacked next . Despite the government effort to protect the Iraqi capital , minor clashes were reported between Sunni insurgents , possibly ISIS fighters , and Iraqi security forces in the Sunni town of Abu Ghraib very near Baghdad 's western border , according to security officials . Violence elsewhere in Iraq Sporadic violence was reported across Iraq , including in the Shiite-dominated city of Hillah , about 95 kilometers  60 miles  south of Baghdad , where a recruiting station was shelled . At least four people were killed and 34 were wounded in the attack on the recruiting station , where hundreds of predominantly Shiite men were answer a call to arms to protect Iraq . In the northern city of Mosul , site of one of the first major victories for ISIS militants , witnesses told CNN on Sunday that the group used vehicle-mounted loudspeakers to announce that it had decided to form Islamic Sharia courts in the city . The group also reportedly removed statues of the Christian Virgin Mary , Arab poet Abu Tammam and singer Mulla Othman , witnesses said . The Iraqi government was waiting for the initial group of U.S. military advisers to arrive in Iraq soon , a senior defense official said . This first detail is expected to be very small , the official said . The total number of U.S. military advisers who will eventually deploy will be about 300 . In addition , some U.S. military personnel already at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad will be reassigned and become advisers , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . More than 1 million Iraqis flee homes since ISIS "  No solution " if Iraqi political structure not fixed As ISIS advances toward Baghdad , call for fighting volunteers	John Kerry urges Iraqi leadership to rise above "  sectarian motivations " Army spokesman says troops conducted "  strategic withdrawals " in places Fighters continue advancing towards Baghdad from west and north Iranian leader condemns any attempts at U.S. involvement
Boston  CNN  -- After deliberating for more than 20 hours over three days , jurors in the James "  Whitey " Bulger trial wrapped up for the day Thursday afternoon and will be back at it for a fourth day on Friday . The eight-man , four-woman federal panel asked Thursday to see one of the pieces of evidence in the case -- a gun with an obliterated serial number . The last charge in the 32-count indictment accuses Bulger of possession of firearms with obliterated serial numbers . Bulger , 83 , is accused of racketeering , including involvement in 19 killings , and also 13 counts of extortion and money-laundering during a 20-year "  reign of terror " that defined South Boston from the early '70s through 1995 , when Bulger fled Boston . Outside the courtroom , Bulger 's lead attorney , J.W. Carney , said he was "  very , very proud of the service these jurors have provided to us no matter what the outcome of the trial . " Carney added that it was difficult waiting for a verdict "  because we invested at this point two years of work to get this case ready for trial . " "  The longer the jury stays out the more it shows us they are as conscientious a jury as I have ever seen , " Carney said . "  I know that the prosecutors also believe that , the judge believes that . We are very pleased at that . " The widow of one of Bulger 's alleged murder victims said separately that she believed "  the jurors are looking at the situation and trying to do right by all of us . " Patricia Donahue , who has been at the trial almost every day with her three sons , added , "  We been putting our lives on hold since this trial started -- it 's tough ... but it 's almost over now . " Still , Donahue said , "  If deliberations go for a long period of time I 'm going to start to worry about a mistrial . " ` You 're a coward ! ' widow yells at Bulger On Wednesday , jurors submitted five questions for the judge . One of the questions involved the second count of the federal racketeering charge , with that lengthy count including numerous alleged acts and involvement in killings . Jurors wanted to know whether they needed to vote unanimously on the 33 "  predicate acts , " including the 19 murders . U.S. District Court Judge Denise Casper answered in the affirmative , although she advised jurors that if they were unable to reach a decision on a specific act , they can move on and decide the next act . For Bulger to be found guilty under that racketeering count , one of the major charges against him , jurors must agree that prosecutors proved he committed at least two of the acts within a 10-year period . During the seven-week trial , jurors heard dramatic testimony from convicted gangsters , bookies , extortion victims , a disgraced FBI supervisor , ex-drug dealers , retired FBI agents and relatives of people Bulger is accused of killing . Prosecutors called 63 witnesses . The defense called 10 . Former hit man John Martorano testified for both sides , for a total of 72 witnesses over 35 days . Bulger never took the stand despite repeated hints from his lawyers throughout trial he would testify . In fact , Bulger seemed to want to testify . Questioned by Judge Casper , Bulger called his decision a "  choice made involuntarily . " Bulger was a fugitive for more than 16 years , disappearing after a crooked FBI agent told him he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . The FBI tracked him down and arrested him in 2011 in Santa Monica , California , where he had been living with his girlfriend under an alias . Bulger 's attorneys release photos designed to show his softer side	NEW : Jurors will return Friday for a fourth day of deliberations in the Bulger trial NEW : Widow of alleged Bulger murder victim says "  it 's almost over now " "  Whitey " Bulger was a reputed mob boss in South Boston Charges against him include racketeering and involvement in 19 killings
Atlanta  CNN  -- They wanted to take the chance while they have it . The chance , they said , to live a life without fear . So they lined up Wednesday at lawyers ' offices and immigration help centers to complete deferred deportation applications posted online the day before . This was not amnesty or immunity . Nor was it a shortcut to citizenship or a permanent fix to their status : each was illegally in America . But they had hope in their hearts they would be allowed to stay in the country they knew as their own . That they could emerge from the shadows . Ana Laura , 20 , and Juana Ramirez , 23 , filled out their form at Atlanta attorney Charles Kuck 's suburban office . Their parents brought them to the United States from the Mexican state of Michoacan many years ago . They were just toddlers . And they were without any documentation . Face of hope : Lining up to spend two more years in the U.S. . They finished high school in Chicago and moved to Georgia three years ago , where they get by working odd jobs here and there . They consider themselves U.S. citizens . Only , they 're not . "  I did n't have a choice to come here . I have done nothing bad here , " Juana said . On this day , when a bold new immigration policy change went into effect , the Ramirez sisters dared to dream and found themselves tempering their emotions . "  I 'm scared to get my hopes up , " Ana said . Scared perhaps because there are no guarantees that come attached to President Barack Obama 's executive order signed in June . It allows undocumented immigrants under 30 who were brought to the United States as children to apply for a temporary deferral of deportation if they are in school or have finished school . It allows them to obtain work permits and gives them protection that they wo n't be deported in the next two years . After that , Obama would need to sign a new order , unless legislation known as the DREAM Act , which has similar provisions , is made into law by then . If Obama loses the November election , there is no guarantee that such a policy would be in place in two years , when all applicants have to renew . U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service has assured prospective applicants that their information will remain confidential and will not be used to round up other undocumented family members . Still , the risks made some stop to wonder . David Hernandez , 17 , was one . He and his brother Daniel , 15 , listened carefully to Kuck as he detailed the program . The brothers arrived in the United States on tourist visas 15 years ago . Like the Ramirez sisters , they were toddlers -- David was 3 and Daniel just 1 . Their mother , Salima Hernandez , wanted education and a better future for her children . She said she did n't worry about their legal status until she learned that they would not be able to continue their education without a government-issued ID or Social Security number . David , now a senior in high school , and Daniel , a freshman , say they were not aware of their status until a couple of years ago , when they began to make plans for college . "  I felt that after high school I did n't have anywhere to go , " David said . "  I felt that if it was not something coming up soon I would end up back in Mexico . " Relief from deportation Yes , he was concerned about revealing his status to federal authorities . They would know now who he was and how to find him . But it was worth it . "  Whatever comes in the future is better than three months ago , " he said . The night before in Houston , thousands of people flocked to the consulates of Mexico and El Salvador to obtain passports and other identification documents from their home countries , CNN affiliate KHOU-TV reported . The line wrapped around the building on 4506 Caroline Street , home of the Mexican consulate . Nelly Hernanez said she 'd been waiting a lifetime for this . What was a few hours more ? "  I 've been raised here since I was four , so I 've been waiting for this day for a very long time . So it is worth it , " she told KHOU . Roger Tamez wanted to finally get a driver 's license , go back to school . Maybe play football . So many dreams in that one line . There were dreams , too , floating in the swelling crowd at the offices of the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights in Los Angeles . The immigrant rights group expected about 1,000 people to show up Wednesday . It 's estimated that just in the Los Angeles school district alone , 218,000 young immigrants are eligible to apply . Obama 's executive order brought thousands relief but many are painfully aware of their sharpest critics who say deferred deportations and the DREAM Act are a form of backdoor amnesty . What also cuts , they said , are charges that illegal immigrants will take jobs away from rightful Americans . Everyone has an opinion , said Martin Bustos , 23 , who came to the United States from Mexico when he was 11 . But standing in line Wednesday , Bustos offered this thought : there were some jobs that most people do n't want but immigrants are willing to take . And that immigrants work just as hard . "  We are like everyone else too , " he said . "  We are human . We have families . " In New York , Antonio Alarcon , 17 , just finished high school . He flipped through the form and spoke of how the six years he has been here has transformed . He feels much more American now than Mexican . "  I work hard . I pay taxes . I have a lot to contribute , " he said . He hoped his deportation deferment application would be processed quickly so he can see his parents again . They felt worn down by the economic downturn and the stress of their illegal status and finally went back to Mexico this year . They were not there to see their son stand on a stage and graduate at the top of his class . Alarcon hoped that the next time he saw his mother and father , he would be enrolled in college . It was another dream that the immigration policy change could help come true . Five things to know about the changes in immigration policy CNN 's Rafael Romo , Gustavo Valdes , Rose Arce and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	This was not amnesty or a fast track to citizenship But deportation deferral allows young undocumented immigrants to stay , work in the U.S. Many said they were brought here as babies and did not have a choice Some worried about divulging information to authorities
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- The body found inside an SUV Monday morning has been confirmed to be Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Hudson 's 7-year-old nephew , a top FBI official said . The white SUV where the child 's body was found is taken away to be examined by investigators . The medical examiner positively identified the body found in the white Chevrolet Suburban as Julian King , Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis said Monday afternoon . Julian had been shot to death , said police spokeswoman Monique Bond . Police are collecting evidence from the Suburban and reviewing surveillance tapes from all over the city as the investigation continues , Weis told reporters . "  There 's a lot of work to be done . We 'll be sure we go through this thoroughly , " he said . Asked about possible motives , Weis said , "  We do n't know what the motive really was at this time . But , clearly you have people who do know each other , so it was n't a case of a stranger-type homicide . " Earlier Monday Deputy Chief Cmdr. Wayne Gulliford said police found the body inside a parked white Chevy Suburban with a license plate matching the description in the child 's Amber Alert , after responding to "  a call about a suspicious auto " on Chicago 's West Side at approximately 7 a.m. . He had no details on the body , pending the medical examiner 's report . Julian has been missing since Hudson 's mother and brother were found dead in their home Friday . Watch police say they 've ID 'd the body " Over the weekend , Hudson offered a $ 100,000 reward for the safe return of her nephew . "  Please keep praying for our family and that we get Julian King back home safely , " Hudson said in a posting on her MySpace page Sunday . "  If anyone has any information about his whereabouts please contact the authorities immediately . " Hudson also posted two pictures of her nephew wearing the brown-and-orange striped polo shirt he was wearing when he was last seen . Earlier , Hudson viewed the bodies of her mother , Darnell Donerson , and brother , Jason Hudson , the Cook County medical examiner 's office told CNN on Sunday . They were found shot to death Friday in their South Side Chicago home . Watch the latest on the Hudson case " Julian 's stepfather , William Balfour , was detained over the weekend for questioning in connection with the case , a police spokesperson told CNN . He was subsequently transferred to prison on a parole violation charge , the spokesperson said . No charges had been filed against anyone in connection with the murders . According to the Illinois Department of Corrections , Balfour , 27 , spent nearly seven years in prison for attempted murder , vehicular hijacking and possessing a stolen vehicle . Chicago news station WLS reported Saturday that Julian was not with Balfour when he was detained . Hudson 's sister , Julia Balfour , made an emotional appeal Saturday for the safe return of her son . "  My greatest fear has already happened , my greatest hope is for having my child . I just want my son , " Julia Balfour said . "  That 's all I have to say . Just let my baby go . " William Balfour 's mother , Michele Davis-Balfour , also urged the public to focus on finding Julian and said her son had nothing to do with the slayings . "  Out of no means did my son do this . This heinous crime to this family is unbelievable . It 's unbearable , " Davis-Balfour told WLS . Watch Davis-Balfour 's emotional appeal " Deputy Police Chief Joseph Patterson said the bodies of Hudson 's mother and brother were found about 3 p.m. Friday , when a relative arrived and found the body of a woman on the living room floor . The relative backed out of the house and called police , Patterson said . Authorities found a man shot to death in a bedroom . The Cook County medical examiner 's office said Saturday that Donerson and Jason Hudson suffered multiple gunshot wounds and ruled the deaths homicides . Neighbors reported hearing gunshots earlier Friday , Patterson said . Authorities found no signs of forced entry to the home and were not sure whether other items were missing . Watch the scene outside the house " "  You 've got two people who were killed inside a home . That alone will produce a great deal of evidence , " Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis said of forensic evidence at the crime scene . Hudson won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her portrayal of Effie in the film version of the Broadway musical "  Dreamgirls . " She competed on the third season of "  American Idol " in 2004 , making it to the top seven contestants before being eliminated from the contest . CNN 's Susan Roesgen and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Julian King , 7 , was shot to death , a police spokeswoman says Police collecting evidence from Suburban , reviewing surveillance tapes Julian King missing since Friday , when Hudson 's mother , brother were shot dead Actress identified bodies of her mother and brother for medical examiner
Jackson Hole , China  CNN  -- Looking for a weekend escape from the city , Annie Liu and her husband fell in love at first sight with a log home in Jackson Hole and bought it for less than $ 300,000 . Five years on , a weekly 90-minute drive from their downtown apartment to the house has long been the norm . They enjoy gardening , barbecuing or simply relaxing in their getaway surrounded by mountains -- but often shrouded in Beijing 's infamous smog . Yes , the couple 's three-bedroom weekend home lies on the outskirts of the Chinese capital -- thousands of miles away from the original Jackson Hole valley in the U.S. state of Wyoming , which is known for its breathtaking natural beauty . The Chinese Jackson Hole is more crowded , containing some 1,000 single-family houses inspired by rustic lodges in the American frontier . Still , wealthy locals are lured to this sprawling development by the promise of living in the "  Wild West . " After driving past security guards in cowboy outfits patrolling "  Route 66 " on golf carts , Liu 's husband Lu Jun pulled over their SUV at the end of a cul-de-sac one recent Sunday . Opening the door to a world of Americana , Liu and Lu -- both lawyers in Beijing -- proudly displayed their fondness for the United States by adding personal touches to the built-in furniture and decoration that evoke the Old West . She studied and worked in Indianapolis for two years from 2003 to 2005 , during which time he visited . Adorning the earthy-toned walls are colorful license plates from the U.S. states -- including Wyoming -- they have traveled to and a large framed copy of the American Declaration of Independence . "  We want more freedom , " said Liu , 40 , pointing to the framed copy she bought in Florida . "  This is a milestone --  we hang it here  partially for the history , partially for our profession . " "  Many people have been to the United States and enjoy the environment there , " Lu , 55 , added . "  Those who have n't think this place is authentic America and they like it . " That 's proven to be a great selling point for developer Liu Xiangyang since he -- with the help of an American designer -- launched the Jackson Hole project a decade ago . He has sold almost all the houses , and seen the property value double over the years with the bigger homes now fetching $ 1 million each . Official data shows that a typical urban resident in China earned less than $ 4,000 in 2012 . Annie Liu -- who is not related to the developer -- and her husband feel pleased about their purchase as early believers , and bought a second , bigger house here last year . They say other homeowners share their appreciation for the American culture and values that are reflected in the architecture and setting , despite frequent news reports on rising tensions between the two nations . "  We like the States and we like the lifestyle , " Liu said . "  Let the governments worry about the things that should be worried about by them . " Her sentiment echoes the most recent results of an annual survey on Chinese people 's attitude towards the United States by the Pew Research Center , a Washington-based think tank . Although the Pew study finds Chinese public perceptions of the United States becoming less favorable in 2012 , it notes : "  There is one constant : richer , younger , more educated , and urban Chinese all express a more positive view of  the soft power  aspects of America 's image . And this also holds true for overall ratings of the U.S. " Developer Liu is a fan of the United States as well , overseeing construction for the next phase on his 70-square-kilometer lot -- the size of 13,000 American football fields . His plans include 2,000 townhouses mimicking the feel of Mendocino , a scenic coastal town in northern California , and a winery that he says will rival Napa Valley in ten years . In between sipping wine and chatting with residents at a lunch gathering on site , the 51-year-old businessman from the central Henan province reflects on his corporate mission . "  For those who can afford to buy houses here , they have enough money , " he explained . "  They want spiritual fulfillment . " For that , the developer has built a brand new church in the center of his town -- next to a row of small shops , bars and cafes -- serving residents like Annie Liu , who embraced Christianity as a graduate student in the United States . "  This is an ` American ' community so it 's a necessary element here , " said Liu as she walked out of the soon-to-open Jackson Hole church . Although she misses the natural beauty and cultural diversity of the United States , Liu says she never hesitated about returning to the motherland because of her and her husband 's career aspirations and their roots . Now comfortably settled at work and home back in China , where the Communist leadership is proclaiming national revival as the ultimate Chinese Dream , Liu feels she has n't completely abandoned the American Dream -- as she and her fellow residents in this fictional U.S. town pursue their freedom and happiness every weekend .	A Chinese developer has built an American-themed town 90 minutes from Beijing The settlement is named after Jackson Hole , a scenic valley in Wyoming He has sold almost all the houses , with the bigger homes now fetching $ 1M each Richer , educated , urban Chinese express more positive view of aspects of America 's image
CNN  -- Dear Mr. Lucas , Happy Star Wars Day to you ! I hope you are enjoying May the 4th , the day fans of your movies have turned into an unofficial holiday celebrating the world you have created , and which we love . As you -- or whomever you pay to do it -- look through the social networks and see your fans declaring "  May the 4th be with you , " please stop and think about how you have turned it into a bad marketing ploy for the Blu-Ray release of the "  Star Wars " movies . I am sure by now that all is revealed on the official Star Wars May the 4th Day page , and now enough people have spread the word of how you are revealing images and information from the upcoming release of the movies on Blu-Ray . In order to see more and more extras , they had to press a "  share this site " button , spamming their friends in order to get a glimpse of the forthcoming DVDs . I am sure the extras revealed through the site will give fans plenty to talk and debate about . I , for one , am excited to see the special features and hear the commentary tracks that have been revealed and every other part of the Blu-Ray DVDs when we get them in September . But that 's months from now . Today is a special day , just for fans . Why , then , would you take advantage of your fans to promote something that we wo n't even get to buy until September 16 ? Why do this now ? Is there a chance that you did not know why May the 4th was special to "  Star Wars " fans ? That it is a day we all get to say , "  May the 4th be with you , " a play on your great line , "  May the Force be with you , " with unabashed geekiness ? This is a day when fans get to show the world how much we love the "  Star Wars " world you created ; a day to show just how large the fan base is ; that "  Star Wars " is one of the greatest movies ever made . Did n't you know ? Did you think we would n't buy the DVDs in record numbers ? Are the preorders on Amazon not hitting big enough totals for your liking ? Of course most , if not all , of your fans will buy the "  new " versions of these movies . And just like I said in my last letter to you -- you did get my last letter , right ? I only ask because I never heard back from you , so I was just wondering -- I am sad to say , we 'll buy them all over again when you release "  newer " versions of them in the future . But I ask again , sir , why today ? It 's a little funny that you are using the fans and their social networks to reveal tantalizing tidbits of the upcoming Blu-Ray DVDs when you recently announced the official Starwars.com forums will be closing on June 3 . It is also interesting that by yesterday the forums were already locked down to read-only . Does that mean that it 's OK to use your fans ' voices to promote a product but it 's not OK for them to voice dissent on your own website ? Today was supposed to be a day of celebration . But now all I want to do is vent . How can my fellow fans of the Star Wars universe let their voices be heard ? Should we just use the Facebook page ? If we feel taken advantage of by the Star Wars May the 4th page , should we e-mail Lucasfilm ? Of course , I thank you for the incredible , imaginative world you created with "  Star Wars , " and for the happiness it 's brought me and all your fans . And I 'm sure I will get hours of enjoyment from the new DVDs when I get them in September . But I did not and do not want them marketed to me on this day . May the 4th is a day that we created , and you , sir , are trying to steal from us . May the Force be with you ! Topher Kohan	Holiday created by Star Wars fans plays on the phrase , "  May the Force be with you " StarWars.com offered fans an interactive glimpse at the upcoming Blu-Ray collection The official Star Wars online forums will shut down on June 3 Fan Topher Kohan wonders : Why do this when release is months away ?
After years of speculation and rare case reports , a study suggests that stimulant medication -- mostly used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder -- may have played a role in a handful of cases of sudden , unexplained death in children and adolescents . Untreated ADHD can lead to poor school performance and increase adolescents ' risk for harmful behavior . The study authors stress , however , that parents and doctors should not refrain from treating children with ADHD just because of these results . "  The association is significant in that it 's real , but that does n't mean it 's not a very low risk , " says lead author Madelyn S. Gould , Ph.D. , a professor of psychiatry and public health at Columbia University , in New York . "  There probably does need to be more careful monitoring , but the bottom line is that parents should not take their children off stimulant medication they 're currently on and should not be scared to have their child go on a stimulant if that 's what they and their doctors decide is the best thing for their child . " The study , published this week in the American Journal of Psychiatry , is the first to suggest that the stimulants may pose a risk -- albeit remote -- in children without underlying heart problems . About 2.5 million children in the United States take such medications . Stimulants linked to 1.8 percent of unexplained deaths Gould and her colleagues compared medical records and parent interviews of children and adolescents who had died between the years of 1985 and 1996 , including 564 who had died from an unexplained heart-rate abnormality or other causes , and 564 who died as passengers in motor vehicle accidents . They excluded cases with other known possible causes of death , such as asthma or congenital heart diseases . Of all the unexplained cases , the researchers found that 10 children , or 1.8 percent of the group , had had stimulant medication prescribed . This compared with only two cases of stimulant use , or 0.4 percent , among healthy children who had died in motor vehicle accidents -- a group used to represent a general population of healthy children and adolescents . Health.com : Treatment options for ADHD at any age In all 10 cases , the children were taking methylphenidate , the active ingredient in Ritalin and Concerta . A similar drug , Adderall , is composed of mixed amphetamine salts and was not included in the study results because it was first approved in 1996 . However , the Food and Drug Administration in 2006 asked the manufacturers of stimulants , including Adderall , to add a warning to their label saying the medications should not be used in children with structural heart abnormalities or other heart problems . At the time , the FDA advisory panel rejected a more stringent black-box warning about the possible risk of sudden unexplained death . Strattera , another medication approved for ADHD in children , is not a stimulant medication . A spokesperson for McNeil Pediatrics , which distributes and markets Concerta , says the company welcomes any data that add to the body of knowledge in this therapeutic area , but did not make a specific comment on the new study . Michael Billings , a spokesperson for Novartis , the manufacturer of Ritalin , notes that the drug has been used for more than 50 years and is the most studied ADHD medication . Health.com : Secrets to a stress-free home "  For all of its products , Novartis reviews its global safety and efficacy through post-marketing surveillance and consistently reports new information to health authorities on an ongoing basis , " says Billings . "  Review of Novartis safety data has failed to detect an increased risk in sudden cardiac death associated with methylphenidate use . " Not a watershed moment , researchers say Gould says it 's important to report this association , but she is also concerned about the results being misinterpreted . "  We 're very sensitive to not wanting this to be some watershed moment where stimulant medications start to get used less and get used inappropriately , " she explains . In an editorial accompanying the article , Benedetto Vitiello , M.D. , and Kenneth Towbin , M.D. , of the National Institute of Mental Health , agree with Gould 's concerns . Health.com : The Top 5 cholesterol myths They write that the study findings "  should underscore that stimulant medications are not innocuous and that their therapeutic use requires careful diagnostic assessment , diligent safety screening , and ongoing monitoring . "  However , it is equally clear that sudden , unexplained death is a rare event , this is only the first such study , it relies on small numbers , and it is not possible to quantify the risk beyond estimating that it is very small . " Indeed , since a double-blind , placebo-controlled trial is n't ethically possible in this situation , it is hard to conduct a study that 's not without flaws . Although the researchers are confident that the results are not due to any underlying factors -- children with ADHD often have asthma and heart conditions also linked with sudden death , and so these cases were eliminated from the analysis -- "  one can never be 100 percent sure that there are n't other unknown or undiagnosed issues , " says Gould . Health.com : Slideshow : Celebrities with ADHD James Perrin , M.D. , a professor of pediatrics at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital for Children , says the study is n't surprising "  nor particularly convincing . " He says the research is flawed because , among other problems , it may have underestimated the number of children who were taking stimulants . The rate of stimulant use , particularly in the accident-related deaths , was lower than expected , he says . "  The study adds very little to what we already know , i.e. , that some children who receive stimulants experience sudden unexpected death , " says Dr. Perrin , who was not involved in the study . "  The current study should not change the use of any medications or treatments . " More research , careful monitoring is needed Stimulant medications currently contain a warning targeted to specific high-risk children , including those with structural heart defects , cardiomyopathy , or heart-rhythm disturbances . The medication labels also warn that stimulants may raise blood pressure and heart rate , and have been linked with stroke and heart attack in adults . When deciding whether to put a child on stimulant medications , both clinicians and parents should weigh the seriousness of the situation , says Gould . The benefits may not outweigh the risk in cases in which attention problems may be keeping a B-student from becoming an A-student , she explains . Health.com : Yoga moves to beat ease stress , insomnia , and pain But with more serious cases , the choice should be clearer . Untreated ADHD can be harmful in itself , leading to poor performance in school and increasing adolescents ' risk for harmful behavior such as reckless driving , unsafe sexual practices , and substance abuse . "  I have two boys , now grown , so I can certainly relate to parents facing these decisions , " Gould says . "  If my child was having problems to the extent that a neurologist or psychiatrist was recommending medication , I would want the medication -- although , even though we did n't discuss this specifically in the study , I would want my child to have an EKG . " In 2008 , the American Heart Association recommended that doctors consider routine electrocardiograms before starting children with ADHD on stimulants or other psychotropic medications , but underscored the need for future research . An EKG may help to detect cardiac abnormalities that would increase a child 's vulnerability to sudden heart problems . Parents considering stimulant medication for their children should also provide their doctor with a detailed family history , including any heart problems or sudden deaths of close family members . Future research should focus on new ways to detect which children are most at risk for sudden death when taking stimulants , says Gould , since not all cases seem to be detectable with routine screenings . Until then , a thorough examination and careful monitoring is the best way to reduce a child 's danger . The study was funded by a grant from the NIMH and a contract with the FDA . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Stimulant meds , often used in ADHD , may have role in kids ' deaths Authors warn parents not to stop treating kids with ADHD ; risk is low Stimulant meds currently contain a warning targeted to specific high-risk children About 2.5 million U.S. children take such medications
CNN  -- At least one person was critically injured Tuesday in Venezuela when police clashed with opponents of the government of President Hugo Chavez . According to CNN affiliate Globovision , violence erupted in the municipality of Mario Briceno Iragorry , in Aragua state , when the opposition tried to stop officers from confiscating election documents including voter lists . A man who was run over by a police tow truck was taken to the hospital in serious condition , Globovision said . The TV news network also reported that the man in charge of the local electoral board was detained . Acting on a ruling earlier Tuesday by Venezuela 's Supreme Court , Aragua police had confiscated lists of voters who participated in Sunday 's primary elections . The court had ordered that the lists be confiscated so that electoral authorities could use them to investigate alleged irregularities during Sunday 's elections . According to the Venezuelan government , the court acted after a candidate who participated in the primaries complained his rights had been violated . The Venezuelan Ministry of Communication identified him as Rafael Velasquez , a candidate for mayor in the town of Yaracuy . "  I have the right to ask for the voter lists to be reviewed , " Vasquez said , according to a statement published by the ministry . "  I 'm asking for what is right . There were irregularities . I saw a polling place where there were more votes cast than voters who showed up to vote . " But opposition leaders , including Bolivar state governor Pablo Medina , cried foul , saying the court 's ruling was an effort by the Chavez government to intimidate voters who participated in the primaries . Medina called the decision to confiscate the voter lists tantamount to "  state terrorism " and told Globovision it would not stop the opposition from defeating Chavez in the October 7 presidential elections . "  We 're not afraid of what they may do , " Medina said about government officials ' possible reactions . "  Above their actions , above the Supreme Court , above the government , above those institutions that have been sequestered , we 're going for total victory on October 7 in order to transform Venezuela into a democratic country . " Opposition leaders cited the publication in 2003 and 2004 of the names of thousands of Venezuelans who had petitioned for Chavez to be recalled . Many of the names of those who appeared in the so-called Tascon List were subsequently targeted by the Chavez government , the opposition leaders said . Luis Tascon was a pro-government legislator who posted on his website the names of people who had signed a petition to remove Chavez . His said his rationale was that a Venezuelan could look at the postings to determine whether his or her signature had been forged . But a study published last April in the American Economic Journal : Applied Economics supported the concerns of the opposition . Lead author University of Chicago economist Chang-Tai Hsieh concluded that signers of the 2003 recall petition whose names were subsequently made public saw their earnings drop by 5 % on average and their employment probability drop by 1.3 % when compared to those who did not sign the petition . That finding "  is strongly suggestive that the main instrument of political retaliation " was the widely circulated database that contained the list of signers , the authors concluded . Opposition attorney Omar Arevalo told Globovision that he was surprised when he saw the court 's ruling . By law , Arevalo said , the voter lists are supposed to be destroyed as early as 48 hours after the election , which expired Tuesday . "  We had a commitment since before the February 12 primaries to destroy the lists by burning them . This was to protect the identities and the rights of  opposition  voters because our country has lived very regrettable situations like the Tascon List , " Arevalo said . More than 3 million voters participated in Sunday 's primary elections , twice as many as expected . Henrique Capriles Radonski , the 39-year-old governor of Miranda state won the primary with more than 60 % of the vote . Capriles will run for the presidency against the incumbent Chavez , who has been in power for 13 years . In a statement , the opposition group Unity Venezuela said many of the records had already been destroyed . The group 's executive secretary , RamÃ ³ n Guillermo Aveledo , said lawyers were "  already studying " ways to oppose the Supreme Court 's decision , which he called "  absurd , unconstitutional and disproportionate . "	At least 1 critically hurt when opposition tries to stop confiscation of voter lists The Supreme Court ordered the election documents not be destroyed An opposition leader calls the decision tantamount to "  state terrorism " The opposition says voter lists can be used for intimidation
Paris  CNN  -- Without the star attraction on Wednesday , this might have just been another fashion show at Paris Fashion Week . There were whispers and rumors that the designer 's muse would make an appearance , but no one was certain . We were also in the dark . We knew that Lady Gaga would be strutting down the catwalk as part of Nicola Formichetti 's womenswear show for Mugler  of Thierry Mugler fame  , but we were n't sure if Gaga would turn up for an interview with CNN . For 24 hours , her people who were in touch with our people could not confirm if the interview would actually go ahead , but they encouraged us to come to Paris anyway to see the catwalk show . So we did . It was n't your average fashion show . For one , it was in a basketball gym . The basketball hoops were carefully hidden from view , and the set clearly overtook the space . Scores of gothic arches lined the runway with dozens of photographers marking the foot of the catwalk . This made for a striking alternative to just a white walkway for the crowd , but for the scrum of photographers poised at the foot of the runway , this could n't have been worse . Their concerns were justified . It seemed no one could get a really clear image of the show or the models as they strutted down the catwalk . One photographer said it was hard enough not getting enough space to work in  photographers are usually given little more than the width of their shoulders to set up camp for the show  , but it was something else not being able to see the proverbial wood from the trees  full disclosure : the gothic columns were made of wood  . Another was so angry that he would n't be able to sell any of the footage as he said none of it was useable . But theatrical it was , and Gaga would n't have it any other way . Speakers blasted her latest single , "  Born This Way , " as the superstar strutted down the catwalk amidst the models . The models themselves were interesting . There was a model with his whole shaved head tattooed -- a skull and a brain . He apparently has a starring role in Gaga 's "  Born This Way " video . Then there were the shoes . Some of them were as high as 15 inches  platform of course  . It was an extreme runway with some justification as the models teetered tentatively down the end of catwalk . A couple even stumbled . I remember staring at my own 6-inch heels and wondered what I was complaining about as I walked slowly around the show . As for the clothes , I was expecting a lot of leather and PVC -- your average gothic look . I was pleasantly surprised to see some pieces I would wear : gorgeous slinky dresses and yes , even the PVC high-waisted pencil skirt . My producer , Jonathan , tried to stay in the shadows so no one would notice his  in his own words  "  $ 5 brown corduroy jacket bought from a Kabul market . " When the Lady herself emerged puffing a cigarette , clad in a black bra , black hat , black PVC trousers and VERY high black knee-high boots , sections of the crowd whooped with delight . What you have to know about fashion shows , especially during Paris Fashion Week , is that this is the time for buyers and fashion editors to see the newest collection so it is n't just about the entertainment factor . Anyway , back to the Gaga show . While the set was lit up , the darkness in the crowd was lit by the multitude of LED lights from the many mobile phones capturing every moment . Then just 12 minutes later , the show ended and the crowd slowly exited the gym . However , we went against the tide  me in my 6-inch heels  and made our way backstage . Our contact negotiated with the burly bodyguards to let us through to the other side , where we walked up stairs , across bleachers  me trying not to trip over the miles of lighting cables  to where our second cameraman had set up lights and cameras . This is where the interview with Lady Gaga and Nicola Formichetti would take place -- if it would take place at all . And then we waited . To be fair , when this whole interview opportunity first came up , we were told it would take place after the show at 11 p.m. local time . Then when we got to our spot , we were told Gaga would show up in an hour . Then it was 15 minutes and then it was half an hour . True to their word , 30 minutes later there was a flurry of activity below us , and we saw the singer and her stylist weaving their way through the crowds taking their plaudits from those who were part of the show as they sipped champagne . When Lady Gaga approached , she was in good spirits . She introduced herself as Gaga , and she was excited for her friend Nicola -- he was the man behind the infamous meat dress . In fact , one of the first things she said was she did n't want to take any credit for the show or for the collection . Although she did say she had bought the lot . For Gaga , this was a night not about her but about the man who helped create her image and look . Throughout the interview , she embraced and kissed him . She looked at him lovingly , and they acted like friends in a playground . For his part , he seemed shy , grateful for the applause , but very much taking his cue from his famous friend . The interview went well -- after all , we were talking about the brand  both Mugler and Lady Gaga  -- until I asked about John Galliano , who was ousted from Dior after reportedly making anti-Semitic remarks . I had to . Designer John Galliano apologizes This was the biggest news during Paris Fashion Week , and people were commenting and reacting . But when I asked the question if they had any reaction to the scandal , you could almost hear a pin drop . Gaga quickly looked at her publicist and said she did n't want to comment . Rather , she said , she wanted "  to keep it positive . " After a few more questions about marketing and business , I commented on her shoes as I wanted to know how she was able to walk in her very high platform shoes , which by the way have no heels . They were high platforms that basically look like she 's on her tiptoes . I asked because I was embarrassed to admit I was walking very carefully in my heels . Both Gaga and Formichetti immediately knew the make of my shoes  YSL  and we bonded . The interview came to an end . We took some photographs , and I left for the bureau to edit the piece . We waited for this for over a day , and it was over in 10 minutes . I enjoyed the show . I liked the clothes . I thought she was nice and personable but very careful in what she said . It 's not every day I get to interview a megastar , and you could n't get any bigger than Lady Gaga these days .	CNN 's Monita Rajpal is at Paris Fashion Week Clad in her own 6-inch heels , Rajpal races to her interview with Lady Gaga She waited over a day for a 10-minute interview The results : Pure French bliss at the fashion show
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Every day , tens of thousands of fertilized hen eggs are delivered to Sinovac laboratories in Beijing . Each egg is infected with the H1N1 virus , then incubated for three days . White-coated employees examine every egg individually before the virus is extracted and used to make a vaccine . Vials of H1N1 vaccine before they are labeled and packaged . Sinovac Biotech Ltd. was the first company in the world to successfully complete clinical trials for an H1N1 vaccine . It was also the first company approved by the Chinese government to produce millions of doses for the public . China is set to become the first country to begin mass inoculations sometime around the beginning of October . According to Sinovac CEO Yin Weidong , the secret lies in years of vaccine research and development . Sinovac was the first and only company ever to create a vaccine for Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome  SARS  , the worldwide pandemic that left almost 350 people in China dead . The SARS vaccine was never used . By the time it was discovered , the outbreak had subsided . However , the breakthrough has enabled Sinovac to stay ahead of the curve . Watch as the H1N1 vaccine is produced " "  The SARS vaccine helped us achieve the H5N1  bird flu  vaccine , which helped us get the H1N1 vaccine , " says CEO Yin Weidong . "  That 's why we could be so fast and be the first . " Since Sinovac 's success , at least two other Chinese companies and several around the world have also produced H1N1 vaccines . China has reportedly ordered 3.3 million vaccines from Sinovac , 4 million from Hualan Biological and another 3 million from the Shanghai Institute of Biological Sciences . According to Yin , the main challenge for China will be providing enough vaccines for everyone . "  A country with 1.3 billion people needs 1.3 billion vaccines , " he says . Watch report on China 's inoculation preparations " The Chinese government has long warned an outbreak of H1N1 could be catastrophic in a massive country with an underdeveloped health system . In recent weeks , the instances of H1N1 infections have risen dramatically throughout the mainland . There have been more than 9,000 cases of the H1N1 virus in China so far , and more than half of them have happened in the last few weeks alone . "  It 's basically affected all provinces of China and we 're worried because of the sheer number of people involved , " says Vivian Tan , communications director for the World Health Organization in China . "  It 's moving from the urban and coastal areas into more rural remote areas . " According to the WHO , the rapid acceleration of H1N1 is occurring in part because flu season is starting , the weather is cooling down and school is back in session . More than 80 percent of China 's swine flu cases have occurred in schools or due to school-related activities . China has had perhaps the most extreme and active response to the virus than any other country in the world . For months , masked Chinese officials have boarded international flights upon arrival , checking all passengers ' temperatures and administered health surveys before granting entry . Thousands have been quarantined , including entire flights and school groups . Health authorities have heavily publicized the risks posed by the virus and rolled out a Traditional Chinese Medicine Treatment plan , as an alternative to the vaccines produced by Sinovac and others . Yet , some Chinese citizens remain skeptical that a vaccine is even necessary in the first place . "  It does n't seem like my baby is going to catch the swine flu , " says one mother at a hospital in central Beijing . "  And what if it affects his health in the future ? I 'm just going to avoid crowded areas . " Like any vaccine , the WHO has warned the H1N1 vaccine may have negative side effects . Sinovac plans to track and test patients for several years after vaccinations are administered to determine if there are any dangers . Ultimately , in China , the central concern remains that the H1N1 virus itself could expand and spin out of control . According to Tan of the WHO , "  I think one of our biggest fears is that  the H1N1 virus  could re-assort with the H5N1 avian flu virus that 's out there , to create this ` superbug ' which is both easily transmissible , quite lethal and quite deadly . "	Inside the Chinese lab that has created world 's first H1N1 vaccine Sinovac Biotech Ltd is first company approved by the Chinese government The company will now produce millions of doses for the public Sinovac got headstart after creating a vaccine during SARS pandemic
Dhaka  CNN  -- It will take a long time for the people of Bangladesh to get over deaths of more than 700 people crushed under twisted metal and shattered concrete at the workplace where they spent hours each day . But what is surfacing more with time is the discussion about who is responsible for the tragedy and whether it could have been averted . Preliminary results of a government inquiry into the collapse says "  heavy machinery and high-capacity generators " were "  largely responsible , " state media reported . It also pointed the blame at "  substandard materials " used in the construction . A number of people have been arrested , including the owner , who is alleged to have illegally added three extra floors to the building , as well as the owners and senior managers of the factories who allegedly forced workers to go back to work even after cracks were found . Some local business people I spoke to said the owners were under pressure from their buyers for timely delivery , which was hindered due to the ongoing political crisis . The debate goes on about safety standards in factories in Bangladesh and whether compliance measures are in place . The buyers are not being spared and it is now being argued that they must ensure suppliers take the standard measures to ensure the safety of workers . A very pertinent question was raised about the huge profit buyers make and whether this is ethical . The role of the various government agencies involved is also being questioned . Could this have happened if the concerned agencies remained vigilant and performed their duties properly ? Everyone seems responsible . Bangladesh 's poor safety record Savar 's tragedy was not the first of its kind in Bangladesh . Last year , at least 117 workers died in a fire at a garment factory near Dhaka . In 2005 , at least 100 workers died in the same area in a similar building collapse incident . Each year , workers continue to die in factories , in ship breaking yards and on construction sites . A study by Bangladesh Institute of Labor Studies shows more than 6,000 workers died on the job in the last decade . However , very few initiatives had been taken by the government or factory owners to prevent such disasters . The political system in the country is such where workers are used as pawns in the race to gain power and nothing else . The unholy nexus of politics , business and law enforcement has resulted in a culture where the basic rights of workers are often ignored . Who is ultimately responsible ? So is it the responsibility of the buyers to enforce the government and businesses to comply with safety standards ? Should the buyers pay more , as is always argued by the garment owners association , because the lower cost of production , compared with other markets , compels them to ignore safety standards ? These are only arguments to avoid the responsibilities . Of course buyers ca n't deny their role in failing to demand and enforce the safety codes when placing an order with a Bangladeshi supplier . Nor can they remain oblivious of the fact that if they continue to pay less the workers ' conditions will remain unchanged . The factory owners and their association must realize that they will lose the market if they do nothing to improve working conditions for their employees . The impression in the West that workers are maltreated at factories may turn out to be disastrous . Consumers are getting aware and might not want to buy products in future which are tagged "  Made in Bangladesh . " Political parties should stop cashing in on the plight of these poor people . They ca n't deny that it is because the recent spate of political violence has forced many garment and other factory owners to flout the rules and go for quick money . Having said that , the government and its mechanisms are ultimately responsible for the tragedy . Had the administration and its monitoring system been in place this could never have happened . For years , the rule of law was disregarded intentionally or let pass thanks to the omnipresence of corruption in the administration as well as in politics . ` Culture of impunity ' persists The absence of rule of law and the subsequent failure of the governments to improve it has led to a situation where a culture of impunity has made illegal money making lucrative . And it remains unpunished as well . This should come to an end and for that we need political will . Bangladesh has hit many remarkable milestones in the last few decades . The country 's success in reducing child mortality and population growth can be models for other countries . We are the torch bearers of micro credit and social business . The rate of female education is better than our neighboring countries . Our garment products are considered to be best among consumers . It is time that corrective measures are taken to deal with malpractices that prevail in the garment industry . Corruption has to be contained with no space for impunity . The rights of the workers can no longer be looked down upon for the profits of a few . Rule of law must be restored in this sector . This daunting task ca n't be accomplished only by the business people , or the government or political parties . The buyers also have to lend a hand so that millions of workers are saved from a looming disaster and can live a life with dignity and safety . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sajjad Hussein .	Questions remain over who was ultimately responsible for the Bangladesh tragedy More than 700 died when a building collapsed while they worked Not the first time Bangladeshi workers have died due to poor safety standards Hussein : Government has done little to improve situation despite recurring issues
A nurse at the hospital who was duped by a prank call from two Australian radio DJs concerning Prince William 's pregnant wife , Catherine , has apparently committed suicide , the hospital confirmed Friday . The nurse "  was recently the victim of a hoax call , " King Edward VII Hospital said in a media statement . The DJs impersonated Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles in the prank call , in which some details of the Duchess of Cambridge 's condition and care were given . Read more : Opinion : How will royal couple react to pregnancy prank ? The nurse who died was the person who first took the hoax call and transferred it through to Catherine 's ward , the hospital 's public relations company said . The hospital named her as Jacintha Saldanha and said she had worked there for more than four years as an "  excellent nurse , " well-respected by co-workers . The hospital "  had been supporting her throughout this difficult time , " the statement said . She is survived by her husband and two children , the hospital said . Her family released a statement asking for privacy and directing questions to police . Social media entwined in radio prank , suicide story "  We as a family are deeply saddened by the loss of our beloved Jacintha , " said the statement , released by police . As the hoax controversy unfolded , authorities were n't releasing to British media the name of the nurse victimized in the prank . Her name became public only after her death . The Duchess of Cambridge was discharged from the hospital Thursday after treatment for acute morning sickness . A St. James 's Palace spokesman said : "  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are deeply saddened to learn of the death of Jacintha Saldanha . "  Their Royal Highnesses were looked after so wonderfully well at all times by everybody at King Edward VII Hospital , and their thoughts and prayers are with Jacintha Saldanha 's family , friends and colleagues at this very sad time . " Separately , a palace spokesman told CNN : "  At no point did the palace complain to the hospital about the incident . On the contrary , we offered our full and heartfelt support to the nurses involved and hospital staff at all times . " The hospital 's chief executive , John Lofthouse , said , "  Everyone is shocked by the loss of a much loved and valued colleague . " London 's Metropolitan Police said they were notified around 9:35 a.m.  4:35 a.m. ET  on Friday that a woman was found unconscious . She was pronounced dead at the scene . Police are treating the death as "  unexplained , " they said . Audio of the call posted online suggested a woman spoke briefly to the DJs , who host a show for the 2Day FM radio station in Sydney , before the call was put through to the ward early Tuesday morning . The hospital said Wednesday that it deeply regretted the call had been put through . The hospital is known for treating royals . In June , Prince Philip , 91 , was admitted to the same hospital with a bladder infection , forcing him to miss part of the queen 's Diamond Jubilee celebration . Read more : Radio DJs pretend to be queen , make prank call to Catherine 's hospital The radio show apologized for the call Wednesday , saying it "  was done with light-hearted intentions . " The show was known for its irreverent humor , aimed at a young , mainly female demographic . The hosts were devoted to gossip and pranks . Its two DJs , Mel Greig and Michael Christian , continued to tweet about the call on Thursday and earlier Friday , promising "  more on the #royalprank . " Talking about the call on air Thursday , Greig said : "  They were the world 's worst accents ever . We were sure 100 people at least before us would 've tried the same thing . ... We were expecting to be hung up on -- we did n't even know what to say when we got through . " Some listeners applauded the prank , like one who identified himself as Guido on the station 's Facebook page and wrote , "  It is only a joke people ! it was great i love it !!! " Others were outraged , with such negative views outnumbering positive ones on 2DayFM 's before the nurse 's death . "  Your stunt was done at a time in this country where there is paranoia about the intrusion of the media into people 's lives , " Gary Slenders wrote . "  I know you will say it is harmless fun , the management of 2DayFM will say that it wo n't happen again , but this exactly where the phone hacking scandal started . " The outcry grew exponentially after Saldanha 's death , leading the Coles supermarket chain to remove all its advertising from 2Day FM in response . By Friday evening , a spokeswoman for the station told CNN in a statement that the pair will "  not return to the show until further notice out of respect for what can only be described as a tragedy . " She said Greig and Christian -- whose Twitter accounts have been taken down -- were "  deeply shocked " by the incident . Rhys Holleran , CEO of the Southern Cross Austereo media group , echoed those facts and views in a press conference Saturday afternoon , saying the company and DJs "  mutually decided " they would be off the air for an undetermined period . Holleran said he 'd spoken with Greig and Christian on Saturday morning , and they were "  deeply shattered " and "  our concern is for their welfare . " The CEO added that he is "  very confident that we have n't done anything illegal . " "  This is a tragic event that could not have been reasonably foreseen and we are deeply saddened by it , " he said of Saldanha 's death . That view is n't shared by everyone . 2Day FM 's Facebook page , for instance , contained a number of angry comments after news of the nurse 's death broke . "  This death is on your conscience , " reads one post . Another says , "  Blood on your hands . " A person using the name Riz wrote , "  This pair have undone all the good work Australia have done in the last century . The Australian people should be outraged at the pair of them . "  They 've brought disgrace on your country - and the whole world knows it ! " Pregnancy and privacy : Royal Catherine 's dilemma	Media chief : DJ pranksters are "  shattered , " off the job until "  further notice " Nurse had husband , 2 children ; family is ` deeply saddened by the loss ' Prince William and Catherine 's prayers are with the nurse 's family , the palace says The woman who died is the nurse who first took the hoax call , the hospital says
CNN  -- If you were to take one line of dialogue in a film of 2013 to represent the year 's mood , it would be from Chiwetel Ejiofor as Solomon Northup in "  12 Years a Slave . " The abducted freeman shackled into bondage is plainspoken and eloquent : "  I do n't want to survive , I want to live ! " "  American Hustle " may be the title of David O. Russell 's satire of con artists  Christian Bale and Amy Adams  aiding federal agents to carry out the Abscam sting , but it 's also a dominant theme in American films of 2013 . If you think hustle in its various meanings -- the swindler and the determined -- then just about every character-driven film did the hustle . Occupying the amoral lowlands , there is Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan Belfort in "  The Wolf of Wall Street " and the title figure in "  The Great Gatsby , " living large - the mansions ! the boats ! the planes ! -- by defrauding the little people . There is Alec Baldwin as the Bernard Madoff-like ex of husband-hunter Cate Blanchett in "  Blue Jasmine , " both of them delusionary in the belief that they are entitled to other people 's money . And there is Bale in "  American Hustle , " who rationalizes , "  People believe what they want to believe , " indicting the suckers for their faith in his cons . Up on the moral high ground , there is Ejiofor in "  12 Years a Slave , " caught in a double bind . If , as an intellectual and a freeman , he defends himself against racism , he will be hung ; if he does not , he suffers the humiliations of slavery . Chadwick Boseman as ballplayer Jackie Robinson in "  42 , " likewise is doubly-bound : advised to repress his righteous anger at racists or he will be brutalized and wo n't be able to play in the big leagues . In "  The Butler , " Forest Whitaker , who wears one face as a White House domestic and another as a family man , ultimately reconciles his two faces . Then there is a clutch of films that collectively say forget about living , survival is enough . Filmmakers purveyed the human hustle in stories of those facing near death challenges and variously hanging onto life by a thread , a fraying rope , a stranded lifeboat , safety tether or not . Think of Robert Redford fighting for his life in "  All is Lost , " Sandra Bullock clinging to tether in "  Gravity , " Jaden Smith depending on intelligence from his wrist radio in "  After Earth " and Tom Hanks facing death in a lifeboat in "  Captain Phillips . " Also tested in a life-and-death narrative was Jennifer Lawrence in the Survivor-tinged "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire . " Out of breath ? Take a good , deep one . We have n't even begun to discuss the year 's end-of-the-world movies . The apocalypse was nigh -- not only in action movies like "  Pacific Rim " and "  Oblivion " but in comedies like "  This is the End " and "  The World 's End . " On screen the U.S. and British capitals were under terrorist attack in what seemed like an infinite loop of destruction : "  Olympus Has Fallen , " "  White House Down , " "  G.I. Joe : Retaliation , " "  Star Trek : Into Darkness , " "  Thor : The Dark World . " Los Angeles and New York also endured attacks and were defended respectively by the mettle of Robert Downey in "  Iron Man 3 " and Henry Cavill in "  Man of Steel . " What does it all mean ? We do n't need a professional to detect the pervasive anxiety in these Darwinian narratives of survival . Might this reflect Hollywood 's guilt about its role as con artist fleecing the easily duped ? Or do these films in part show Hollywood 's unease about its own future in a world where moviegoers are just as likely to download or stream a movie than buy a ticket for one ? Perhaps this , as much as the real-life economy , explains why another theme of 2013 films is economic anxiety . It is symbolized in "  Elysium " by an underclass living on a polluted and overpopulated Earth and the 1 percent living in the pristine atmosphere above , with controlled climate and top-flight health care . Job insecurity reverberated through a broad swath of the year 's movies . Consider the Harlem inspirational "  Black Nativity " and the '60s - era "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " where the protagonists have trouble making the rent . Consider the Brooklyn hipsters in "  Frances Ha " to the Oakland underclass in "  Fruitvale Station " where protagonists sought work . Even straight-out comedies like "  We 're the Millers , " in which a drug dealer hires underemployed individuals to pose as his family in order to make it easier to smuggle marijuana over the border , is peripherally about fewer legitimate jobs than those looking for them . It was n't all about angst , though , even if the laughter at the multiplex was rueful . "  Before Midnight " and "  The Best Man Holiday , " two superb sequels , are comic looks at relationships and fidelity . One is sparked by the performances of Julie Delpy and Ethan Hawke , the other by an ensemble including Morris Chestnut , Taye Diggs , Sanaa Lathan and Nia Long . The most moving relationship film of 2013 is "  Her , " Spike Jonze 's wistful story of a lovesick writer  Joaquin Phoenix  who falls in love with his operating system  voice of Scarlett Johansson  , and finds the chasm between human and artificial intelligence is as wide as that between Mars and Venus . Another slice of dialogue representative of movie romances comes from Julie Delpy , exasperated with life partner Ethan Hawke in "  Before Midnight : " "  Sometimes , I think I 'm breathing oxygen and you 're breathing helium . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carrie Rickey .	Carrie Rickey : Themes that 2013 movies tackled include survival , economic anxiety Rickey : Many character-driven films featured hustlers who tried to take advantage of others She says a number of films explored the idea : forget about living , survival is enough Rickey : Of course , we have the usual end-of-the-world and large-scale attack movies
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A suburban Atlanta high school teacher has been accused of pursuing a "  hit " on a 16-year-old student last month , and the case is under investigation by local authorities . Randolph Forde -- who teaches at Mundy 's Mill High School in Clayton County -- has been charged with making terroristic threats and was released on bond . He is currently on administrative leave from his job with pay and faces an employment hearing in early December , Charles White , a school district spokesman , said Tuesday . A Clayton County Police report says the incident occurred October 9 . The suspect took a student off a school bus and told him he "  would pay him to kill the victim , " the report says . When the student asked who the target would be , the suspect said he 'd write the name on a note , it says . "  The teacher held a piece of paper up with the victim 's name on it , " said Officer Otis Willis III of the Clayton police . Attorney Terance Madden , who represents alleged target and his family , issued a statement saying that problems between the boy and the teacher go back to "  on or about September 29 , " when "  Forde allegedly called my client outside the class and asked him if he is gay . " Then "  on or about September 30 , " the two had an argument in class and Forde threatened "  to hit him in his ` effin mouth , " Madden 's statement said . "  Not only did my client report the verbal altercation and verbal threat to the vice principal of Mundy 's Mill HS , he also reported that Mr. Forde asked him outside the classroom for the inappropriate question of whether he was gay , " the statement said . "  Apparently nothing was done by the school administration to either Mr. Forde or my client , because Mr. Forde was back in the classroom on October 1 , as was my client . " Madden said the school did n't take any action until after a police report was filed on October 12 about the incident . "  This forced my client 's mother to have to remove my client from the high school , depriving him of his education because of fear for my client 's safety at Mundy 's Mill HS , " Madden said in the statement . "  Finally Mr. Forde was allegedly removed from the school after the police report was filed and my client was able to return to school . An arrest was made on or about Oct. 14 . Mr. Forde bonded out on $ 10,000 bond and waived his preliminary hearing , " Madden said . Charles White , the school district 's spokesman , said the district had no comment on the allegations because the issue is a personnel matter and is under review . He said it would be "  inappropriate " for the district to release any information about the case . "  Attorneys can say anything they want , " he said , but he added that "  there are definitely multiple sides to any story . " Forde 's attorney initially could not be reached by CNN . The attorney was quoted by CNN affiliate WSB-TV as saying that Forde had been joking and did n't supply a name to anybody . White says there was to be an employment hearing Tuesday , but it had to be postponed because there had to be proper prior notice of a scheduled session under the state 's open meetings law . District officials are aiming for a hearing in early December , he said . Madden calls the school district 's reason for the postponement "  bunk " and said it "  does n't even pass the smell test . " He said the hearing was postponed because media coverage about the case had begun .	Police accuse Atlanta-area high school teacher of offering to pay one student to kill another Attorney : The teacher had once asked the alleged target , 16 , whether he was gay Attorney says the teacher , Randolph Forde , later threatened to punch the student Forde was joking , and no name was passed , TV station quotes his attorney as saying
President Barack Obama will meet with more than a dozen tech company bosses Tuesday , one week after industry leaders asked the government to change its spying practices . The White House meeting comes a day after a federal judge said the government 's collection of domestic phone records is unconstitutional . Such practices were brought to light by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden , who leaked the classified information . Obama plans to sit down with Tim Cook of Apple and Eric Schmidt of Google , as well as executives from Twitter , Microsoft , Facebook , Salesforce , Netflix , Etsy , Dropbox , Yahoo! , Zynga , Sherpa Global , Comcast , LinkedIn and AT&T , a White House official said . But national security and "  unauthorized intelligence disclosures " are only part of the agenda . The meeting will also include talks about how the tech sector can help the government avoid IT debacles like the healthcare.gov website rollout . Snowden 's open letter offers to help Brazil investigate NSA surveillance The judge 's decision U.S. District Judge Richard Leon 's ruling came as the Obama administration completes a review of NSA surveillance in the aftermath of the Snowden leaks . Leon said the NSA 's bulk collection of metadata -- phone records of the time and numbers called without any disclosure of content -- apparently violates privacy rights . His preliminary ruling favored five plaintiffs challenging the practice , but Leon limited the decision only to their cases . "  I can not imagine a more ` indiscriminate ' and ` arbitrary invasion ' than this systematic and high-tech collection and retention of personal data on virtually every citizen for purposes of querying and analyzing it without prior judicial approval , " said Leon , an appointee of President George W. Bush . "  Surely , such a program infringes on ` that degree of privacy ' that the Founders enshrined in the Fourth Amendment . " Leon 's ruling said the "  plaintiffs in this case have also shown a strong likelihood of success on the merits of a Fourth Amendment claim , " adding "  as such , they too have adequately demonstrated irreparable injury . " Judge : NSA domestic phone data-mining unconstitutional But he put off enforcing his order barring the government from collecting the information , pending an appeal by the government . Leon rejected the government 's argument that a 1979 Maryland case provided precedent for the constitutionality of collecting phone metadata , noting that public use of telephones had increased dramatically in the past three decades . Leon also noted that the government "  does not cite a single instance in which analysis of the NSA 's bulk metadata collection actually stopped an imminent attack , or otherwise aided the government in achieving any objective that was time-sensitive in nature . " Democratic Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado , a critic of the NSA data mining , called on Congress to pass legislation he proposed to "  ensure the NSA focuses on terrorists and spies - and not innocent Americans . " A Justice Department spokesman said Monday that "  we believe the program is constitutional as previous judges have found , " but said the ruling is being studied . The avalanche of information Explosive revelations earlier this year by Snowden triggered new debate about national security and privacy interests in the aftermath of the September 2001 terrorist attacks . Snowden 's revelations led to more public disclosure about the secretive legal process that sets in motion the government surveillance . In a statement distributed by journalist Glenn Greenwald , who first reported the leaks , Snowden said he acted on the belief that the mass surveillance program would not withstand a constitutional challenge , and that Americans deserved a judicial review . "  Today , a secret program authorized by a secret court was , when exposed to the light of day , found to violate Americans ' rights . It is the first of many , " Snowden said in the statement . He is living in Russia under a grant of asylum to avoid prosecution over the leaks in the United States . Greenwald said the judge 's ruling vindicates what Snowden did . "  I think it 's not only the right , but the duty of an American citizen in Edward Snowden 's situation to come forward , at great risk to himself , and inform his fellow citizens about what it is their government is doing in the dark that is illegal , " the journalist told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Monday night . NSA official : Snowden amnesty ` worth having a conversation about ' Secret court approval The case before Leon involved approval for surveillance in April by a judge at the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court  FISC  , a secret body that handles individual requests for electronic surveillance for "  foreign intelligence purposes . " Under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of the 1970s , the secret court was set up to grant certain types of government requests -- wiretapping , data analysis , and other monitoring of possible terrorists and spies operating in the United States . The NSA has admitted it received secret court approval to collect vast amounts of metadata from telecom giant Verizon and leading Internet companies , including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . The Patriot Act that Congress passed after the 9/11 attacks broadened the government 's ability to conduct anti-terrorism surveillance in the United States and abroad , eventually including the metadata collection.In order to collect the information , the government has to demonstrate that it 's "  relevant " to an international terrorism investigation . But the 1978 FISA law lays out exactly what the special court must decide : "  A judge considering a petition to modify or set aside a nondisclosure order may grant such petition only if the judge finds that there is no reason to believe that disclosure may endanger the national security of the United States , interfere with a criminal , counterterrorism , or counterintelligence investigation , interfere with diplomatic relations , or endanger the life or physical safety of any person . " In defending the program , NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander told the Senate Judiciary Committee last week that "  15 separate judges of the FISA Court have held on 35 occasions that Section 215  of the Patriot Act  authorizes the collection of telephony metadata in bulk in support of counterterrorism investigations . " Initially , telecommunications companies such as Verizon , were the targets of legal action against Patriot Act provisions . Congress later gave retroactive immunity to those private businesses . Verizon Business Network Services turned over the metadata to the government . An array of legal challenges Last month , the Supreme Court refused to take up the issue when it denied a separate petition , which was filed by the Electronic Information Privacy Center . Prior lawsuits against the broader NSA program also have been unsuccessful . Days after the Snowden disclosure in June , some Verizon customers filed legal challenges in the D.C. federal court . The left-leaning American Civil LIberties Union also filed a separate , pending suit in New York federal court .	The meeting comes after tech leaders called for the government to change spying practices The judge 's limited ruling opens the door to possible further legal challenges The NSA data-mining can continue , pending a likely appeal by the government Classified leaks by Edward Snowden revealed the extent of the data-mining
CNN  -- Mohamed Morsi is an American-educated engineer who vowed to stand for democracy , women 's rights and peaceful relations with Israel if he won the Egyptian presidency . He is also an Islamist figure who has argued for barring women from the Egyptian presidency and called Israeli leaders "  vampires " and "  killers . " One analyst describes him as an "  icon " of those seeking an "  extreme agenda . " On Monday , the Muslim Brotherhood announced that Morsi , 60 , had defeated his rival Ahmed Shafik , who briefly served as prime minister in the waning days of Mubarak 's regime , in the weekend run-off election . The official vote count was scheduled to be finished at some point Monday , with final results to be announced Thursday As during the run-up to the first-round vote in May , questions surround how much of a hard line Morsi would take , and in what direction he would steer the country . Morsi leads the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood -- which had been the most powerful political movement in the new Egyptian government . The group controlled about half of the seats in parliament before Egypt 's highest court dissolved the legislative body Thursday . His party notes that he was arrested several times under President Hosni Mubarak 's regime for protesting "  repressive measures and oppressive practices , " as well as "  rigged elections . " At one point , he spent seven months in jail . Analysts say Morsi is focusing his campaign on appealing to the broadest possible audience . But he "  represents the older , more conservative wing of the Brotherhood and openly endorses a strict Islamic vision , " Isobel Coleman of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote in a column for CNN.com . "  A vote for Mohamed Morsi will consolidate the Brotherhood 's political influence , which could translate into a constitution with weaker provisions for protection of minority and women 's rights . " A slogan associated with his campaign , "  Islam is the solution , " is sparking concerns that Morsi could introduce a fundamentalist Islamic theocracy . He told CNN last month that he had no such plans . His party seeks "  an executive branch that represents the people 's true will and implements their public interests , " Morsi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Photos : Political turmoil in Egypt "  There is no such thing called an Islamic democracy . There is democracy only . ... The people are the source of authority , " he said . Asked about the role of women , he vowed that "  women 's rights are equal to men . " And asked whether he would maintain Egypt 's 1979 accord with Israel , Morsi answered , "  Yes , of course I will . I will respect it provided the other side keep it up and respect it . " Morsi was not originally his party 's pick for the country 's top post . He was called on to step in after the first choice was disqualified . Khairat al-Shater was among three candidates who were told they did not meet candidacy requirements . The Muslim Brotherhood had originally pledged not to seek the presidency , noted the Financial Times . "  It went back on its word , suspecting that its gains since the January 2011 revolution could be undermined by the military council that has ruled since the fall of President Hosni Mubarak . " Morsi has served as a central behind-the-scenes player for much of the past decade , Eric Trager of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy wrote in a column for The New Republic . He was the Brotherhood 's primary point man for state security -- "  the repressive domestic security apparatus through which the Mubarak regime monitored and infiltrated opposition groups , " Trager writes . "  Indeed , Brotherhood leaders trusted Morsi because they viewed him as ideologically rigid , and therefore unlikely to concede too much to the regime during negotiations . " Morsi was also "  an icon of the extremists in the Muslim Brotherhood , " pushing for an "  extreme agenda , " Trager wrote . Morsi 's official biography on the Freedom and Justice Party website describes him as "  one of the most prominent political leadership figures of the Brotherhood , the organization that led the struggle against the ousted repressive regime in its last decade . " He led the Brotherhood 's parliamentary bloc from 2000 to 2005 in addition to serving as president of the Department of Materials Science , Faculty of Engineering at Zagazig University . Morsi was arrested several times "  due to his constantly firm stance against the repressive measures and oppressive practices of the overthrown regime , " the party said . "  After the 2005 elections were rigged , Dr. Mohamed Morsi led demonstrations in support for judges demanding independence , refusing referral of some judges to the Competence Commission to punish them for their outspoken views against blatant elections fraud . " The following May , he was among 500 members of the Brotherhood arrested , the party said . Morsi spent seven months behind bars . "  He was arrested , yet again , on the morning of the ` Friday of Anger ' on January 28 , 2011 , during the revolution of January 25 along with a large number of Brotherhood leaders across Egypt . ... When several prisons were destroyed during the revolution , and many prisoners escaped , Dr. Morsi refused to leave his prison cell . Instead , he contacted satellite TV channels and news agencies demanding the judicial authorities visit the prison and check the legal position of jailed Muslim Brotherhood leaders , to clarify if there were indeed any legal reasons for their arrest , " the party website says . Morsi -- who has bachelor 's and master 's degrees from Cairo University and a doctorate from the University of Southern California -- insists that under his leadership , such abuses wo n't happen . There will be "  no need for worry at all over any kind of abusive power , " he told CNN . "  It will be impossible to allow these kinds of abuse in the shadow of a constitutional state , a lawful state , a state that protects the dignity of a person . " Analysts : ` Soft coup ' court riling could reignite Egyptian revolution	Mohamed Morsi promises a democracy with the people as the source of authority He previously argued for barring women from presidency and called Israeli leaders "  vampires " Morsi is candidate of Freedom and Justice Party , political wing of Muslim Brotherhood He was not the party 's first choice
It occurred to me for the first time as I sat in the car 's front seat and felt my father 's cold corpse in the back seat in May 2007 . The nurses at the Ikorodu General Hospital had just said no to his body . He had died from heart failure an hour or two before . They needed a police report . I could hardly believe the utter coldness of it . But I had yet to see -- or hear -- the worst . Because I am born and bred in Nigeria , I knew that , at 11pm , the body of my dear father might rot if I sat there pondering the inanity of the request or stood up to argue its inhumanity , so I led the convoy to the nearest police station . Opinion : Why Nigerians are no longer content with ` suffering and smiling ' There , with the most pointed lack of compassion I had ever witnessed up onto that point , the police proceeded to haggle with themselves over how much they would extract from a 24-year-old who had just lost his father -- a father whose dead body was only a few meters away . As they dropped my father 's body in that unkempt , abominable mortuary  one in which I had to tip the caretaker daily on my way to work so that the corpse would not be left to decompose  , I could only think of what an abominable country I was so unfortunate to come from , and to live in . I recalled that scene as I came across pictures of rotten corpses stacked on each other in a room -- victims of June 's Dana Crash ; "  rotting carcasses of human beings stacked on each other , fluids mingling . " More : Nigerians demand answers in wake of Dana Air crash That is when it hit me . We are living like animals in this country . I remember my father -- and how he , and I , were treated so terribly because our country does not care for any one . These Dana Crash dead bodies were n't victims of a serial killer locked in a room for months or of a brutal civil war with shut-down health-care services -- these were citizens of a country , who had just been visited by their president a day before , nonetheless treated in death with relentless disrespect . They had been killed by their country -- and it could n't even pack their bodies well . More : Is a ` Nigerian Spring ' next ? It could have been you , or me . It 's not just that it could have been me . That 's not the worst part . This is the worst part : I could have been the one in that flight waiting for 20 minutes after a fatal crash ; sitting there in mind-numbing agony , knowing the plane would soon explode and kill me because I live in a country where emergency services would arrive only about an hour after , and people will die who could have been saved . That 's the part that gets me . And as I watched officials scramble to protect their irrelevant jobs so that they could make enough money to buy First Class tickets on airlines that might crash and kill their children tomorrow , I realized how hopeless we had become as Nigerians . So I ask myself ; why are we still in Nigeria -- a country that does not deserve many of us -- even when we have a choice ? Why are we not like the generation that left town ? Why are we living in a country that can not protect us , has not supported us , will not satisfy us ? More : Nigeria 's oil economics fuel deadly protests The logical thing to do is to leave fastest way we can ; once the opportunity turns up . But we stay and we come back , because we go better , because it is well , because God dey ; because somehow , somehow we think we can survive it ; maybe even improve it . But let 's tell ourselves the truth -- many of you in this hall have already given up on Nigeria . Many of us are convinced that this ship is sinking , this country can not change . We do not trust our politicians , but that is even cliché . We do not trust the activists . Everyone is seen as searching for a piece of that national cake . That 's what we have become as a country : an unending race for a part of that cake . It is difficult to have faith in this kind of country ; difficult to tell yourself with a straight face that you are proud of being a Nigerian . It is difficult to have faith even when you look at the young people -- scrambling for crumbs off the table , buffeted by the need to avoid the poverty of their fathers , changing principle on whim just like those before them ; perpetuating scams in the name of advocacy , running businesses long on hype and short on substance . It is difficult to have faith in that kind of country . It is herculean to believe in it . It is almost impossible to be proud of it . More : Nigeria on edge as Islamist group extends campaign of violence No , Nigeria , is not a great country . It was n't great yesterday , it is n't great today . It can be great , it should be great , it could have been great , and if we sit down and get serious , it will be great . After the Dana Crash , I gave up hope in this country ; I lost my faith , I struggled with my love . But two day later , I was back working for the country , and that is the real story . In pictures : Putting a face on Nigeria 's "  paradise lost " It is okay to fall out of love , it is okay to hate that love every once in a while , it is okay to condemn , to criticise , to react , to fight , to protest , to demand ; but you must return to loving it , you must return to being pained . It is the reason despite Governor Amaechi spending two hours debating fiercely with us that our generation is only interested in continuing the "  chopping " , he decided that it is crucial to get the brightest of that generation here to inspire the young people in Rivers State and across Nigeria -- moving it from an idea in 2006 that could n't even pay for the hall in which it held , to a movement in 2012 that has taken over this Port Harcourt . It 's because beneath a tough-talking governor lies a tender spot for his country and its future -- and I see it daily across this country even from the lips of those who curse it . Even in those who appear to be ripping the country to shreds , every once in a while you see that wistfulness for what might have been . More : Goodluck Jonathan : Nigeria 's embattled president But , this is the good news , it is not too late . I do not come as a prophet of cliché , I come here as a student of history because other countries have done it . This shipping is sinking , but it has n't yet sunk . As long as we are in Nigeria , as long as Nigerians live in Nigeria and work in Nigeria , and fight for Nigeria , and refuse to give up on Nigeria , there is hope . We can not ever lose that pain that we should feel for a country that continues to fail us . No matter how disappointed we are in our country , we can not abandon it . We can not use Nigeria as an excuse to fail Nigeria . Pehaps we should handle Nigeria the way a mother handles a drug-addicted child -- with tough love sometimes , with deliberate gentility at other times ; demanding at one time , encouraging at the other . Listen guys , we are all we 've got , and this should be the turning point generation . See more from the the Future Project Nigeria I do n't come here to excite you ; I come here so we can encourage one another . I come here to remind us that , after all said and done , you and I are still here . And 'cause we are still here , we have no choice but to keep working . Let 's keep the faith . If we stumble , let 's rise . When we fall , let 's rebound . Let 's refuse to let Nigeria go , let 's insist that it must work . Let 's keep working until it changes ; let 's keep changing until we tear down these walls . Because we can . Because we have no choice . Because we love this land . God bless Nigeria .	Chude Jideonwo says Nigerians need to fight for Nigeria , and refuse to give up on Nigeria . In a speech at The Future Project awards , he urged Nigerians not to abandon the country He says it is ` almost impossible to be proud of Nigeria , ' but there is a hope
U.S. runner Nick Symmonds took a swipe at Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law after winning a silver medal in the 800-meter competition at the World Track & Field Championships in Moscow , according to state-run media . Symmonds became the first athlete to openly criticize the law on Russian soil Tuesday when , after registering a time of one minute , 43.55 seconds , he dedicated his second-place finish to all his gay friends back home , RIA Novosti reported . "  As much as I can speak out about it , I believe that all humans deserve equality as however God made them , " he told the news outlet at Luzhniki Stadium . "  Whether you 're gay , straight , black , white , we all deserve the same rights . If there 's anything I can do to champion the cause and further it , I will , shy of getting arrested . " Symmonds , 29 , who appeared in a February ad for the gender-equality group , NOH8 , went on record with his sentiments earlier this month in a blog post for Runner 's World magazine . In it , he flatly stated his support for LGBT rights -- and his disagreement with the Russian law -- but promised not to raise the subject in Russia because "  the playing field is not a place for politics . " "  I say this not out of fear of prosecution by the Russian government , but out of respect for the fact that I will be a guest in the host nation . Just as I would not accept a dinner invite to a friend 's house and then lecture them on how to raise their kids , neither will I lecture the Russian government on how to govern their people , " he wrote . CNN iReport : What it 's like to be gay in Russia Russia insists the law , which was signed in June and bans "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors , " is intended to protect children . It bars discussion of gay rights and relationships within earshot of children . International rights groups have called the legislation highly discriminatory , as anti-gay attacks are on the rise in Russia and are sometimes perpetrated by the police themselves . There have been widespread calls for boycotts and protests -- including a vodka-dumping demonstration in Los Angeles -- casting a pall over the 2014 Sochi Olympics . The gay rights group , All Out , has delivered a petition with hundreds of thousands of signatures denouncing Russia 's stance on gay rights . The International Olympic Committee says it has "  received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games . " The committee told All Out representatives last week that it would pursue a stronger , written statement from the government , All Out spokesman Guillaume Bonnet said .	Nick Symmonds is first athlete to openly criticize anti-gay law on Russian soil Runner says he will do anything to champion equality , except get arrested The American took a silver medal at World Track & Field Championships Russian law prohibits talk of gay rights , relationships in earshot of children
CNN  Weeks after a grand jury chose not to indict the officer who shot Michael Brown , officials have released a new mound of documents from the weeks of proceedings . They include more witness interviews , an autopsy conducted by a Justice Department medical examiner , as well as radio communications from the day of the shooting , which CNN has reported on previously . The documents do not seem to shed any new light on the events that led to Officer Darren Wilson shooting Brown . On November 24 , the day the grand jury 's decision was announced , the St. Louis County prosecutor 's office released thousands of documents from the proceedings . Among the details that emerged : Wilson fired his gun 12 times ; the officer said he feared Brown could beat him to death ; and Wilson said he was not carrying a stun gun because "  it is not the most comfortable thing . They are very large . " The latest document release does not include one notable element : the FBI interview with witness Dorian Johnson , Brown 's friend who was with him at the time of his shooting . Despite the promises of St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch , who had promised to make all witness testimony in the case public , McCulloch 's office told CNN affiliate KSDK that it has kept some records secret at the request of federal authorities , who are still investigating the incident . Executive assistant Ed Magee said the office had "  turned over and relinquished control " of the FBI 's interview , according to USA Today . He said the FBI asked the county not to release records that are part of an ongoing federal civil rights probe . What Darren Wilson told the Ferguson grand jury The Justice Department autopsy found that Brown 's multiple gunshot wounds included one in the right hand at close range . Those findings are similar to previous autopsy results . CNN 's Rachel Clarke and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	The St. Louis County prosecutor 's office releases hundreds more documents They include witness interviews and an autopsy from a Justice Department medical examiner They do n't include FBI interview with Michael Brown 's friend and witness Dorian Johnson Prosecutor had vowed to share all witness testimony ; now says some records must be secret
Mexico City  CNN  -- On the eve of a meeting of Mexico ´ s top prosecutors and judicial officials in Veracruz state , authorities Wednesday were still trying to determine who left 35 bodies in a busy thoroughfare there -- and why . Investigators said a video may hold clues to how unidentified men managed to drive two open-back trucks filled with corpses through rush-hour traffic and then abandon them , blocking traffic as stunned onlookers watched . Police in the Gulf coast state of Veracruz found the abandoned trucks and the bodies near a shopping mall in the municipality of Boca del Rio on Tuesday . Mexico ´ s state prosecutors and court presidents are scheduled to meet there Thursday . Photos of the scene showed the two trucks with their back gates open , the bodies falling out onto the street . People on a nearby overpass looked down on shirtless bodies piled on top of each other . ¨ This is a way of making yourself known , and saying , ´ We have the power , we can do this with impunity , ´ ¨ said Jose Reveles , a security analyst . " ` We do it at five in the evening , in a heavily traveled avenue . We drive two trucks loaded with cadavers , and nobody stops us . ' " Drug-related violence has been on the rise in Veracruz as cartel members battle over territory . But the large toll gripped headlines across Mexico and drew attention from peace activists gathering in a conference in the nation ´ s capital Wednesday . "  They were left like trash in the street , " said Edgardo Buscaglia , president of the Institute of Citizen Action for Justice and Democracy . Buscaglia , an expert on organized crime , told audience members that the bodies found in Veracruz are a reminder that Mexicans must not become desensitized to violence , even if authorities say the victims had criminal histories . "  The value of a human life does not decrease because it has a criminal background or not , " he said . The dead included 12 women and 23 men . The video may show that the two trucks were guarded by other cars that could have doubled as getaway vehicles , Veracruz Attorney General Reynaldo Escobar Perez said Wednesday in a radio interview . He did not say where the video came from . Investigators also are looking into whether police colluded with the people who discarded the bodies , he told W Radio . As of Wednesday , morning , 95 % of the bodies had been identified through databases , Escobar Perez said . Most of them had criminal records , he said . One of them was identified as a local policeman who disappeared about 15 days ago , he said . In another interview , the attorney general said that the victims died of suffocation . Only one had a bullet wound , he said . The state of the bodies led investigators to deduce they died shortly before being abandoned , Escobar Perez said . The attorney general on Tuesday described the grisly discovery as "  unprecedented . " "  It has n't happened before in the state of Veracruz , " he said . The two trucks were abandoned in the middle of the highway , witnesses said . Their gates were open and bodies had fallen out . Hours later , bloodstains remained on the road as troops stood guard . Boca del Rio is in Veracruz state 's most populated area . It has become a frequent site of clashes between armed groups as drug-related violence grows . Earlier Tuesday , 32 inmates escaped from three prisons in Veracruz , authorities said . At least 14 of them have been apprehended . Escobar Perez said none of the bodies that had been identified by Tuesday night appeared connected with the prison breaks . Government figures indicate that more than 34,600 people have been killed in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . Other reports estimate that more than 40,000 have died . The latest government figures were released in January . Speaking at the United Nations General Assembly Wednesday , Calderon decried the violence caused by drug trafficking and called on fellow leaders to put a stop to the burgeoning weapons trade and rampant drug consumption fueling it . ¨ Today we must be aware that organized crime today is killing more people and more youth than all the dictatorial regimes combined at this time , ¨ he said . CNN ´ s Rey Rodriguez , Mario Gonzalez and Catherine E. Shoichet and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst : Criminals are sending a message of power , impunity NEW : Mexico ´ s state prosecutors are scheduled to meet nearby The attorney general says investigators have a video of the scene The bodies were found near a shopping mall in Veracruz state
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese authorities Monday arrested dozens of demonstrators in Hohhot as protests spread to the provincial capital and other cities in Inner Mongolia despite tightened security and reports of martial law , activists told CNN . "  Several hundred people , mostly students and ordinary Hohhot residents , gathered at Xinhua Square around 11 a.m. Monday , chanting slogans and holding signs demanding legal rights for the Mongolia people , " said Enghebatu Togochog , director of the New York-based Southern Mongolian Human Rights Information Center . "  Paramilitary troops dispersed the crowd after an hour and dozens were arrested . " Sources in the city told him the protest turnout was much smaller than planned , Togochog said , as officials sealed local campuses and shut down social media . He added that , in addition to Hohhot , the government has also deployed paramilitary troops into Tongliao , Chifeng and other cities , putting more areas in Inner Mongolia under de facto martial law . Local officials continue to dispute activists ' accounts , even as state-run media reported some conciliatory gestures by the government . "  There was no protest in downtown Hohhot , " Wen Fei , an official with Inner Mongolia 's foreign affairs office , told CNN . "  Everything is normal and there is no martial law . " "  All students are free to move around , " echoed Ji Shugang , a spokesman for the government of Xilin Gol prefecture . "  Journalists are welcome here , but you need to apply for permission first . " Xilin Gol is the site of one of the largest protests last week , as an estimated 2,000 Mongolian students took to the streets to show solidarity with a Mongolian herder , who was struck and killed by a Chinese coal truck driver . In an unusual move , Inner Mongolia 's Communist Party chief visited the Xilin Gol area Friday to meet with students and teachers , the Inner Mongolia Daily reported . Hu Chunhua said authorities had detained the suspects in the herder 's death and promised swift punishment to those found responsible , according to the newspaper . The government has also sacked a top local official and pledged to better manage the mining industry to reduce its impact on herders ' livelihood . The Beijing-based Global Times , a mass-circulating tabloid , ran an editorial Tuesday , calling some demands of "  largely peaceful protesters " in Inner Mongolia "  reasonable " while accusing Western media of exaggerating ethnic clashes in the region . Activists acknowledge officials ' effort to calm tensions , but doubted their sincerity in resolving the dispute long term . They say the government 's push in recent years to expand coal mining in areas traditionally used for grazing has threatened the very existence of Mongolian herders and their culture . "  Officials just temporarily shut down a coal mine where the herder was killed , " Togochog said . "  Hu Chunhua still stated development must go on , so they wo n't halt coal mining and production in the area forever . " The grassroots and peaceful nature of the Mongolian demonstrations has made it difficult for authorities to justify a harsh crackdown , he added , noting Beijing 's more heavy-handed responses in the past to protests by Tibetans and Uighur Muslims . "  By carrying out this non-violent movement , Mongolians are gaining confidence in people power , in its ability to demand changes , " he said . The Chinese government has hailed Inner Mongolia as a "  model autonomous region " with rapid economic growth -- spurred by the mining industry -- and ethnic harmony . With the recent unrest gaining international attention , Beijing is playing down the ethnic dimension . "  Local authorities are trying to balance environmental protection and economic development , " Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu commented Tuesday on the herder 's death . "  Overseas parties who try to use this incident to stir up trouble have ulterior motives . " Mongolians have lived in the area for centuries , but the Han Chinese -- who arrived in large numbers after the founding of the People 's Republic in 1949 -- now make up almost 80 percent of Inner Mongolia 's population .	The protests move to other cities in Inner Mongolia "  Troops dispersed the crowd after an hour and dozens were arrested , " an activist says This follows protests last week
CNN  -- The allegations about Bill Cosby keep coming . For decades , Cosby was thought of in glowing terms as a perceptive comedian , upbeat pitchman and genial father figure . His public personality made him more than rich -- it made him a role model , admired for his support of education and his no-nonsense talks on parenting and achievement . In recent weeks , that persona has been paired with another , much darker image . On Tuesday , the famed comedian and TV star was accused of rape by Janice Dickinson , a former model . In an interview on "  Entertainment Tonight , " Dickinson claimed Cosby assaulted her in 1982 after the two had dinner in Lake Tahoe . Cosby attorney Marty Singer was blunt in his response . "  Janice Dickinson 's story accusing Bill Cosby of rape is a lie , " he told CNN in a statement . "  There is a glaring contradiction between what she is claiming now for the first time and what she wrote in her own book and what she told the media back in 2002 . Ms. Dickinson did an interview with the New York Observer in September 2002 entitled ` Interview With a Vamp ' completely contradicting her new story about Mr. Cosby . "  That interview a dozen years ago said ` she did n't want to go to bed with him and he blew her off . ' Her publisher HarperCollins can confirm that no attorney representing Mr. Cosby tried to kill the alleged rape story  since there was no such story  or tried to prevent her from saying whatever she wanted about Bill Cosby in her book . " He added , "  Documentary proof and Ms. Dickinson 's own words show that her new story about something she now claims happened back in 1982 is a fabricated lie . " Dickinson 's allegations come on the heels of other rape accusations . Cosby has repeatedly said the allegations are untrue . He has never been prosecuted . Over the weekend , Cosby was asked about "  serious allegations raised about you " by NPR 's Scott Simon . "  Do you have any response to those charges ? " Simon asked . In response , Cosby shook his head in silence . On Sunday , Cosby attorney John P. Schmitt released a written statement . "  Over the last several weeks , decade-old , discredited allegations against Mr. Cosby have resurfaced , " Schmitt said . "  The fact that they are being repeated does not make them true . Mr. Cosby does not intend to dignify these allegations with any comment . " The accusations have received wide publicity in recent weeks , spurred in particular by two events : a viral video of comedian Hannibal Buress in which he called Cosby a "  rapist , " and an attempt to create a Cosby meme sponsored by Cosby 's Twitter account . The latter led to many images of Cosby with the rape accusations emblazoned over his picture . The allegations have taken a toll on Cosby 's family-friendly , fatherly image . On Tuesday , Netflix announced that a Cosby special , set to debut November 28 , would be postponed . Then , on Wednesday , his old network , NBC , announced that a Cosby show in the works has been scuttled . The events detailed by Cosby 's accusers took place over many decades . Five women have gone on record in describing them . Another woman , Andrea Constand , approached Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , authorities in 2005 , but prosecutors decided they had "  insufficient credible and admissible evidence . " "  The desire on our part to move forward was pretty strong , " Bruce Castor , then the Montgomery County district attorney , told CNN 's "  New Day " on Wednesday . "  The problem with the case was she waited a year until she told police about it . " At the time , Cosby lawyer Walter M. Phillips Jr. told CNN the allegations were "  utterly preposterous " and "  plainly bizarre . " Constand later filed a civil suit . Her lawyers said they found 13 Jane Doe witnesses with similar stories . However , Constand 's suit was settled in November 2006 , and the witnesses were never called . Terms have not been disclosed . Here are details on the other five named women : Name : Joan Tarshis Who was : a 19-year-old actress When alleged events happened : Late 1969 At the time , Cosby was : a year removed from his hit TV series , "  I Spy , " starting work on a new sitcom , "  The Bill Cosby Show , " and one of the most popular comedians in America . His 1968 album , "  To Russell , My Brother , Whom I Slept With , " had won a Grammy as best comedy performance in March -- Cosby 's fifth straight win in the category . The accusation : Tarshis , who later became a journalist and music industry publicist , said she met Cosby while visiting Los Angeles . The two became friendly . One night after a taping of his sitcom , he invited her back to his bungalow and fixed her a "  redeye "  a Bloody Mary topped with beer , her regular drink  . "  The next thing I remember was coming to on his couch while being undressed , " she told Hollywood Elsewhere . "  I was sickened by what was happening to me and shocked that this man I had idolized was now raping me . Of course I told no one . " It was the first of two incidents , Tarshis said . When she went public : 2014 -- Name : Tamara Green Who was : an aspiring model in her early 20s When alleged events happened : 1970 At the time , Cosby was : starring on "  The Bill Cosby Show . " A year later , he would start guesting on the children 's program "  The Electric Company . " The accusation : Green , who later became an attorney , said she met Cosby at a working lunch with several other people . She was suffering from the flu and Cosby "  went into some sort of office area at the back of the restaurant and he produced two capsules in his hand , " she told the "  Today Show 's " Matt Lauer . She took the capsules , which at first made her feel "  great " and then left her "  almost literally face down on the table of this restaurant . " Cosby took her to her apartment and started "  groping me and kissing me and touching me and handling me and you know , taking off my clothes , " Green said . After telling Cosby "  that if he did n't kill me and he tried to rape me , it was going to go very badly , " he left two $ 100 bills on her coffee table and left . When Green went public , a lawyer for Cosby told "  Today , " "  Miss Green 's allegations are absolutely false . Mr. Cosby does not know the name Tamara Green or  maiden name  Tamara Lucier , and the incident she describes did not happen . The fact that she may have repeated this story to others is not corroboration . " When she went public : 2005 -- Name : Janice Dickinson Who was : a noted model When alleged events happened : 1982 At the time , Cosby was : touring as a comedian and well-known for his Jell-O and Coca-Cola commercials . The accusation : Dickinson says that she and Cosby had dinner in Lake Tahoe , Nevada , and he gave her a glass of red wine and a pill she believed was for menstrual cramps . "  The last thing I remember was Bill Cosby in a patchwork robe , dropping his robe and getting on top of me . And I remember a lot of pain , " she told "  Entertainment Tonight . " Dickinson said she wanted to write about the incident in her 2002 memoir "  No Lifeguard on Duty , " but said Cosby 's lawyers told her to remove details . Marty Singer , the Cosby attorney , told TheWrap.com that her claim is untrue . "  N  either Mr. Cosby or any of his representatives ever communication  sic  with the publisher about any alleged rape or sexual assault about the book , " he said . When she went public : 2014 -- Name : Beth Ferrier Who was : a model in her early 20s When alleged events happened : mid-1980s At the time , Cosby was : a touring comedian , advertising pitchman and , starting in 1984 , the star of "  The Cosby Show , " the No. 1 show on television . The accusation : Ferrier told the Philadelphia Daily News and People magazine that she met Cosby in Denver in the mid - '80s . He mentored her for a time but , one night , she said he gave her a drugged cappuccino . "  I woke up in my car in the parking lot with my clothes all a mess , " she said . "  I wondered , I still wonder , ` What did he do with me ? Why was my bra unhooked ? ' " The two later conducted an "  on-and-off consensual affair " that lasted several years , wrote People 's Alex Tresniowski . "  He kept luring me in , " Ferrier told the magazine . "  I felt like I could n't say no . " At the time , Cosby 's publicist told People that he had no comment . When she went public : 2005 -- Name : Barbara Bowman Who was : a teenage model and actress When alleged events happened : mid-1980s At the time , Cosby was : starring in "  The Cosby Show . " The accusation : In 1985 , Cosby met the then 17-year-old Bowman in Denver and visited her a number of times , giving her acting lessons and "  flying me around to major cities to events , " she told Newsweek . After she turned 18 , Cosby "  assaulted  me  a number of times . " In an incident in New York , Bowman "  had one glass of wine and then I blacked out . I woke up throwing up in the toilet . ... I was wearing a white T-shirt that was n't mine , and he was in a white robe . " In an incident in Atlantic City , an angry Cosby "  got on top of me and started taking his pants off and I was screaming and crying and begging him to leave me alone and I fought so hard and I was screaming so loud that he got mad and threw me aside and got away from me , and that was it . " The statement of Cosby attorney Schmitt , released Sunday , said , "  Over the last several weeks , decade-old , discredited allegations against Mr. Cosby have resurfaced . The fact that they are being repeated does not make them true . Mr. Cosby does not intend to dignify these allegations with any comment . " When she went public : 2006 . She has since written a Washington Post column published November 13 . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Ben Brumfield , Chris Cuomo , Jethro Mullen , Chuck Johnston and Rachel Wells contributed to this story .	Bill Cosby 's image damaged by allegations Another accuser , Janice Dickinson , gives interview Cosby attorney : Dickinson 's story "  is a lie " Debut of movie postponed , NBC show scuttled
CNN  -- Twice defending champion Venus Williams moved closer to a Wimbledon title hat-trick on Monday when fourth-round rival Ana Ivanovic left in tears after quitting their Court One match through injury . Ivanovic concedes to holder Venus in tearful fashion after suffering injury anguish at Wimbledon Serbia 's former world number one lost the first set 6-1 against third-seeded American rival Williams and was serving in the first game of the second when she was forced to stop because of a thigh problem . Thirteenth-seed Ivanovic returned to court after treatment to win the game , but then quit the match -- handing Williams a place in the last eight in a highly-emotional moment . "  It 's very disappointing , especially because I felt my form was getting better and better . It 's really frustrating , " Ivanovic told media while still struggling to regain her composure . "  The most disappointing thing is I felt like I was n't given a fair chance to fight . All of a sudden I felt pain after a serve . I did n't feel anything up until that point . "  Over past few days I have felt muscle tightness , but that was normal after playing so much on the grass . "  I was serving at 30-40 down and when I landed I just felt a sharp pain on my inner thigh and I could n't step on my leg ever since . " Williams now faces Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska , the 11th seed , as she bids to become the first woman to lift three successive Wimbledon singles ' titles since Steffi Graf from 1991 to 1993 . Sister Serena , the second seed and a two-time Wimbledon champion , joined Venus in the last eight with a 6-3 6-1 victory over Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova . Williams turned up the heat in the first set when her family belatedly took their seats having been on Court One watching Venus . Serena opened a 4-0 lead in the second and took the match in just under an hour . She now meets eight-seeded Belarusian Victoria Azarenka who battled to beat 10th-seeded Russian Nadia Petrova 7-6 2-6 6-3 . Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus has yet to drop a set in this year 's event and has extended her winning streak at the All England Club to 18 matches . Radwanska , a quarterfinalist last year , triumphed 6-4 7-5 against American teenager Melanie Oudin who had to qualify for the main draw . Elena Dementieva , semifinalist a year ago , hardly broke sweat as temperatures soared , the fourth seed defeating fellow Russian blonde Elena Vesnina 6-1 6-3 in 70 minutes on Court 2 . Dementieva , making her 11th Wimbledon appearance , never looked back after wrapping up the first set inside 29 minutes and now encounters either France 's Virginie Razzano or Italy 's Francesca Schiavone for a place in the semifinals . World number one Dinara Safina , who has yet to win a Grand Slam title , faced 2006 champion Amelie Mauresmo on Centre Court -- and Wimbledon 's new roof was shut for the first time during their match when rain fell midway through the second set . Russian Safina of Russia was trailing at the time having lost the first set . But the top seed recovered for a 4-6 6-3 6-4 win and a last-eight meeting with Sabine Lisicki . Nineteen-year-old German Lisicki gained a 6-4 6-4 win over world number nine Caroline Wozniacki , of Denmark .	Title holder Venus Williams moves closer to a Wimbledon title hat-trick Fourth-round rival Ana Ivanovic in tears after quitting match through injury American Williams faces Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska in last eight
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A newspaper advertisement for a Miami car dealership reads more like a coupon for bags of potato chips : "  Buy one , get two ! " It 's estimated that 900 automotive dealerships will have shut their doors by year 's end . The ad speaks to the desperation of car dealers as Big Three auto manufacturers beg Washington for billions in bailout dollars to combat sales that keep dipping to all-time lows . "  The first thing people think when they come in is , ` It 's a fake ad . It 's a normal car dealer ad . It 's a gimmick . ' But it 's not , " said Ali Ahmed , sales manager at Rob Lambdin 's University Dodge in Miami . To be fair , there is a catch to the buy-one-get-one-free offer : You must first buy a new Dodge truck at full retail price before you 're eligible to receive a second truck for about $ 3,000 in tax , tags and dealer fees . "  We 've been fielding phone calls and e-mail inquiries from every state in the country looking to get this buy-one-get-one deal , " Ahmed said . About 700 dealerships , most of them selling cars from U.S. automakers , have shut their doors since the beginning of the year . The number is expected to hit 900 by year 's end . Last month , National Automobile Dealers Association Chairwoman Annette Sykora told the House Financial Services Committee some 19,700 dealerships will still be around by the end of 2008 , compared with 50,000 in the 1940s . Auto sales are at a 15-year low , she said , which affects more than the Big Three automakers . Dealers are slashing personnel and expenses . Sykora herself has had to cut staff by about 20 percent at her dealerships , she said . iReport.com : Ask the automakers your questions Sykora , a third-generation car saleswoman who sells Big Three automobiles at dealerships in Slaton and Levelland , Texas , said she recently sat down with the superintendent of Slaton schools . "  We started discussing what would happen if the dealerships in my hometown were to close , " she said during her November 19 testimony . "  The loss of tax revenue would force them to cut programs and teachers . "  Many displaced dealership families might have to leave town in search of work in other places , compounding the loss . This same scene would play out in hundreds of communities in the U.S. " Dealerships , Sykora explained , are independent businesses , not arms of the automakers . They invest in land , equipment , buildings and take out millions of dollars in loans to put the vehicles on their lots and showroom floors . She also said car dealerships are a prime source of advertising revenue for local media , they support charities and Little League teams and they are integral to the tax base , she said . "  One-fifth of the nation 's retail purchases are automobiles . By getting automotive retailing back on track , Congress can effectively leverage the economic engine of the automobile industry to get this economy running on all cylinders again , " she said , pleading with Congress not to let the Big Three file for bankruptcy . Watch what the automakers are asking for " With the world 's economy reeling , expensive items like cars are not high priorities for families and businesses . It does n't help that the credit crunch is making it difficult to get loans , which the majority of U.S. consumers need to purchase vehicles . Also compounding matters is consumer confidence , which hit an all-time low in October and did n't improve much in November , according to the nonprofit Conference Board , which maintains indices on consumers ' trust in the marketplace . According to Autodata , car sales have plummeted since last year . In the United States , the number of sales of passenger cars and light trucks in November 2008 was down 36.7 percent from November 2007 -- from about 1.18 million to 747,000 . Also , as of November 2008 , automakers had sold about 12.35 million cars and light trucks , compared with 14.76 million during the same time period last year -- a drop of 16.3 percent , according to Autodata 's summary of U.S. light vehicle retail sales . Comparing November 2008 sales with those in November 2007 , Autodata reported that General Motors saw a 41.3 percent drop , Ford a 30.5 percent drop and Chrysler 47.1 percent . But it 's not just U.S. automakers taking a hit : Toyota 's vehicle sales declined 33.9 percent , Honda 's dipped 31.6 percent and Nissan 's dropped 42.2 percent during that time period , Autodata reported . "  It 's definitely a tough climate right now , " said Matt Lee , floor manager for Major World Auto in New York . "  A lot of people are saying it 's a perfect storm of gas prices and financing and consumer confidence . " Major World Auto used to sell about 150 cars a month . It now sells about half that , Lee said . And of the 15 to 20 salespeople who used to roam the salesroom floor , about 10 are left , he said . "  Salesmen actually just walked out because they 're not making enough money to support their family , " he said . Major World has stopped bringing in new models because it ca n't sell the cars it has . Like University Dodge in Miami , it is resorting to some creative sales pitches , including zero-percent financing for 72 months and rebates of up to $ 7,500 . But even with the bargains , car dealers are having trouble getting customers into the showrooms . In a recent CNN visit to Major World , which lasted about two hours , only one customer walked onto the lot -- to browse . "  Where you would see five people a day coming in to at least look at a car per salesmen , you 're getting maybe one person a day or two people a day , " salesman Jamie Krinsky said . If the Big Three file for bankruptcy , Sykora told Congress last month , sales and confidence will continue to plummet . "  Imagine how banks would react to a dealer who has asked for millions of dollars to finance new and used inventories from an automaker going through ` reorganization , ' " she said . Watch whether a bailout would come too late for dealers " The government can help boost auto sales in many ways , Sykora said , citing two proposed tax incentives : one that would make interest payments on car loans tax deductible and another that would encourage consumers to upgrade their older cars for more fuel-efficient models . "  Cash for clunkers " programs are in place in Texas and California , she said . "  Whether it 's my dealerships in Texas or it 's the dealership in your community , the fact is local dealerships will be a major factor in our economic recovery , " she told the House committee . "  To get the economy back on track , we must restore consumer demand , and the only way to do that is to restore consumer confidence . " CNN 's Alina Cho and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Dealer : Dealerships to dwindle to 19,700 by 2009 , compared with 50,000 in 1940s Consumer confidence , credit crunch major factors in plummeting auto sales Autodata says November sales about 747,000 , compared with 1.18 million last year New York dealership : Salespeople "  walked out " because pay wo n't support families
Hickory , North Carolina  CNN  -- Residents of Hickory , North Carolina , held a candlelight vigil to celebrate the life of Zahra Baker , the freckle-faced girl authorities discovered dead more than a month after she was reported missing . Zahra would have turned 11 on Tuesday , police said . "  Thirty-nine days ago , most of us did not know Zahra Baker . But over more than a month , we have all fallen in love with her and become better people because of her , " said Hickory Police Chief Tom Adkins . The girl 's stepmother , Elisa Baker , reported Zahra missing on October 9 . Elisa Baker was arrested the next day , after police said she admitted to writing a fake ransom note found at the family 's home in Hickory . No one other than a relative had seen Zahra since September 25 . At the vigil , people lit candles and prayed . They sang "  Happy Birthday " and released white balloons and balloons that said "  Happy Birthday . " Adkins spoke about the young girl 's strength of spirit , her bubbling personality and the desire she had to be just like any other child . He did not address the investigation into her death . Zahra lost part of her left leg at age 5 and lost hearing in both ears while being treated for cancer . Both her biological parents were from Australia . The girl 's father , Adam Troy Baker , was arrested in late October in nearby Catawba County on eight charges : five counts of writing bad checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Authorities said the charges were unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance , and he was later released on bail . His wife , Elisa Baker , remains in jail . Besides an obstruction of justice charge for the ransom note , she is accused of writing worthless checks . Police said she has been cooperating with investigators , including going with them to a search site . Her sister , April Fairchild , attended the vigil . "  It was amazing , " she said . "  It 's such an inspiration to see the support . " Hickory Mayor Rudy Wright was also there and spoke about Zahra . He said her tragic death brought out the best of the community , though most people never knew her . "  In her photos , we can see the resiliency she surely had and we wish we could hold her and give her love and security , " he said . "  Zahra is in a better place tonight . " CNN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	The remains of Zahra Baker were discovered last week She was reported missing in early October The girl would have turned 11 on Tuesday "  We have ... become better people because of her , " police chief says
PEOPLE.com  -- One thing Jennifer Lopez has n't missed about not constantly being in the spotlight anymore : constantly watching her weight . "  Part of my business is being in shape and looking good . You ca n't lie to yourself about it , " Lopez , 40 , told the January issue of Allure . "  But I 'm not the monster I used to be in the exercise department . " Her reprieve likely is coming to an end . The mother of 17-month-old twins Max and Emme released a dance track , "  Fresh Out of the Oven , " in October and performed at the American Music Awards in December . Her new album , "  Love , " drops in January . As well as having to hit the gym again , J-Lo may also have to deal with that other flip side of fame -- the paparazzi . "  It 's a business . Once they stop making money off of you they stop coming around , " Lopez said . © 2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jennifer Lopez told Allure magazine that she 'd fallen off her workout routine Now that she 's gearing up with a new album , she 's getting back to her old habits Lopez : Part of my business is being in shape and looking good
CNN  -- In the 4x100 sprint relay , it is the handoffs that decide the winner . Speed is important , but without a top-notch changeover , you 're out . The maneuver is a perfectly orchestrated move performed in a split second without looking . It 's all about teamwork , something Tianna Madison knows a thing or two about . She was part of the U.S. team that won gold in the relay at the London Olympics , shattering the world record in the process . Read related : London 2012 's top-10 sporting moments Madison is now back in the U.S. , using the lessons she learned on the track to help young girls learn their worth and make positive choices for the future . As a role model , she is not shy to share her experiences -- including the downs in her life : "  I went from being World Champion long jumper in 2005 , to nothing in the last seven years , to now being an Olympian . "  I dealt with a bankruptcy ; I had my home foreclosed , and these were things that happened and I was not honest with myself about why I was in that situation , " she said . Crucially for her career , she realized that she could n't deal with everything on her own . She was lucky enough to get help and support from her husband . Building on this experience , she started Club 360 , to give young women love and support , which they might not find elsewhere . Madison sat down with CNN to talk about the ups and downs of her career and how they motivated her to start the program . CNN : What is Club 360 and why did you decide to start it ? Tianna Madison : Club 360 is a personal development program for girls aged nine and up . We teach girls and young women the importance of living with integrity , honor , and self-respect and we do that through both online and offline activities . They can learn good habits , take their weaknesses and make them into strengths . CNN : Why did you decide to incorporate your ideals of "  honor , integrity and self-respect " into Club 360 's platform ? TM : Integrity means I will not waver from where I want to be , cut corners or cheat myself . When I met my husband , he had a hard conversation with me : I had a weakness where I would say one thing but my action would indicate something else . I would say I wanted to be a great athlete , but I would only give 50 % at practice . I learned to be very honest with myself so I know exactly where I am . I can take those weaknesses and turn them into my strengths . Honor means that if I say I am going to do ten reps , I will do ten reps. Sometimes 12 . It is important to me to bring honor to my sport , to the people I work with , and to my husband . I can only do that by setting the course . Self-respect : Do n't do anything that would derail you or damage you . When you know for a fact who you are and what you want , peer pressure really does n't exist . CNN : How does teamwork play into it ? TM : In a relay , you have to be trusted and you have to trust the next runner . That is what made our team successful . Allyson Felix trusted me to hand her the baton and I trusted her to give me a good target to give her the baton . In school when you have group projects or at work when you have to come together as a team , you have to trust that each person is going to deliver and you have to be trustworthy iReport : Photos of Tianna Madison CNN : Part of your group 's platform is combating stereotypes and avoiding the over-sexualization of young women . What stereotypes do you feel compelled to combat as a female athlete ? TM : People think that athletes do not put a lot of emphasis on education . That is really not true ; education is very important . We want our members to experience a range of new things . We teach girls not to not keep themselves in a box where they think they are supposed to be or where they fit in . Tianna Madison on Twitter CNN : What challenges have you faced in your life and career , and what lessons have you learned that you feel you can pass along to these young women ? TM : I had to deal with being molested in high school and what that did to my self-esteem and my ability to trust . I overcame this with the love and support of my husband . But this is definitely not a sob story ! I also went from being World Champion long jumper in 2005 , to nothing in the last seven years , to now being an Olympian . I dealt with a bankruptcy ; I had my home foreclosed , and these were things that happened and I was not honest with myself about why I was in that situation . It was n't until  last  September that I was able to do that . It took someone like my husband to give me the love and tools to help me change it . It was not something I could do on my own . That is why I wanted to start Club 360 -- so we could give these young women love and support as well . CNN : What 's the biggest lesson you 'll take away from your experience in London ? TM : No matter what stage you 're on , no matter where you are , it always comes down to your ability to execute . On the other side , the Olympic Games showed me that I was a part of a larger movement . While my role in that movement was in sports , the whole world was involved in a unity that was amazing to see . Ivana Kottasova contributed to this story	Olympic gold medalist Tianna Madison helps young women develop personal strength Through her program , Club 360 , she teaches girls to live with self-respect and integrity As a world record holder and Olympic champion , she uses her own experience as an inspiration
CNN  -- A battle of former World No. 1 's in Tokyo saw Ana Ivanovic continue her 2014 renaissance with a fourth title of the year as she beat Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki in the final Sunday . It 's been a fine year too for Wozniacki , capped by a runner-up spot to Serena Williams in the U.S.Open , but she proved second best to her Serbian opponent , who won 6-2 7-6 in the final of the WTA Pan Pacific Open . It stretched Ivanovic 's career tally over Wozniacki to five wins against two , the victory wrapped up in 99 minutes . "  It was a really good battle out there -- there were some very tough moments , especially in the second set , " Ivanovic told the official WTA website . "  But I just tried to take it one point at a time , and I 'm really happy to make it through . It 's just an amazing feeling to win this title . " Having taken the opener with three breaks of service , Ivanovic had trailed 3-1 early in the second , but fought back to level at 4-4 . It eventually went to a tiebreak , won 7-2 by Ivanovic , who wrapped up the title and the near $ 200,000 first prize with a forehand down the line , "  I tried to serve and return well . I tried to play the first couple of balls out wide so she has to run for it , " was the verdict of the beaten Wozniacki . "  Ana was playing very aggressively . " While Ivanovic and Wozniacki have gone some way to booking their place in the end of season WTA Tour finals in Singapore , another former world number one , Victoria Azarenka of Belarus , has called quits on her season . Azarenka , who started the year second-ranked behind Serena Williams , has been plagued by a foot injury and has decided to withdraw from the remainder of this year 's tournaments to help her recovery . Azarenka has slipped to number 26 in the rankings after missing a string of tournaments , including the big money event in Wuhan , China which started Sunday . Seven-time grand slam champion Venus Williams was an early casualty at the tournament , going down in three sets to rising young French player Caroline Garcia . Garcia won a third set tiebreaker 8-6 after the initial two sets had been shared , her victory taking more than two-and-a-half hours , in a tie-break which finished 8/6 . She will now face Polish fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska in the second round . Williams , 34 , has also shown improved form this season and arrived in China after losing in the Quebec City final to Croatia 's Mirjana Lucic-Baroni last Sunday .	Ana Ivanovic beats Caroline Wozniacki in Tokyo final Fourth title of the year for former No. 1 Ivanovic Victoria Azarenka to miss rest of the year with foot injury Venus Williams beaten in the first round in Wuhan
CNN  -- A shark attack Friday killed a 19-year-old college student off a beach on Vandenberg Air Force Base , said authorities in Santa Barbara County , California . A shark , described as being 14 to 20 feet in length , bit off the left leg of Lucas McKaine Ransom of Romoland , California , while he was Boogie Boarding with a 20-year-old male friend , said a spokesman with the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department . Ransom was a junior at University of California at Santa Barbara . He was majoring in chemical engineering . On Friday morning , Ransom was riding the waves at Surf Beach about 100 yards offshore when a shark pulled him under the water , authorities said . His friend and other witnesses pulled him from the water , authorities said . Authorities released a photograph of the Boogie Board , showing a 13-inch bite mark . Air base fire personnel pronounced Ransom dead at the scene . Federal and state fish and game officials are trying to identify the type of shark . Surf Beach is one of three that sit on the coastal military base , and officials closed all three beaches at 9:46 a.m. Pacific  12:46 p.m. ET  , shortly after the shark attack , an air base spokesman said . "  Our first responders were on scene to assist in rescue efforts , " Col. Richard Boltz , 30th Space Wing commander , said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends . " The three beaches will remain closed for 72 hours , the spokesman said . Surf Beach is open to the public , but the other two -- Wall and Minuteman beaches -- are open to base personnel only , the spokesman said . The Santa Barbara County Parks Department is posting warning signs at beaches in the Jalama and Guadalupe beach areas , authorities said .	NEW : Authorities release photos of shark bite mark on Boogie Board NEW : Victim was a junior at University of California at Santa Barbara The California military base closes all three of its beaches after attack
New York  Financial Times  -- Shares in Manchester United 's initial public offering were priced at $ 14 , below the $ 16 to $ 20 price range that underwriting banks had initially set . The lower price means the football club and its owners will raise around $ 234m from the sale of 16.7 m shares . That is nearly $ 100m lower than the $ 330m implied at the top end of the price range . It also means that the Glazer family , who have owned the club since 2005 , will raise $ 117m gross , lower than original hopes . However , underwriters retain the option to sell an additional 2.5 m shares on behalf of the "  selling shareholder " , which could raise an extra $ 35m . Half of the proceeds from the share sale are to be used to pay down the club 's large outstanding debt . When the shares start trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday under the symbol MANU , it will mark the biggest sports listing on record , surpassing World Wrestling Federation 's $ 190m IPO in 1999 , according to Thomson Reuters . The lower pricing came after the order book was closed at noon rather than at the conclusion of business on Thursday . The IPO in New York comes after previous attempts to list in Hong Kong and Singapore failed to attract sufficient demand . Investors also objected to the planned dual voting share structure . "  The US market for IPOs is deep in terms of liquidity and certainty of execution , " said Scott Cutler , co-head of US listings at NYSE Euronext . He said that attracting Manchester United to the NYSE showed that the exchange occupied a strong position in the IPO market . Manchester United 's dual class voting structure will enable the Glazer family to retain control through shares that have 10 times more voting power than the publicly traded class A shares . Also , the company has indicated that it may provide limited financial disclosure for US investors as it is raising capital as an "  emerging growth " company under the recently passed US legislation Jumpstart Our Business Startups , or Jobs Act . The law means a company can be exempted from attesting to its internal financial controls and will not be required to file quarterly reports or release information under generally accepted accounting principles for five years . Manchester United added : "  We have not taken advantage of any of these reduced reporting burdens in this prospectus , although we may choose to do so in future filings and if we do , the information that we provide shareholders may be different than you might get from other public companies in which you hold equity . " Ahead of the pricing , analysts had said the price range was too high as it implied an expensive enterprise value to earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortisation of more than 20 times . "  We see good growth potential in the business ... but we believe the midpoint of the IPO valuation range overstates the economic opportunity , " said Morningstar . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Shares in Manchester United 's IPO were priced at $ 14 , below the price range initially set The club and its owners will raise around $ 234m from the sale of 16.7 m shares Half the proceeds from the sale will be used to pay down the club 's outstanding debt When the shares start trading on Friday it will mark the biggest sports listing on record
CNN  -- Zulqarnain Haider has touched down in London after going AWOL before Pakistan 's series deciding one-day international with South Africa in Dubai . The wicketkeeper disappeared from the Pakistan team hotel on Monday morning and was pictured arriving at Heathrow airport later in the day . The Pakistan Cricket Board  PCB  confirmed he had requested his passport on Sunday night and was then nowhere to be found the following morning . Reports claimed he had received threatening messages after he scored the winning runs to help Pakistan beat South Africa in the fourth ODI on November 5 . He was later fined $ 140 for breaking a team curfew , along with teammates Shahzaib Hasan and Abdur Rehman . As the mystery of his whereabouts deepened , the PCB released a statement confirming Haider had gone missing . "  This morning Pakistan wicketkeeper Zulqarnain Haider left the team hotel without informing any member of the Pakistan team management , " it read . "  Zulqarnain was in possession of his passport at the time he left the hotel which he had taken from Pakistan team management the previous evening for personal use . "  The PCB has informed Dubai police of the incident and also has brought it into the notice of ICC 's Anti-Corruption Unit . All other concerned authorities were also taken into the loop . "  The information shared with PCB by local authorities indicates that Mr Haider has left the UAE for the United Kingdom . PCB continues to monitor this situation and is in regular contact with concerned authorities in this regard . "  A full inquiry will be held into the circumstances surrounding this incident and no further comments will be made until the facts are known . " The 24-year-old made no comment after landing in London . The UK Press Association later quoted Rana Faisal , a senior superintendent of police in Lahore , as saying that 12 officials had been sent to Haider 's family home "  so that they can be guarded properly if there is any threat . " South Africa won the match in Dubai by 57 runs and completed a 3-2 series win over Pakistan .	Pakistan cricketer Zulqarnain Haider goes missing from team hotel in Dubai Haider was due to play in a one-day international against South Africa on Monday Television pictures later show him arriving in London as inquiry is launched Reports claim Haider received threats after a winning innings in a previous match
Washington  CNN  -- For an issue such as health care reform -- and the potential to affect nearly American in a fundamental way -- no one provision , no one medical crisis , no one family can fully represent the complexity and sweep of the Affordable Care Act . But the polar views of small-business owners John Nicholson and Miles Fawcett provide a glimpse of the personal stakes and deep divide that will be felt across the social , political and legal tapestry . That signature law promoted by President Barack Obama is now being challenged at the Supreme Court . Preview : ` The implications ... are impossible to overstate ' "  Government is n't the answer , government can point to directions . Government can help solidify public involvement in what objectives should we pursue , but the advantage to the private system is you can have changes and modifications , " said Nicholson , co-owner with his wife of Company Flowers , a Washington-area florist and gift shop . "  Over a period of time it works better than the government saying : this is it . " He slaps his hand to illustrate what he sees as burdensome , bureaucratic mandates . But Fawcett sees things another way . He founded a home security firm , Urban Alarm , nine years ago and uses the medical crisis of his youngest daughter to support the idea of universal health care . "  This law or protections for children getting insurance is critical and potentially a life or death decision , " he said about ensuring that even those with pre-existing medical conditions be assured coverage . "  So having access to that health insurance is a life or death issue . It 's critical for her now , it 's critical to her and kids like her for the rest of their lives . " For Fawcett , a newborn in the throes of crisis At nine weeks , Miles Fawcett 's newborn daughter was diagnosed with biliary atresia , a rare birth defect targeting the bile ducts . The only solution was a liver transplant , and the search was on for a suitable donor . Doctors at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington found a match in Fawcett himself . "  They planned the transplant date . The preparation for the transplant was to make sure that she was as healthy as possible so that the outcome was going to be as successful as possible , " he told CNN . "  They removed 13 % of my liver and replaced her entire liver with that graft of my liver . The medication that she requires is a lifelong requirement . And so she 'll be on life-sustaining medicines presumably for the rest of her life . " Now 5 , the rambunctious kindergartner plays happily in her yard on a recent warm late winter day . She has little outward sign of her medical condition , but her parents say the girl does like to show off her belly scar to classmates . "  So she 's really lucky , we 're lucky that the underlying issue is gone , " said the 42-year-old Fawcett , talking in the kitchen with his wife . "  It 's fantastic , and it 's magical , and every day we feel how lucky we are to have been in a time and a place when this was even an option . " For Nicholson , a dreaded deluge of paperwork John Nicholson is justifiably proud of the flower shop he and his wife started two decades ago , after an earlier career as head of a trade association . He now mostly handles the paperwork , while Marnie mans the counter , the creative force behind the company 's unusual floral arrangements . "  You buy our artistic creativity . It 's a very major difference , " he told CNN . They employ about 15 people , many part-time , and Nicholson says the economic downturn has been tough on their bottom line . "  We used some of our retirement money to keep the doors open , keep our employees . We cut back a little bit , but not a lot , " he explained . "  And we 're very glad that we did because now we 're slowly but surely getting back to where we might actually make some money this year . " Reform opponent : ` Congress made a bad situation worse ' Reform supporter : ` This really is going to help the public ' The Nicholsons -- both are older than 65 -- have always offered health care to their staff . They participate in a private pool with other small businesses that offers reduced costs and more portability . He worries the new health law will not provide better quality of care or better choices , just more bureaucracy . "  Obamacare really affects only the method by which you obtain health care . That 's the sadness of that bill , it does nothing to reduce costs . What it does do is change the procedures , " he said . "  And I 'm the only one in the shop that knows about all the procedures and it means basically that all of a sudden , I 'm going to have to answer to government , filling out forms . And my experience is when I do that it 's a lot longer , it covers a lot of stuff that is extraneous , and thank you just the same -- I 'm more than happy to stay with the private side and let the government forms go somewhere else . " The law , known as the Affordable Care Act , does have several provisions to help make health care affordable for small businesses . Nicholson and many independent business owners like some aspects , but think there will be devastating tradeoffs . They also worry the law , if upheld , will only be the start of more government intervention in their free enterprise commerce . ' A simple question ... a very complicated answer ' Miles Fawcett 's family crisis four years ago came when he was leaving his employer to start Urban Alarm with his wife , Mira Saxena . They , too , employ about about 15 people . "  As a small-business owner , I 'm always concerned about controlling costs but that has to come second to just what fundamentally is right for kids and for people , " he said . "  I 'm concerned about it being more expensive , but that 's always a concern . I 'm worried about gas prices going up , I 'm concerned about how my premiums are going to be affected , but that 's a secondary consideration . And the primary concern has to be how do we provide the resources that our employees need and that our families need . " Frequently asked questions about the high court and this case The couple believes the law 's wide scope and its particular emphasis on helping small businesses like theirs will ensure they can continue to thrive economically . They especially like the provision guaranteeing anyone with a pre-existing condition like their daughter 's will not be denied health care coverage as she grows into an adult , something they equate as a basic human right . "  Are we going to deny children , much less anybody , but are we going to deny children a right to health services that are life-sustaining ? " said Miles . "  I think that 's the question and it 's a simple question , and I know it 's a very complicated answer . " Will flower shop fade under government 's shadow ? Like Fawcett , Nicholson supports the idea of universal health care to make sure every American can get access to needed medical care at any point in their lives . The question that has divided the country for decades is how to achieve it and how to pay for it . For the local florist , flexibility is the key . "  I do n't have much strength to be able to make changes , if the changes come down the pipe , that are contrary to what really makes sense for us , " he explained . "  And that 's the real problem : How do I get enough clout from a common sense standpoint , so that we can really say : ` OK , good idea , but not this way , let 's do it that way . ' And the government does n't work that way . " The grandfather with grown children worries how health care costs -- with or without the Affordable Care Act -- will affect future generations . But he says the immediate focus is on his financial future and that of his beloved flower shop . "  The law is making it hard to be a small business , " he said . "  Basically we 're jogging along , and it 's particularly difficult when we have more and more government layered on top of us . " CNN Correspondent Kate Bolduan contributed to this report	Small-business owners John Nicholson and Miles Fawcett do not see eye-to-eye Fawcett likes the plan -- he says it puts children like his ill daughter first Nicholson does n't like it -- he fears his small business will choke on the regulations Both agree there are no easy answers to make sure everyone has health care
CNN  -- Appetites already whet by Lance Armstrong 's reported admission to Oprah Winfrey of performance-enhancing drug use , we now eagerly wait to see what else the disgraced cycling legend puts on the table with the talk show queen . The first part of their 2 1/2 - hour interview airs on Winfrey 's OWN cable network and the Internet Thursday at 9 p.m. ET . Whatever transpires , Armstrong 's carefully constructed public persona has been altered forever . Livestrong : Come clean The cancer charity Armstrong founded urged the fallen star to come clean , ahead of the interview airing . "  We expect Lance to be completely truthful and forthcoming in his interview and with all of us in the cancer community , " Livestrong said in a statement released Wednesday . "  We expect we will have more to say at that time . " In October , Armstrong resigned as chairman of the charity he founded "  to spare the foundation any negative effects as a result of controversy surrounding my cycling career , " according to a statement posted to the group 's website at the time . A few weeks later , he left the board entirely amid concerns that his involvement was harming the charity . On Monday , he visited the charity and "  expressed his regret for the stress the team suffered in recent years as a result of the controversy surrounding his cycling career , " the organization said in a statement . "  Inspired by the people with cancer whom we serve , we feel confident and optimistic about the Foundation 's future and welcome an end to speculation , " the group said . Livestrong tells Armstrong : Be truthful about doping Postage due As part of his public reclamation project , Armstrong might pay back part of the money he received from the U.S. Postal Service , which sponsored the cyclist and his team while he was winning six of his Tours de France , a source familiar with the situation said . The source said Armstrong was in negotiations to repay some of the money . ESPN reported in 2011 that the agency , which is not taxpayer funded , paid more that $ 31 million to sponsor the team during the final four years of its agreement . A spokeswoman for the postal service said : "  We are not in a position now to discuss any of the legal issues associated with these developments and the prior relationship between the U.S. Postal Service and Mr. Armstrong , but we will do so at an appropriate time . " Armstrong won the Tour de France a record seven straight years , beginning in 1999 . The postal service sponsored the team from 1996 to 2004 . Lance Armstrong in talks to return Postal Service money Slipping from his pedestal The court of public opinion came down decidedly against Armstrong this week after he acknowledged using performance-enhancing drugs after years of denials . "  This guy is a loser and a liar !! " Melinda Morgan said on CNN 's Facebook page . "  He is not sorry for what he did , he is sorry that he got caught !! " Margaret Midkiff said there 's no hope of Armstrong reviving his career . "  He 's lied to folks way too long . " Cycling fan Beverlee Ring said she has "  mixed feelings " about the Winfrey interview . "  He should apologize and do whatever it takes to begin the healing , " she said in a submission to CNN 's iReport . "  Now is when the real work begins for Lance . " But Gretta Michellé said it 's too late for redemption . "  He had the opportunity to be honest from the beginning and he should have , " she posted on the Facebook page . "  Winning was more important . " Public takes shots at Armstrong Sanctions still stick Armstrong 's reported admissions , if true , would be a stunning reversal after years of vigorous denials , including lawsuits filed against accusers . But it still will not be enough to reverse the lifetime ban and other sanctions that have kept him from participating in some triathlons , the three-event sport he took up after retiring from cycling . "  Only when Mr. Armstrong makes a full confession under oath , and tells the anti-doping authorities all he knows about doping activities , can any legal and proper process for him to seek any reopening or reconsideration of his lifetime ban commence , " said David Howman , director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency . Oprah interview wo n't reduce sanctions against Armstrong , officials say Critics find vindication Those who spoke out against Armstrong at the height of his power and popularity , not only felt his wrath , but the wrath of an adoring public . Now , stripped of endorsement deals and his titles , those who did speak out are feeling vindicated . Former colleagues , assistants and journalists who ran afoul of the Armstrong machine , complained of being blackballed , ostracized and the object of lawsuits designed to shut them up . "  Eleven years of bullying and threats , " Kathy LeMond , the wife of cyclist Greg LeMond -- one of Armstrong 's earliest targets -- wrote on Twitter . "  LA is now the Greatest Fraud in the History of Sports . " Once a close friend of Armstrong , cyclist Frankie Andreu had a falling out with him after his wife , Betsy , began to cooperate with a reporter working on a book about doping allegations against Armstrong . She recently told Cycling News that "  grown men were torn to shreds by Armstrong , " and said she was "  extremely grateful " to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency for its investigation that resulted in a lifetime ban for Armstrong and loss of his seven Tour de France titles . ` What Joe Public thinks of me I do n't care , " Andreu told the New York Daily News . "  I care what my family and close friends think of me . When it affects my husband 's ability to work then it 's grossly unfair . Who knows how many jobs he lost because I refused to lie to protect Lance . " Armstrong report vindicates those who raised doping alert	Media reports say Armstrong admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs Source tells CNN the former cyclist in talks to repay some sponsorship money Interview with Winfrey lasted 2 1/2 hours Armstrong apologizes to cancer foundation workers for their stress
CNN  -- The gun lobby is fiercely , and so far successfully , blocking what easily could be the greatest technological breakthrough to catching killers and deterring others . The simple method allows bullet manufacturers to stamp a numeric code on shell casings that would make it very easy to identify the gun that fired the shot . But the National Rifle Association is lobbying against states enacting laws to require such "  microstamping . " The gun lobby is likely to prevail , given that in 2008 -- for the first time in American legal history -- the Supreme Court interpreted that the Second Amendment guaranteed an individual 's right to own guns for personal use , rather than as the tools of a "  well-regulated militia . " The 2008 case , championed by the NRA , was the District of Columbia v Heller . The Supreme Court then struck down a strict D.C. law banning handgun ownership . This , and a subsequent ruling in 2010 , effectively tied the hands of state and federal governments in enacting any reasonable gun-related laws . In 2008 , Justice Antonin Scalia , writing for the typical 5 to 4 conservative majority , argued the first clause of the Second Amendment -- "  A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state " -- merely offered one reason the founders sought to maintain the right to own firearms and that the main clause "  codified a pre-existing right . " The decision was "  a radical break from 70 years of Supreme Court precedent , " according to an op-ed in The New York Times . Although Heller applied only to federal law , the 2010 decision in McDonald v. Chicago asserted that the individual right to bear arms is a fundamental right , and thus the court 's ruling in Heller could apply to strike down state and local laws as well . "  Never in history has a federal court invalidated a law regulating the private ownership of firearms on Second Amendment grounds , " said none other than Erin N. Griswold , solicitor general in the Nixon administration and former dean of Harvard Law School . "  Indeed , that the Second Amendment poses no barrier to strong gun laws is perhaps the most well-settled proposition in American constitutional law . " Opinion : Do n't be nosy about Fast and Furious The key Supreme Court cases establishing the precedent are United States v. Cruikshank  1875  , Presser v. Illinois  1886  , Miller v. Texas  1894  and United States v. Miller  1939  . Though the details of these cases vary , and like all such cases they are subject to different readings , the decisions reached in all of them fundamentally affirm that the Constitution does not limit the states ' ability to restrict private gun ownership . In United States v. Miller , the case most often cited , Jack Miller had not properly registered his sawed-off shotgun , nor had he paid a tax for transporting this weapon in interstate commerce , both required under the 1934 Firearms Act . Miller claimed the act violated his Second Amendment rights . The court ruled that because Miller could not prove that his shotgun had "  some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well-regulated militia , we can not say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument . " In the 1875 case , United States v. Cruikshank , members of the Ku Klux Klan were charged with infringing on black citizens ' right to bear arms . The court ruled that although the Constitution prevents the government from infringing on that right , it does not apply to citizens ' interactions with one another and charged that " ` bearing arms for a lawful purpose ' ... is not a right granted by the Constitution . " Presser v. Illinois  1886  reaffirmed the court 's ruling in Cruikshank . In this case , participants in a paramilitary organization were arrested for conducting parades and weapons drills without permission . The court ruled that states have the right to prohibit citizens from forming private militias and that the Second Amendment "  is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government , " meaning that state governments are free to legislate as they choose regarding guns . Similarly , in Miller v. Texas  1894  , regarding a man who was convicted of murder with an unlicensed handgun , the court ruled that the Second Amendment does not apply to state laws , calling it "  well settled " that the Second Amendment "  operate -LSB- s -RSB- only upon the federal power and -LSB- has -RSB- no reference whatsoever to proceedings in state courts . " The United States has more gun-related deaths than any other industrialized country . The rate of gun-related death in the United States is more than double that of the next-highest industrialized country and eight times more than the average of its economic peers , according to data from the University of Pennsylvania 's Firearms and Injury Center . The U.S. firearms mortality rate is more than 70 times higher than industrialized Asian countries , like Japan , Singapore and Taiwan . An average of 32,300 Americans died each year from gun-related injuries between 1980 and 2006 . Among the many victims are children whose parents own guns to protect themselves against intruders . As someone who has experience using guns , I suggest that most homemakers are more likely to be killed in a gunbattle with an intruder than to kill him . It is ridiculous to argue that criminals kill people , not guns . Nor could Seung-Hui Cho have killed 32 people and injured 18 others at Virginia Tech with a knife instead of handguns . I realize that the majority of the Supreme Court is a conservative one and that the court very rarely reverses itself . However , this law enables the gun lobby to promote extreme positions . Is it too much to even hope that justices might revisit the 2008 decision and do what is right -- establish that the government has not just a right but a duty to regulate guns and ammunition ? Then we might even get the gun lobby to drop its opposition to stamping a tiny numeric code on shell casings . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : Stamping code on shell casings makes it easy for police to ID gun that fired shot NRA is fighting method and could win because of 2008 Supreme Court ruling , he writes Etzioni : Court ignored 70 years of precedent and guaranteed individual right to be armed This Second Amendment ruling hampers states making any gun-related law , he says
CNN  -- In the four weeks since his daughter cut her leg in the Tallapoosa River , Andy Copeland has experienced several low points . But nothing was as desperate as a moment in the surgical waiting room on May 4 . A doctor called from the operating room at Tanner Medical Center in Carrollton , Georgia , where his daughter was having surgery . "  When your daughter arrived , I was trying to save her leg , " the doctor said . "  Now I 'm trying to save her life . ' " Copeland felt his legs turn to rubber . His head went light . A hospital volunteer put a chair beneath him that caught him from falling . His wife , Donna , came into the room , and Andy repeated what the surgeon had told him . "  We cried and cried in each other 's arms , " Copeland recalled . "  We sobbed uncontrollably for 10 minutes . Then the chaplain came in and I grabbed his hand and I said , ` Let 's pray . ' " The prayer gave them great comfort , but the couple believes prayer has done even more . They believe faith in God has healed their daughter , and they cite her medical progress as proof . ` Aimee Day ' milestone arrives for Georgia woman fighting flesh-eating bacteria On May 1 , Aimee Copeland cut her left calf when the zip line she was holding snapped near the Little Tallapoosa River . The cut allowed a flesh-eating bacteria to infect her blood stream . Days later , doctors determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . Aimee was in multiple organ failure . A respirator had to breathe for her . Her kidneys did n't work and she was on full-time dialysis . Her heart barely beat -- her ejection fraction , a measure of the heart 's ability to pump blood , was 10 % , when the normal rate is 55-75 % . On May 8 , a cardiopulmonologist told her parents that Aimee 's chances of survival were "  slim to none . " The next day , they were told Aimee might not survive the night . Now , Aimee 's lungs breathe on their own . Her heart is "  strong and normal , " according to her father . While she 's still on dialysis , she 's strong enough to sit up for hours at a time . Once unconscious , she can now mouth words and even make jokes . Sunday , she spoke again for the first time , Copeland wrote . Surviving flesh-eating bacteria "  The words I hear from the medical professionals to describe Aimee 's continued recovery are ` astonishing , incredible , confounding , mind boggling , and unbelievable , ' " Copeland wrote on Aimee 's Facebook page on May 12 . "  My favorite word is miracle . " ` God has worked miracles ' Many studies have shown that people who have spiritual or religious lives are healthier than people who do not . For example , a Brazilian study published last year in the journal Explore , examined 28 other studies , found that religious and spiritual people had an 18 % lower mortality rate , which represented an 18 % reduction in mortality over the course of the study . "  The results suggest that spirituality and religiosity play a considerable role in mortality rate reductions , comparable to fruit and vegetable consumption and statin therapy , " the authors wrote . Not all studies have shown such dramatic results , and spirituality is not a guarantee of good health . "  There are plenty of religious people who die young and plenty of atheists who live to 103 , " said Dr. Andrew Newberg , director of research at the Myrna Brind Center of Integrative Medicine at Thomas Jefferson University . For some people of faith , the explanation for these findings is simple : God is healing the sick . "  God has worked miracles in Aimee 's life , " her father said . But experts who study faith and healing have different explanations for better health outcomes among the religious . For example , churchgoers might be healthier because they have the social support of their fellow congregants , who can help them when they 're sick . Another theory has to do with stress reduction . Increased levels of stress hormones , such as cortisol , hurt the body 's immune system . "  If somebody is anxious and upset and stressed , they 're just not going to heal as quickly , " said Dr. Harold Koenig , director of the Center for Spirituality , Theology and Health at Duke University . ' I am joyous ' Reporters who 've interviewed Andy Copeland have remarked on how upbeat he sounds , considering that his daughter is in critical condition and doctors predict she wo n't be out of the intensive care unit for another three or four weeks . "  Her life is still on the line , " Copeland said . "  But I am joyous . " That 's different , he said , than being happy . He 's not happy about what his daughter has had to endure -- organ failure , an amputation of her left leg , right foot and both her hands -- but he said God 's love has filled him with joy and inner peace . "  I just feel confident she 's going to be fine . I ca n't really explain it . Maybe there 's something wrong with me . Maybe I need a psychologist to examine me , " he said . "  But I do n't think so . " Copeland , a financial adviser with Edward Jones who attends the First Baptist Church in Snellville , Georgia , said part of his faith means being positive and not dwelling on the past . He does not wonder what might have been if Aimee had n't gone on that zip line on the Tallapoosa River and cut her leg , allowing bacteria in the water to infect her bloodstream . "  Driving down the road looking through your rear view mirror is going to get you killed , " he said . "  You have to be calm and collected and live in the moment . " That kind of attitude -- with or without faith in a higher power -- will go a long way toward healing , experts say . "  Stewing and ruminating on doubts can consume what resources one does have on unproductive things , " said Doug Oman , an associate adjunct professor at the School of Public Health at the University of California , Berkeley , and an expert on health and spirituality . ` Do not be anxious about anything ' When things get tough -- such as this past Wednesday when Aimee was weakened from surgery -- Copeland sits in her hospital room , reading Bible verses online on his cell phone or laptop . "  I really need a pocket Bible , " he laughed . He has his go-to verses , such as Philippians 4:6 : "  Do not be anxious about anything , but in every situation , by prayer and petition , with thanksgiving , present your requests to God . " One of Aimee 's favorite Bible verses is from 1 Corinthians . "  Love is patient , love is kind , " it reads . "  It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . " The Copelands hope Aimee 's strength inspires others . Before her accident , she hoped to get a masters degree in psychology and do wilderness therapy to help people with physical and mental problems . "  As a wilderness therapist she could impact maybe a thousand people , " her father said . "  Now she can help millions . " CNN 's William Hudson contributed to this report .	Parents of Aimee Copeland have coped with uncertainties of daughter 's illness They believe prayer has had benefits in Aimee 's recovery Father said the most important thing is to look forward , rather than back
CNN  -- Does the idea of spending time in the Magic Kingdom with the Mickey Mouse gang leave you thinking "  Oh , rats ! " ? Does the idea of spending time with the hot people of Miami 's trendy South Beach leave you cold ? Well , do n't give up on Florida just yet . There 's still a Sunshine State for folks like us -- it 's "  Old Florida . "  And I 'm not talking retirement communities here  . Sometimes thought of as "  Forgotten Florida , " I 'm talking about the more northerly portions of the state . It 's the part that thrived a century ago during the first waves of development but has been bypassed by most tourists in recent decades for Orlando and points south . This is the Florida where the Deep South intermingles with the tropics . Here , oaks draped with Spanish moss stand guard over saw palmetto and vivid flowers . They all thrive by crystal-clear rivers and springs . Its towns are smaller , quiet and friendly . Many of its attractions emphasize the natural environment . It 's a place for hiking , biking , kayaking , snorkeling , tubing and fishing . And you can enjoy it all without devastating your wallet and facing large or pretentious crowds . I made two visits down there this summer and fall . Here are nine spots worthy of a visit : 1 . Cedar Key Welcome to Mayberry by the Sea . This Gulf Coast fishing village , about 50 miles southwest of Gainesville , is gloriously isolated and seemingly of another era . There are no chain restaurants , hotels or grocery stores here  or none that I ran across  . What you will find here : An unassuming town of modest and funky tin-roofed homes , a few '50s - style motels and quaint shops . Lots of folks get around via golf carts and bicycles , which they do n't seem to ever lock up . Art is a big part of the town , with all manner of public displays popping up . Charter boats at the marina offer fishing excursions and exploration rides , including sunset cruises . With such a relaxed atmosphere , Cedar Key has a bit of a Key West vibe -- minus the all-night party atmosphere . This is a town that goes mostly silent by 10 p.m. Cedar Key 's culinary fame is clam chowder . The Big Deck had such good chowder I went back for a second night . If you seek a traditional , white-sand beach with aqua Gulf of Mexico waters right at your doorstep , you need to go elsewhere . But if you want to escape to another time where simple pleasures rule , Cedar Key is the place . 2 . Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park One word : Manatees . They got 'em , and you can see these gentle giants feeding on heads of lettuce from an underwater observation deck . This is a wonderful state park dedicated to native flora and fauna  minus one hippo that is a holdover from another incarnation of the park  . The birds in particular are spectacular , but you can also see bears , bobcats and gators -- oh my ! Do not skip the 15-minute-or-so boat ride from the parking area to the animal displays , where they take you down a narrow , blackwater creek . You feel like you 're in a jungle . And you kind of are . At $ 13 for one adult , the admission is more than is typical for Florida state parks , but it 's worth it . 3 . Alexander Springs , Ocala National Forest This is no ordinary swimming hole , unless you 've been dipping in a pool of chilly gin before . The water is that clear and that cool . Honestly . Alexander Springs is one of several in Ocala National Forest , a true gem of a wilderness that will evoke memories of "  The Yearling " if you ever read that Pulitzer-winning novel . If you get tired of swimming in the brisk , limpid waters , you can explore the lush surrounding forest on a boardwalk and trail . Be sure to arrive early if you come on a hot summer weekend . There 's limited parking . 4 . Stephen Foster Folk Culture Center State Park Way down upon the Suwannee River , far , far away from Florida 's more crowded tourist sites , lies a pretty little state park not so far from Georgia and an easy jump off Interstate 75 . Honoring American composer Stephen Foster , this park is perched by the famed river that looks like moving black glass contained by tall , white-sand banks . You ca n't swim here  gators  , but you can hike alongside the intriguing , mysterious waterway or go canoeing . You can also enjoy Foster exhibits , including old pianos and desks he used . Check the park 's calendar -- they have various programs throughout the year . No need to bring your iPod ; the park 's 97-bell carillon housed in an impressively tall brick tower provides the musical backdrop . The nearby town of White Springs has some pretty old homes , too . 5 . Apalachicola and Eastpoint If you love oysters , you probably have heard about this place . If you do n't love oysters , you should still check it out . Apalachicola oozes "  Old Florida " charm . Set alongside a namesake bay and river , this town has one foot in the workday world of harvesting the Gulf 's riches and the other foot in artsy boutiques and the like . Somehow , they combine nicely . Up the Creek Raw Bar provides a fantastic view to enjoy a dozen oysters and a beer . Be sure to venture out from the little business district . Apalachicola has some lovely , meticulously maintained homes over which you 'll drool . I stayed across the bay in nearby Eastpoint , which is even smaller , more blue collar and boutique-free . The Sportsman 's Lodge offers a great price . The rooms are dated and a bit stuffy , but the grounds , overflowing with foliage and overrun with peacocks , more than make up for it . And it is perfectly poised to take in awe-inspiring , multicolored sunsets . Bring plenty o ' mosquito repellent lest that sunset be your last . 6 . St. George Island State Park It 's often cited in Top 10 Florida beach lists , and with good reason . This stretch of the Gulf of Mexico is stunning , and this park is poised to take full advantage . Dune restoration and preservation are emphasized , and the park is a short drive from Eastpoint and Apalachicola . If you 're not a fan of crowds , this is the place to be . This is a big place with miles and miles of beach unadulterated by condos , high-rises and general seashore tackiness . Camping sites are available for folks who like to do that . 7 . St. Joseph Peninsula State Park In the same general area as St. George , you ca n't go wrong with this park , either . If anything , I liked it a little more . There did n't seem to be as much beach and parking for visitors , but the green and blue waters and soft sands were just as inviting . What really sold me on St. Joseph were the bayside trails ; they were nothing less than outstanding . I heard a symphony of birds and insects on my hike , and every turn of the trail revealed another splendid mix of green pines , brown marsh grasses , white sand , dark blue water and pale blue sky . This little slice of paradise costs gas money to drive there and 4 bucks for a single adult . A carload of folks gets in for $ 2 more . 8 . Wakulla Springs State Park Florida is truly blessed with freshwater springs , and Wakulla is another standout . Not too far from Tallahassee , it 's hard to find , but worth the trouble . The park has trails for hiking , but the big attractions are the swimming area and the one-hour riverboat rides , which are well worth the $ 8 for an adult . You get up close and personal with all manner of exotic birds , big fat alligators  and I do mean big and fat  and , if you 're lucky , a few manatees . We were striking it so rich with wildlife on our ride that our generous flat-boat captain let us stay out an extra 15 minutes . I had the cool swimming area to myself on a weekday in October , but I imagine it 's filled up with splashy , happy children in northern Florida 's hot summer weekends . 9 . Amelia Island and Fernandina Beach I 'm an Atlantic Ocean kind of fellow , so I had to end with a nod to the salty waters I know best . You ca n't go any higher up and still be in Florida . Amelia Island and Fernandina definitely have a Georgia/Carolinas kind of feel -- in a good way . The beach here is an Atlantic classic : wide and inviting . The gray water was still plenty warm for swimming in October . If you like riding waves , you get more action than typical on Gulf beaches . Downtown Fernandina is definitely the most upscale of the places on this list , but it still had a down-to-earth charm . If you enjoy gawking at homes as much as I do , you 'll be in heaven here . 6th Street in particular seemed to be replete with Southern classics . For my last meal in "  Old Florida , " I skipped the seafood and ate at The Happy Tomato . Go for the fun name . Stay for the cozy courtyard and the pimento cheese sandwich . Have you been to these places ? What other parts of "  Old Florida " have you explored and would recommend ? Please share your memories and suggestions in the comments below .	Cedar Key , on the Gulf , is a classic fishing village that feels like something from another era Crystal-clear springs are an "  Old Florida " treasure -- try Alexander or Wakulla Apalachicola is great for oysters and architecture ; state parks preserve pretty beaches Fernandina , an historic town near Georgia , is a gem on the Atlantic side
CNN  -- His fans are literally throwing money at him . The Chinese artist , activist and Internet sensation Ai Weiwei has collected hundreds of thousands of dollars from fans who want to help him pay back taxes of $ 2.3 million . Many are simply throwing the money into his Beijing compound . "  His supporters have folded 100 yuan notes -- the equivalent of $ 15.75 -- into paper airplanes that glided into the compound . Others wrapped the money around pieces of fruit and hurled it over the wall , " the LA Times wrote on its World Now blog . "  Or more traditionally Chinese , they stuffed it into red envelopes . " Ai Weiwei pays $ 1.3 M tax bond over jail fears If you 're not one of his 110,000 Twitter followers , you may never have heard of Ai . But the architect who designed the Bird 's Nest stadium for the Beijing Olympics in 2008 has become one of China 's most noted political dissidents and online activists . At the recent PopTech conference in Maine , CNN sat down with Alison Klayman , who spent several years following Ai for an upcoming documentary called "  Ai Weiwei : Never Sorry , " to learn more about his fame in China and his mastery of the Internet . "  The truth is I do n't believe it 's his art -- in terms of what 's shown in a museum -- that may have put him in the position that he 's in , " Klayman said , referring to Ai 's three-month detention , which ended in June , and the fact that he 's been targeted by Chinese authorities as a dissident . "  It 's really about how his life is his art . It 's about his activities , how he gives interviews very freely . He does not self-censor what he thinks , " she said . "  It 's also the organizing he 's done online . Part of his art includes underground documentaries that he films with collaborators and posts online for free . They have to do with the questions and conversation that he curates online -- first on his blog , until it was shut down , and now on Twitter . " Ai was able to use the Internet , to a degree , to circumvent authorities , she said . "  In a society where all official media is subject to censorship -- from micro-blogs up to party papers -- that 's also an incredibly subversive thing to be able to connect to people , " Klayman said . "  And the truth is censorship can not be an all-knowing eye , and people are having very interesting conversations even within the firewall -- and on Twitter , which is blocked in China , so people have to use technology to go outside the firewall . " Ai came late to technology but adopted it with gusto , she said . "  Ai Weiwei never used a computer -- never really knew how to type -- before 2005 , " she said . "  And in 2005 he was invited by Sina.com , which is a big Internet company in China , to have a celebrity blog . He was a well-known architect and artist , and he decided to take that on . His father was also a poet , so he was also interested in seeing how his writing chops or his literary chops were . And he immediately was drawn to the medium . He 's always been looking for ways to communicate -- and suddenly he saw the Internet . " Last year , Klayman asked Ai about the biggest paradigm shift in his life . "  His answer to me was the Internet . ` The Internet is what affected me and has opened up so many doors and has ignited me . ' " she said . "  Now , as I 'm completing the documentary ... I really understand what that means . "	Ai Weiwei is an artist and Internet activist in China CNN talks with the maker of the upcoming documentary "  Ai Weiwei : Never Sorry " Filmmaker : Ai did n't type or use computers until 2005 He has managed to become a social media sensation
CNN  -- Former mortgage broker Alberto Gonzalez is doing well in this economy -- so well that just six months after opening his first restaurant in Chicago , Illinois , he is doing the unthinkable : expanding . Alberto Gonzales is expanding after opening a cafe just six months ago . His second restaurant is scheduled to open in May . "  I 'm nervous , very nervous . But then again it 's all about risk , " said Gonzales , owner of 90 Miles Cuban Café . "  It kind of fell in my lap . The location became available . A friend of mine brought it up and due to the success we had we thought it would be a good time to take advantage of everything that is going on , " said Gonzales . But with a slew of small businesses closing each day , Alberto said luck is n't a factor in his success . "  I feel fortunate that I had a vision . I did n't hold back from doing it , I risked it all . It 's kind of like going to Vegas and putting everything on red and I kind of did that based on my research and so far it 's shown that my research has paid off . " Some of his friends think he 's crazy for risking it all in a downturn economy . "  Very crazy . It 's okay though , I felt the pressure . It just gives me that much more eagerness to succeed , " said Gonzales . He was was 11 when he left Cuba with his family . He helped his dad sell fish in Key West , Florida , to make a living . Almost 30 years later , after struggling in the mortgage business , Gonzales opened his own restaurant , using old family recipes . But in this economy , 90 Miles Cuban Café 's success is n't just helping Gonzales . It 's helping his suppliers too . By opening up a second location , he creates a positive ripple effect by spending more with his suppliers , such as Daily Meats . "  It gives more volume for us on the pork products he buys and the beef products he buys . Volume goes up which is good . It 's always good , " said Mario Jaile , Jr. of Daily Meat Supply . See photos of how Gonzales ' cafe has generated a positive ripple effect " And the ripple effect does n't stop there . The Turano Baking Company supplies bread to 90 Miles . "  Obviously our sales rep on the street was extremely excited because that is another new account but it was outstanding to hear . Nowadays especially , businesses have really cut back on the openings ; they are holding a little tighter to the vest and here is someone who has only been in the business six months and they are opening a second location . How awesome is that ? " said Turano 's Bill Carlson . Ernesto Reyes of Ez Tech Design , who does advertising for Gonzales , is also benefiting from Alberto 's success . "  Good news for me . I know some people are struggling . It 's good news for me in this economy , " said Reyes . But it 's even more good news for Alberto and his second Chicago location . "  I like to believe that we are an inspiration to all of those that it 's possible to happen in a downturn economy . "	Former mortgage broker opened a Cuban cafe in Chicago six months ago Owner Gonzales is doing so well , a second restaurant is set to open in May A positive ripple effect has been generated as a result Having Gonzales as a customer allows local meat and bread suppliers to thrive
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- There is a predictable pattern that ensues following any tragic news in Nigeria . There is at first a collective sense of shock and grief . There follows official visits to the scene of the tragedy . Families are condoled and money is doled out in compensation . A period of mourning is inevitably announced . In a country where nothing happens quickly , committees and investigative panels will then be set up with remarkable alacrity . Months will pass . And then nothing . The result is always the same . Rhetoric , followed by vacuous proclamations but ultimately , inaction . The banal sequence has already begun playing out with news of Sunday 's fatal air crash in Lagos which claimed over 150 lives . This time , however , Nigerians are demanding answers . Accidents do happen of course but the memories of January 's mass protests are fresh and there lingers a suspicion of government negligence . It is far too early to determine the outcome of the crash but early indications are that this was an entirely avoidable disaster . See also : Nigerians no longer ` suffering and smiling ' The investigation must begin with Dana Air , operators of the ill fated Boeing MD-83 . The irony is that the Indian-owned airline has quite a decent track record since they began operations in Nigeria four years ago . With a modest number of four aircraft in its fleet , the airline had grown at a reasonable pace and had just taken delivery of another Boeing MD-83 in May . A strong focus on domestic services and competitive fares had seen Dana Air become the airline of choice for many regular fliers . There were signs , however , in the last six months that standards had begun to slip . First came the irregular take-off times . Dana flights , once paragons of punctuality , started taking off late or sometimes not at all . The delays were quite often without reason . On 15 May this year , I waited with other passengers for over six hours to board as engineers addressed a mechanical problem on one of its planes . On a separate occasion , we were to board the last Dana Flight out of Lagos to Abuja . The flight was canceled and no explanation given . There was no offer of compensation either . Dana Air has also faced accusations of penny-pinching . Even before Sunday 's crash , there had been suggestions that Dana 's four aircraft were being overworked . See also : iReport images from Lagos On Sunday alone , the aircraft with registration number 5N-RAM was already on its fourth trip of the day and scheduled to make another one . In May , the same aircraft had to make two unscheduled air returns following reports of engine failure , according to a Dana Air station manager in Lagos . Whatever the outcome of the investigation , the omens are not good for Dana Air . No Nigerian airline has ever fully recovered from an air disaster . EAS Airlines , Bellview , SoSoLiso and ADC Air were all Nigerian airlines with decent sized fleets and considerable goodwill just ten years ago . Their names all became obsolete pretty quickly following a spate of crashes between 2002 and 2006 . The government has taken the step of withdrawing their operational license and ground Dana aircraft whilst an inquiry takes place . Even in the event of continued operations , there would have been a likely slump in passenger bookings which will harm the airline . The investigation must go beyond Dana and extend to the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority  NCAA  . The main regulator of the country 's airline industry will need to face some tough questions as well . Did they do enough to minimize the chance of such a crash ? The Dana Air was 22 years old , which is not exactly ancient in aviation terms but given that Nigerian law prohibits aircraft over the age of 20 from operating , who fell asleep at the switch ? Besides at that age , any aircraft would require maintenance checks to be as regular as they are vigorous . Separate eyewitness accounts of leaking hydraulics on the MD-83 do not suggest that this was the case . This time around the Nigerian public is in no mood for obfuscation or cover-ups . The last major air incident in Nigeria was in October 2006 when an ADC airlines flight crashed near Abuja and killed 96 on board . The outcome of the subsequent investigation was never revealed but now there is a growing demand that such information is shared with the public . Following that crash , the government grounded all commercial aircraft and revoked the licenses of many . Air worthiness became a paramount issue and as a result the slack operators were forced to tighten up . Those that could not shape up exited the scene . On that occasion it took over 500 deaths in five years to shake the government into action . If laxity has started to creep back into Nigeria 's aviation sector , one hopes that it will not take a similar rash of incidents to ensure that safety standards are being consistently met . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terfa Tilley-Gyado .	Gyado says there were signs that Dana Air standards had slipped in the last six months The airline faces accusations of penny-pinching and aircraft overuse Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority , the country 's airline industry regulator must be questioned too
CNN  -- Amid the back-and-forth about the cast of the new "  Star Wars " movie , one voice has cut through the fray : Luke Skywalker 's . That 's Mark Hamill , for some of you . The actor tweeted his support of the recently announced "  Star Wars : Episode VII " team on Thursday , calling his new and returning castmates a varied and impressive group . "  I was knocked out by the diverse & extraordinarily talented new cast members , " Hamill said of a UK table read . "  WOW they 're good ! The saga is in superb hands . " On Tuesday , Disney and Lucasfilm made an official announcement of who 's joined "  Star Wars : Episode VII , " revealing that original "  Star Wars " actors will appear in the film along with a number of newcomers . Along with Hamill , "  Star Wars " veterans Harrison Ford , Peter Mayhew , Anthony Daniels , Kenny Baker and Carrie Fisher are all reprising their former roles . They 'll be joined by "  Inside Llewyn Davis ' " Oscar Isaac , "  Attack the Block 's " John Boyega , "  Girls " actor Adam Driver and newcomer Daisy Ridley , among others . Character descriptions have n't been offered , but with Hamill 's endorsement , perhaps the Force can remain undisturbed . Although Fisher momentarily confused "  Episode VII " with "  Chapter VII , " she got it right long enough to give her own vote of confidence for the upcoming film . "  May the Episode 7 be with you always , " she tweeted to her fans April 30 . "  Star Wars : Episode VII , " which will be directed by J.J. Abrams , arrives December 18 , 2015 .	The "  Star Wars : Episode VII " cast has a stamp of approval from Mark Hamill The original Luke Skywalker tweeted that the cast is "  extraordinarily talented " Hamill is one of the many "  Episode VII " actors was recently announced "  Star Wars : Episode VII " opens December 18 , 2015
CNN  -- The California Assembly on Thursday passed a bill appropriating $ 20 million to kidnapping victim Jaycee Dugard to settle her claims against the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , according to the chief clerk 's office . The bill passed on a 30-1 vote in the Senate and a 62-0 vote in the Assembly , according to CNN affiliate KCRA . Corrections officials entered into the settlement with Dugard , the station said . Dugard vanished in 1991 at the age of 11 . She was found in August 2009 , living in a shed in the Antioch , California , backyard of Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender who had been on parole since January 1988 . Investigators say Garrido fathered two children with Dugard during her captivity . He and his wife , Nancy , are charged with 29 felony counts in the case . Both have pleaded not guilty . In a report issued in November , the state inspector general 's office found the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation failed to properly keep tabs on Garrido or properly supervise the officers assigned to his case . "  While it is true that Garrido 's California parole was never officially violated , our review shows that Garrido committed numerous parole violations and that the department failed to properly supervise Garrido and missed numerous opportunities to discover his victims , " the report said . Parole officers failed to investigate utility wires running from Garrido 's house toward the shed where Dugard was held , to check out the presence of a 12-year-old girl during a visit or to act on information the report said "  clearly " showed Garrido had violated the terms of his release , the report said . Dugard , who is now 30 , her mother and her daughters had filed a claim saying state corrections officials failed to do their jobs , seeking psychological , physical and emotional damages , KCRA said . The settlement process was "  pretty much unprecedented , " said Jeff Long , spokesman for Assemblyman Felipe Fuentes , who sponsored the bill . The language was inserted into a bill concerning claims against the state . Fuentes is chairman of the Assembly 's Appropriations Committee , Long said . Every year as part of the budget process , the chair submits two bills for judgments against the state , Long said . It was decided that this would be the quickest way to get it through the Assembly , he said . Officials thought the state might have a case if it fought Dugard 's claim , but it was n't worth the case going to a jury , Long said . Because the constitutional deadline for an approved state budget has passed and California is in a new fiscal year without a budget , no appropriations can be made without Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's consent . Schwarzenegger has to request the bill be moved to his desk to sign it , Long said . Garrido was paroled in August 1988 after serving 11 years of a federal kidnapping sentence . He also served a five-year term in Nevada for rape charges . The November report from California Inspector-General David Shaw was limited to reviewing the actions of state parole officers in charge of monitoring Garrido from June 1999 until Dugard and her children were discovered . But Garrido was under the supervision of federal parole officers when authorities say he kidnapped Dugard in 1991 , and they also "  failed to detect Garrido 's criminal conduct and his victims , " the report says . Garrido was only "  properly supervised " for 12 out of the 123 months he was under California 's supervision , "  a failure rate of about 90 percent , " Shaw told reporters in November . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Rachel Brown contributed to this report .	Jaycee Dugard missing 18 years before she was found in sex offender 's backyard Settlement process "  unprecedented , " says lawmaker 's spokesman Bill requires approval of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger
CNN  -- Michelle was prepared for chemotherapy . She was prepared to lose her hair and deal with extreme nausea and be hospitalized for months at a time . She was even prepared to die -- knowing , with her aggressive form of leukemia , that death was a very real possibility . But when death did n't come , Michelle was officially labeled a cancer survivor . And she was n't at all prepared for what came next . Treatment forced the mother of two through menopause , leaving her hormones reeling . Stress and self-doubt created problems with her husband of 24 years . She also suffered from vaginal stenosis , a narrowing of the vaginal passage so severe that intercourse was impossible . As her primary care physician explained , she was basically a BAV : born again virgin . "  I was 49 when I was diagnosed , 50 when I received my  bone marrow  transplant , " said Michelle , who asked not to be identified by her full name due to the personal details she 's revealing . "  I was n't ready to give up on a very important part of my well-being -- that being my sexuality . " There are 13.7 million cancer survivors living in the United States ; the American Cancer Society estimates there will be 18 million by 2022 . Survivors face many long-term effects of treatment , from secondary cancers to cardiovascular problems to cognitive defects . But the debilitating effects on a patient 's sexuality are often ignored , said Sharon Bober , director of the sexual health program at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston . Bober 's program is one of a handful of sexuality-focused survivorship programs that have popped up at cancer centers around the country . Bober was inspired to start the program when she realized many of her patients -- adult survivors of pediatric cancers -- were struggling with sexual issues and had no idea where to go for help . Radiation , chemotherapy , hormone therapy and surgery all have the capacity to affect sexual function significantly , Bober said . In one study , young breast cancer survivors reported skin sensitivity , vaginal dryness , genital pain , premature menopause , fertility issues and extreme fatigue . Their scores on a sexual health test were also lower than the general population 's , indicating problems with sexual desire , arousal , attaining orgasm and relationship satisfaction . These symptoms are common for cancer patients , Bober said . Men face many of the same issues in addition to erectile dysfunction . The side effects do n't stop when treatment stops . Bober and her colleagues recently completed a study of 200 young adult cancer survivors ; a significant number of them talked about long-term sexual problems years after their therapies were complete . Imagine dealing with all the normal teenage development changes on top of dealing with cancer . Many pediatric cancer survivors feel uncomfortable even dating , Bober said . Adult cancer survivors can also be apprehensive about the bedroom : Hormonal changes from chemotherapy and radiation often lower a patient 's sex drive . And many face self-confidence issues post-treatment . Right next to the wigs and prosthetics in Dana-Farber 's patient store are vibrators and lubricants , which Bober said helps normalize the "  personal products " she advocates using . Bober works with a team of doctors to provide whatever services her patients need , whether it 's couples therapy or education on vaginal health after early menopause . Bober 's program helped Michelle understand what had happened to her sexuality -- both physically and mentally . "  She not only provided us with the emotional tools to overcome the changes we experienced , she also encouraged me to use ` tools ' to help my body get its groove back , " Michelle said . "  I will often joke that I never expected vibrators to be prescribed . But they were absolutely necessary . " Behind closed doors Most of Bober 's patients are simply grateful to learn that there 's nothing wrong with them or their relationships . Although studies have shown sexuality plays an important role in happiness and quality of life , it 's not something doctors discuss often , Bober said . "  We live in a culture that does not support or facilitate honest and frank conversations about sex anyway , " she said . "  Lots of people assume that because no one says anything about it , this is just the price that they have to pay . " No one knows about America 's behind-closed-doors policy on sex better than Patty Brisben , co-author of "  Sexy Ever After : Intimacy Post-Cancer , " and founder of Pure Romance , the world 's largest in-home party company specializing in bedroom accessories . As an advocate for sexual health awareness , Brisben often does group presentations . Usually she conducts a 20-minute question-and-answer session at the end of her talk . Several years ago , a group of young cancer survivors held her captive with questions for more than two hours . "  Women that are 19 and 20 years old , who never had that first sexual experience -- doctors telling them  to buy  bedroom toys to stimulate so atrophy would n't set in , " Brisben remembers . They asked , "  Patty , what does that mean ? " That was the start of Pure Romance 's Sensuality , Sexuality , Survival program . Consultants from the company meet with cancer survivors to talk about combating dryness with lubricants and using other toys to enhance sexual pleasure . "  It has a lot to do with education , " Brisben said . "  It 's so important to provide a safe platform where women can ask questions . " Brisben teaches her employees not to sugarcoat anything . It 's a long journey , she said , and each cancer survivor needs to learn to stand up for herself ; sexuality ca n't be a dirty word . "  You truly have to be your own disciple , " she said . "  Women will demand when it comes to our children or our significant others , but we do n't demand for our bodies . " A return to intimacy Michelle 's husband was a "  trouper " through her cancer treatment , she said , but the couple had difficulty reconnecting in the bedroom . With her symptoms , her husband had trouble keeping an erection out of fear of hurting her . She remembers thinking , "  He must be so traumatized . ... He only sees me now as a frail being and not as the woman I used to be . " Cancer can test any relationship , said CNN 's sex expert Ian Kerner . It 's not uncommon for cancer patients to become depressed and question their life path , he said , which a partner can find hard to relate to . "  Ultimately , of course , when you 're in the midst of a battle of cancer , you really are focused on survival , " he said . "  But as you resume your life , you want to resume all aspects of your life . And sexuality becomes a key factor . " Kerner recommends couples start slow : Act like two people in love again , instead of patient and caregiver , by going out on date nights and cuddling in front of the fire . Make your sexuality an ongoing conversation , he said . Your newfound intimacy might not necessarily be sex in the way it once was -- you have to find a new version of sex that works for you . "  Recovering from cancer , you 're often not talking about weeks or months , " Kerner said . "  You 're talking about years . " Michelle has been in remission since March 2009 . She 's adjusting to life as a survivor , volunteering at Dana-Farber to help others who are dealing with similar emotional scars . "  I 'm striving to get back on track with normalcy , " she said , "  in every facet of my life . "	There are 13.7 million cancer survivors living in the United States Survivors face many debilitating long-term effects , including on their sexuality Radiation , chemotherapy , hormone therapy and surgery can affect sexual function Survivors also experience emotional issues such as low self-confidence , depression
New York  CNN  -- Film critic Roger Ebert and the founder of the website Chatroulette.com were among the honorees on Monday night at the 14th annual Webby Awards in downtown Manhattan . Ebert , who lost his ability to speak after a bout with cancer , was given the Person of the Year award for blogging and using social media tools to get his writing voice back . "  Twitter and the internet have allowed Roger to continue the work we came to know and love him for , " said Jimmy Fallon , who presented Ebert 's award . "  I ca n't remember the last time I went to see a movie without seeing what Roger Ebert thought of it first . " Chatroulette 's founder , 17-year-old Andrey Ternovskiy , was given the "  Breakout of the Year " award . Ternovskiy 's website , which lets people chat face-to-face with strangers , has been praised by some for breaking down social and national cliques online . Others have called it a den for pornography . David-Michel Davies , executive director of the Webby Awards , said Chatroulette 's story shows the equalizing power of the Web . "  I think it 's incredible that this far into the Web , something can be created by a 17-year old kid in Russia and literally all of the major global media is talking about it three days later , " he said . "  It really shows the kind of impact you can have on the internet . " Some of those who received Webby Awards expressed optimism about the future of the internet . "  You ai n't seen nothing yet , " Vinton Cerf , the man known as the "  godfather of the internet " told a raucous crowd . Cerf , a co-inventor of the internet who is credited with writing the Web 's original code , received a Lifetime Achievement Webby Award . "  The Webbies represent a kind of recognition that creativity is n't dead yet , " Cerf said . In protest of the drawn-out acceptance speeches that are common at traditional award shows , Webby winners were told to keep their acceptance speeches short -- to a mere five words . "  Did n't kill the radio star , " a Pandora Radio representative joked . Pandora , a website that streams music for free , took home the Best Music Webby . Some honorees used their five words to make political statements . "  I say plug the hole , " actress Isabella Rosselini said , referring to the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . Rosselini was given the Best Individual Performance award for her online series , Green Porno , about the reproductive habits of marine animals . "  Goldman Sachs shorted my speech , " said Arianna Huffington , whose Huffington Post won the People 's Voice Award for Best Political Blog . Though the event lauded the internet 's ever-evolving ability to facilitate communication and openness , some spoke of the challenges that remain , particularly for traditional media outlets . "  It 's all going to be about who you trust , what information do you value , " Huffington said . Amy Poehler won Best Actress for her Web series , Smart Girls at the Party . Buzz Aldrin won the award Best Government Website . Big winners in the social networking arena included Twitter , Foursquare and Mashable . FailBlog CEO Ben Huh attributes the success of his website , which features people 's failures and comical mishaps , to the 2008 stock market plunge . "  That 's when celebrating failure really exploded because when things are bad , when you 're down , what 's better than to laugh at someone else 's misery , " Huh said . The gala , hosted by the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences , recognized more than 100 winners in the four areas of websites , Interactive advertising and media , online film and video and mobile .	The Webby Awards honor internet sensations The 14th annual awards ceremony was held Monday in New York Roger Ebert received the Person of the Year award for his blog Chatroulette.com 's founder got the Breakout of the Year award
CNN  -- In two weeks , economic policymakers from around the world will gather in Washington , D.C. , for the World Bank-IMF Spring Meetings . As has been the case for the past five years , there will be much talk of economic crisis and of strategies to restore confidence , kick start growth , and create jobs . There is growing evidence that we are on the right track , but this agenda still requires much more work . The meetings , though , also offer an occasion to look beyond the short term crisis-fighting measures . It is a chance for leaders to adopt a long-term perspective and assess where we stand and where we are headed . If they do , they will see that today we are at a moment of historic opportunity . For the end of absolute poverty , a dream which has enticed and driven humanity for centuries , is now within our grasp . READ MORE : Bono on how to fight poverty In recent decades the world has made impressive progress in the fight against poverty , a fact too often lost in the headlines of immediate crisis conditions . On the strength of robust private sector growth underpinned by improved economic governance , today extreme poverty is in retreat across the developing world . In 1990 , 43 % of the developing world lived on less than $ 1.25 a day . The World Bank estimates that by 2010 this figure had dropped to 21 % . The first Millennium Development Goal , to halve extreme poverty , was achieved five years ahead of time . As we look forward , while we of course can not take high growth for granted , the conditions are in place for this strong performance to continue . Indeed , the successes of past decades and an increasingly favorable economic outlook combine to give developing countries a chance -- for the first time ever -- to end extreme poverty within a generation . Our collective duty now must be to ensure that these favorable circumstances are matched with deliberate decisions to realize this remarkable opportunity . READ MORE : Is Africa much richer than we think ? No one knows The world can end extreme poverty by 2030 . This feasible but ambitious goal should bring unity , urgency , and energy to our collective efforts in the fight against poverty . Meeting this deadline will require strong , stable growth across the developing world , especially in Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia . It will require policies to enhance inclusiveness and prevent increases in inequality , and ensure that growth translates into poverty reduction , most importantly through creating jobs . It will require transformational changes in fragile states , which are home to an increasing share of the world 's poor . And it will require that potential shocks , such as climatic disasters or new fuel , food , or financial crises , are averted or mitigated . It will not be easy , and will demand concerted global action from governments , donors , civil society , and the private sector . But is there anyone , anywhere , who doubts that the reward will be worth it ? READ MORE : Study shows speed of global warming Of course progress toward ending poverty will need to be sustained over time and for all future generations . We must promote shared prosperity , helping vulnerable people so that they will not fall back into poverty . And , crucially unless the world takes bold action now , a disastrously warming planet threatens to reverse past advances . Climate change is not just an environmental challenge : It is a fundamental threat to economic development and the fight against poverty . At the World Bank Group we have no pretence that we will be the key actor in ending poverty . Progress toward this goal , as it always has , will continue to depend primarily on the actions of developing countries . But we will be there to help . We will work with our partners to share knowledge on solutions to end poverty . We will closely monitor and observe progress toward this goal , reporting annually on what has been achieved and where gaps remain . And we will use our convening and advocacy power to continually remind policymakers and the international community what is at stake . By acting today , there is an opportunity to create a world for our children which is defined not by stark inequities but by soaring opportunities . We can and must achieve a world free of poverty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Yong Kim .	Economic policymakers are preparing to gather in Washington , D.C. , for the World Bank-IMF Spring Meetings President of the World Bank argues strategies to kick start growth are on the right track , but need more work Jim Yong Kim says the world is at a moment of historic opportunity to end global absolute poverty He says this goal is ambitious but can be achieved by 2030 , if there is strong and stable growth across the world
London , England -- Federal investigators are en route from Pakistan to England to probe a betting scandal related to Pakistan 's national cricket team , Interior Minister Rehman Malik told CNN . The Federal Investigation Agency officers are due to arrive in London on Tuesday , two days after alllegations surfaced that gamblers fixed part of a Pakistani match against England last week . None of the players or team officials have been arrested , but four were questioned by police , Pakistani national team manager Yawar Saeed said Sunday . Another man was arrested Saturday and released on bail Sunday . The news has stunned Pakistan , where cricket is "  not just a passion , it 's a religion , " said the op-ed editor of a leading newspaper in Lahore , Pakistan . "  This is tantamount to treason for a cricketing nation like Pakistan , " said the journalist , Mehmal Sarfraz , saying : "  People here are devastated " by the allegations . "  We may have our differences otherwise in day-to-day life , but cricket brings us together regardless of caste , creed , religion , or class structure , " she explained . "  If the allegations are proved , the players should be banned from playing this ` gentleman 's game ' for life . " A British tabloid newspaper reported Sunday that two Pakistani players deliberately bowled "  no balls " -- a foul -- during the four-day series . A "  no ball " is when the bowler -- the equivalent of a pitcher in baseball -- steps over the line as he unleashes the ball . The batting team gets a run when that happens . The British tabloid News of the World posted what it said was a video of an undercover reporter meeting with a man identified as Mazhar Majeed , who tells the reporter exactly which bowlers would bowl "  no balls " and when , then lays out 14 thick stacks of bills on a table . The video of the meeting -- which the newspaper said took place Wednesday , the day before the match between Pakistan and England began -- is intercut with clips from the following two days , where the players perform as Majeed said they would . The tabloid also says the alleged ringleader pocketed 150,000 British pounds  U.S. $ 232,800  in the scam . London 's Metropolitan Police said a 35-year-old man was arrested late Saturday on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud bookmakers and released on bail Sunday . Police said no date had been set for a hearing or further proceedings , but that the investigation was continuing . A source familiar with the investigation named the man who was arrrested as Mazhar Majeed . Can Cricket survive in Pakistan ? Police questioned Pakistani team manager Saeed , captain Salman Butt , and two other players , Saeed told reporters Sunday . He did not name the other two players at the news conference , but Britain 's Press Association earlier reported that he had said they were bowlers Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asaf . Police refused to confirm to CNN who was being questioned . The Pakistani players at the center of the scandal are free to leave the country , London 's Metropolitan Police said Monday . Team captain Butt said Pakistan gave 100 percent throughout the match . "  We have given our best , " Butt said after his team lost to England . The team manager refused to comment on the report that Pakistani players intentionally committed three fouls during the match . "  No allegations are true until they are proved either way , " said Saeed . "  So that this point in time they are just allegations . Let 's wait until the case is complete . " England beat Pakistan in the four-day match at Lord 's cricket ground , which ended Sunday afternoon , after the scandal broke . Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari ordered an investigation into the scandal , his spokesman said Sunday . He directed the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board to submit a preliminary report "  immediately , " Farhatullah Babar said , adding that Zardari asked to be kept informed about any British investigations as well . Sam Peters , News of the World 's cricket correspondent , told CNN that the tabloid did not "  drive these events ... These events were going to happen regardless of whether the News of the World was involved . " But , he said , staffers believed the story was in the public interest . "  It 's a legitimate story to get to the bottom of something that 's been plaguing our sport , " he said . " ... It 's swirled around , and the innuendo 's been there . " However , Shakil Shaikh , president of the Islamabad Regional Cricket Association , told CNN that while he is "  shocked " at the news , "  no proof has been given of the involvement of these players in the match-fixing issue " and he has seen no concrete evidence against the cricketers . He said if evidence does surface , an investigation will be launched . It is the second allegation of corruption directed at the Pakistan cricket team this year . News of the World does not allege that gamblers fixed the results of the England match -- only that specific moments in the match were fixed , a practice known as "  spot-fixing " rather than "  match-fixing . " Betting on cricket matches is legal in England . The News of the World report was co-authored by Mazher Mahmood , a controversial figure in British journalism who has used undercover video in the past . He was responsible for a report in May that revealed Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson offered to sell access to her former husband , Prince Andrew . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Phil Black , Caroline Paterson , Bharati Naik , Samson Desta , Les Neuhaus and Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani investigators are due in England Tuesday British police are investigating reports gamblers fixed parts of a Pakistan-England cricket match A British tabloid newspaper paid $ 233,000 to a man who said he had advance information Pakistani players performed as the alleged fixer said they would
CNN  -- The young upstart upstaged the returning legend as Sebastian Vettel claimed pole position for the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix while returning Michael Schumacher was back in seventh on the grid for Sunday 's race . Red Bull 's Vettel finished last season by winning the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix and claiming second in the championship behind Jenson Button and started this year in the same emphatic style . His best lap of one minute 54.101 seconds was a tenth of a second faster than Felipe Massa in his Ferrari , who was returning to action after his horrific crash at the Hungarian Grand Prix last July . Massa 's new teammate and two-time former world champion Fernando Alonso was third fastest in a good start to the season for Ferrari . 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton was fourth best ahead of Schumacher 's Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg . Mark Webber in the second Red Bull edged out seven-time world champion Schumacher with Button eighth on the grid . But it was Vettel who dominated for his sixth career pole and his pace was demonstrated by the gap to fourth-placed Hamilton of more than a second and 1.4 seconds better than his 41-year-old German compatriot Schumacher . "  For me it is a big surprise and it is clear there are four teams out in front with close performances . So it is thanks to the long night of work the boys did that we have the speed and pole position , " Vettel said at his post-qualifying press conference . Schumacher admitted that he had found his return difficult : "  I did n't really find it easy to find the peak performance and speed of the car in the time available . But I am happy because we are working well as a team . It is a long race and the season is even longer . " While the top teams prospered , the three new lineups , Virgin , Lotus and Hispania , struggled and will occupy the last six places on the 24-car grid for Sunday 's 49-lap race at the Sakhir circuit .	Sebastian Vettel claims pole position for Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix Vettel won the final race of last season in Abu Dhabi for Red Bull Returning legend Michael Schumacher has to settle for seventh in his Mercedes Ferraris of Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso second and third on grid
CNN  -- What will we see in 2013 ? One thing for sure : The year will begin with Chief Justice John Roberts and President Obama getting two chances to recite the oath correctly . After that , here are my guesses . 1 . Same-sex marriage and the Supreme Court . There are two cases , and there are a Rubik 's Cube-worth of possibilities for their outcomes . On one extreme , the court could say that the federal government  in the Defense of Marriage Act  and the states can ban or allow same-sex marriage as they prefer . On the other end , the Court could rule that gay people have a constitutional right to marry in any state in the union .  Or somewhere in between . 2 . The future of affirmative action . In a case pending before the Supreme Court , the Court could outlaw all affirmative action in admissions at public universities , with major implications for all racial preferences in all school or non-school settings . 3 . Gun control returns to the agenda . The Congress  and probably some states  will wrestle with the question of gun control , an issue that had largely fallen off the national agenda before the massacre in Newtown . Expect many invocations  some accurate , some not  of the Second Amendment . 4 . The continued decline of the death penalty . Death sentences and executions continue to decline , and this trend will continue . Fear of mistaken executions  largely caused by DNA exonerations  and the huge cost of the death penalty process will both accelerate the shift . 5 . Celebrity sex scandal . There will be one . There will be outrage , shock and amusement .  Celebrity to be identified later . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Toobin .	Jeffrey Toobin : 2013 will see pivotal decisions in several key areas of law He says Supreme Court could decide fate of same-sex marriage Affirmative action for public college admissions is also on Court 's agenda Toobin : Newtown massacre put gun control debate back in the forefront
CNN  Even in celebrity-obsessed D.C. , too much attention can be a bad thing . So as Congress got back to work last week , two freshman stars -- Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst and Utah Rep. Mia Love -- were trying to figure out how to navigate the spotlight , and in some cases , duck it . Ernst , a conservative favorite , is the first woman to represent the Hawkeye State in the Senate while Love is the House 's first black female Republican . Ernst , a political unknown who rose to fame in 2014 with an ad promising she could cut pork in Washington because of her experience castrating hogs on her family farm , has signaled her media strategy by declining interviews since her election from anyone other than Iowa outlets . "  What we really want to do is focus on Iowa , " she told the Des Moines Register . Over the holidays , Love had told a local Utah public radio outlet that she would try to avoid national media attention and focus on representing her district . But she has been a visible presence on the national stage since her win in November and during her first week in Washington . She agreed to a feature in People magazine with her family at their Saratoga Springs home . She made her first appearance on a Sunday show last week and spoke to Fox on Thursday night about her vote on legislation related to Obamacare . On Friday morning , she joined other House members on the floor to read aloud from the Constitution . "  One of the best pieces of advice that Ted Kennedy used to give incoming senators was to be a workhorse , not a show horse , " said Stephanie Cutter , a former senior adviser to Kennedy and Obama . Incoming members , "  regardless of their celebrity have to demonstrate that they are willing to roll up their sleeves , reach across party lines and get things done . If you do that successfully , then you are setting yourself up for whatever you want to do next . " As these two women navigate their way through the power corridors of Washington , they do not have to look far to see the damage that can be inflicted by overexposure . After her meteoric rise in 2008 , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's once promising career plummeted to the realm of reality television . The polarizing antics of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz have drawn the animus of his colleagues and are likely to limit his presidential ambitions . In a recent op-ed for the Boston Globe , former New Hampshire Sen. John E. Sununu , a Republican , said that when it came to working with Cruz "  the collective membership of the world 's greatest deliberative body would rather stick needles in their eyes . " So far , Ernst and Love have pledged bipartisanship and careful attention to constituents of all political stripes . At one of her receptions on Capitol Hill this week , Ernst spoke about her plans to hold town halls in all 99 counties of Iowa this year -- following the tradition of senior Sen. Chuck Grassley , who has been doing the tour known as "  The Full Grassley " for more than 30 years . On Friday , Ernst 's political action committee announced that she would host a "  Roast and Ride " in Iowa in June . The hogs and Harley-themed event was a nod to her roots and former Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin 's famed steak fry , which has lured many presidential candidates to Iowa in recent years . "  She was n't elected to become a political celebrity , she was elected to serve the people of Iowa , " said Dave Kochel , an Iowa-based Republican strategist who advised Ernst during her Senate campaign . "  It 's part of the Iowa culture to be humble and not to call attention to yourself . Iowans respect people who understand that they are working for them . " In these early days , Love 's election is frequently cited by colleagues as an example of growing diversity in the Republican Party . While she acknowledged her historic win on election night , Love has also signaled that she will resist the efforts of others to define her by her race and gender . When people have tried to draw her into those debates , she told the Salt Lake City public radio affiliate KUER , "  I said , ` Do n't label me . First and foremost , I 'm a wife , I 'm a mother , I 'm a Utahan and I 'm an American . ' " In a sign of the pressures to come , however , Love was quickly drawn into the recent controversy over whether Republican House Majority Whip Steve Scalise should remain in leadership after it was revealed that he spoke to a white supremacist group in 2002 . Love stood by him in her brief appearance on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  There 's one quality he has that I think is very important in leadership and that 's humility , " she said . "  And he 's actually shown that in this case . " At the same time , she also drew notice by joining the Congressional Black Caucus this week , raising the eyebrows of its many Democratic members by saying she wants to change it from the inside . "  I think it 's important to join and do what you can to make sure we are uniting Americans , " Love told Fox host Greta Van Susteren Thursday . "  I do n't want this divisiveness based on race or gender . We are all Americans . " When it comes to models for freshmen lawmakers , strategists often cite Minnesota Sen. Al Franken , the former comedian and ` Saturday Night Live ' writer , and former New York Sen. Hillary Clinton as two who figured out a formula and stuck to it . During his first term in the Senate , Franken often refused national media interviews -- even quick asides in the hallway -- trying to make his mark by plowing into policy issues like net neutrality and mobile privacy . As the former first lady , Clinton 's office was flooded with requests from national and international press during her first year in the Senate . But "  she declined 99.9 % of those interview requests , " said Patti Solis-Doyle , a long time adviser to Clinton who was her chief of staff on her first Senate campaign . Clinton tried instead to master local issues in granular detail , focusing on initiatives like getting New York into the Northeast Dairy Compact , addressing the economic divide between upstate New York and New York City , and championing the state 's wine industry .  At a "  New York Farm Day " hosted by Clinton in the Senate , she placed Boonville 's Mercer 's Dairy next to New York winemakers , inspiring wine-flavored ice cream that is now sold internationally  . "  She really did have tunnel vision on what the job was , and what she needed to do , " said Solis-Doyle . "  She spent a lot of time on the minutia and the nitty-gritty . " Clinton also knew her constituents had little patience for the media circus that surrounded her , Solis-Doyle added . To that end , she initially tried to fly under the radar , spending much of her time on constituent work , and making it clear that she knew her place as the junior senator -- standing behind New York Sen. Chuck Schumer at the podium , for example , and waiting her turn to speak . Others who came to the Senate as big names like New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker are still struggling to find the right balance . Booker 's superhero acts as mayor of Newark -- rescuing a neighbor from a burning house and routinely helping stranded constituents shovel out of the snow -- inspired a faux-jealous video spoof by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , as well as an enormous Twitter following . But while running for re-election to the U.S. Senate this fall , Booker told NJ.com that his goal for the year was to "  stay away from the media " and "  earn the respect of my colleagues " as a hard worker . Ernst and Love will face many of those kinds of decisions as they try to prove themselves on the national stage . "  They 're both going to get an enormous amount of requests , not only for interviews , but also to travel and raise money for their respective parties and caucuses , " Solis-Doyle said . ` They are going to have to think hard about how to balance all that . " To nurture their careers over the long term , she recommended following what she called ` the Hillary model ' : "  Keep your head down ; keep your eyes and ears open ; figure out how the place works and then do your best to provide for your constituents . "	Joni Ernst keeps a low profile in first week in Washington A test for DC 's new stars : balancing fame and overexposure
A 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck just over 150 kilometers  93 miles  northwest off the coast of Ternate , Indonesia , on Saturday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The quake struck at 10:31 a.m. local time at a depth of 35 kilometers  21.7 miles  , according to the USGS , which initially called it a 7.3-magnitude quake . It was centered 156 kilometers east-northeast of Bitung , Indonesia , and 164 kilometers west of Tobelo in the same South Asian nation . The National Weather Service 's Pacific Tsunami Warning Center noted that the quake did not produce any destructive tsunami waves , though minor sea level fluctuations in some coastal areas were possible .	The USGS downgrades the quake 's strength to a 7.1-magnitude The tremor strikes over 150 kilometers off the coast of Ternate , Indonesia It struck at a depth of 35 kilometers , the USGS says The quake did n't produce a tsunami , though minor sea level fluctuations are possible
Manila , Philippines  CNN  Weighing in on last week 's terror in France and the debate over freedom of expression it stirred , Pope Francis said en route to the Philippines that killing "  in the name of God " is wrong , but it is also wrong to "  provoke " people by belittling their religion . The Pope stressed that there was no justification for the killing of 17 people in three separate incidents , including a massacre in and around the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . The assailants were reportedly Islamist extremists , some of whom called out "  Allahu akbar , " which is Arabic for "  God is great , " as they singled out the magazine , French authorities and Jewish people . "  One can not make war  or  kill in the name of one 's own religion , " Francis said on his way to the Philippines . " ... To kill in the name of God is an aberration . " Still , even as he decried the violence and generally spoke in support of freedom of expression , the pontiff said that such freedom must have its limits . He did n't mention Charlie Hebdo specifically , or its cartoon depictions of Mohammed , something that many Muslims find offensive . A previous cartoon was one reason the Paris magazine was targeted , and it did n't back down afterward , with its post-attack cover showing Mohammed again , this time crying and holding a sign with the rallying cry "  Je suis Charlie , " French for "  I am Charlie . " Still , even without talking about the magazine by name , the Pope prefaced his remarks by saying , "  let 's go to Paris , let 's speak clearly . " He then referred to recent violence there , as well as the debate about freedom of expression . Francis said on his flight from Colombo , Sri Lanka , to Manila that everyone had not only the liberty , but also the obligation , "  to say what he thinks to help the common good . " But he added that this should be done without giving offense , because human dignity should be respected . If a friend "  says a swear word against my mother , then a punch awaits him , " Francis said . Vatican Radio reported that he then "  gestured with a pretend punch " directed at the friend , Alberto Gasbarri -- an action that many journalists interpreted as a joke . Vatican spokesman Thomas Rosica later told CNN the remark was "  spoken colloquially , " adding the Pope was n't advocating violence or in any way justifying the terror attacks . Right after the punch gesture , Francis said , "  It 's normal , it 's normal . "  One can not provoke , one can not insult other people 's faith , one can not make fun of faith . " Later , Francis arrived in the Philippines , Asia 's most Catholic nation and one hungry for his arrival . Everything from the country 's supreme court to backstreet businesses have closed down , but the streets have come alive . People have been pouring into the capital from all over the country to greet the head of the Catholic Church as he starts his five-day visit . On street corners , in malls , on public transport , it 's impossible not to feel the presence of the Pope . Giant billboards with an official red and blue "  Pope logo " adorn many of Manila 's buildings , while curbside vendors sell images of his smiling face on everything from stamps and towels to fans and key chains . Filipinos have been granted a national holiday for the visit , the coast guard has declared a no-sail zone within a mile of Manila Bay , many of the capital 's main roads will be closed , and Manila 's airport has limited its operations . An estimated 40,000 security personnel will be deployed to keep the Pope safe during his time in Manila and Leyte , where he will celebrate Mass in Tacloban , a city still coming to terms with the devastation caused by Typhoon Haiyan a year ago . Pope Francis ' visit is being billed as one of "  mercy and compassion . " But in a country where a conservative church has fought strongly against legislation allowing government distribution of birth control , as well as the legalization of divorce , some Filipinos hope this pontiff 's more open-minded approach might lead to change . READ MORE : Cardinal : Pope says visit not about him Young people , such as John Laureta , a 24-year-old student who is traveling six hours to see the Pope in the capital , says he 's the kind of leader in the church that the young need . "  He 's approachable , listens and answers questions , explains and does not ignore questions that are controversial , " he said . Ginelle Peterson , also 24 , agreed . "  Since he is not so black-and-white , it makes us think , ' I want to hear more of what he has to say about this , ' " she said . Indeed , for many people in the Philippines , having a head of church with these qualities is welcome . Anthony J. Vizmanos , 25 , was asked to leave his home when he came out as gay to his "  deeply religious " parents . He said he still prays , goes to church and receives sacraments but has been driven away by what he calls irony in the church 's teachings . "  The church says it 's OK to be gay as long as you do n't engage in homosexual acts . But if you say you accept us for being gay , then why are you stopping us from acting gay ? We are not plants that photosynthesize . We need love and affection , too . " Vizmanos , who went to Catholic schools for most of his life , told CNN , "  I no longer join Catholic community groups . I practice what I know and believe instead of what they are telling me to believe . " One woman , who described herself as a "  modern " Catholic but preferred to remain anonymous , said the Vatican hierarchy needs to be revamped . "  The Pope is introducing changes that the ancient church needs to keep in step with the 21st century . There are too many antiquated , irrelevant rules that turn off the youth . This Pope is a breath of fresh air . " The church 's staunch position on artificial birth control -- that it 's a sin and will relax moral standards -- is an example . "  A woman should have the right to decide what form to use to prevent unwanted pregnancies , " she added . "  Birth control is not abortion ! " Vizmanos says he feels the church in the Philippines is less tolerant than the Pope and hopes its clergy will become more moderate after his visit . "  A priest near my home says in each homily that gay people are condemned to damnation , " he said . "  I hope the Pope can shed some humility to people like him . The church here is too rooted in their causes , whereas the Pope is more accepting . " One of the most divisive issues in the Philippines in recent years is a controversial bill that addresses birth control . The Reproductive Health Bill , which allows the government to distribute and educate the public about artificial birth control , finally passed last year after a 14-year battle , but the fight with the church and more conservative elements in the Philippines over its implementation continues today . READ MORE : A 14-year fight for birth control Christine Gomez , 48 , who works for a women 's youth organization , does not believe in divorce or birth control . "  Of course we have problems , but introducing these things will not solve them . It 's better to educate people in virtues like chastity or fortitude -- learning to face difficulties without giving up easily . " Although media have widely reported the Pope making what could be considered more liberal comments about controversial issues such as birth control , homosexuality and divorce -- which is illegal here -- he has not actually made any changes to church policy . Father Catalino Arevalo , a prominent Filipino theologian , says Pope Francis has just started changing how he handles his people . "  He just said that you should openly discuss these things ; let everybody have the chance to talk . But then , when the discussion is over , he and his advisers will make a decision , but the decisions have not been made . " Catholics like Ginelle Peterson hope that the Pope 's progressive approach may one day lead to the right to divorce . But Teodoro Bacani Jr. , bishop emeritus of Novaliches , says divorce -- which critics say will ruin the family , a cornerstone of Filipino life and faith -- is something that will never be allowed . READ MORE : The fight to make divorce legal "  I do n't think the Pope will even hint to Filipino bishops and say : ` Hey guys , soften up on this , will you ? ' Because this would not be in accord with the Catholic spirit and teachings . I am sure he will never agree to gay marriage either , " he said . Peterson says he believes it 's about trust and being open to different interpretations . "  Do n't you trust your people enough to give them a choice ? If I was solid in my faith and did n't believe in divorce , then I would not do it , " she said . "  You ca n't define a family from the dictionary . Does that mean if you grew up with just a father that it 's not family ? That you were not taken care of , or protected or loved ? " Cardinal Tagle : Pope Francis says Philippines visit ` not about him ' CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta , and Sunshine Lichauco de Leon reported from the Philippines . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Larry Register contributed to this report .	Francis : It 's wrong to make fun of others ' faith ; decries violence done in God 's name He makes remarks en route to Manila for a five-day visit -- his first tour of Asia
CNN  -- While Tiger Woods continues to find his feet at the Farmers Insurance Open in California , the man who many are tipping to be his heir is racing to the front of the pack . Jordan Spieth fired a second-round 63 at Torrey Pines ' North course on Friday to move one shot ahead of first round leader Stewart Cink , who backed up an opening round 64 with a one-under 71 . The 20-year-old won the John Deere Classic last July to become the first teenage winner on the PGA Tour for 82 years and is now in pole position to claim a second tour title after producing a flawless display which included nine birdies and no bogeys . Read more : Jordan who ? Five to watch on the 2014 PGA Tour "  Any time you can shoot a lower score than a 66 or 65 and you can really get it deep and be in a zone and not worry about what your score is ... that 's special , " Spieth said , PGATour.com reported . "  That 's proving that I can play my best golf when it matters on a PGA Tour venue . Each time you can do that , you get more and more confident that you can do it more often , " he added . Woods , who was paired with Spieth , could only manage a one-under 71 to add to an even par opening round . The 38-year-old has won eight times at Torrey Pines -- including 2008 U.S. Open -- is now languishing down in a tie for 50th . "  I was just a fraction off , and at this level and on golf courses like this , if you 're just a fraction off it does n't take much , especially as tight as the North Course is , " Woods said , PGATOUR.com reported . "  I had so many balls that landed in the fairway that went in the rough . Now I ca n't be aggressive , I 've got to play conservative into some of these flags . When you should be able to fire at some of these flags , I just could n't . " The 14-time major winning admitted before the tournament that time may be running out on his bid to overtake Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 major wins . But Woods was generous in his praise of the man who may be a multiple major winner in the future . "  The kid 's got talent . He hits it a long way , phenomenal putter , " Woods said . "  He made a boat load of putts today from the 10 - to 20-foot range , and on poa  a type of grass  greens , that 's not easy to do . He was pouring them in there . He had speed to them , too . That 's what you have to do to putt on poa . He putted with a lot of confidence . " Woods wo n't be ruling himself out of the running just yet , despite being nine shots off Spieth 's lead , but will have to produce something spectacular at the weekend . Closer to the top , Belgium 's Nicolas Colsaerts has a good chance of breaking his duck on the PGA Tour after a second round 67 took him up to third place at eight under . America 's Billy Horschel and Australia 's Marc Leishman are currently one shot further back in a tie for fourth . His compatriot Jason Day had a disappointing second round , limping to a one-over par 73 and drop down into a nine-way tie for 11th on five-under par . Lee Westwood had a better day on Friday carding a 68 after a disappointing opening round of 73 -- the Englishman is now tied for 22nd on three under with , among others , Keegan Bradley who added a 72 to an opening round of 69 . Westwood 's compatriot Ian Poulter will feel he still has an outside chance of victory after repairing the damage of an opening round 75 with an impressive five-under par 67 to leave him on two-under . Read more : How to guarantee finishing a round at -10	Jordan Spieth leads Farmers Insurance Open at halfway stage after second round 63 Playing partner Tiger Woods could only manage a one-under par round of 71 First round leader Stewart Cink now second after also shooting a 71 on Friday
