OPRAH.com  -- What do you most want to know about your mom but would never ask ? When psychoanalyst Joyce McFadden posed this question to hundreds of women in an online survey that began in 2006 , she was surprised by their answers : Half of the respondents wanted to know more about their mothers ' sexuality . The queries ranged from the seemingly straightforward to the profound : "  Did she date other men before my dad ? " "  Had she had an abortion ? " "  Why did she have an affair ? " In her new book , "  Your Daughter 's Bedroom , " McFadden explores the great value in sharing these kinds of intimate secrets -- even when it 's awkward to do so . Oprah.com : How to get your daughter to talk to you Understanding our mothers , she says , is vital to understanding ourselves . We asked McFadden how to get the conversation started . Q : Why are these discussions so hard ? It 's not easy to blurt out the private details of your life to anyone . But moms often do n't discuss their sexual pasts because they 're embarrassed about things that happened , or worried they 'll scare their daughters . The daughters then withhold from their moms for fear of being judged . It 's a cycle . We 're not allowing ourselves to be real , whole women together . Oprah.com : 14 really good sex questions Q : What are we missing out on ? We lose our moms as advisers , for one . Intimate relationships are bafflingly complex , and when things go wrong , many women consider themselves failures . But if they could talk about it , they might be able to move past that shame . Q : What were your survey respondents hoping to learn about their moms ? Many were hoping that certain aspects of their mothers ' personalities might be illuminated . They said things like "  I think she must have been abused " and "  I have to assume she was sexually unhappy with my father . " They wanted to get to know their mothers better as women , because we look to our moms as guides . We study them all the time as we grapple with our own identity . Oprah.com : What is your daughter thinking ? Q : Any advice on approaching Mom ? Make sure you consider the risks first , because you may learn things that you 're not prepared to know . If you feel ready , try looking for conversation starters in your everyday life -- like a movie that touched on sexual relationships or a friend who is going through a divorce . I find that mothers are often happy to talk once their daughters give them an opening . Oprah.com : The "  Eew " factor Q : How did you start talking about sex with your own daughter ? When she was little , I made sure she knew the correct names of her body parts . I did n't know what a vulva was till I was , like , 30 . Q : Now that she 's a teenager , has it become more difficult ? She comes to me with questions , but there are definitely topics I have to broach . Before she started high school , I said , "  We 're going to have a conversation about oral sex . " And she said , "  I 'm going to jump out of this car . " But I made the conversation happen . It 's my responsibility to teach her . Now we do n't have to talk about it again -- unless she wants to . Oprah.com : Adventures in sex education Unspoken Questions McFadden asked the women in her survey what they most wanted to know about their moms . This is what some of them wrote : • If she 's ever loved anyone as much as she loves my dad . • Why she stayed with my father . • Why she never told us that she married my dad after my older brother was born . • Why did she allow Grandma to push her into a marriage she was n't sure was right ? • I want to know about her desire for sex . • Why she never had an affair after my father became ill . • Why does n't she get help for her marriage ? Oprah.com : More ways to talk to your daughter about sex Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Joyce McFadden asked women what they want to know about their moms but wo n't ask Half of the respondents wanted to know more about their mothers ' sexuality McFadden : We study our mothers all the time as we grapple with our own identity One risk : You may learn things that you 're not prepared to know
CNN  A mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria , leaving health officials scrambling to determine its cause . The cases have all occurred in Nigeria 's Ondo state since April 13 , health officials said Sunday . Dr. Dayo Adeyanju , Ondo 's state commissioner for health , said 18 people have died and five people are being treated . Those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60 . The disease does not appear to be contagious , he said . Symptoms include headaches , blurred vision , loss of sight and unconsciousness , Adeyanju said . Some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol . The World Health Organization , earlier Sunday , reported at least 13 people were killed and that there were 18 total cases . Those numbers were reported by Adeyanju released somewhat different totals . Investigators sent samples of blood , urine and spinal fluid to a university in the city of Lagos for tests , which ruled out infections from viruses or bacteria , the WHO said . Doctors plan to carry out toxicological tests on one of the victims who died in a hospital , WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic said .	18 dead and 5 being treated , Nigeria says Locally brewed alcohol is suspected Some patients have died within hours
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In what a U.S. military official calls an "  inadvertent encounter , " a Chinese submarine hit an underwater sonar array being towed by the destroyer USS John McCain on Thursday . The USS John S. McCain , left , anchored at the port of Incheon 40 km west of Seoul , Korea in March 2004 . The array was damaged , but the sub and the ship did not collide , the official said . A sonar array is a device towed behind a ship that listens and locates underwater sounds . The incident occurred near Subic Bay off the coast of the Philippines . The official , who declined to be named because the incident had not been made public , would not say whether the U.S. ship knew the submarine was that close to it . However , the Navy does not believe this was a deliberate incident of Chinese harassment , as it would have been extremely dangerous had the array gotten caught in the submarine 's propellers . The Navy has complained in the past that Chinese vessels , including fishing boats , have deliberately tried to disrupt U.S. naval activities in international waters near China . In one widely publicized incident in March , five Chinese vessels maneuvered close enough to the USNS Impeccable to warrant the use of a fire hose by the unarmed American vessel to avoid a collision . The Navy later released video of that incident .	The array was damaged , but the sub and the ship did not collide Navy does not believe it was a deliberate incident of Chinese harassment Navy has complained of Chinese vessels disrupting U.S. naval activities
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Vimlendu Jha is the founder and head of Swechha -- We For Change Foundation which is based in India 's capital , New Delhi . "  The Dreamtime Circus is a troupe of fire dancers , jugglers , aerialists , clowns and musicians who travel the world to share the uplifting experience of the circus . " Swechha started out as an organization to combat the pollution of the city 's main waterway , the river Yamuna . Today it deals with the environmental issues that affect several aspects of Delhi . Vimlendu leads volunteers and local children to key sites around the city to tackle the ecological problems , as well as to raise awareness of the issues . Follow his efforts in his blogs and video diaries . December 4 , 2007 We live in a conflict-ridden world . There is upheaval and turmoil between countries , between people , between man and nature and within one 's own self . Fortunately , there are people who are striving hard to fight this feeling of gloom and despondency . Dreamtime Circus and Swechha -- We for Change Foundation have joined hands to salute this indefatigable spirit of such change makers through "  Circus for Change . " Both organizations are comprised of people who have devoted themselves to reduce the misery of the earth and her people by way of grassroots level advocacy , raising awareness about social , cultural and political issues or by bringing smiles to the faces of many by entertaining them through their creative performances . The Dreamtime Circus is a troupe of fire dancers , jugglers , aerialists , clowns and musicians who travel the world to share the uplifting experience of the circus with the peoples of the world . During their travels , the troupe aims to support local organizations working on vital environmental , health , and humanitarian issues that impact the communities they visit . The Dreamtime Circus was founded by fire dancers and non-profit organizers Chris Dunn and Kara "  Kfire " Voss in 2005 , when they first started performing in villages throughout Indonesia . Since then , Dreamtime Circus has grown from two to 30 performers and their debut performance , "  Between Worlds , " played to five sold out audiences in San Francisco , California , as well as a packed circus tent at the world famous "  Burning Man Festival " in the U.S. . The coming together of Dreamtime Circus and Swechha symbolizes the fusion of advocacy and creativity , and a common goal for effecting social change . One of the key objectives of Swechha 's various endeavors is to help people -- primarily youth -- to rediscover their relationship with the environment and to empower them to reflect on the consumption-based lifestyle of modern times and its ill-effects . Dreamtime Circus epitomizes daring , innovation and a will to make the world a more humane place , through creative arts and in whatever little way one can . While Swechha promotes volunteerism in a big way , the performers at Dreamtime hope to further the cause of volunteerism by performing for free , wherever they travel in India and in doing so , they wish to aid local civil society groups in their work . Objectives of Circus for Change : • To promote "  out-of-the-box " methods for raising awareness . • To spread the message of "  One Earth , Your Earth , " which essentially means -- political , cultural and economic boundaries notwithstanding -- this earth is undivided and there is a need for each one of us to be responsible towards it without thinking about our personal gains . • To help local NGOs in their efforts to uplift society through performances and workshops by Dreamtime Circus . It would also help the NGOs , especially the ones in rural areas , to attract media attention and get publicity for their present and future projects . • To collaborate with artists , activists and performers from different countries to promote inter-cultural learning , and to share experiences and good practices . From October 2007 through March 2008 , Dreamtime Circus will tour India and perform for free in cities , villages , schools , and refugee communities throughout the country . Wherever a circus need be , a circus shall be . Performances will include an array of circus arts , music and storytelling , and will communicate positive messages of hope , dreams and respect for the Earth and all humanity . In addition to performing , the Dreamtime troupe can hold workshops to teach a variety of basic circus arts to kids of all ages . These performances and workshops will provide a unique and creative venue for partnering organizations to raise awareness about their issues . There 's nothing like a circus to attract a captive audience . "  Circus for Change " has already been staged at several places in Himachal Pradesh and Delhi . It will travel to Gujarat , Maharashtra , Goa , Karnataka , Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Orissa , West Bengal , and Uttar Pradesh in the next five months . E-mail to a friend	Swechha has teamed up with the Dreamtime Circus troupe Dreamtime Circus supports local organizations on key issues The troupe is touring India putting on shows and circus skills workshops
CNN  -- Pittsburgh police Wednesday had six "  persons of interest " in custody in connection with the shooting of three students near their high school , authorities said . One student was grazed in the head , another was struck in the neck and shoulder , and a third was hit in the leg and foot , according to Pittsburgh police spokeswoman Diane Richards . Richards said the six people being questioned were picked up at a house near the school . She said the shooting may be drug-related . "  We do n't know if there were multiple shooters at this time , " Richards said . "  No one is talking at this time . " One of the victims was listed in stable condition at Allegheny General Hospital , according to a hospital spokeswoman . Authorities said the injuries were not life-threatening . The shots rang out near Brashear High School shortly after the last bell rang at 2:46 p.m. , said Ebony Pugh , a spokeswoman for Pittsburgh 's public schools . There is a middle school adjacent to the high school . The students were approached by at least one gunman who came out of the woods and opened fire , the school spokeswoman said . They were shot while walking to their cars . At least two of the victims managed to run back into the school and notify authorities . The identities of the victims , in their mid - to late teens , were unknown . Richards said the shooting may have been in "  retaliation " for an earlier incident but did not elaborate . Shooting leaves 2 high-schoolers dear at house party Wounded survivor , 12 , recalls Nevada school attack CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	NEW : Pittsburgh police have six "  persons of interest " in custody At least 1 of 3 teens shot is in stable condition at a hospital , spokeswoman says At least one gunman came out of woods and shot as teens went to cars , police say
CNN  -- Humiliation and comedy have always been natural bedfellows , but the one does n't guarantee the other , as poor Katherine Heigl discovers in this crude , sub-par stab at a modern screwball comedy . Katherine Heigl plays the sophisticated female boss of Gerard Butler in "  The Ugly Truth . " The "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Knocked Up " star plays Abby , a supposedly intelligent producer on a local Sacramento TV news show . We 're repeatedly assured that she 's good at her job , though there 's little or no evidence for that in what we see , and apparently the ratings are in the toilet . That 's why her boss drafts controversial cable clown Mike  Gerard Butler  , whose bargain basement show "  The Ugly Truth " gives viewers the real dope on the opposite sex . Mike 's straight talk is n't exactly edifying -- or original . It boils down to this : men are only interested in one thing , and it 's not your IQ score . His advice to women : swallow your pride -- and anything else that might come up . Abby is understandably skeptical , both professionally and personally , but the sweeps prove her wrong . Mike may be outrageous , but Sacramento loves him for it . A smarter comedy might make mischief from these base ingredients , the sophisticated female boss and her rude , reactionary star employee . But this movie , which is credited to three female screenwriters , bends over backward to accommodate Mike 's tired old sexist world view and fails to be funny in the process . Abby really is a neurotic control freak , living alone with her cat and a checklist about what constitutes the perfect guy . And when a close approximation of the type moves in right next door  Eric Winton as a handsome young doctor  , she only lands him by putting herself in Mike 's hands : accentuating her cleavage , losing the ponytail and trading in dinner and an art show for a hot dog and a baseball game . Directed by Robert Luketic  "  Monster in Law "  , "  The Ugly Truth " barely attempts to disguise its own lifts and tucks . The most craven of these gambits involves Abby going into multiple orgasm at a business dinner , a variation on Meg Ryan 's famous scene in "  When Harry Met Sally , " except that in Ryan 's case , she was in full control , demonstrating her mastery of the fake-out . Abby , though , is sent into inadvertent paroxysms when the remote control of the vibrating panties she 's wearing -- do n't ask -- falls into the hands of a curious kid . Watch the stars describe the scene " In other scenes , Heigl is caught hanging upside down from a tree in her nightgown , hiding in her office closet and furiously rubbing a stain out of the doctor 's crotch in front of a stadium of ball fans . Presumably this is what picking up Julia Roberts and Sandra Bullock 's cast-offs entails these days . Katharine Hepburn would weep . But what about Mike ? Surely he has lessons to learn and comic indignities to endure ? Not so much . In contrast to Abby 's makeover , he 's allowed to be comfortable in his own rather corpulent skin . Gerard Butler evidently has n't worked out since Sparta ; heck , he has n't even bothered to shave . You wo n't be surprised that the avowed bachelor boy falls in love with dear Abby . Of course he 's a nice guy underneath . We know that from the way he looks out for his fatherless nephew . So what if he 's a sexist pig ? He 's a sexy sexist pig , and obviously father material . What more could any woman want ? "  The Ugly Truth " is rated R and runs 97 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  The Ugly Truth " is a romantic comedy starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler Movie bends over backward to accommodate a tired old sexist world view Film fails to be funny in the process
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Azerbaijan was awarded the open seat on the U.N. Security Council Monday after Slovenia dropped its bid . Four countries , including Pakistan , were elected last week to join the Security Council in January as non-permanent members for two-year terms . Also elected , via secret ballot , were Guatemala , Morocco and Togo . They join the Security Council 's five permanent members -- China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States -- plus five countries elected to two-year , non-permanent membership last year -- Colombia , Germany , India , Portugal and South Africa . Azerbaijan and Slovenia were locked in a contest for the fifth seat this year . Azerbaijan was the clear front-runner and after 16 rounds of voting , Slovenia decided to pull out . Voting was conducted in the U.N. General Assembly . Countries are voted onto the Security Council by all 193 U.N. member nations . "  Our campaign was always for Slovenia , for the values that we represent . We were never campaigning against any other candidate , " said Samuel Zbogar , Slovenia 's foreign minister , by way of announcing his country 's decision to withdraw . "  We do n't approve  of  the way this campaign was held and we do n't approve  of  the way these elections were held . However , the current result speaks for itself , " he said . When contacted by CNN later to elaborate on the county 's objections , the Slovenian Mission to the United Nations declined to elaborate . Representatives from various countries lined up to extend their sympathies to the losing candidate . Slovenia entered the race for a Security Council seat some 11 years ago . Starting in January , the council will have as members seven of the nine nations known to have nuclear weapons : China , France , India , Pakistan , Russia , the United States and the United Kingdom . Absent will be Israel and North Korea . Guatemala will serve on the council for the first time after a failed 2006 bid . That race , against Venezuela , lasted three weeks and 48 rounds of voting , the third-longest in U.N. history . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice released a statement late Monday , congratulating the new non-permanent members of the Security Council . "  In the coming year , the Security Council will address many pressing global challenges , including nuclear non-proliferation , counter-terrorism , conflict prevention and resolution , promotion of democracy and human rights , and the oversight of complex UN field operations , and the United States looks forward to strong partnership with the incoming members , " it read . Leaving the council will be Brazil , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Gabon , Lebanon and Nigeria . CNN 's Richard Roth , Joe Vaccarello and Mick B. Krever contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. congratulates the new non-permanent members of the Security Council Slovenia drops its bid after 16 rounds of voting Azerbaijan and Slovenia had been deadlocked over the fifth seat Countries are voted onto the Security Council by all 193 U.N. member nations
CNN  -- A multi-million dollar negligence lawsuit filed by the families of two victims of the 2007 Virginia Tech mass shooting has been dismissed by Virginia 's highest court . The state justices said Thursday that given the initial uncertainty and confusion surrounding the actions of the student gunman , "  there was no duty for the Commonwealth to warn students about the potential for criminal acts by third parties , " meaning gunman Seung-Hui Cho . He went on a shooting rampage on the Blacksburg , Virginia , campus that left 32 people dead . The young man then took his own life . A county jury had awarded the estates of Erin Peterson and Julia Pryde $ 4 million each , saying the state was negligent . The amount was later reduced to $ 100,000 per family . The women were students at the state university . Virginia Tech shootings timeline There was no initial reaction from the families , but a spokesman for state Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli said the justices ' conclusions were proper . "  While words can not express the tremendous sympathy we have for the families who lost their loved ones in the Virginia Tech shootings of 2007 -- including the Prydes and the Petersons -- the Virginia Supreme Court has found what we have said all along to be true : The commonwealth and its officials at Virginia Tech were not negligent on April 16 , 2007 , " said Brian Gottstein . "  Cho was the lone person responsible for this tragedy . " Cuccinelli is the Republican nominee for governor , and the general election is next Tuesday . At issue was the level of responsibility the state -- including university officials , as well as local and campus police -- should bear for the initial handling of Cho 's actions , which eventually spread out over several hours . Could his final rampage be reasonably foreseen ? Law enforcement on April 16 , 2007 , received a call of an incident inside a dormitory around 7:30 a.m. Officers arrived to find two gunshot victims , one fatal , and initially believed it be a "  domestic homicide , " not a prelude to far more lethal killing spree to come . "  Police believed that this was an isolated incident that posed no danger to others and that the shooter had fled the area , " said the Virginia Supreme Court 's 15-page ruling . "  They did not believe that a campus lockdown was necessary . " Lawyers for the families had argued if such a precautionary lockdown was imposed immediately -- where students and the university community would be told to shelter in place -- the subsequent massacre inside an academic building may have been prevented or minimized . A killer in the family The court concluded university officials were engaged and kept informed of the situation over time . Two hours after the initial incident , members of the University Policy Group -- consisting of school administrators -- sent out a campus-wide "  blast e-mail , " informing students and faculty of the dorm shooting , and urging those to report anything suspicious . The mass shooting in Norris Hall began about 10 minutes later , prompting another immediate university "  blast e-mail " stating "  a gunman is loose on campus . Stay in buildings until further notice . " Peterson , 18 , and Pryde , 23 were among those murdered by Cho in Norris Hall . He was later linked to both the residence hall and academic building shootings . In general under state law , someone does not have a legal duty to warn or protect from someone else the criminal acts of a third person , unless a "  special relationship " exists between one or more parties . Such relations might include those between employer/employee , airline/passenger , or innkeeper/guest . All such claims of wrongdoing in this context are fact-specific , and the Virginia court here determined the state reasonably -- if incorrectly -- determined the shooter had left the area . "  Based on the limited information available to the Commonwealth prior to the shootings in Norris Hall , " said the seven justices , "  it can not be said that it was known or reasonably foreseeable that students in Norris Hall would fall victim to criminal harm . " School officials expressed satisfaction with the court 's conclusions , saying the jury 's initial verdict was based on a misreading of state law . "  The court 's actions can never reverse the loss of lives nor the pain experienced by so many families and friends of victims of one person . In the end , the cause of these heinous acts and continuing heartbreak was a troubled and angry young man with easy access to powerful killing weapons , " said Lawrence Hincker , associate vice president at Virginia Tech . The case is Commonwealth of Virginia v. Peterson  121717  .	Plaintiffs initially awarded $ 4 million each in negligence lawsuit Award later reduced to $ 100,000 each Virginia 's highest court said Virginia Tech that slaughter was not "  reasonably foreseeable "
If your romantic partner pointed you to an application for a one-way trip to Mars , would you be upset -- or thrilled ? When Dr. Leila Zucker 's husband sent her such an e-mail last spring , he said that he did n't want her to go but that he 'd be a lousy husband if he did n't tell her about it . Fast-forward to today : Zucker has made it past the first round of cuts for Mars One , a nonprofit organization that aims to send four people to the Red Planet in 2024 and subsequent groups in later years . "  Most of us want to explore , want to go new places , and then it 's just a question of : How much are you willing to give up to do it ? " she said . Zucker is one of 705 candidates selected from a pool of 200,000 applicants for the mission . The select group has been narrowed from 1,058 people as some prospective astronauts dropped out for personal or medical reasons , Mars One said recently . All of the remaining candidates will be interviewed by the Mars One selection committee . Eventually , only four will be picked for the first trip . Apparently , none of them is scared off by the idea that , because of technological and financial limitations , Mars One astronauts would probably never come home . It might not actually happen Despite growing excitement surrounding this effort , it is not clear that sufficient money will be raised to follow through . Mars One CEO Bas Lansdorp has said the company is looking at "  a range of funding scenarios . " A reality TV concept is one way Mars One may make good on its $ 6 billion budget for getting the first four humans to Mars . Lansdorp hopes the unprecedented video opportunities will attract sponsors , partners and media coverage . But since no one has ever been to Mars , the technology to fly people there and keep them alive has not been tested there , either . Lansdorp said last year that "  no new inventions are needed to land humans on Mars , " and the website says the "  plan is built upon existing technologies available from proven suppliers . " But the company will need to show that key systems involved in transportation and life support will work in untraversed territories . Mars One announced in March that it will soon begin constructing the first of its "  simulation outposts " to train selected astronauts and teams , giving them experience in an environment made to feel like a Martian home . Zucker , 46 , an emergency medicine physician in Washington , is doubtful that Mars One will deliver on the trip at all . But if it does happen , she is on board . "  There 's no question . " Settling away from your spouse You might think that trying to emigrate from our planet might put some pressure on Earth-based relationships . Zucker and her husband have been married for 21 years and have no children . If she goes to Mars , she said , she will probably offer her husband a divorce but will wear her wedding ring regardless . He does n't want her to go , she said , but supports her following her dreams . "  Both of us are space enthusiasts , " she said . "  Humanity needs to expand off Earth if we expect the human race to succeed in any way beyond just basic survival . " Dan Carey , 52 , another candidate , also believes humans should be spreading to other planets -- but his wife is not happy about Carey taking part in the mission . The couple , married 28 years , has two college-age children . "  She 's concerned that she 's going to have to watch me die on television , " Carey said of his wife . It 's hard for Carey to think about leaving his wife and kids behind forever and never meeting future grandchildren . Still , he likes the idea of making history and seeing things that no one has seen directly before . Sachin Desai and his wife , Ankita Ritwik , are getting around the marital tension issue by applying together . Desai says he could not go to Mars without her . Sure , Mars might challenge their marriage , but enough marriages are strained on Earth already , he said . "  One thing we do really well together is travel , and this would be a trip lasting the rest of our lives . I think we also are very good at helping each other out when we are stressed ; I would be a far worse space cadet without her . " A ` social experiment ' When you live far from people you 've known for a long time , you manage to make friends in your immediate area , and that 's what Marina Santiago thinks will happen on Mars . The Harvard University Ph.D. student says Mars One crew members may take the place of friends , family and significant others . Even if Mars One does n't land people on Mars in 2025 , it serves as a "  social experiment " to get people talking and thinking about a Mars mission , she said . "  What I learned in grad school is that you never really know what problems you 're going to come across until you actually try and do something . And the fact that they 're actually trying to plan it , means that they 'll come across the problems , " she said . "  I believe that there are no problems humanity ca n't solve . " Some candidates draw analogies to the early waves of European settlers in North America . Immigrants did n't have a rover on Plymouth Rock telling them about local conditions before they arrived , says Gregory Sachs . "  You even could n't necessarily send a letter back to your family , " Zucker said . "  You were leaving everything for good . We at least will have the ability to use e-mail . " Still , it 's a hard sell for friends of Brian Robles ' , a Mars One candidate who studies public health at Rutgers University . "  Usually , every time I tell somebody about the trip , they say it 's a ` suicide mission ' and ` you 're going to die on Mars , ' " Robles said . "  Well , we 're going to die here , too . So might as well live your whole life to the fullest . " Funny he should mention that : The United Arab Emirates ' religious watchdog , the General Authority of Islamic Affairs & Endowments , recently issued a fatwa to warn Muslims against the mission because "  the chances of dying are higher than living . " Mars One responded in a statement , asking the authority to cancel the fatwa . "  The Fatwa prohibits Muslims from going to Mars , but not from applying to Mars One 's mission or training for the mission . In the next ten years , Mars One is open to working with the GAIAE to assess the risk of the mission as the unmanned settlement is under construction , " Mars One said . Sachs is hopeful that his trip would n't actually be one-way . He believes it would be in the best interest of the mission to send the astronauts back : "  Imagine only the cost and tax on resources to care with someone elderly on a Mars One colony , " he said . But the way that the mission is currently set up -- with no return plan -- he 's still interested . Making happy Martian meals Spending the rest of your life on another planet might make a person miss certain Earthly conveniences like favorite foods . Carey said he 'd lose weight just to be able to take more chocolate with him , since there would be a limit of how much weight each person could contribute to the mission . Michael McDonnell , another applicant , said he wants to make the first pizza on Mars . Zucker would miss hamburgers but has high hopes for being able to grow them herself , perhaps from cow stem cells using a technique demonstrated last year . How test-tube meat could be the future of food "  The first hardest thing to give up would obviously be my husband , " Zucker said . "  The second hardest thing would be meat . " But for this opportunity , she would kiss them both goodbye . A one-way ticket to Mars , apply now 501 days in space with your spouse : Could you handle it ?	Mars One will select four astronauts for its first mission Candidate pool in current round stands at 705 Some say humanity needs to leave Earth for survival One man 's wife "  concerned that she 's going to have to watch me die on television "
CNN  -- The entire eastern coast of the United States should prepare for Irene , a large and dangerous hurricane churning northwestward over the tropical waters of the Caribbean , the nation 's emergency chief warned Tuesday . At 8 p.m. ET , the National Hurricane Center said the winds in Irene remained unchanged from its previous update , at 90 mph , making the storm a Category 1 hurricane . However , the reduction is expected to be only temporary , and Irene is still forecast to become a Category 3 event , a major hurricane , by Wednesday night or Thursday , the center said . Irene was moving through the southern Bahamas and will pass very near or over the Turks and Caicos islands later Tuesday night , CNN Senior Meteorologist Dave Hennen said early Tuesday evening . The storm could threaten the North Carolina coast on Saturday and is likely to continue to be a hurricane all the way into New England as it moves along or over the northeast coast , Hennen said . Widespread damage is possible from coastal Carolina all the way up to the Canadian Maritimes , including the major cities of the Northeast , Hennen said . Conditions continue to be favorable for Irene to intensify to a major hurricane , a Category 3 or higher , with 110 mph winds or stronger , as it moves through the Bahamas on Thursday and passes just east of Nassau and Freeport , Hennen said . But Craig Fugate , the Federal Emergency Management Agency administrator , noted that Irene 's exact path can not be predicted this far out . The storm , he said , will affect a large area . "  People think hurricanes are a Southern thing but people in the mid-Atlantic and Northeast need to take Irene seriously , " Fugate said . "  We have a lot of time for people to get ready but we do n't have forever . " Hennen said Irene is expected to pass well east of Florida so only minimal effects are expected Thursday and Friday as the storm moves northward toward the Carolinas . A landfall is possible on Saturday as the storm approaches North Carolina . As of Tuesday , the most likely place for landfall appears to be on the Outer Banks of North Carolina as the computer models have continued to shift the track of the storm eastward , Hennen said . He added it 's possible , if this trend continues , that the dangerous core of Irene may miss North Carolina altogether and stay just offshore . Beyond Saturday , most of the computer models continue to show the storm very close or over coastal sections of the Northeast , Hennen said . Many models and the official forecast show a hurricane landfall in the Northeast anywhere from Delaware to New Jersey , Long Island , into Cape Cod and the islands . Widespread damage from wind , rain , and heavy surf appears likely as the storm moves through , he said . Even if the storm does not make a direct hit on the Northeast , the impact could be the same as a very intense winter nor'easter , Hennen said . Hurricane-force winds may occur in major cities like Philadelphia , New York and Boston along with widespread power outages and severe flooding affecting possibly millions of people , Hennen said . While the effects of a Category 3 or higher hurricane hitting the Outer Banks is potentially devastating , the bigger impact with Irene may be on the Northeast , which could take a direct hit from a hurricane for the first time in decades or experience a very intense storm that stays just off the coast , Hennen said . Emergency officials in southeastern states have already stepped up operations in preparation for the first significant storm to threaten the United States in three years . North Carolina 's coastal Ocracoke Island on the Outer Banks and surrounding Hyde County have declared a state of emergency starting at 5 a.m. Wednesday . Officials declared a mandatory evacuation for all visitors and residents starting at 5 a.m. Thursday . "  We will be ready if Hurricane Irene reaches North Carolina , " Gov. Beverly Perdue said . "  Our teams are already lining up supplies , trucks and resources to reach anywhere the storm might touch . " Perdue said at a news conference Tuesday that "  in North Carolina , we 're prepared . " "  Quite frankly  the state 's  emergency center has done this over and over and over , and we have the best system in America , we know that ... and that system is very , very robust and strong . " But she advised coastal residents especially to make plans and to prepare hurricane evacuation kits : "  food supplies , medicine , water -- begin to think about your pets , begin to think about those things all around your home or business that can cause damage if there are high winds . " In South Carolina , emergency officials in Beaufort County , which includes Hilton Head Island , worked to make certain that construction sites on major highways could be cleared quickly in case evacuations of coastal areas became necessary . "  We 're contacting  construction crews  every day now to make sure if we should have to do something , that they could remove their barrels and construction equipment , etc. to clear the road so we do n't have impediment in the roadways , " county Emergency Management Director Todd Ferguson said Tuesday evening . "  We ... will continue to do that until this threat is passed . " Irene became a Category 2 hurricane Monday evening , with maximum sustained winds of 100 mph . The storm , moving at 10 miles per hour , is expected to strengthen to a Category 3 by Wednesday , which would make it a major hurricane , forecasters said , and then approach Category 4 status as it gathers steam and organizes over the warm ocean . "  We see no reason for it not to be a major hurricane , " said Bill Read , director of the Miami-based National Hurricane Center . Read said Irene could potentially affect the unveiling of the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial in Washington and cause problems with flooding in northeastern states that have already experienced high levels of rainfall this summer . He said the Atlantic up to Cape Hatteras in North Carolina is warm enough to sustain a major hurricane . Tuesday , Irene took aim at the Turks and Caicos islands after lashing the Dominican Republic with 100 mph winds and heavy rain . It is expected to reach the southeastern and central Bahamas by early Wednesday . Forecasters said Irene could bring another 4 to 8 inches of rain to the Dominican Republic and Haiti , with as much as 15 inches in higher elevations . Potentially dangerous flooding and mudslides were a threat , the center said . Rainfall accumulations of 5 to 10 inches are expected in the southeastern and central Bahamas and in the Turks and Caicos islands , it said . On Grand Turk Island , the skies grew dark Tuesday morning . Janet Williams , the office manager at the Osprey Beach Hotel , said many guests had evacuated but 11 remained and were planning to ride out the storm in the hotel . With memories still fresh of Ike , a monster 2008 hurricane , residents were taking no chances , Williams said . The streets were empty and windows boarded up . In Puerto Rico , the storm left widespread damage and about 600,000 of the island 's 1 million electricity customers were without power , Gov. Luis Fortuno said Monday . Nearly 800 people were in shelters , but no injuries had been reported . President Barack Obama signed an emergency declaration for Puerto Rico , which will allow for federal disaster assistance to the U.S. commonwealth . CNN iReporter John Hall captured images of dark clouds in San Juan as strong winds whipped against his microphone . "  I have been prepared since the start of the hurricane season with plenty of water , food , flashlights , candles and of course all my camera and video equipment , " he wrote to CNN . CNN 's Moni Basu , Ed Payne , Joe Sutton , Thomas Andres and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	North Carolina governor : "  We 're prepared " Landfall could occur Saturday on the N.C. Outer Banks , a CNN meteorologist says The Northeast could also take a direct hit from the hurricane , he says Hurricane-force winds could hit New York , Philadelphia and Boston
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department is being investigated for alleged "  systemic " civil rights violations during routine traffic stops by trying to identify people who live in publicly subsidized housing , federal officials said Friday . The U.S. Justice Department is conducting a civil investigation into the alleged discriminatory policing by the sheriff 's deputies in the cities of Lancaster and Palmdale , both in the Mojave Desert 's Antelope Valley , federal officials said . Deputies from sheriff stations in those two communities also allegedly conducted warrantless searches of African-American families ' homes under the auspices of a housing authority compliance inspection , and housing authority investigators based at the two stations allegedly accompanied deputies during the compliance checks , federal officials said . Sometimes , the deputies allegedly approached the home of a recipient of what is known as Section 8 subsidies "  with guns drawn and in full SWAT armor , " conducted searches and asked questions unrelated to housing programs , Justice Department officials said . The Justice Department inquiry will focus on whether the two sheriff stations "  engaged in a pattern or practice of discrimination on the basis of race or national origin , " federal officials said . "  In interviews with affected individuals and community representatives , we heard troubling accounts of allegedly unjustified stops and searches , " Assistant Attorney General Thomas E. Perez said in a statement . "  We will be investigating whether there is a pattern of racially motivated stops and arrests , " Perez said . "  We intend to peel the onion to its core , and gain a precise understanding of what is happening in these two areas . " Sheriff Leroy D. Baca appeared at the news conference Friday with Perez in downtown Los Angeles and said his department is cooperating with the investigation . "  We are not going to enforce the laws on the backs of the poor who are in effect obeying the law , " the sheriff said . The Antelope Valley has experienced explosive population growth over the past two decades , and African-Americans and Latinos now make up almost 60 percent of Lancaster and almost 70 percent of Palmdale , Perez said . Justice Department officials will also look at whether leaders in the two communities "  adopted a policy or practice designed to drive certain residents out of the community , " Perez said . The cities of Lancaster and Palmdale do n't have their own police forces , and they contract with the sheriff , Perez said . Federal authorities will investigate allegations of deputies working alongside city officials , Perez said . Palmdale City Hall was closed Friday , and officials there and in the city of Lancaster could n't be reached immediately for comment . The sheriff stations in those communities show disproportionately high rates of misdemeanor and obstruction arrests in comparison with other stations , federal officials said . Also , the two cities have "  unusually high rates of misdemeanor arrests and particularly high rates of arrests of African-Americans , " Perez said . The federal inquiry is being carried out under a police reform provision enacted in the wake of the Los Angeles police beating of Rodney King in 1991 , and the Justice Department now has the authority to investigate "  patterns or practices of the deprivation of constitutional rights or violations of federal law , " Perez said . In a recent e-mailed letter to the sheriff , Perez wrote that the Justice Department will conduct its inquiry in conjunction with another ongoing investigation begun in June into allegations that the cities of Palmdale and Lancaster violated the Fair Housing Act . The Los Angeles County Housing Authority is also being investigated for an alleged "  systematic effort to discriminate against African-Americans and Latinos , " federal officials said . "  We 've been working with  Justice Department investigators  cooperatively since we were notified on June 16 , " said Emilio Salas , deputy executive director of the Los Angeles County Housing Authority . His agency looks forward to the inquiry and any recommendations that the Justice Department may come up with , he said .	The Justice Department is looking into an alleged "  pattern ... of discrimination " Two sheriff stations are being investigated , in the cities of Lancaster and Palmdale Deputies allegedly sought to identify public housing residents during routine traffic stops The two cities have seen explosive growth among Latinos and African-Americans
CNN  -- Who shot J.R. ? Why is zombie Bobby taking a shower ? And can Texans really pull off a cowboy hat with a suit ? A new incarnation of the groundbreaking television saga that raised these questions will return to TNT June 13 . The new series is n't just a remake ; it 's a continuation of the original , which means that television 's most notorious family is back in the Big D . But the city has changed a lot since we last checked in with J.R. and company . For instance , it lost a lot of oil derricks and gained a few modern marvels , including a signature bridge and a stadium that rivals the construction of the Death Star . Women 's hairstyles are n't as high and neither are the peaks of 10-gallon Stetsons . The Dallas Cowboys are now a source of great embarrassment and the Texas Rangers are the pride of the metroplex . But that 's not to say there is n't still plenty of the unapologetic glam and high-society Western culture celebrated in the show 's original 14 seasons . The Ewing clan would feel just as at home in today 's Dallas as they did during the series ' heyday . Here are a few spots where you just might run into them . ` Dallas ' vs. Dallas : Where TV stops and reality begins Five Sixty by Wolfgang Puck at Reunion Tower Built in 1978 , the same year "  Dallas " premiered on CBS , Reunion Tower served as Dallas ' most iconic building for three decades before the "  Big Ball " underwent a much-needed makeover . Now Reunion Tower boasts one of the finest dining experiences in Dallas , with a 560-foot-high revolving restaurant and an Asian fusion menu crafted by celebrity chef Wolfgang Puck . Summer Travel : World 's best affordable beach resorts Adair 's Saloon J.R. would n't be caught dead in this dive bar that 's covered floor to ceiling in graffiti , photos , stickers , neon lights and mounted horns . But a younger Ewing would feel right at home at Adair 's , where you 're likely to see just as many businessmen as you do cowboys . The 49-year-old honky tonk features some of the best burgers in Dallas and live music almost every night  usually of the country and western persuasion  , and you 're more than welcome to join the trove of two-steppers , whether you 're wearing designer or dungarees . Highland Park Village Bang & Olufsen , Harry Winston , Diane von Furstenberg , Hermes , Stella McCartney , Chanel , and Christian Louboutin are just a few of the high-end shopping options available at this 20,000-square-foot outdoor mall . You might find one of the Ewing boys shopping for a $ 130,000 rifle at the Beretta Gallery , or a soon-to-be Mrs. Ewing picking out an Oscar de la Renta wedding dress at Warren BarrÃ ³ n Bridal . Summer Travel : Secret hotels of Florida 's Gulf Coast Southfork Ranch Of course , the Ewings would be nothing without the world-renowned Southfork Ranch . The home base of Dallas ' most famous TV dynasty actually sits just outside the city , in Parker , Texas . The Ranch is still alive and well , and has served as a tourist destination and an event and conference center since the '80s . Many of Dallas ' most elite soirees are held on the property , including the Cattle Baron 's Ball , which draws in thousands of guests donning their finest Western attire . South Side on Lamar This time around the Ewings are spending about as much time around Dallas ' South Side as they are around Southfork . Members of the cast and crew stayed in the South Side on Lamar , a loft apartment building that lures creative spirits and young professionals , and provides the city 's best views of the Dallas skyline . Many of the scenes were also filmed in South Side , which originally served as the home of the historic Sears , Roebuck & Co. 's Catalog Merchandise Center . Margot and Bill Winspear Opera House Dallas ' new stunning , state-of-the-art opera house is the most prestigious venue in the world that warmly welcomes cowboy boots . Eager to promote culture in North Texas , Margot and Bill Winspear donated $ 42 million with a vision of promoting great opera to help Dallas become a top international city . Located in the AT&T Performing Arts Center , the opera house has certainly upped the city 's cultural cred . In 2010 , the Winspear hosted Dallas ' first opera premiere , with Jake Heggie 's "  Moby-Dick , " and with each new show , the venue has continued to help fulfill the Winspears ' dream . Saint Ann Restaurant & Bar "  Dallas " veteran Linda Gray  Sue Ellen Ewing  and newcomer Jordana Brewster  Elena Ramos  were spotted filming at this minimalist Uptown restaurant set in an old Catholic school house , the first in the city to teach Hispanic children . With a chalkboard wall , notebook-paper menus and original beams sitting below glass flooring , you wo n't soon forget the trendy restaurant 's past life . But history is n't all Saint Ann has to offer -- the eatery also features the city 's largest patio garden and one of the longest pre-seat waiting periods . So be sure to make a reservation . Rosewood Mansion on Turtle Creek For starters , it 's so elegant it 's known simply as The Mansion . It 's also the most historic and elite hotel in Dallas , and the bar and restaurant are no exception . The Mansion Bar 's recent renovation enhanced the den 's club ambiance , with cognac-colored leather walls covered in fine art and shelves filled with leather-bound books . You half-expect to see J.R. sitting out on the terrace overlooking Turtle Creek , sipping on his signature Bourbon and Branch cocktail . Summer Travel : Getting away , celebrity style Like CNN , TNT is a division of Turner Broadcasting . Have you been to Dallas ? Where do you hang out ? Share your tips for visitors below .	New incarnation of ` Dallas ' debuts June 13 The city has changed a lot since the original show premiered in 1978 There 's still plenty of unapologetic glam fit for the Ewings
Islambad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari will pardon a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy , the governor of Punjab state told CNN Tuesday . "  What basically he 's made it clear is that she 's not going to be a victim of this law , " Gov. Salman Taseer told CNN International 's "  Connect the World " program . "  I mean , he 's a liberal , modern-minded president and he 's not going to see a poor woman like this targeted and executed . ... It 's just not going to happen , " Taseer said . Asia Bibi , who has been jailed for nearly 15 months , was convicted in a Pakistani court earlier this month of breaking the country 's controversial blasphemy law by insulting Islam 's Prophet Mohammed , a crime punishable with death or life imprisonment , according to Pakistan 's penal code . She was sentenced to death . She has filed a petition for mercy with the High Court , Taseer said . "  If the High Court suspends the sentence and gives her bail then that is fine . We 'll see that , and if that does n't happen , then the president will pardon her , " he said . A preliminary investigation showed Bibi was falsely accused , a government official said Monday . "  The president asked me to investigate her case and my preliminary findings show she is innocent and the charges against her are baseless , " Pakistani Minister for Minority Affairs Shahbaz Bhatti told CNN . Bhatti emphasized Monday that he has reached only preliminary conclusions and will submit a final report Wednesday to Zardari 's office . Prosecutors say Bibi , a 45-year-old field worker , insulted the Prophet Mohammed after she got into a heated argument with Muslim co-workers who refused to drink from a bucket of water she had touched . In a brief news conference at the prison where she 's being held , Bibi said Saturday that the allegations against her are lies fabricated by a group of women who do n't like her . "  We had some differences and this was their way of taking revenge , " she said . Bibi 's death sentence sparked outrage among human rights groups , who condemned Pakistan 's blasphemy law as a source of violence and persecution against religious minorities . CNN 's Luke Henderson and Ravi Agrawal contributed to this report .	The High Court should release Asia Bibi , Punjab 's governor tells CNN She was sentenced to death for insulting Islam 's Prophet Mohammed "  She 's not going to be a victim of this law , " Gov. Salman Taseer says
CNN  -- The popular site Twitter crashed again on Wednesday morning . The microblogging site was down for about an hour and a half , with service restored at about 8 a.m. ET . During the outage , the site 's users saw an "  extremely high volume of whales , " the company said in a blog post . When Twitter breaks , a cartoon whale -- nicknamed a "  fail whale " -- pops up on computer screens instead of the functioning site . The fail whale has become an iconic symbol for Twitter , and a way for the company to try to embrace and make light of its shortcomings . "  A sudden failure coupled with problems in switching to a backup system produced a high number of errors for around 90 minutes , " Twitter wrote in a post to its status blog . "  This made the site largely inaccessible . No data was lost or compromised during this outage . " Wednesday 's down time was the first major outage at Twitter since it and other sites were attacked in early August , according to reports . "  Reliability has been an ongoing project for Twitter as the service has scaled up to handle growing traffic , " Rich Miller wrote on the blog Data Center Knowledge . Mashable 's Ben Parr wrote that news from Haiti may have contributed . "  What exactly took down the microblogging service , we do n't know  some speculate that a wave of tweets due to this morning 's 6.1 earthquake in Haiti could be partly responsible  , " he wrote . On Twitter , some users made light of the situation after service was restored . " @BillGates joined the twitterverse , " one user wrote . "  Rough seas out here , I hope the Fail Whale wo n't eat him :P :D " Twitter , a Web site where users post 140-character messages to their public followers , was founded in May 2007 . It grew at breakneck pace last year and experienced a number of outages as a result . Some online writers have speculated that the Web site 's traffic has started to slow or decline in recent weeks . In a Twitter post on January 12 , company CEO Evan Williams wrote that the site continues to grow . "  Across all metrics that matter , yesterday was Twitter 's highest-usage day ever .  And today will be bigger .  , " he wrote .	The popular site Twitter crashed on Wednesday morning During the crash viewers saw an "  extremely high volume of whales " A cartoon whale appears on the site when it has service issues Reports say this is the first big crash for Twitter since an attack in August
CNN  -- What would we lose if we lost 220,000 postal jobs  120,000 proposed through layoffs , 100,000 through attrition  , 3,700 post offices , 300 mail processing plants , or even the post office itself ? With millions of jobs and businesses lost to the recent recession , these may seem like just more numbers , or more seemingly inevitable "  facts " -- that in the electronic age we now rely on the private sector to deliver public services . But postal workers are people we depend on and post offices are places we want to know will always be there . Downsizing the U.S Postal Service - - which is so low on money , it 's in imminent danger of default -- may seem like a ripple in this troubled economy , but it promises to be a social tsunami if action is n't taken soon to save it . For one thing , the postal service has been a huge employer . Before I became a history professor I carried mail for the Postal Service for 20 years . As with many government jobs , you 're hired for this one based on achieving a high score on a competitive exam . Veterans , roughly 20 % of today 's postal workforce  though once well over 50 %  earn extra points on this exam , thus giving them a head start and a job to come home to after military service . Who were my co-workers ? Just everyday people who , like me in 1980 , were attracted to a job that had good benefits , job security , and started at $ 8.10 an hour . This was as a result of the 1970 nationwide postal wildcat strike that began in New York after postal workers declared they were tired of earning $ 2.95 an hour and having to work a second job or collect food stamps to make ends meet . In collecting oral histories for a book I later wrote on the postal service , I interviewed those who had worked before 1970 , including those who struck . The postal worker 's job could include processing mail as clerks and mail handlers , delivering it as letter carriers , driving it as truck drivers , and as maintenance workers keeping up the vehicles , buildings , and grounds . Above all , postal workers were proud of having a career serving the public . The job allowed many to move into the ranks of middle-class wage earners , where they were able to buy homes and send their children to college . But they were also members of extended families and community networks . Many started small businesses on the side , adopted foster children , were active in civic organizations , or enrolled in college classes . Their jobs mattered to communities . Postal jobs have especially played a key role in black community development . The post office has long been one of the largest employers of African-Americans . Even as they faced discrimination at other jobs , many found work there with college degrees or military service under their belts . By 1970 , they had become twice as likely as whites to work for the post office , and even before the wage bump that year , the job had afforded them a middle-class status and the ability to accumulate wealth . Today the nation relies on a vast mailing industry that operates primarily for profit . But that network is underpinned by the U.S. Postal Service -- a self-supporting quasi-corporate government agency that remains committed to universal service by constitutional and congressional mandate . Many Americans may not realize that it was the Post Office that pioneered parcel post in 1916 in response to the overpriced , poor , and inconsistent service disaster that was private package delivery . Or that the USPS came up with the concept of overnight mail and zip codes that UPS and FedEx rely on so heavily in their business . Many do n't make the connection that e-commerce not only competes with but also generates U.S. mail . Or that during the turn of this century -- the Postal Service 's peak years of revenue and mail handling -- it was common to hear competitors and political ideologues calling for the agency 's privatization , while at the same time blocking USPS innovations like the proposed 1997 Global Postal Link program to help expedite parcels through customs . Or that the post office is the victim of an artificial deficit created by the 2006 Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act , signed by President George W. Bush , which forces the Postal Service to pre-fund its retiree health benefits 75 years into the future over the next 10 years . What should have been annual revenue surpluses for the Postal Service over the last decade have instead contributed to nightmare annual deficits as it is forced to pay $ 5.5 billion a year out of operating funds to satisfy this unnecessary and devastating mandate . . We lose more than numbers when we lose postal jobs and post offices , or even the existence of a universal postal service . We lose more than just people committed to providing service , but also people engaged with their communities . People able to consume goods that others produce to help drive local economies . We would also lose the promise of jobs in the future that provide what has become a more dependable service over two centuries since the founding of this country  the post office was started in 1775  . An alternative to this loss ? People could demand that Congress treat the Postal Service as a venerable American institution worthy of fulfilling its enduring mandate , for which it has recruited generations of skilled and dedicated professional government employees . A good start would be H.R. 1351 , introduced by Rep. Stephen Lynch , D-Massachusetts , a bill that would at least allow the Postal Service to transfer surplus pension funds to satisfy the retiree health plan pre-fund requirement . And that pre-fund requirement ultimately needs to be repealed to keep the Postal Service from running off the rails . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philip F. Rubio	Philip Rubio says the U.S. Postal Service threatened by major cuts or even closure He says post office represents people , places we rely on ; cuts will have huge effect in U.S. He says it 's a major employer , innovator and fulcrum of national communications system Rubio : Congress must assume responsibilty for finding a way for postal service to stay afloat
CNN  In one month Nigerians will vote in what may be the country 's most competitive and contentious elections yet . But this important process will take place in the shadow of a worsening threat -- Boko Haram , the Islamist insurgent group otherwise known as Jama'atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda'awati wal-Jihad , which killed as many as 2,000 people in the northeastern town of Baga on January 3 . The attacks of the past few weeks -- Boko Haram 's biggest ever in terms of casualties on Baga , and on markets using children to detonate devices -- have drawn international focus back to the crisis . But such appalling events are not new -- they are an intensification , a next step in a crisis which has steadily worsened since Boko Haram 's 2010 reemergence . And they raise a number of questions about the trajectory of the insurgency and the response to it . Why did Boko Haram take Baga now ? For Boko Haram , taking Baga -- a small town in Nigeria 's Borno State -- closes a gap in its map , fulfills a strategic purpose with its proximity to the border with Chad , where it is reported to have set up camps on islands in Lake Chad , and further bolsters its resources and sense of confidence with a win over a multinational military force . The small town near Lake Chad was home to the base of the Multinational Joint Task Force , comprising troops from Nigeria , Niger and Chad -- but despite the military presence , Baga was surrounded in the country 's northeastern corner by what has become Boko Haram territory . The most recent attack was not the first fighting Baga had seen : in April 2013 nearly 200 people were killed and around 2,000 homes burnt by insurgents and soldiers in attacks and counterattacks , according to Human Rights Watch . Baga was already vulnerable . What do latest attacks say about Boko Haram 's tactics ? The history of Boko Haram is one of ever-expanding extremes . Looking back at the changing situation in the northeast and the nature of Boko Haram 's targets and scale of its attacks , there are events since 2009 that can be seen as markers in the next stage of its evolution -- from the extrajudicial killing of the movement 's founder Mohammed Yusuf in 2009 , to the 2011 suicide attack on police headquarters in Abuja , to the 2013 introduction of the state of emergency in three northeastern states , to last year 's killing of schoolboys and abduction of the Chibok schoolgirls . The scale of the killings in Baga and the reported use of children , perhaps as young as ten , to carry and detonate bombs is Boko Haram further pushing the boundaries of what it will do . The indiscriminate ferocity of its killings is n't necessarily all about tactics . There still is n't a clear picture of what happened at Baga and who did the killing -- the age , the motivation , the state of mind of what may have been militants , conscripts or armed and terrified child combatants . What is clear is that Boko Haram kills because it can and because it 's likely those who are not core loyalists or ideologues are expendable resources for the movement . Whereas previously its attacks had been in revenge for some grievance or focused on the Nigerian state , it has become much harder to explain its targets and identify its endgame . Is Nigeria doing enough ? The 7th Division of the Nigerian army has been struggling to respond effectively to an insurgency that abducts and uses civilians , that is well equipped with captured military hardware and that knows the terrain of the region better than a federal force which comprises troops unfamiliar with the context , people and language in the northeast . The overstretch of this force is showing . There are many potential reasons for this overstretch -- from lack of clear directive , to lack of equipment and training . Many also cite corruption : billions of dollars have been spent as a result of the insurgency , but it is not clear what proportion of this has been spent in or on the fight in Borno State . The federal government has been silent on or has had a delayed response to many attacks and key developments during this crisis . As criticism increases of the federal government for its handling of the threat , which has gotten worse over the years , a lack of or confused messaging only bolsters perceptions that it sees the situation in the northeast as peripheral or as a conspiracy to discredit President Goodluck Jonathan and his administration . Is the international community doing enough ? Boko Haram is a Nigerian movement that is mostly targeting Nigerians . Nigeria 's federal government and security agencies have the responsibility for resolving this crisis in cooperation with regional and international actors , who look to the Nigerian government and forces to lead and coordinate . Nigeria 's international partners offered assistance in training , advice and technical support , and some of this was accepted after the Chibok abductions of April 2014 and amid the international outcry that followed . The international community could do more to speak with one voice and coordinate better amongst itself to galvanize further and faster action in Nigeria , back those agencies and actors which are making progress , and identify gaps for greater support . An immediate priority is humanitarian relief and energies need to be focused on how to get essential help to internally displaced people and refugees . Will the latest attacks affect next month 's election ? The attack in itself is unlikely to have an effect on the outcome of the elections , but security and law and order are a primary concern for all Nigerians . Some voters -- not all -- will assess Goodluck Jonathan 's performance as president since 2011 through his handling of the Boko Haram crisis . What kind of threat does Boko Haram pose regionally now ? Despite increased attacks in northern Cameroon and growing concern in southern Niger and western Chad , it is not clear that Boko Haram would seek immediately to open new fronts in this conflict by taking on the armies of Chad and Niger . As Nigeria 's army pushes back , Boko Haram may continue to look across borders for refuge . The war economy of the northeast is also poorly understood ; it is possible that these border regions are important in order for Boko Haram to sustain itself as the economy in the northeast declines as farming and fishing have become impossible . Should the West be worried ? The West -- and others -- should be worried because of the human cost of the Boko Haram crisis and the legacy this violence will leave . With a few exceptions , Boko Haram has not attacked western targets ; its focus is Nigeria . But Nigeria is Africa 's largest economy , democracy and producer of crude oil -- it is important to the stability and economy of the region . African leaders and Nigeria 's international partners should also be worried if a more effective response is not forthcoming from Nigeria , and if Boko Haram seeks to start pushing south and west in the country . In the immediate term , it is crucial that the Nigerian military protects state capitals in the northeast and that Nigeria holds credible elections in a month 's time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Boko Haram massacred as many as 2,000 people in Baga , Nigeria on January 3 Donnelly : Taking Baga helps group consolidate control in northeast Nigeria Donnelly : Group 's tactics are unclear ; Boko Haram kills because it can
CNN  -- The destruction that Superstorm Sandy inflicted on 13-year-old Ryan Panetta and his home has taken six months to be complete . In the end , it was n't the wind and water that did in his house in Broad Channel , New York . It was the claws of a giant excavator , sent this week by the city to demolish the home his entire family had been laboring nights to rebuild since Sandy struck . "  I would want to be here to see it but I did n't know it was going to be so tough , " said Ryan as machinery crushed the home he had lived in since birth , where he was raised along with his two brothers and little sister . The neighbors , seeing a bit of what may lie in their future , hugged each of them silently . One neighbor told them , "  new home , new memories . " Rain sprinkled and a cool , gray sky full of clouds bubbled high above . As the rooms where they 'd celebrated dozens of birthdays and Christmases splintered into piles of wood , the Panettas began to cry . "  I knew it was going to be hard , though , you know ? I knew we could n't live there anymore but this is where I put all my babies ' home to -- and to watch it just being broken down like this is tearing me up , " said Karen Panetta , Ryan 's mom . "  It 's -- the impact of Sandy -- we 're reliving it every single day for the last six months . Every home we ca n't go back to -- a place we called home , we relive it . Every day . " Sandy developed into a hurricane in October as it crashed through the Caribbean then raked the East Coast of the United States , making landfall near their home as a post-tropical cyclone . It killed more than 180 people in Canada , Cuba , Haiti , Jamaica and the United States . It also contributed to tens of billions of dollars in damages , especially along shoreline communities in New York , New Jersey and parts of Connecticut . Photos : Board by board , Jersey Shore rebuilds CNN has been following this family 's story , but this sudden crash exactly a half year after the day of the storm was unexpected . Ryan had repeatedly told everyone his home would be rebuilt , even if he had to do it with his own young hands . "  We will be back in our home . I 'm sure of it , " he had said . The beginning of the end of 803 Church Street was on October 29 , when the raging water enveloped Broad Channel , an island in Jamaica Bay , while the father , Joe Panetta , was at work . Ryan swam for help . "  I jumped out ... I was n't even thinking that a log would hit me or anything , " Ryan recalled , the memory still vivid . He did n't worry about the danger of electrical power lines in the water , either . His youngest brother , Christian , chokes up recalling how he believed he would drown . Ryan 's mother credits Ryan with saving their lives , but their home was flooded so severely it could n't be occupied . To make matters worse , the rising water of the ocean had met the bay in the nearby Rockaways and Ryan 's school , Scholars ' Academy , was flooded . The city counted 73,000 students displaced by the storm . At the end of the year , Sandy was still eating away at Ryan 's life as the displaced family shared a one-bedroom temporary apartment while mold grew inside their empty home and school and saltwater corroded everything . Ryan commuted two hours to a replacement school . He was one of 5,400 students whose school buildings were not yet repaired . Scholars ' Academy had been looted , needed a new boiler and cleaning was hampered because sewage from a neighboring treatment plant had penetrated the basement and first floor . Some of his teachers and the principal were in temporary housing . Playgrounds in storm areas memorialize Newtown victims Most evenings Ryan had mined hope by going back to his damaged home to join his family pulling out the rotting floor and walls and trying to rebuild while the family navigated insurance settlements , city rebuilding rules , federal assistance and emergency housing . Some nights it was all too much . "  This community was our entire world . We all grew up here . But it 's been very hard on the kids moving from one place to another , not getting enough sleep , not having any of their things or their school . The one thing that 's held together is our family . And we will rebuild this house because we have so many Christmases and birthdays and memories here , " Karen Panetta said in December , standing in a shell that was once their living room . Work on the school also progressed with urgency . "  We need this place to be there for kids like Ryan because they need the consistency , they need one place they can count on , " lamented Principal Brian O'Connell , whose life mirrored Ryan 's as he went from temporary housing to a temporary school , then to oversee the restoration of his Scholars ' Academy and his own home blocks away . Rebuilding NYU 's research labs after Superstorm Sandy By January 14 he had gotten his wish . Ryan and 700 other middle school kids marched back in wearing T-shirts that read "  Scholars ' Strong , Rockaway Resilient . " From the gym floor to the piano in the school auditorium , much had to be repaired or replaced . iPads and other items were lost to looters . Everything else had been replaced . A temporary boiler was chugging away . O'Connell said donations had been overwhelming and the repairs swift , but the emotional toll on his students and faculty was high . Additional counselors had been brought in to provide guidance to the children of the storm . Weekend , early morning and after-school programs were offered to provide academic support . The only smile you can get out of Ryan is when you talk about his school , where the boys ' varsity basketball team made the playoffs for the first time and the girls ' team won the city championship . Scholars ' has a record number of kids entering good high schools and scholarship money and assistance is starting to come in . It 's the one thing that 's been made right . Then in late January , FEMA released new maps covering the areas damaged by Sandy . The maps are used to determine the level of flood risk to an area , which also determines the costs set for federal flood insurance . They can make a difference in people 's decision to rebuild before they even consider whether their construction plans would square with city regulations . According to Dan Watson , FEMA press secretary , the maps had not been revised for Broad Channel since the 1980s ; the new one showed the Panetta home in a V zone . Homes in these zones are "  subject to high-velocity wave action  a 3-foot breaking wave  from the 1 % annual chance coastal flood . " Because of the risk , Zone V is subject to more stringent building requirements than other zones . To the Panettas , that translated into building higher , which also meant more money for flood insurance , even as they are discovering the insurance they had was insufficient to make them whole . Queens families : Power company to blame for homes burned during Sandy "  That 's the way they are -- you pay , pay , pay and then , you know , when it 's time to pay back out , they do n't do it . They 're nickel-and-diming me for everything . And when I say everything I mean everything , " Joe Panetta said as he pointed to a $ 1,000 front door that would be reimbursed at $ 252 . The storm door was $ 360 but was n't covered . They had no insurance on the contents . Frustrated , Joe Panetta insisted the insurance company send an engineer and assess whether the home could be saved . The Panettas have been living in temporary housing with assistance from FEMA since Sandy hit . With engineering reports signaling structural compromises and mortgage payments and rent costs piling up , Joe Panetta pushed the insurance company and the city , which made the decision to demolish . That left the Panettas standing outside this week in matching Broad Channel sweatshirts , a bright green shamrock stamped on the front like a team jersey . Ryan missed a precious school day because he wanted to be there when the house went down , something like sitting by an ailing patient in hospice care . He waited all morning on his street , where the homes looked very much like the beach bungalows they had been for generations , housing the families of New York City 's public employees , like the firefighters , paramedics and police officers whose union stickers and idling service vehicles line the streets . Flags still fluttered from front doors and flowers bloomed in pots . But inside , many of the homes are mostly gutted and several were to come down that day . The city contractors said they have 19 homes to tear down in the neighborhood because of Sandy -- the Panetta 's was just number three . But neighbors gathered with the Panettas to show their support , which is why , the Panetta 's said , they are still determined to rebuild -- right there .	Panetta family gathers with neighbors to watch house razed Family had tried to restore home but ran into problems with insurance money , building code They still remain committed to bringing a new house to their plot of land They have lived for decades on an island in Jamaica Bay that was hit by Superstorm Sandy
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- Clashes broke out in Bahrain on Friday as authorities tried to prevent thousands of opposition supporters converging on a mosque to hear a sermon from the kingdom 's most prominent Shia cleric , Sheikh Isa Qassim . The unrest followed a series of bombings in the capital , Manama , earlier this week , and the government 's decision to strip some 31 opposition activists of their citizenship . Amid the unrest Friday , a teenage boy was knocked over by a car and killed as he crossed a busy road in the area . Sixteen-year-old Ali Abbas Radhi had been detained by police , according to witnesses and his family , and then escaped . They said he was hit by the car as he was pursued . The Ministry of Interior said Radhi was killed as he tried to cross the road , but made no reference to his being arrested . Bahrain strips Shiite activists of citizenship amid unrest The Bahraini opposition is made up largely of the kingdom 's Shiite majority , which has long complained that it is marginalized under the rule of the Sunni al Khalifa dynasty . As the Arab Spring erupted last year , opposition groups twice occupied the island 's famous Pearl Roundabout , until protestors were dispersed in a security crackdown in March 2011 . The opposition had called prayers Friday to support Sheikh Qassim , who has come under attack in pro-government media for meeting the Iranian consul in Bahrain . Authorities summoned the Iranian charge d'affaires in Manama last month to complain about the meeting . A large number of police had sealed off access to the mosque in the village of Diraz . Witnesses say many worshippers abandoned their cars and tried to reach the mosque on foot . Police fired tear gas to prevent people from reaching Diraz , according to witnesses . The Ministry of Interior in a statement said the roads had been closed to prevent "  vandals from outside the area " from gathering , after receiving information that protests were planned . Earlier this week , authorities said the 31 people stripped of their Bahraini nationality had harmed state security . They included three former members of parliament and several opposition figures . A leading cleric , Ayatollah Hussein Al-Najati , also lost his Bahraini nationality . Ayatollah Al-Najati is the representative in Bahrain of Iraq 's Grand Ayatollah Ali al Sistani , whose teachings are widely followed by the island 's Shiite communities . Bahrain says ban on protests is response to rising violence In his sermon Friday , Ayatollah Qassim criticized both the move to deprive Bahrainis of their nationality and bomb explosions this week in Manama , which killed two Indian workers . He also called for only peaceful forms of protest . Attempts at political dialogue between the government and opposition parties have made little progress , and there 's been an uptick in violence in recent weeks . Condemning the bombings , the U.S. State Department said this week that violence had "  claimed the lives of protesters , of security forces , of innocent bystanders . " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the violence "  undercuts the process of national reconciliation that we have strongly been urging on Bahrainis of all stripes . " On Friday Nuland welcomed a declaration of non-violence by six opposition parties . But Ayham Kamel , an analyst with the Eurasia Group , said that "  Shia hardliners that condone the use of violence , such as Haq and the 14 February movement , are likely to use the wave of attacks to reinforce their rising popularity . " Since anti-government protests began in February 2011 , more than 100 civilians and at least six police officers have been killed in sporadic violence .	Prominent Shia cleric Qassim delivered sermon Police reportedly seal off access to mosque Teen boy struck by vehicle during unrest and killed
Atlanta  CNN  -- Authorities have arrested three suspects in the assault of two Delta Air Lines employees who were mugged and beaten on Atlanta 's subway earlier this month . All three suspects live in Atlanta and are being held on charges including aggravated assault , aggravated battery and robbery by force , MARTA police announced Monday . MARTA , or Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority , is the city transit system . The suspects include a 16-year old male whose name is not being released because of his age and two brothers , Zantavious Sanchez Scott , 20 , and Jarquez Scott , 19 , MARTA police said . Transit police said they are continuing their investigation and searching for others who may have been involved . They said they have warrants for at least two other suspects , ages 19 and 14 . "  We are continuing our investigation into this unprovoked and senseless act , " said MARTA Police Chief Wanda Dunham . "  We advise anyone who may have been involved to turn themselves in . We intend to find you and will prosecute you to the full extent of the law . " The attack happened April 16 as the two Delta employees rode a southbound train toward Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport , police have said . As many as 20 to 25 people attacked the two men . One of the victims said teenagers hit him with a soda can before pushing him down and taking his billfold . He reported a cut next to his left eye from the assault . The other Delta employee said he received a cut on the lip and reported nothing stolen . According to accounts from the victims and witnesses , the incident happened shortly after Atlanta police dispersed a large group of young people who had been attending a party at a club near downtown Atlanta . Some of the youths boarded a MARTA train a few blocks away . As the train headed south , several suspects attacked the two Delta employees , and then exited the train at another station , police said . One of the victims said he was not left shaken by the attack . "  I think you have to be vigilant and you have to be careful , but that 's true wherever you go , " said the man , whose name was not released . "  But I 've never felt unsafe on MARTA . I 've ridden it before , and I will ride it again in the future . Actually , I rode it after this happened . "	The suspects are 16 , 19 , and 20 Police have warrants for at least two others , ages 19 and 14 The attack happened April 16 Two Delta employees were beaten and one was mugged
CNN  -- Less than a week after New York became the nation 's sixth state to legalize same-sex marriage , Rhode Island state lawmakers on Wednesday voted in favor of a bill that permits civil unions between gay and lesbian couples . The measure , which passed the state Senate by a count of 21-16 , is widely seen as a compromise intended to provide same-sex couples with added rights and benefits , while also preventing an expanded legal definition of marriage . Gov. Lincoln Chafee , an independent , is expected to sign the bill into law , according to his spokesman , Michael Trainor . If signed , the law would take effect on July 1 , making Rhode Island the fifth state in the union to allow civil unions between same-sex couples . Such unions are currently permitted in New Jersey and Illinois , and will be allowed in Delaware and Hawaii beginning January 1 , 2012 . Three West Coast states -- California , Oregon and Washington -- plus Nevada , also allow for "  comprehensive domestic partnerships , " largely considered an equivalent to their civil union counterparts . Despite robust opposition to the measure , Rhode Island 's Senate Judiciary Committee approved the bill by a vote of 7-4 , sending it to the Democrat-controlled Senate floor where lawmakers voted in its favor , according to Senate spokesman , Greg Pare . The legislation , which passed overwhelmingly in the state 's lower house on May 19 , affords same-sex couples a host of new state tax breaks , health-care benefits and greater ease of inheritance . But it also drew sharp criticism from religious leaders and opposition groups who say it will lead to court-ordered action that would eventually legalize same-sex marriage . Similar legal action in Connecticut and Massachusetts resulted in those states adopting same-sex marriage laws , noted Christopher Plante , executive director of the National Organization for Marriage 's Rhode Island chapter . Chafee -- who is supportive of potential legislation that legalizes same-sex marriage -- says civil unions are "  a step in the right direction , " according to Trainor . Meanwhile , gay rights activists -- like Marriage Equality Rhode Island -- say that while they support the civil union bill , they would prefer legislation that permits same-sex couples to wed. . The group urged Chafee not to sign the measure if it includes a House amendment that permits groups with religious affiliations to refuse certain legal rights provided to civil unions . For instance , a hospital with a religious affiliation could refuse a civil union partner from being involved in the emergency medical care decisions of their spouse if it chose to do so , said Ray Sullivan , a spokesman for the activist group . Chafee is "  very aware of the concerns that have been expressed , " Trainor said , but will likely sign the bill into law , which passed the Senate with the controversial amendment included . House spokesman Larry Berman called the issue a "  red herring , " pursued by the state 's more radical activists . The exemption , he said , is meant to provide religious protections against potential litigation . "  It 's a small exception , " Berman said , when compared to the slew of new rights and benefits same-sex couples would enjoy should the measure be signed into law . Currently , Rhode Island and Maine are the only states in New England that do not permit same-sex marriage . Last week , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo a signed a bill that legalizes same-sex marriage , more than doubling the number of Americans living in states that permit such unions . The measure will take effect on July 24 , providing gay and lesbian couples with new rights that include employer health benefits , easier inheritance and a host of state tax breaks . Federal recognition , however , was not a part of Friday 's vote , leaving benefits like Social Security and ease of immigration largely out of reach for same-sex couples . The controversial bill passed New York 's Republican-controlled Senate before reaching Cuomo 's desk , in an extended legislative session that left many skeptical over whether lawmakers would bring the measure to a vote . Iowa and the District of Columbia also allow gay and lesbian couples to wed. .	NEW : Senate passes bill that permits civil unions between gay and lesbian couples NEW : If signed by Gov. Lincoln Chafee , the law would take effect on July 1 Civil unions are currently permitted in New Jersey , Illinois , Delaware and Hawaii
Brunei has become the first East Asian country to adopt sharia law , despite widespread condemnation from international human rights groups . The Islamic criminal law is set to include punishments such as flogging , dismemberment and death by stoning for crimes such as rape , adultery and sodomy . The religious laws will operate alongside the existing civil penal code . During a ceremony Wednesday morning , the Sultan of Brunei , Hassanal Bolkiah , announced the commencement of the first phase of the sharia-based penal code , according to the government 's official website . The oil-rich kingdom , located on the island of Borneo , has a population of just 412,000 people . The country already follows a more conservative Islamic rule than neighboring Muslim-dominated countries like Indonesia and Malaysia , and has implemented strict religiously-motivated laws , such as the banning of the sale of alcohol . Stringent laws In response to the new set of laws , human rights group Amnesty International said that it will "  take the country back to the dark ages . " "  It  the law  makes a mockery of the country 's international human rights commitments and must be revoked immediately , " Amnesty 's regional deputy director Rupert Abbott said in a statement released after the announcement . Most parts of the new Islamic code will apply to both Muslims and non-Muslims , affecting people from the Christian and Buddhist communities . Around 70 percent of people in Brunei are Malay Muslims , while the remainder of the population are of Chinese or other ethnic descent . The Sultan , who is also the Prime Minister , first announced the law in October 2013 . As per its provisions , sexual offenses such as rape , adultery and sodomy will be considered punishable acts for Muslims . Consensual sex between homosexuals will also be criminalized , with death by stoning the prescribed punishment . In announcing the implementation of sharia law , the government website quoted the Sultan as saying that his government "  does not expect other people to accept and agree with it , but that it would suffice if they just respect the nation in the same way that it also respects them . " Widespread condemnation LGBT advocacy groups in Asia have voiced their opposition to Brunei 's implementation of sharia law . "  It may open the floodgates for further human rights violations against women , children , and other people on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity , " officials from the Asia Pacific Coalition on Male Sexual Health  APCOM  and Islands of South East Asian Network on Male and Transgender Sexual Health  ISEAN  , said in a joint statement released last week . The United Nations has also publicly condemned the move . "  Under international law , stoning people to death constitutes torture or other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment and is thus clearly prohibited , " Rupert Colville , spokesperson for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said in a press briefing in Geneva last month . Anti-women provisions He further expressed concerns about the implementation of sharia law 's impact on women . "  A number of UN studies have revealed that women are more likely to be sentenced to death by stoning , due to deeply entrenched discrimination and stereotyping against them . " More than 40,000 people have attended briefing sessions organized by the government in the last four months to understand the provisions under the new Islamic criminal law , the country 's religious affairs minister said during a ceremony to mark the laws ' implementation .	Brunei has become the first East Asian country to adopt sharia law The sharia-based penal code will eventually include death by stoning International human rights groups have publicly condemned the move
CNN  -- Gai Waterhouse made history on Tuesday by becoming the first female Australian trainer to win the Melbourne Cup , the country 's most prestigious horse race . Waterhouse saw her pre-race favorite Fiorente fend off competition from 2011 runner-up Red Cadeaux to win "  the race that stops a nation . " "  Everyone wants to win the majors and the Melbourne Cup is the biggest one of them all , " said Waterhouse , who was born in Scotland , raised in Sydney and once appeared in British sci-fi television show Doctor Who during her earlier career as an actress after returning to the UK . "  It 's a burning desire so today was fantastic ... His  Fiorente 's  preparation was in Melbourne and I knew he was primed for the occasion . "  It 's the first time I 've had the favorite in the 20 years I 've trained . " Victorious jockey Damien Oliver won the Flemington race for the third time in his career , despite only recently returning from a 10-month ban imposed for betting on a rival horse in 2010 . "  It 's amazing , a dream come true . It 's really hard to believe , " said Oliver . "  I 'm so rapt right now that I 've been part of Gai 's first win -- she 's done so much for racing and it 's a great honor for me to help her bring up the first one . "  Gai was one of the first people to really get behind me when I came back and I ca n't thank her enough for helping me get going again . " After her historic win , Waterhouse was asked about the possibility of taking both Fiorente and her other horse Tres Blue , which finished in 22nd place , across to Britain for Royal Ascot in August 2014 . "  I 'd like to go , " she replied . "  Both horses could easily come back to Europe . Tres Blue was just a bit new to it all . " Retired English football star Michael Owen saw Brown Panther , a horse he bred and co-owns , finish the race in eighth position . Brown Panther was hampered by a gash it sustained during the race after a coming together with another horse , but Owen confirmed the animal had suffered no serious injuries . "  Eighth out of 24 pretty respectable , " Owen said via his official Twitter account . "  Proud of him . Just hope he is OK as he has been struck into during the race . " "  Scan has come back clear , " Owen added later . "  Only superficial gash that requires stitches . We live to fight another day ! "	Favorite Fiorente wins the Melbourne Cup at Flemington Tuesday The horse makes Gai Waterhouse the first Australian female trainer to win the race Fiorente beat off competition from 2011 runner-up Red Cadeaux Ex-footballer Michael Owen 's horse Brown Panther finished eighth
CNN  -- Are you addicted to your phone ? According to recent research sponsored by SecurEnvoy , an internet security firm , more people feel anxious and tense when they are out of reach of their phone -- and the younger they are , the more likely the stress . Known as "  nomophobia , " or "  no mobile-phone phobia , " a recent online survey of 1,000 people in the UK found that almost two thirds  66 %  of respondents were afflicted , a rise of 11 % when compared to a similar study four years ago . "  Some people get panic attacks when they are not with their phones , " said Michael Carr-Gregg , an adolescent psychologist working in Melbourne . "  Others become very anxious and make all endeavors to locate the mobile phone . I have clients who abstain from school or their part-time jobs to look for their phones when they can not find them in the morning . " CNN Photos : De-Vice : Our mobile addiction According to the survey , the younger you are , the more prone you are to nomophobia . The youngest age group  18 -24  tops the nomophobic list at 77 % , which is 11 % more than that of the next group -- those aged 25-34 . "  This is the most tribal generation of young people , " said Carr-Gregg . "  Adolescents want to be with their friends on a 24-hour basis . " Women are also more likely to be unnerved by cell phone separation , with 70 % of respondents reporting the malady compared to 61 % of men . Andy Kemshall , the CTO and co founder of secure Envoy , believes that may be because men are more likely to have two phones and are less likely to misplace both -- 47 % of men carry two phones , compared to only 33 % of women . Major drivers of nomophobia include boredom , loneliness , and insecurity , said Carr-Gregg , while some young nomophobes can not bear solitude . "  Many of my clients go to bed with their mobile phones while sleeping just like how one will have the teddy bear in the old days , " he said . "  While teddy does n't communicate , the phone does , " said Carr-Gregg , adding insomnia to the list of potential problems . "  This reduced the amount of time to reflect , " he said . "  Some kids can not entertain themselves . The phone has become our digital security blanket . " As smartphone penetration spreads across the globe , so does nomophobia . On a visit to Singapore in February this year , Carr-Gregg spoke to students from a peer support group at the United World College and identified similar problems . "  There is no doubt that nomophobia is international , " he said . " -LSB- But -RSB- without phones , there will not be nomophobia . " Meanwhile , Indian researchers have also evaluated mobile phone dependence among students at M.G.M. Medical College and the associated hospital of central India . India , after China , is the second largest mobile phone market in the world . The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India  TRAI  reported that there were 884.37 million mobile connections in India as of November , while China had 963.68 million . The cross-sectional study , published by the Indian Journal of Community Medicine three years ago , recruited 200 medical students and scholars . About one in five students were nomophobic , results showed . The study claimed that the mobile phone has become "  a necessity because of the countless perks that a mobile phone provides like personal diary , email dispatcher , calculator , video game player , camera and music player . " "  There is an increase in the nomophobic population in India because the number of mobile phone users has increased , " said Dr. Sanjay Dixit , one the researchers and the head of the Indian Journal of Community Medicine . "  We are currently doing another research on mobile phone dependency , it 's not published yet , but analysis shows that about 45 % of the Indian population , not just medical students , is nomophobic . " With the augmented ownership and usage of smartphones among adolescents , Dixit says the young population is more at risk , partly because they can access the Internet through phones more easily , increasing the time spent on phones . "  We found out that people who use mobile phones for more than three hours a day have a higher chance of getting nomophobia , " he said , warning this can pose potential dangers . Accidents lurk while nomophobes fix their attention on phones . According to Dixit , up to 25 % nomophobes reported accidents while messaging or talking on the phone , which includes minor road accidents , falling while going upstairs or downstairs and stumbling while walking . More than 20 % also reported pain in the thumbs due to excessive texting . "  One could look at this as a form of addiction to the phone , " said Eric Yu Hai Chen , a psychiatrist and professor at The University of Hong Kong . "  The fear is part of the addiction . The use of hand phone has some features that predispose this activity to addiction , similar to video games , naming , easy access . " To tackle anxiety and accidents induced by phones , Dixit suggests switching off the phone , especially while driving . "  People can also carry a charger all the time , " he said . "  Our study shows that the no-battery-situation upsets nomophobes the most . "  People can also prepay phone cards for emergency calls and credit balance in phones to ensure a constant and functioning network , " he said . Other solutions include supplying friends with an alternate contact number and storing important phone numbers somewhere else as backups . "  Enforcing a period when handset is turned off can help loosen its hold over everyday life , " said Dixit . Sometimes , the problem can even be the cure . "  One of my clients actually makes use mobile phone apps to deal with anxiety , " said Carr-Gregg . "  It 's called iCounselor Anxiety . " The launch of the app presents users with a scale to rate their anxiety levels from 1 to 10 , where 10 is "  panicked . " After choosing the level , ten recommendations of calming activities will be suggested , followed by instructions to change the user 's thoughts , so to change subsequent feelings . "  It is almost like having a psychologist in your phone , " said Carr-Gregg . Prevalent it may be , nomophobia , however , is not yet a qualified phobia . "  Nomophobia is not included in the DSM -LSB- Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -RSB- yet , " said Dixit . "  But it is an up coming problem . For the first time on this continent -LSB- India -RSB- , we are trying to make it more scientific , " he added , referring to his undergoing research on nomophobic India .	According to a recent survey by an internet security firm , more people are "  nomophobic " Nomophobia is an unreasonable level of fear when out of mobile phone contact In the UK survey , almost two thirds of respondents were afflicted The survey found young people are more likely to suffer from phone anxiety
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's King Juan Carlos was recovering Friday after being readmitted to a Madrid hospital for surgery on his right hip , the Royal Palace said . An update on the 74-year-old king 's condition is expected later in the day , according to the palace . The surgery was performed Thursday at San Jose Hospital to "  reduce a dislocation " of the hip , a palace statement said . He underwent hip replacement surgery earlier this month after falling while on a controversial private hunting trip in Botswana . The African trip caused an outcry in Spain and abroad for its expense during the nation 's economic crisis and for including the hunting of elephants . Last week , the king made a rare apology over the trip , saying he had made a mistake which would not happen again . Spaniards generally hold the king in high regard for his service to the nation and his defense of democracy after the death of the dictator Francisco Franco in 1975 -- especially the king 's decisive stand to halt a right-wing military coup in 1981 . But after news emerged of the expensive hunting trip , with widespread Spanish media reports that it included the hunting of elephants , even normally-staunch political allies of the monarch said publicly that they considered the timing of the trip a mistake . The criticism of the trip initially focused on the expensive safari in the midst of the nation 's deep crisis , with 23 % unemployment , 5 million Spaniards out of work , and the government applying austerity cuts and tax increases to make up for budget shortfalls . The king himself had previously expressed his concern over the impact of the crisis on Spaniards and called on the nation to come together to get through the tough times . The royal household has a budget of 8.26 million euros  $ 10.8 million  this year , 2 % less than last year , and had recently announced cuts of about $ 222,000 , including trimming salaries of the highest-paid staffers at the royal palace . Some critics also wondered how much public money was spent for security on the king 's private trip . Animal rights activists also voiced criticism , as reports emerged that the king was hunting elephants . At least one photo , said to be from an earlier trip , showed the king , rifle in hand , standing in front of a dead elephant . It was widely published in Spanish media , which said it was taken from the website of an African safari outfitter , and that the photo was later removed from the company 's site . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	King Juan Carlos is readmitted to a hospital in Madrid for surgery on his hip The 74-year-old monarch injured his hip in a fall while on a private hunting trip in Africa The trip has caused controversy because of its cost and because it included elephant hunting The king had hip replacement surgery earlier this month
CNN  -- I feel incredibly lucky to have the health and the years needed to run a marathon in each of the 50 states . When I was first diagnosed with multiple myeloma nine years ago , only half of newly diagnosed patients survived more than five years . Since then , I 've run 70 marathons , the most recent in Hawaii , my 50th state . Hot , exhausted , sore , bent a little to the right , and walking a lot , I finally trotted across that finish line in Honolulu . I 'm sure I had a big grin on my face because it was the end of a long quest , the completion of which was never a certainty . There are more people who climb Mount Everest each year than there are runners who finish 50 states of marathons . I remember laughing a little , feeling a mixture of joy and relief , as I limped to the table where I could pick up my finisher 's shirt and medal . I did n't dare sit down at first , afraid that my muscles would cramp up -- I had to keep walking for a few minutes at least . Everything was sore . But muscles recover , and I was soon off to the other events of the day : an interview , then to collect my wife and daughter  who also ran the full marathon  . We checked out of the hotel and hustled to catch a plane , where I could finally relax . Sleep came easily , even on the plane . ` American Idol ' favorite overcomes Tourette 's , Asperger 's Since then , the 50 States Marathon Club has accepted my documentation , so I 'm a certified "  50 Stater . " It 's done and official . Right now I 'm savoring the temporary freedom from goals and running just for the joy of it . One big reason that I can run with myeloma is a drug called pomalidomide . It 's just a little red pill that I take every night . It does n't cure the cancer but has kept it at bay for almost five years , without the severe side effects and clinic visits of regular chemotherapy . It 's a miracle drug for me . A cookbook for cancer treatment When I started taking pomalidomide , it was an investigational drug , not yet approved by the Food and Drug Administration . I wish that life-saving experimental drugs such as it could be much more widely available to people whose lives are threatened by illness . Happily , pomalidomide has been approved by the FDA and will be available to those who need it soon , marketed under the name Pomalyst . It has the potential to do for thousands more what it has done for me . We do n't know what 's next for us yet , but whatever it is we 'll continue to do it as a family . My wife and daughter have 48 states , including their marathons and their half-marathons , so we 'll certainly run in their remaining states , Virginia and Massachusetts . And whatever we do , it will be in support of worthy charities . Live one day at a time and make it a masterpiece . See more from the Human Factor series	Don Wright finished his goal of running 50 marathons in 50 states last month His last race was in Honolulu , which he ran with his daughter Wright says an experimental drug has helped him keep his cancer at bay
CNN  -- A 15-year-old Connecticut boy who shot and killed himself last week with the family shotgun had sustained years of bullying , friends said Monday . Bart Palosz committed suicide August 27 after attending the first day of his sophomore year at Greenwich High School in Greenwich , Connecticut . Friends who knew Bart , a Polish immigrant , told CNN he was the target of bullies due to his size -- the teen was 6 feet , 3 inches tall -- and Polish accent . The friends described him as "  a little awkward in his body " but said he was a "  giant sweetheart " who related more with adults than his peers . Lisa Johnson 's 13-year-old son Izzy was good friends with Bart and the Palosz family . She gave one of several eulogies at his funeral Friday , saying , "  Bart was one of the kindest kids I had ever met . ... It was a life-changing friendship for Izzy . Bart was two years older , and he was so kind , funny , and refreshingly different from any kid Izzy had ever been around . Our family is absolutely devastated by the loss of Bart in our lives . " "  He 's always been a quirky kid ... really sweet but really awkward . And that 's also why he and Izzy clicked so well . Even though they were different , they were similar in their manner . They were a little outside of the lines , " Johnson said . Facebook may face prosecution over bullied teenager 's suicide in Italy Johnson confirmed to CNN that Bart had indeed been bullied for years and said that his family had done everything they could to inform the school district of the situation . Kim Eves , communications director for the Greenwich School District , said the district is "  looking at the entire history in his experiences in our school that is an ongoing investigation . " "  He was a very quiet kid -- truly one of the nicest people I ever met in my life . I never once heard him say anything bad about anybody else . He was just kind of a really kindhearted person , " said Nick Sages , 17 , a senior at Palosz 's school who knew him through Boy Scouts . Johnson said that Bart did not publicly exhibit any signs of a child in trouble . But after Bart 's suicide , several posts came to light on Palosz 's social network site on Google Plus that appear to reveal his internal struggles . "  Hey if I were to stab my eye out due to school caused insanity , who would miss me ? " he posted in June alongside a photo of himself with a knife next to his eye . Another post in June appeared to indicate he had attempted suicide by ingesting lighter fluid . Japan : Family and nation grapple with teen bullies The following month he posted , "  I notice if I sound sad I 'm normal and if I act happy , cheerful , and ` normal ' there is a high chance that I will try to poison myself , cut myself , commit suicide , or jump in front of a truck : " A group of Palosz 's classmates have formed a group using social media to provide peer-to-peer support anonymously for students struggling with bullying and other issues . "  Within the school students want to talk to other people who want to listen ... Greenwich High School administration has great staff and they have great social workers , but some people ca n't reach out to adults themselves but they can reach out to a fellow student who wants to help out , " said Elias Frank , senior class vice president and one of the founders of the Facebook group encouraging students to offer each other support . A preliminary investigation by the Greenwich Police Department found that the gun Bart used to kill himself was family owned and had been stored inside a gun locker in the home . "  The incident continues to be investigated by members of the Greenwich Police Detective Division , " a police statement said , declining to provide further information . Bart 's family has flown back to Poland to bury him and was not available for comment Monday , Johnson told CNN . Why telling bullying victims to ` just fight back ' does n't work	Bart Palosz , 15 , shot himself with the family shotgun after his first day of school The sophomore from Poland had endured bullying , according to a friend 's mother Friends say Bart was teased for his height -- 6-foot-3 -- and his Polish accent
CNN  Once was a time when finding out if you were compatible with someone involved a complex social interplay of body language , conversational nuance and good food and wine . Tomorrow it could simply be a matter of reading someone else 's T-shirt . A joint venture between design teams at MIT 's Tangible Media Group and the Fluid Interface Group have incorporated the social network into a garment which signals to other wearers your interests , associations and even if people are compatible organ donors . The group of MIT students behind the project - Viirj Kan , Katsuya Fujii , Judith Amores , and Chang Long Zhu Jin - wanted to look at ways of seeing how social media worked outside the confines of the computer screen . "  We wanted to examine more tangible ways of representing ourselves in social media , " Kan told CNN . "  While what you wear is very public , social media is able to show who you are to thousands more people and this creates really big social consequences but it often does n't feel that way . " She said the idea behind the wearable was to probe this question further . "  Current technologies are very good at connecting people over great distances but they 're not so good at connecting them in the same environment , " Kan said . "  There 's this gap and we wanted to explore that through what we 've built . " Sporting a chic alphabet design on the front , the T-shirt 's pattern is printed in thermo-chromatic ink with a thin circuit membrane under the weave . The T-shirt uses Bluetooth to pair with your phone and all your critical data . After that , all the T-shirt has to do is detect another T-shirt within 12 feet of a receiver in its collar and the wearer is alerted through a haptic motor which literally ` taps ' the wearer alerting them to the fact there 's another wearable device in the room . As with all social interaction , the experience is graded . After the T-shirt has alerted you to the fact there 's another wearer in the room , capacitive sensors in the shirt read either a handshake , touch or high five before the T-shirt starts transmitting your data and you begin wearing your heart on your sleeve . "  We 've got a working prototype but we 've yet to test it on users -- that 's definitely the next step , " Kan said . She said the ability of the shirt to transmit data is only limited by the imagination of the designer . Groups that need to find each other in a crowd -- from industry conferences to people who are part of a niche interest -- are likely to want to use the clothing to find like-minded souls . "  Perhaps if you need to know other vegetarians -- or those with a vegetarian lifestyle -- so it helps to know if I was at a burger place who around me is a vegetarian , " Kan said . While the shirt is still in the research and development phase , the group says that commercial sponsors have a growing interest in the product . "  We 're testing its capabilities -- it 's hard to say what its limits are , " she said .	A joint venture between design teams at MIT 's Tangible Media Group and the Fluid Interface Group have incorporated the social network into a garment The group of MIT students behind the project wanted to look at ways of seeing how social media worked outside the confines of the computer screen The T-shirt 's pattern is printed in thermo-chromatic ink with a thin circuit membrane under the weave and uses Bluetooth to pair with your phone Groups that need to find each other in a crowd -- from industry conferences to people who are part of a niche interest -- are likely to want to use the clothing
CNN  -- Italian striker Giuseppe Rossi helped himself to a double as Villarreal secured their first Spanish Primera Liga win of the season with a 4-0 thumping of Espanyol on Sunday . The 23-year-old opened the scoring in the 23rd minute and added his second goal from the penalty spot . Midfielder Borja Valero and Brazilian international Nilmar were also on target as Villarreal warmed up in style for their Europa League match against Dinamo Zagreb next Thursday . In other matches on Sunday , former Danish legend Michael Laudrup is still waiting for his first victory as Real Mallorca coach , after his side lost 2-0 at Sporting Gijon . However , there was better news for Laudrup 's former club Getafe . The Madrid-based side , who finished sixth in La Liga last season . secured their first win of this campaign with a 4-1 thumping of promoted Levante . The most remarkable match came at Zaragoza as the home side found themselves 5-0 down to Malaga after just 34 minutes . Zaragoza did eventually claw some respectability back but Malaga were comfortable for their 5-3 victory . Meanwhile , Saturday 's matches saw a minor sensation as champions Barcelona were stunned 2-0 at home by newly-promoted side Hercules .	Villarreal secure their first Spanish Primera Liga win of the season on Sunday They thrash Espanyol 10-man 4-0 with Italian striker Giuseppe Rossi scoring twice Real Zaragoza are beaten 5-3 at home by Malaga who are 5-0 up after 34 minutes On Saturday , champions Barcelona were stunned 2-0 by promoted Hercules
CNN  -- The Deepwater Horizon oil spill has already claimed many victims -- from pelicans to oyster beds and precious marshland . But there may be one more : a species only just recently discovered . Scientifically known as halieutichthys aculeatus , it is not a thing of beauty . But it lives an anonymous sort of existence on the seabed of the Gulf , some 1,500 feet below the waves and -- like all marine life in the gulf -- plays its role in the food chain . Its more digestible name is the Louisiana pancake batfish . And if oil stays deep under water , the gulf could lose it before it 's even officially recognized as a species . While scientists are uncertain what the long-range effects of the massive spill will be on the gulf 's delicate balance of life and death and its complex food chain , the little-known Louisiana pancake batfish is a case in point of one species whose very existence is in that balance . Dr. Prosanta Chakrabarty , an ichthyologist -- otherwise known as a fish biologist -- and assistant professor at Louisiana State University , found himself face-to-face with the little fish during a deep-sea trawl in the gulf with the university last fall . "  We were lucky to get four or five specimen , " Chakrabarty said . "  The variation we found was enough for me to be convinced that there was something new . " With a flat , round body resembling a pancake , as its name suggests , this species of batfish does n't really look like a fish . "  If you make an oval between your thumb and forefinger , they 're about that big . Their mouths and bulbous eyes are right in the front of their heads . You ca n't even see their faces if you look from above , " Chakrabarty said . Not only does it look odd ; it also moves in mysterious ways . The Louisiana pancake batfish uses its foot-like fins , complete with an elbow , to push off the sea floor . Flapping its tail , it swiftly hops across the sand . "  They 're not like a flounder ; they are much more mobile , more like a pancake with feet . They 're bizarre for what they look like and how they behave , " Chakrabarty said . Pancake batfish spend most of their days resting on the sandy bottom of the gulf . Chakrabarty says it 's impossible to tell how many of them are in existence . "  During my trawl with LSU , we caught probably 100,000 fish and three of them were pancake batfish . It 's a hard thing to guess from that what their population is , but since they 're rare in museums , they 're probably rare in the wild , " Chakrabarty said . And although it 's not known exactly where they link into the food chain , he said tuna and marlin from the gulf have been found with Louisiana pancake batfish in their stomachs . Even a possibility that one small species could disappear because of waters fouled by oil has scientists pondering what such an event would mean long-term for the gulf , and even beyond the gulf 's waters . "  All of life on earth is a big book . All the extinct things are pages that are torn out of that book that muddle our history , " Chakrabarty said . He said what is most upsetting to him is that after 200 years of scientific study in the gulf , he estimates 98 percent of its marine life remains unknown . And with the United States ' worst-ever environmental disaster still ongoing , could become unknown forever . "  We know about commercial fish and shrimp . But there are 1,500 meters of question mark between the well head and the surface about the animal life and we really know very , very little . "  We 're making a trade-off between two habitats and putting the more fragile one at risk . If we lose the -LSB- pancake batfish -RSB- , we 're losing a big part of evolutionary history , " Chakrabarty said . Because it lives in the deep , the pancake batfish is not threatened by tar balls or the surface sheen of oil -- but by undersea oil plumes identified by researchers from the University of South Florida . On June 8 , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration confirmed that tests done by the University 's researchers proved the existence of subsurface oil clusters . BP continues to dispute the extent of the plumes . But Chakrabarty says this subspecies of batfish could be wiped out even if it does n't directly encounter oil . It lives on small invertebrates that are the foundation for the entire marine food chain in the gulf . And now it may be at risk of either losing its only source of food or ingesting an oil-coated dinner . Chakrabarty says that one ray of hope for the newly discovered species are the oil-consuming bacteria that thrive on crude oil . They use enzymes to metabolize the oil into two products ; new microorganisms and carbon dioxide . Essentially , it is as if they are sucking the oil out of the water . Dr. Samantha Joye , a professor at the University of Georgia , recently returned from an expedition in the gulf to research the undersea plumes . While she acknowledged that the bacteria are certainly a good option for extracting oil from the water , she said they might not get the chance to do so . "  At present , oxygen concentrations exceed 2 mg/L  two milligrams per liter  but if concentrations drop below that , it would spell problems for any oxygen-requiring organisms , " Joye wrote in a blog . And the oil-munching bacteria require oxygen to metabolize the oil . The bacteria also exist in much higher quantities at the surface of the gulf where there is sunlight and warmth . Where this pancake batfish lives , at the very bottom , there are neither . "  Less than one percent of the microbial community in the gulf lives in the deep sea , " Chakrabarty says . "  It is so cold down there , one to two degrees Celsius , that they will move much more slowly to break down those micro-droplets of oil . " He is currently working on the original description of the Louisiana pancake batfish for the Journal of Fish Biology and says it should be published by August . By the time it reaches an audience , though , the entry may not describe a species that is , but a species that was .	Louisiana pancake batfish lives 1,500 feet below surface For deep-water denizens like pancake batfish , threat is from underwater oil plumes One expert estimates that 98 percent of Gulf 's deep-water marine life remains unknown Scientists worry that extinction could come even before species are discovered
CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan is officially a free woman . A source close to the actress confirmed to HLN that Lohan , 27 , has finished a court-ordered 90-day stay in rehab . Her next step is to spend a few days with a sobriety coach to ease her transition -- something that Lohan decided for herself , the source noted . The actress was smiling as she exited a California rehabilitation center , and the source with knowledge of her situation confirmed that she 's doing great . Lohan 's latest rehab stint was taken as an alternative to three months of jail time for two misdemeanor convictions and a shoplifting probation violation finding in March . The actress told Piers Morgan ahead of her treatment that she 's been mandated by the court to go to rehab six times , with her previous stay occurring in 2010 . "  I could write the book on rehab , " Lohan told Morgan , although she said she approached this round with optimism . "  I look at it as a good thing , " she said in May . "  I can come back afterwards and be fully focused on work . " It 's true that work is already waiting for Lohan . The actress has signed up to guest host E! 's "  Chelsea Lately " on August 5 , and her new movie , "  The Canyons , " will bow on Friday . She also signed a deal to sit down with Oprah Winfrey for an exclusive interview that will tape and air in August , in addition to allowing OWN 's cameras to tape her post-rehab life for an eight-part docu-series slated to air in 2014 . HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian and CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Lindsay Lohan has completed 90 days in rehab Her next step is to spend a few days with a sobriety coach A source close to the actress says she 's doing great Work , including a docu-series for OWN , awaits Lohan in August
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates , in what he said is his final address to the cadets at the U.S. Military Academy , warned Friday against the United States getting involved in another major land battle . He told the cadets that wars like Afghanistan are not likely , and in fact he would advise against it . "  In my opinion , any future defense secretary who advises the president to again send a big American land army into Asia or into the Middle East or Africa should ` have his head examined , ' as Gen. MacArthur so delicately put it , " Gates said . Gates remarks contrasted with some in America who are pushing for the U.S. military to take a more active role in other places like Libya , where huge groups of protesters are trying to overthrow the government of Col. Moammar Gadhafi . The defense secretary told cadets they 'll be leading a force that has drastically changed how it fights . Gates , who has previously announced he intends to retire this year , said it 's impossible to know what the next war , that these cadets will be part of , will look like . "  When it comes to predicting the nature and location of our next military engagements , since Vietnam , our record has been perfect , " he said . "  We have never once gotten it right , from the Mayaguez to Grenada , Panama , Somalia , the Balkans , Haiti , Kuwait , Iraq and more -- we had no idea a year before any of these missions that we would be so engaged . " But he said he is confident that future engagements involving the Army will less likely include head-on clashes of large mechanized armies . "  In the competition for tight defense dollars within and between the services , the Army also must confront the reality that the most plausible , high-end scenarios for the U.S. military are primarily naval and air engagements , " he said . He told the cadets at West Point that preparing themselves for a range of possible missions is a key to success . "  The military will not be able to train or educate you to have all the right answers -- as you might find in a manual -- but you should look for those experiences and pursuits in your career that will help you at least ask the right questions , " he said . Gates encouraged the future Army officers to look outside the armed forces for experiences that will make them better soldiers and leaders . "  Such opportunities might include further study at grad school , teaching at this or another-first rate university , spending time at a think tank , being a congressional fellow . " And he encouraged them to "  become a master of other languages and cultures . " He said it 's not just the cadets who need to adjust to this new world , it 's the Army itself . He said that the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have created a group of highly-experienced , battle tested young officers who too often leave the Army just when it needs their skills and knowledge the most . "  Men and women in the prime of their professional lives , who may have been responsible for the lives of scores or hundreds of troops , or millions of dollars in assistance , or engaging in reconciling warring tribes , they may find themselves in a cube all day re-formatting power point slides , preparing quarterly training briefs , or assigned an ever expanding array of clerical duties , " Gates said . "  The consequences of this terrify me . " He said the Army must adapt so that young officers with diverse experience and accomplishments are rewarded with promotions and that it must "  re-think the way it deals with the outstanding young leaders in its lower and middle-ranks . " He wrapped up his speech on a personal note , telling the cadets said he feels responsible for each and every one of them "  as if you were my own sons and daughters , " Gates said apparently on the verge of tears . "  I bid you farewell and Godspeed . "	Future wars will likely be air and sea based , Gates says The United States has not been able to predict any of its recent military engagements , he says Gates encourages West Point cadets to look outside the armed forces to round out experience Speech is Gates ' last as defense secretary
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York.VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Vincent Fournier 's photography captures a longing for the space age that lives somewhere between the recently made-possible and the science fiction of the '70s and '80s . Inspired by trips to the Paris museum of science , Vincent has been fascinated by the machine world since his youth and incorporates it into most of his work . His first project , "  Tour Operator , " presented a global vision of domesticated landscapes where humans appear slightly out of step with the environment they created . In "  The Man Machine , " he gained access to robotics laboratories and staged a series candid portraits featuring the latest in artificial intelligence going about "  their daily lives , " such as responding to e-mails or taking a trip to the water cooler . In his "  Space Project , " Vincent pays homage to the world 's great centers of space exploration and study : Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in Russia , Mars Desert Research Station in Utah , various observatories and antenna arrays , and , most recently , the Ariane Space Center in French Guiana . Just this past month , Vincent finally got permission to shoot in NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida , home of the soon-to-be-closed space shuttle program , and Vincent 's holy grail . Vincent  with us tailing him  was graciously afforded an almost all-access behind the scenes tour of Kennedy Space Center -- mission control was a no-go , unsurprisingly -- which included a pilgrimage to launchpad 39A , site of the impending STS-135 mission , NASA 's last in the Space Transportation System  STS , or Space Shuttle  era . He also got a peek at the NASA engine shop , shuttle landing facility and control tower , vehicle assembly building , and mobile launch platforms , as well as several other difficult-to-remember locales . See the rest of Picture Perfect : Vincent Fournier at VBS.TV Throughout our visit , Vincent kept asking the kind NASA public affairs officers if there were "  clean rooms " or "  white rooms " he could photograph in , and they were generous enough to let him navigate his way through a handful . At one point , we entered an enormous three-chambered room full of men and women working on towering rocket engines . It was akin to stumbling on to the set of Micro Machines : the Movie but with the people in miniature . Vincent snapped a few photos but pressed forward quickly , as he was more interested in the adjacent airlock room with its almost fully white aesthetic . Here he had a little more more freedom to let his cinematic imagination take hold , as well as the option of positioning a worker in a clean room suit  aka "  bunny suit "  . The images are reminiscent of some he took at Ariane in French Guiana , with their stark empty spaces broken up by vivid lines and colors . While the trip represented a longtime goal for Vincent , there was an overwhelming sense of nostalgia to almost everything we saw . It was bittersweet to visit NASA while workers were getting their layoff notices and the shuttle program , with all its attendant promise and tragedy , was in its final days . Viewing the Atlantis orbiter perched on the launch pad and protected by the service structure made it seem very fragile , even though it was made to travel over 100 times the speed of sound . To see more photos from Fournier 's shoot at Kennedy Space Center , visit Motherboard.tv	Photographer Vincent Fournier granted access to shoot at Kennedy Space Center Stop was part of Fournier 's project paying homage to the world 's centers of space study Fournier 's fascination with machines is evident in most of his work
CNN  -- A report in South Korean media is fueling the ongoing speculation about the deteriorating health of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . Kim Jong Il , seen in an undated state-issued photo , has made only two public appearances since August . YTN News , citing unidentified intelligence sources in South Korea and China , reported Monday that the 67-year-old leader has pancreatic cancer . South Korea 's Unification Ministry flatly denied the report , which comes a week after a frail-looking Kim appeared in public for the first time in months . Doctors told South Korea 's state-run Yonhap News Agency that it is impossible to tell the status of Kim 's health from the recent video of the reclusive leader . Kim appeared at a July 8 ceremony to commemorate the 15th anniversary of his father 's death . He seemed frail and gaunt as he walked into the service flanked by senior party and military officials . North Korea 's official KCNA news agency has routinely criticized the Western media for erroneously exaggerating the status of Kim 's health . Last week 's appearance was his second since he was widely reported to have suffered a stroke in August . Kim was seen in April when he was reappointed as chairman of North Korea 's military board . His recent health problems and long absence from public functions have prompted speculation on whether he was ready to groom an heir . The rules governing transfer of power in the secretive communist nation are unclear , but it is widely believed that Kim 's youngest son , Kim Jong Un , will succeed him . Facts about North Korea " In April , the North Korean leader named Kim Jong Un and brother-in-law Chang Sung Taek to the country 's powerful National Defense Commission . Chang , who is married to Kim Jong Il 's sister , has effectively run the country in the wake of the leader 's health problems , according to TIME Magazine . Chang is "  the bridge from Kim Jong Il to Kim Jong Un , " according to Baek Seung Joo , who watches North Korea at the Korea Institute for Defense Analysis , who spoke to TIME Magazine last month .	Media reports , citing unconfirmed sources , say Kim Jong Il has cancer South Korea 's Unification Ministry denies claims of illness Transfer of power rules unclear , but youngest son expected to be next at helm
CNN  Eddie Redmayne , congratulations ! You 've won an Oscar ! Now you 'd better watch out . If there is such a thing as an "  Oscar curse " -- that malady that suddenly grips some Oscar winners , plunging their once-bright careers into "  Aeon Flux " - like darkness -- best actor winner Redmayne could be a likely victim . Among the newly anointed crop of Oscar recipients , the "  Theory of Everything " star would be right to be wary . He 's young -- just 33 -- and could just as easily aim for big-budget movie stardom as chewy character roles . A few more films like "  Jupiter Ascending , " the current Wachowski siblings ' bomb that features Redmayne in a major role , and he may be the answer to Oscar trivia questions in 2025 . Sunday 's other acting winners may not have the same challenges . J.K. Simmons , who won best supporting actor for "  Whiplash , " has been a character mainstay for years ; he might start getting bigger billing , but the work should remain steady . Best actress winner Julianne Moore  "  Still Alice "  is an established star and is probably at little risk of going off the rails . And Patricia Arquette , the best supporting actress winner for "  Boyhood , " has made a career of combining intriguing film choices with steady TV work . Indeed , she 's the star of "  CSI : Cyber , " which debuts March 4 . Now , "  curse " might be a little strong . Some performers such as Mercedes Ruehl  "  The Fisher King "  or F. Murray Abraham  "  Amadeus "  were character types who hit it big . It would be unlikely for them to suddenly become successful headliners . Other actors prefer to pick interesting roles in small , quirky movies rather than let Hollywood 's box-office machinery pigeonhole them . On the other hand , there are any number of "  it " performers -- especially actresses such as Gwyneth Paltrow , Renee Zellweger and Halle Berry -- who had youth , looks and chops and were pegged as future leads . But whether through poor script choices , fickle audiences or movie-industry biases , their follow-ups tanked .  Many of the entries on this list seem to be less the victim of a "  curse " than industry preconceptions about women 's roles . Certainly the Oscar is a wonderful honor , a permanent prefix to an actor 's name . But some may wonder if all the red-carpet scrutiny and stress was worth it . Check out the gallery for a few examples .	An "  Oscar curse " seems to plague some Academy Award winners Many actors win Oscars , then see their next films flop
CNN  -- A day of kayaking and backpacking on Hawaii 's Big Island changed in an instant as the might of the Pacific Ocean swept six teenagers into the surf . One remains missing . The group of 12 students and their guides , who were on their way to a waterfall , were taking a break at a tide pool 15 feet above the swirling ocean and 50 feet inland when rogue waves hit . "  T  he waves were totally unexpected , " Abbott Wallis , founder and executive director of tour operator Bold Earth Teen Adventures , said Sunday . The surf sucked two of the teenagers into the sea Wednesday and left four others clinging for their lives along the cliff and rocky shoals . Kayak guides "  immediately dived into the water at risk to their own lives " and rescued five of the teens , said Bari Sims of Hawaii Pack and Paddle . The sixth , 15-year-old Tyler Madoff of White Plains , New York , has not been found . Authorities suspended search operations for his rescue Thursday evening . The other student swept out to sea remains hospitalized after his rescue , but is expected to recover . One of the kayak guides resuscitated him at the scene . "  I ca n't convey my shock and sorrow , " Wallis said . "  We 're doing all we can to support the families and students . As a parent myself , I can only imagine what the families are feeling right now . " Tyler 's father , Michael Madoff , strongly criticized Bold Earth , but said the family would not seek legal action against the tour operator . "  People of Bold Earth Expeditions have shown poor judgment and extremely poor character , " Madoff said Sunday . "  None of the Bold Earth people stayed on site to continue the search for our son Tyler . " "  We 're devastated by this , " Wallis said in response . "  There 's nothing Mr. Madoff can say that we disagree with . " A statement from the company says Bold Earth has served nearly 12,000 students on six continents since it was founded in 1976 . Wallis said last week 's accident was the first significant incident in the company 's history . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	One kayaker has been missing since last week Kayak guides rescued five of the teen kayakers The missing teenager 's father says the family wo n't seek legal action Bold Earth Teen Adventures was founded in 1976
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- More than a dozen uncontained wildfires raged Monday across Southern California , threatening thousands of structures and forcing people to flee homes from San Diego to Malibu to Lake Arrowhead . This photo taken from space Monday afternoon shows smoke rising from the wildfires in Southern California . Fire officials said more than 265,000 people have been evacuated and nearly 4,900 firefighters are battling the fast-moving blazes , which began over the weekend . By Monday afternoon , the California Department of Forestry and Fire Prevention had reported 13 active wildfires have consumed more than 98,000 acres and destroyed or damaged at least 50 homes and businesses across six counties . The winds driving the flames are expected to stay strong , coming out of the northeast , at least through Tuesday , according to CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano . "  It 's a tragic time for California , " California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said earlier Monday . He declared a state of emergency in seven counties and asked the National Guard to pull 800 soldiers from patrolling the U.S.-Mexico border to help battle the wildfires . Monday evening , Schwarzenegger asked U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates to order delivery of all available Modular Airborne Fire Fighting Systems  MAFFS  to help fight the fires . Watch fires devour homes and land " Citing the proliferation in the number of fires , Schwarzenegger wrote , "  Your immediate assistance is necessary to deploy Department of Defense aircraft located in Wyoming , North Carolina and Colorado to assist California in our firefighting effort . " According to the White House , the federal Agriculture Department will provide fire crews , air tankers and helicopters to fight the fires , and the state will receive assistance grants to help pay firefighting costs . See where fires burn across Southern California " Hardest hit was San Diego County , where 250,000 people have fled from five fires . One person was killed and 18 were reported injured in the county , including five firefighters . Local officials said the fire situation had worsened throughout the day , prompting new evacuations . "  We have a very dangerous , unpredictable situation , " said Ron Roberts , chairman of the San Diego County Board of Supervisors . "  We have some of the highest temperatures , some of the driest landscape conditions and some of the most powerful winds -- all the ingredients for a perfect firestorm . " On one cul-de-sac in the San Diego suburb of Rancho Bernardo , five of six homes burned to the ground , leaving flames from gas lines flickering amid the ruins , according to a KGTV report . See photos of the fires " Officials turned Qualcomm Stadium , home of the NFL 's San Diego Chargers , into an evacuation center . Residents of four housing areas at the Camp Pendleton Marine base in northern San Diego County were put on notice for possible evacuations and told to pack personal belongings as a precautionary measure . Earlier Monday , fixed-wing firefighting aircraft were grounded by the strong winds , officials said , making the jobs of fire crews on the ground even harder . Fires threatened the San Diego Zoo 's Wild Animal Park on Monday , causing the park to close . Some of the animals , such as endangered condors , are being moved to a safer location , according to zoo spokeswoman Yadira Galindo . Authorities are asking people to hold off on 911 calls unless there is a real emergency , saying clogged cell phone lines are hurting rescue efforts . The largest of the wildfires was the Buckweed blaze north of Los Angeles , which has consumed 27,500 acres and forced the evacuation of 15,000 residents from Santa Clarita and nearby communities , according to the state forestry department . About 4,000 structures were threatened , and the fire was moving toward the Magic Mountain amusement park . Two fires that erupted Monday morning in San Bernardino County near Lake Arrowhead have destroyed at least 123 structures and charred 1,800 acres , said Loretta Benavidez , a spokeswoman for the San Bernardino National Forest . Several communities in the area , including Green Valley Lake , Arrowbear and Running Springs , were evacuated . And in Malibu Canyon , south of the Pacific Coast Highway , nearly 1,450 firefighters were battling a blaze that began Sunday afternoon and still threatened 900 structures in the area , which is home to many Hollywood luminaries , the state forestry department said . The Canyon fire is only 10 percent contained , an official said . The Pacific Coast Highway remains shut down in Malibu . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : 123 structures destroyed by wildfires in Lake Arrowhead NEW : White House : Federal Agriculture Department will provide fire crews Fires threaten San Diego Zoo 's Wild Animal Park ; animals evacuated Malibu Canyon fire is 10 percent contained , officials say
CNN  -- One of us is British and the other American . But we have many important things in common . Both of us are in the military and were deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom . We 're both proud to serve and fight for our countries -- and both of us have served successfully . But when our military colleagues found out that we are transgender , our careers took different paths . Here are our stories : British Royal Air Force Flight Lt. Caroline Paige : As a flight lieutenant , I serve as a navigator flying Merlin Battlefield Helicopters with the British Royal Air Force . The role of my squadron is to support the Army : from inserting assault troops , to resupply of austere bases , to escorting road convoys to casualty evacuation , and many other tasks . I am proud of the role my country plays in trying to stem the flow of global terrorism . I am proud of the military and the people who risk their lives -- in Britain and elsewhere around the world -- to do this and I am proud of my own military service . I am also a transgender woman ; I have known this all my conscious life , but my military did n't know until I told them after 18 years of service to the Air Force . Because of my country 's inclusive military policy , I was allowed to remain in the RAF and became the first transgender officer to serve openly in the UK military , and I have done so proudly for 16 years . It was n't easy at first , because people fear what they do n't know . I set out to prove them wrong by ensuring there was no difference in my capabilities or who I was in my job . When my aircraft first deployed to Iraq in 2005 , and then again to Afghanistan in 2009 , I made sure I was there . As the squadron 's lead tactician and defensive aids expert , I had to lead from the front to ensure the safety of our UK soldiers and our allies . To fly into perilous locations requires that you know precise procedures like the back of your hand , and on several occasions I was at the right place at the right time to identify issues and trouble shoot problems with the aircraft 's equipment , earning the respect and admiration of my peers and superiors . My service and performance were rewarded with several commendations for "  excellent service " -- first in 2007 with a two-star award , followed by Commendation from the Commander-in-Chief of Air Command in the 2012 New Year 's Honours List . All of my endeavors on operations were focused on ensuring our aircraft had the best possible protection , through equipment and tactics . Had I not been able to continue my military service because I was transgender , I would n't have been in the right place at the right time to make that vital difference for my colleagues and my nation . Former U.S. Navy Petty Officer Landon Wilson : In August of 2013 , I left my parent command in Hawaii and arrived on the East Coast to begin training to deploy to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom . For three months of training , I was "  one of the guys , " and no one questioned my gender or referred to me as a woman . For those three months , I did n't feel like I had to walk on eggshells , and I did n't worry about being outed as transgender . After a pit stop in Qatar in November , where my senior leaders laughed at their mistake in trying to put me in a female barracks room , I landed in Afghanistan , and was immediately put to work . As a junior sailor , I found myself in a place I had never imagined : working as the lead liaison between foreign militaries , such as the British Armed Forces and the Australian Defence Force ; as well as domestic governmental agencies , including the CIA , FBI , and NSA . I was proud to serve my country in a mission-critical role . But three weeks later , everything changed : My senior chief pulled me aside and escorted me into the sergeant major 's office . In front of him sat my original enlistment paperwork , which listed me as female . Within hours , I was put on a C-130 back to the U.S. With my departure , there was no one trained to fill my position in Afghanistan . Someone must have thought I was doing a good job , because three days after the Navy sent me back to Hawaii , I was promoted and given a Flag Letter of Commendation from the Admiral of 10th Fleet . But at the same time it was promoting me , the Navy was preparing my discharge papers . In March of 2014 , I was honorably discharged for being transgender . Caroline Paige and Landon Wilson : After serving in Operation Enduring Freedom , we and others attended the first-ever gathering of currently serving transgender personnel from around the world to share our stories . Some of the 18 nations that allow transgender service members to serve openly were represented at this recent conference in Washington , D.C. , sponsored by the ACLU and Palm Center . As members of the military community , it is not our place to tell civilian leaders what to do . We do want to be sure , however , that people understand the main message emerging from our personal stories , and from the experiences of service members from other forces who participated in the conference : Transgender personnel serve just as effectively as everyone else , even in austere environments like Afghanistan . Just like nontransgender personnel , we care about doing our jobs well , so that our militaries can fulfill their missions . If and when our two countries come to follow the same policy , we are sure that the adjustment will be successful .	One writer British , one American . Both are transgender and served in Afghanistan Flight Lt. Caroline Paige served in Royal Air Force , receiving many commendations U.S. Navy Officer Landon Wilson discharged when military found he was transgender Writers : 18 nations allow transgenders to serve openly , they are as effective as everyone else
CNN  -- After years spent fighting in some of the world 's worst wars , former U.S. Navy SEAL Kristin Beck says she knows what she wants . "  I want to have my life , " she told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  I fought for 20 years for life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . I want some happiness . " Beck recently came out as transgender . She wrote about the experience in a book , "  Warrior Princess : A U.S. Navy SEAL 's Journey to Coming out Transgender . " Trapped in a man 's body It chronicles her life as a young boy and man , known then as Chris Beck . Beck deployed 13 times , serving in places such as Bosnia , Afghanistan and Iraq . She earned a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart along the way . Though she 's felt trapped in the wrong body since grade school , Beck did n't come out until after she left the military in 2011 . Doing so earlier would have been too big a risk . Transgender men and women are banned from service . "  That 's a chance that if I took it , I might be dead today , " she said . "  There 's a lot of prejudice out there . There 's been a lot of transgender people who are killed for prejudice , for hatred . When the book came out -- some amazing support and some amazing praises -- but also some pretty amazing bigotry and hatred . " Beck says she does n't need people to love , or even like , her . "  But I do n't want you to beat me up and kill me . You do n't have to like me , I do n't care . But please do n't kill me . " ` No one ever met the real me ' Beck explains her years of hiding as living like an onion . Deep down , under various layers , or skins , she hid her female persona . "  It is a constant , but as you suppress and as you bottle it up , it 's not like on that surface , " she said . "  You would never notice it because I can push it so deep , but then it does kinda , like , it gnaws at you . So it 's always there . " Looking back , Beck believes she might have wanted to become a SEAL because they are "  the toughest of the tough . " She thought : "  I could totally make it go away if I could be at that top level . ... Maybe I could cure myself . " But the feeling of being born in the wrong body never went away . And for her entire career , Beck kept her mouth shut . She says virtually no one , out of the thousands of people she worked with , knew her secret -- it was so well hidden . "  No one ever met the real me , " she said . Though her identity was hidden , the rest of what Beck offered was true . "  I gave true brotherhood . I did my best , 150 % all the time , and I gave strength and honor and my full brotherhood to every military person I ever worked with . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Kristin Beck served as a Navy SEAL for more than 20 years Known then as Chris Beck , the war veteran deployed 13 times Beck retired in 2011 and has since come out as transgender "  No one ever met the real me , " she says
Rome  CNN  -- A plain clothes policeman watches Francesco Zanardi . As he waits for his moment just outside the Vatican in St Peter 's Square , Zanardi 's intention is clear . So is the policeman 's . The 42-year-old from Savona has traveled 550 kilometers -LSB- 342 miles -RSB- to Rome , determined to make a delivery at the Vatican . The policeman , however , is just as determined to stop him . Zanardi clutches a red case , emblazoned with a picture of Domenico Calcagno -- one of the cardinals who will elect a new pope in the conclave this week -- across it are the words , "  Fuori Dal Conclave " or "  Out of the Conclave . " It 's stuffed with thousands of signed letters all claiming that Calcagno covered up the serial sex abuse of a priest in northern Italy . They want the cardinal to be disqualified from voting in the conclave . But no one is more insistent than Francesco Zanardi . When he was an 11-year-old altar boy in 1981 at the Santissime Anunziate church in the town of Spotorno , Zanardi says he was raped by Father Nello Giraudo at least once a week for 5 years . He says many of his school friends also suffered repeated abuse at the hands of Giraudo . "  I did n't have -LSB- consensual -RSB- sex until I was 26 , " Zanardi says in Italian . "  I was using drugs , I used to inject heroin . I went into rehab and had counseling , and later realized I was taking drugs because of the abuse . " His quest to reveal the truth behind what happened to him eventually uncovered a cache of damning documents that went all the way to former Pope Benedict XVI . First Zanardi attempted to prosecute Giraudo for the abuse he suffered but the statute of limitations had expired in his case . So he had to pursue other means of gaining justice . Only last year , Giraudo was convicted for sexually abusing a boy at a Catholic boy scouts retreat in the Piedmont Mountains in 2005 . Giraudo pled guilty and Zanardi was instrumental in the trial . He gave evidence and convinced four boys , who were allegedly sexually abused by Giraudo , to do the same and prove the former priest was a serial abuser . Despite the long pattern of behavior , Giraudo was sentenced as a first-time offender and given a suspended one year prison term . As a witness , Zanardi was allowed to request all the evidence from the court . He was astonished by what he discovered . On 8th September 2003 , Calcagno , who was at the time the Bishop of Savona , wrote to Cardinal Ratzinger who was then the Vatican 's enforcer of church doctrine and responsible for investigations into the sexual abuse of minors by clergy . Calcagno 's letter read : "  I would request your kind advice on how I should act in view of the fact that the priest intends to continue his pastoral work . As far as possible , I intend to avoid him having any responsibilities which might bring him into contact with children or adolescents . " Watch : Papal conclave 101 This letter was accompanied by a church dossier on Giraudo , compiled by then Bishop Calcagno 's chief aide , Vicar General , Andrea Giusto . "  Nothing has leaked to the papers . No complaints have been filed with the police , " read Giusto 's report . "  The documents were ugly to read , " Zanardi told CNN . The church was concerned with the well-being of a pedophile , but they do n't talk about a victim . The victims are n't even taken into consideration the only thing they are trying save is the image of the church . " Despite incontrovertible evidence against Giraudo , Calcagno did n't kick the pedophile priest out of the church . Instead , he was given counseling , sent to work with prison inmates and simply moved from parish to parish . He was even allowed to set-up and run a care home for troubled children in the church rectory . We do n't know Cardinal Ratzinger 's response to this letter . Two years later -- in 2005 -- Ratzinger became Pope Benedict XVI . Further documents reveal church officials were aware of Giraudo 's crimes from as far back as 1980 . On 29th March 2010 , Archbishop Ladaria from Thibica wrote to the current Bishop of Savona , Vittoria Lupi . It says Giraudo "  was reported in 1980 for abuse of minors " and that Giraudo admitted his own "  pedophile tendencies " to the Vicar General of Savona in 2002 . Despite all this , it took more than 30 years before the Church forced Giraudo to write a letter of resignation on March 27th , 2010 . Papal Conclave : By the numbers Cardinal Calcagno 's office declined to give a comment to CNN and in a written statement , the Diocese of Savona , where Giraudo served as a priest , said the Diocese invited him to resign in 2009 , but he refused . It went on to say the diocese has been in the forefront of combating abuse by priests . Vatican spokesman , Rev. Thomas Lombardi is clearly aggravated by our question about the accusations against Calcagno . He folds his arms , leans back and speaks sternly . "  The accusations regarding Cardinal Domenico Calcagno when he was Bishop of Savona in Italy were investigated by both the Church and by the legal system , by the judge , and the accusations were without foundation . " Back in St Peter 's Square , Zanardi finally makes his move towards the gates of the Vatican but he does n't get far . The plain-clothes policeman lurking in the background radios his partner and within seconds Zanardi is surrounded by police who lead him away for two hours of questioning . Zanardi has faced many obstacles in his life but he 's not about to give up now just because he 's hit another one . He will try to deliver his anti-Calcagno petition at the Vatican Embassy in Rome on Monday . His resolve is undimmed . "  What happened to me and many others should never have happened . I will keep fighting until it does not happen again . " Dan Rivers contributed to this report	Domenico Calcagno is one of the cardinals who this week will start to elect a new pope Calcagno is accused of not kicking a pedophile priest out of the church Critics of Calcagno now want the cardinal to be disqualified from voting in the conclave Vatican spokesman : Accusations against Calcagno found to be without foundation by the church and legal system
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- They had gambled with their lives to journey from as far as Iraq and Lebanon in search of a better life . But for 22 people the wager ended in death off the coast of Indonesia , after their vessel capsized , a government spokesman said Saturday . Many children lay among the lifeless bodies authorities pulled from the seas of the coast off West Java . But 28 others emerged alive from the waters and received treatment for minor injuries at a hospital in Cianjur , said Martinus Sitompol , an Indonesian government spokesman . Rescuers continue to search for 30 more people believed to be on the boat , when it overturned . Their fate is yet uncertain . Many of them likely lie buried far beneath the waves . Sitompol could only wager a guess why the boat capsized . He said some on the boat were from Iraq and Lebanon . "  It 's possible they ran out of fuel , " he surmised . "  It 's possible that they did n't know how to man or steer the boat . " There are many ways for overfilled , unseaworthy crafts off the coast of Indonesia to spill the people they were carrying into the ocean . It happens many times a year . The Australian media said the vessel was headed for Australia 's Christmas Island , a common landing point for such boats . For some , Australia is the land of their hopes , but the government there has had its fill of capsizing , broken down refuge boats and enacted legislation this year to dash them . It is now forbidden for illegal immigrants arriving by boat to ever live on Australian soil . This mishap precedes a visit by new Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott to Indonesia . Such dangerous boats carrying asylum seekers from Indonesia to Australian shores have long been a sore spot with its government .	Many children lay among the lifeless bodies authorities pulled from the seas 28 others emerged alive from the waters and and are receiving treatment at a hospital Rescuers continue to search for 30 more whose fate is uncertain For many , Australia is the land of their hopes , but the government forbids boat people
Berryville , Virginia  CNN  -- Travis and Joyce Miller might have the most fragrant garage in the Shenandoah Valley . The heady scent of hickory wood wafts from their rural home on Virginia 's busy Route 7 , catching the attention of hungry commuters who might expect to find a grandma tending the hearth or , even better , a pitmaster roasting a hog on the side of the road . What 's cooking , though , is something a little bit sweeter  sorry , grandma  : It 's Falling Bark Farm hickory syrup . Never heard of hickory syrup ? Neither had the Millers until a few years ago when a chance Internet search turned up mentions of it . In 2011 , they showed up to the farmers market in nearby Purcellville , Virginia , with 48 bottles of their new science project -- "  which we felt was a little bit risky , " Travis says . The risk paid off . The couple aim to sell 30,000 units this year . The Millers credit tapping into the market at the right time with all the right buzzwords : foraged , locally sourced and , most of all , unique . They 're the first to admit they did n't have a divine syrup destiny ; they 're just retirees looking to get by via trial and error -- a challenge that Americans of all ages face regularly . "  Everybody out there is looking for something new , " Travis says . "  The difficulty is not necessarily producing the product , it 's about marketing the product . " The Millers are among a dozen or so hickory syrup producers nationwide ; in comparison , the maple syrup industry produced 3.17 million gallons in 2014 , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . The Millers have built their business by intriguing the average consumer , who often associates the flavor of syrup strictly with maple or "  pancake syrup " poured from a character-shaped bottle . "  We say , ` You know what , if you just taste it . Just taste the hickory , we just want you to have the hickory experience . You do n't have to buy it , ' " Joyce says . They find that the flavor is all it takes to win over new customers -- not to mention the loyal following of Washington-area chefs who appreciate the syrup 's smoky , earthy undertones . "  We do n't say it 's better or worse than maple ; it 's just a different culinary experience , " she says . The sugar content is similar to that of maple syrup , but the intensity of the sweetness is not there , Travis adds , which is why they suggest use in meat glazes or even cocktails . As the name suggests , hickory syrup is made from the bark of hickory trees -- shagbark hickory , to be exact . Instead of boiling down tapped tree sap like maple or birch syrup makers would , the Millers craft their product by extracting flavors from the actual bark that 's been foraged from the forest floor . They scrub the bark clean , roast it over an open flame and then boil it with turbinado sugar to form a syrup . Throughout the Millers ' 33-year marriage , the couple have always looked to their hands -- and the land around them -- as a means of making a living . They grow and eat their own produce , hunt and cook their own game , and have even built most of their houses from the ground up . Joyce says the initial plan was that if they could work a weekend producing syrup and make the same amount of money Travis was earning at his odd retirement jobs , they 'd take that idea to the next level and pursue it full time . Three years later , the notion seems to have stuck . "  I think the family that works together , stays together , " Travis says . At first , they experimented with compound butters and smoked salts . The smoking led them to looking into different woods to smoke -- from there they branched into hickory . "  And then syrup just started happening , " Joyce says . "  And it 's continued to happen . We 're going to follow it wherever it takes us . " They individually bottle each unit in their home using a Hamilton Beach coffee urn , and drive orders to the post office in their truck with a license plate that reads , "  SRP HPNS "  syrup happens  . People in their small rural community know them as the hickory syrup folks , and have started to chip in by letting the couple stop by and pick up any naturally shedding bark off their property . Oftentimes , they come home to find bundles of hickory bark on their front porch like a basket of fresh baked goods from a new neighbor . "  We just try to do the right thing , " Joyce says . "  I guess maybe all that 's karma . It 's come back around and starting to pay off . " An 8-ounce bottle retails for around $ 9.99 , and the syrup is available nationwide in retailers such as Whole Foods as well as in Falling Bark Farm 's online store . "  We do n't want to get too big , too fast , kind of like the cupcake industry , " Joyce jokes . "  We 're just taking it a step at a time . " Besides , it 's just the two of them producing all the sticky stuff . "  We 're just two simple senior citizens making syrup , " Joyce says . For the Millers , at the moment , money really does grow on trees .	Travis and Joyce Miller started producing hickory syrup as an experiment Hickory syrup is similar to maple syrup , but it 's smokier and less sweet in taste In three years , Falling Bark Farm went from selling 48 bottles of syrup a year to 30,000
CNN  -- India 's president expressed her condolences Sunday for those killed by a devastating cyclone that has forced thousands to seek refuge in emergency shelters . The death toll along India 's southeastern coastline stood at 27 as of Sunday , according to officials . This was two days after Cyclone Thane brought heavy rains and winds gusting at almost 90 miles per hour at its peak to the area . Pratibha Devisingh Patil reached out to some of those affected by the storm in the states of Tamil Nadu and Puducherry , according to a statement posted on her website . "  The president has conveyed her condolences to the members of bereaved families and wished speedy recovery to the injured persons , " her office said . The Tamil Nadu district of Cuddalore , south of the city of Chennai , was hit particularly hard . The storm uprooted trees , ripped off traffic signals from their posts and sent shards of glass and other debris whizzing through the air . Amuthavalli , the district 's top official who goes by a single name , told CNN that some people lost their lives when walls collapsed or downed power lines caused electrocution . Some 7,000 people are staying in emergency shelters set up in school buildings , community halls and 20 cyclone centers in the Cuddalore area , she said . One of those killed was a French national , the French Foreign Ministry said Saturday .	Pratibha Devisingh Patil offers condolences to "  bereaved families " of 27 killed by storm She also wishes a "  speedy recovery " to those injured by Cyclone Thane Electrocution was to blame for some of the deaths , an official said
After months of intense political rumors , China 's ruling Communist Party announced Tuesday an official probe into a retired senior leader for suspected "  serious disciplinary violation . " Zhou Yongkang , the former domestic security czar , was placed under investigation in accordance with Party regulations , the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a one-line statement without elaborating . Before stepping down in late 2012 , Zhou , 71 , was one of the nine members that formed the Politburo Standing Committee , China 's top decision-making body that effectively rules the country of more than 1.3 billion people . Under his watch , the domestic security budget swelled to surpass that of the military in the name of "  maintaining stability , " as a widening income gap between the rich and the poor as well as growing discontent over official corruption fueled social unrest nationwide . Amid an intensifying anti-corruption campaign launched by President Xi Jinping , many political analysts and ordinary citizens have noted ties between an increasing number of disgraced officials and Zhou in recent months . Zhou himself had been rumored to be under house arrest before Tuesday 's announcement . The Xi Jinping cipher : Reformer or a ` dictator ' ? State media have reported official anti-corruption probes into many of Zhou 's family members as well as former associates in the domestic security apparatus , state oil industry and southwestern Sichuan province -- three places Zhou once ruled . Three of his former senior aides were arrested early this month . If indicted , Zhou would become the highest-ranking official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the People 's Republic . "  It 's almost certain the he would be put on trial and appear in public , " said Professor Willy Lam with Chinese University of Hong Kong , a longtime commentator on Chinese politics . "  The important thing is that Xi Jinping has proven he 's powerful enough to break this taboo of never incriminating former Politburo Standing Committee members -- and in the future he can use this anti-corruption card to thrash his political enemies . " The news on Zhou came on the heels of the downfall of several former high-ranking officials , including a retired top general of the 2 million-strong People 's Liberation Army . Gen. Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission , which runs the world 's largest standing army , was expelled from the Communist Party and handed over to prosecutors after being found to have accepted bribes , state-run Xinhua news agency reported early this month . Xu was also a member of the Politburo before retiring in 2012 . State media have characterized Xu as a big "  military tiger " caught in the massive anti-graft campaign spearheaded by Xi , who is also the commander-in-chief . Xi banned official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- and vowed to target "  tigers and flies " alike in his fight against corruption . He resolved to spare no one , regardless of position . CCTV recently touted the capture of 35 "  tigers " since Xi took power less than two years ago . Some 182,000 officials were disciplined in 2013 , while courts nationwide tried 23,000 corruption cases , according to the Communist Party 's disciplinary commission . State media have cited the trial and conviction last year of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- a protégé of Zhou -- as a prime example of Xi 's determination to clean up the party , though Bo supporters called the case against him politically motivated . "  Now everybody is really scared -- and this would have a big impact on the behavior of senior Party members , " said Lam , the political analyst . "  But nobody expects corruption to be eradicated . It is built into the system , a system without checks and balances . "	"  It 's almost certain " Zhou would be put on trial , a longtime political observer says Zhou had been on the nine-member Politburo Standing Committee He had been rumored to be under house arrest before Tuesday 's announcement If indicted , he would be the highest-ranking PRC official ever to face corruption charges
Washington  CNN  -- When House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi announced that she would seek to keep her leadership role she stood flanked by a cheering phalanx of her female colleagues . Pelosi , who prior to the Democratic Party 's loss of the House in 2010 served as its first female speaker , sandwiched her announcement between pointed comments about the Democratic agenda and how she sees her party 's policies as helpful to women . Pelosi said she would vie to keep her leadership role "  in order to continue work on empowering women . " But as even Democrats exult an election which saw , for the first time in history , women and minorities net the majority of House seats on their side of the aisle and a record 16 Democratic seats in the Senate , political experts warn against premature celebration . Pelosi to run again for Democratic leader An increase in the number of women does not automatically translate into increased political power . Democrats may have been able to woo female voters and throw tremendous support behind getting women elected to office , but that "  does n't mean that is how they govern , " said Jennifer Lawless , director of the Women & Politics Institute at American University . "  Moving forward in the direction that will improve women 's social , economic and political autonomy takes time , " she said -- time and the type of power that House Democrats currently lack . New U.S. House : Women and minorities to the left ; white men to the right Democrats are the minority in the House and do not have control of that chamber 's most powerful committees . That means they have far less control over the types of legislation that comes out of those committees . And even within the Democratic House caucus , women are far outnumbered and outranked on some of the most powerful committees . "  The most traditional measure  of political power  would be leadership positions , not just ranking positions on key committees but any membership on these committees , " Lawless said . There is only one Democratic woman , Rep. Shelley Berkley of Nevada , on the powerful House Ways and Means committee , which oversees tax writing , revenue and entitlement programs . There are other male lawmakers ahead of her with seniority to serve as ranking member . The ranking Democrats on the Appropriations , Budget , Education and the Workforce and Energy and Commerce committees are also all men . New York Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter , one of the longest-serving women in Congress , is the ranking member on the House Rules Committee . While the Senate has a greater share of women in leadership positions , there are no Republican women in top leadership roles . There are also other questions of whether women indeed have an equal place at the political table , Lawless said . Lawless added that there are questions , like who is sponsoring significant pieces of legislation ? Who are the most outspoken members regarding women 's issues ? Are women leading the discussions on the fiscal cliff ? With their big political win , the new American electorate has arrived Those questions will perhaps best be answered when the new Congress convenes in January . However , with such dramatic demographic and ideological differences in the House â $ " women and minorities make up the majority on the left , white men are the majority on the right â $ " Congress is likely headed for more partisan gridlock , said David Wasserman , House editor for the Cook Political Report . For example , "  It will be more difficult to pass a bill to address the debt , " he said . The two parties and their newly remade majorities also will likely be at loggerheads on such issues as entitlement spending , immigration and health care reform , political experts say . In the upcoming policy debates , the Republican side of the aisle will find it tougher to utilize their dwindled female corps to reach out to their Democratic compatriots , political experts say . "  For Republican women it was a bad night , " Michele Swers , a Georgetown University professor of American government , said of Election Night . In the House , a number of Republican women lost races including Saratoga Springs , Utah , Mayor Mia Love , a Mormon of Haitian descent and rising Republican Party star who was given a high-profile speaking role at the Republican National Convention in August . Others , such as tea party favorite and former presidential candidate Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota narrowly kept their seats . The majority of the Republican-held House seats are occupied by white men . Rep. Cathy McMorris Rogers of Washington , the GOP 's top woman in the House , was elected Republican Conference Chairman on Wednesday , despite the fact that Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , Mitt Romney 's running mate , threw his support behind Rep. Tom Price of Georgia . "  They 're somewhat limited , " Lawless said of the GOP leadership 's ability to put forth women on key issues . "  Only 10 % of the Republican Congress is women . To the extent they want to be inclusive , it 's not as if there 's dozens and dozens of women who can speak for them . The lack of numbers hurts . "	Democrats cheer gains of women , but experts say power is not yet among them There are few women in either party who hold key roles on powerful House committees True test will be increase in leadership roles , sponsoring legislation , political experts say
Need outside help to feed your family ? You 're in solid company . A new survey reveals that one in seven Americans -- more than 46 million people -- relies on charitable programs and services to get the nutrition they need to remain healthy . The quadrennial Hunger In America report was funded by The Howard G. Buffett Foundation on behalf of the nonprofit hunger assistance group Feeding America , and compiled from answers to confidential surveys filled out by over 60,000 individual recipients of food aid and 32,000 surveys completed by the group 's network agencies . The results paint a portrait of an America still struggling to meet its most basic needs in the wake of an economic downturn . The survey was conducted during a historically high demand for food assistance , with unemployment and poverty rates remaining high after 2008 's recession . While the number of households receiving nutrition assistance from the federal government 's Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program  previously known as food stamps  increased by approximately 50 % between 2009 and 2013 , the report found that this was matched by radically increased need for outside charitable resources . How to feed your family from a food bank So who is going hungry ? Children , military families and the long-term unemployed -- and it 's taking a toll on the nation 's health . "  The results from this historic study are truly alarming . Many of the people we serve struggle not only to get enough to eat , but also to keep a roof over their heads , the lights on in their homes , and to cover their healthcare and medicine costs , " said Bob Aiken , CEO of Feeding America , in a statement . The federal government defines "  food security " as all people in a household having enough food for a healthy lifestyle at all times . According to a 2012 USDA report , more than one in seven households reported not meeting that criteria at some point during that year . Around 7 million of those included a family member who skipped meals or went hungry so that other members could have enough to eat . Of the households included in the Hunger In America survey , 66 % reported having to choose between paying for food and paying for medicine or medical care , 79 % of households purchased the cheapest food available , even if they knew it was n't the healthiest option . Thirty-three percent of those households include a member with diabetes and 58 % include a member with high blood pressure -- both conditions are linked to poor nutrition . How do you stretch your food dollars ? While SNAP provides some relief for the lowest-income families and vulnerable populations such as seniors , children and pregnant and post-partum women , the nation 's 7 % unemployment rate between late 2008 and late 2013 added significantly to the number of food insecure households . Many families considered "  working poor " received no federal assistance because a member 's employment , full-time or partial , nudged them over the maximum income allowed to qualify , even if others were unable to find employment . It falls to charitable organizations , such as Feeding America 's network of 200 member food banks to make up the shortfall . The group assists more than 46 million people annually , including 12 million children and 7 million seniors . Ten percent of its adult clients are students , and 20 % of the families served include an active duty or veteran member of the military . Among all of Feeding America 's clients , 43 % are white , 26 % are black , and 20 % are Latino . While just over half  55 %  receive some assistance from SNAP , one in five survey participants indicated that they never applied for benefits because they assumed that they would not qualify . Opinion : SNAP is n't about a ` free lunch ' On the national level , Aiken 's group secures food from corporate manufacturers , retailers and suppliers , as well as government food supplies , and distributes them throughout its network , which encompasses all 50 states as well as Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico . Feeding America also provides its local networks with $ 30 million worth of grants annually , and assists with individual food banks ' efforts to secure donations from local businesses . Nearly 2 million volunteers provide the muscle -- 8.4 million hours ' worth -- for the network 's outreach each month , serving 3 billion meals over the course of the year . Still , hungry Americans are left with hard choices about how to keep their families healthy . A query of Eatocracy readers in the wake of last November 's SNAP cuts that left 47 million people with $ 36 a month less to spend on food revealed both innovation and sacrifice from both food bank volunteers and patrons alike . "  Soup is always good . You can make 10 servings of good hearty and filling soup for less than $ 10 . Buy day or two old bread for toast , bread pudding or a breakfast . Many stores sell baked goods at a discount price once they are a day or two old . Purchase packed meats on their expiration day . You can often save $ 3-5 on such a meat package , " wrote one respondent via Facebook . Another emphasized the importance of advance planning , writing , "  I 'm homeless and I am still able to buy food and sometimes even meat ! Why , because because I think about what I can buy before I get to the store with the money that I have ! Aldis , Dollar General and Walmart are my usual choices . Hint , shop at the outside aisles because these are where the cheaper brands and clearance items usually are . I can forage for food better than most , so I leave the welfare for the welfare moms ! " In Aiken 's eyes , the struggle for healthy food is one that all Americans must first acknowledge , and then help shoulder . "  The Hunger in America 2014 findings demonstrate the urgent need for all of us to address hunger in our communities , " said Aiken . "  This data provides a factual basis for decisions about how we as a nation approach hunger relief and protect our most vulnerable citizens . "	In the wake of 2008 's economic downturn , a survey shows Americans are still struggling One in seven Americans relies on charitable donations to feed their families Two-thirds of households say they have had to choose between medical care and food The "  working poor " often earn slightly too much to qualify for federal food benefits
CNN  -- A man believed to have been exposed to the deadly poison ricin in a hotel room in Las Vegas , Nevada , is out of his coma and is being questioned by authorities , FBI Special Agent David Staretz said Friday . Ricin , guns and an "  anarchist-type textbook " were found in a room in this Las Vegas hotel , police say . Staretz would not comment further on Roger Bergendorff , 57 , who authorities said was taken to a hospital February 14 after complaining of breathing difficulties . He is listed in critical condition , said Naomi Jones , spokeswoman for Spring Valley Hospital Medical Center in Las Vegas . Bergendorff , an artist who neighbors said had lived in his cousin 's basement before moving to Las Vegas , was exposed to the poison in a Las Vegas extended-stay hotel , a law enforcement official said . The Riverton , Utah , home where Bergendorff previously lived belongs to Thomas Tholen , who along with his wife and daughter tested negative for ricin , according to authorities . That home and three storage areas in nearby West Jordan , Utah , were searched for ricin earlier this month and declared safe by authorities . A relative who went to Bergendorff 's hotel room after he was sent to the hospital found the substance and alerted police February 27 . Ricin is a poison that can be made from waste left over after processing castor beans , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can come in the form of a mist or pellet and can be dissolved in water or weak acid , the agency said . E-mail to a friend	Roger Bergendorff thought exposed to ricin in Nevada hotel room Bergendorff , in coma since February , awake and being questioned Ricin is poison that can be made from waste after processing castor beans
CNN  -- Inadequate security measures and an unprepared military are two factors that allowed a group of Islamists to attack and take hostages at a gas field in Algeria in January , a report says . The report by Statoil , whose employees were among those taken hostage , says the companies that ran the gas field never anticipated a scenario where a large force of attackers hit the facility . The companies were too dependent on the Algerian military , which was "  not able to detect or prevent the attackers from reaching the site , " the report says . At least 37 hostages were killed in the four-day ordeal . The plant is run by In Amenas Gas , a joint venture between oil giant BP , Statoil , and Sonatrach . Among the victims were five Statoil employees , which led the company to conduct an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the attack . "  The terror attack against In Amenas was an unprecedented attack , " lead investigator Torgeir Hagen said in a statement . "  It clearly demonstrates that also companies like Statoil today face serious security threats . " Algeria attack changes terror landscape in North Africa The investigation team concluded that a different response to the attack would not have changed the outcome . But the lesson is that the site was not designed with security measures that would stop or slow an attack on that scale , the report says . The militant siege caught the world 's attention as it ensnared citizens from several nations and dragged on for days . Algerian authorities said they believe the attack was revenge for allowing France to use Algerian airspace for an offensive against Islamist militants in neighboring Mali . A group led by the jihadist commander known as "  Mr. Marlboro , " Moktar Belmoktar , was responsible for the deadly attack . The plant in southern Algeria employed about 790 people , including 134 foreign workers . Algeria hostage crisis shows jihadists on rise	An Algerian gas field was attacked in January The site did n't have security measures that could have stopped the attack , report says A different response would not have changed the outcome , says report from Statoil At least 37 hostages were killed in the four-day ordeal
PADANG , Indonesia  CNN  -- As many as 4,000 people could be buried under the rubble in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes in Indonesia , United Nations officials said Saturday . Indonesian soldiers crawl under the rubble of a collapsed building to search for victims . Local disaster management officials put the death toll from the quakes at 540 . Earlier U.N. figures that put the death toll at 1,100 were just estimates , said El-Mostafa Benlamlih , a U.N. humanitarian coordinator . A 7.6-magnitude quake struck Sumatra on Wednesday and a 6.6-magnitude earthquake hit Thursday morning in the same region . Wednesday 's quake reduced buildings to rubble in the city . People used hammers , chisels and bare hands to dig through debris for survivors and belongings . Watch CNN 's Arwa Damon report on search-and-rescue efforts " Staff at a local hospital treated the injured outside the semi-collapsed building as bodies of the dead lay in makeshift morgues . An area that now looks like a flattened mess of destruction was , just days ago , a group of three villages . Officials believe 90 percent of the residents -- as many as a few hundred people -- were buried , just one piece of the devastation from two large earthquakes that struck Indonesia in as many days . The stench of dead bodies fills the air . Indonesia 's health ministry and ministry of social affairs said Friday they believe thousands remain buried beneath rubble . The West Sumatran capital , Padang , with about a million residents , is near the epicenter . CNN 's Arwa Damon spoke with a few dozen survivors from these villages in the area , most of whom only made it through because they were n't home during the quake . They remained huddled together in a tent , in shock over what had happened . One older woman said eight of her family members were buried . She had been buried up to her chest and had to dig herself out . Another survivor , a 27-year-old man , told CNN four of his family members were killed . His home used to be on top of a cliff in the area . Now , there is only mud . Search and rescue teams are working with the military , but so far , only 25 bodies have been recovered . With each passing day , the scope of the devastation grows . Watch aftermath at house leveled by quake " President Obama spoke with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Friday after trying several times to reach him , the White House said . Obama received an update on the situation on the ground from Yudhoyono in the five-minute call . The White House statement says Obama "  offered , on behalf of the United States , to do everything we can to help alleviate the suffering and provide assistance to the relief operation . " The U.N. 's Holmes told reporters Thursday that hundreds are believed to be injured . "  These numbers , I fear , will rise as more information becomes available , " he added . Telecommunications are difficult in the region , roads are cut off , and the hardest-hit area , including Padang , lacks power and other services , Holmes said . In addition , heavy rainfall has hindered search and rescue efforts . Some have suggested the damage may be worse than that of a 6.3-magnitude quake centered in the central Java city of Yogyakarta in May 2006 , Holmes said . That temblor killed more than 5,000 people and triggered fears of an eruption from a nearby volcano . Many people wandered the streets of Padang stunned and dazed . Some searched the rubble for survivors . Staff at a local hospital treated the injured outside the semi-collapsed building as bodies of the dead lay in makeshift morgues . Several of the hospital 's buildings were severely damaged . Damage in the town itself was spotty ; some buildings remained intact near others in ruins . "  Aftershocks can be just as devastating as the initial quake , " said Adjie Fachrurrazi , emergency response coordinator in Indonesia for the CARE aid organization , in a statement . "  After an earthquake of this size , we know the immediate needs are going to be getting safe water , food and emergency supplies to the survivors . The question now is : How bad is it ? We 're hoping for the best , but the information so far is not looking good . " Amelia Merrick , the operations director for World Vision Indonesia , described the situation as "  quite devastating . " "  Bridges have gone down , phone lines are in total disrepair , " she said . "  It 's difficult for us to assess the situation . " Earlier this month , an earthquake in West Java killed 57 people . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Ben Adams near Padang , Indonesia ; Andy Saputra in Jakarta , Indonesia ; and Tricia Escobedo in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	United Nations fears 4,000 buried beneath rubble , current death toll 540 Rescue efforts hampered by heavy rain , power outages , impassable roads People use hammers , chisels , bare hands to dig through rubble for survivors
CNN  -- England got their rugby union Six Nations campaign off to a flying start after defeating Wales 26-19 in Cardiff . It was England 's first win at the Millennium Stadium in the Welsh capital since 2003 and gave notice that manager Martin Johnson 's side could be a force in this year 's championship . Two tries from Chris Ashton , who plays for the Northampton Saints , two conversion kicks and three penalty kicks from Toby Flood , and a late penalty from Jonny Wilkinson , sealed an impressive victory . As for Wales , their run of not having won a Test match for 10 months continued . CNN 's Six Nations preview The annual tournament sees England , Scotland , Wales , Ireland , France and Italy play each other once to determine the overall champion . After a war of words developed in the build-up to the game , it was Wales who dominated the early exchanges but they failed to get points on the board as Stephen Jones and then James Hook missed the chance to register three points with penalties . Can the All Blacks shed ` World Cup chokers ' tag ? England took advantage soon after as they registered their first try . Flood charged through a gap in the Welsh defence and offloaded to Ashton , who dived over the line in exuberant fashion to record five points . Flood then added two more points with the try conversion kick . Flood then converted a penalty to give England a ten-point cushion but a yellow card for Louis Deacon forced him to sit in the sin-bin for ten minutes and brought the home side back into the match . Jones slotted two penalties to bring the game within four points but Flood gave England breathing space with an early second half kick . Wales ' Craig Mitchell was then sent to the sin-bin and England capitalized in his absence as Ashton was released by Mark Cueto to score a try in the corner . A flowing Wales move handed them a lifeline as Morgan Stoddart scored a try and Jones converted to bring them back within four points . But England 's World Cup hero of 2007 , Jonny Wilkinson , then slotted a late penalty to ease English nerves and seal the contest . Italy begin their campaign at home to Ireland on Saturday while France entertain Scotland on Sunday .	England beat Wales 26-19 in the opening game of rugby union 's Six Nations tournament Chris Ashton scores two tries for England who win in Wales for the first time since 2003 Toby Flood scores 13 points for England and Jonny Wilkinson three
CNN  -- The selection of a Sudanese military commander to head the Arab League monitoring mission in Syria is a "  farce " because of his government 's actions in the embattled Darfur region , a Syrian opposition group said Wednesday . Lt. Gen. Mohamed Ahmed Mustafa al-Dabi has been named to chair the monitoring mission , designed to see whether the Bashar al-Assad regime is taking appropriate measures to end more than nine months of civil strife across the country . Al-Dabi and his monitoring team arrived in the Syrian city of Homs on Tuesday , and the observers were fanning out to other trouble spots Wednesday , including Idlib , Daraa and Hama . The objections to al-Dabi 's presence appeared in a statement from the Doctors Local Committee in Damascus . The remarks showed up in a post on the website of the Local Coordinating Committees of Syria , a major opposition activist network . "  The appointment of al-Dabi taints the Arab League 's efforts and characterizes it as nothing more than a political farce , causing little help but much harm to the situation in Syria . We call for a fair , independent observer mission to be allowed full and unrestricted access to all areas of Syria . It would be more appropriate , in our view , in the circumstances of the current conflict , for the United Nations to be mandated to conduct the monitoring mission , " the statement said . Rebels in Darfur have fought government forces and allied militiamen , such as the Janjaweed , since 2003 . The United Nations reported as many as 300,000 people were killed and there has been widespread displacement over the years in Darfur , located in western Sudan . The International Criminal Court , investigating genocide and crimes against humanity in Darfur , issued arrest warrants for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , then-government minister Ahmed Harun , Janjaweed leader Ali Kushayb , and Defense Minister Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein . It issued summonses to appear for Abdallah Banda and Saleh Jerbo , two rebel leaders accused of spearheading an attack that killed 12 African Union peacekeepers . An Arab League source told CNN that the claims against al-Dabi "  come with no evidence . " But the Syrian opposition statement said al-Dabi was a director of Sudan 's military intelligence "  during the early years " of al-Bashir 's "  salvation regime . " "  He was later appointed as head of Foreign Intelligence before he returned in 1996 to the military as the Deputy Chief of General Staff . It was during this time that Al-Dabi is accused of allowing or at the very least , turning a blind eye , to mass atrocities being committed in Darfur , " the statement said . "  Although not the subject of an investigation by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , his role as the deputy head of Foreign Intelligence , raises questions as to his knowledge of mass atrocities in Darfur and consequently his role as the head of an investigative commission tasked with identifying whether the al-Assad regime is responsible for committing crimes against humanity . " The opposition movement says there is widespread "  incredulity " and "  condemnation " over the appointment because of his roles in Sudan . "  Al-Dabi is now tasked with probing war crimes and crimes against humanity allegedly committed against Syria victims . It is enough that the Syrian victims have had to wait this long for an observer mission , with calls being made as early as April 2011 . Now over 30 of the members of the Arab League observer mission are of Sudanese origin , " the statement said . Abdel Karim Rihawi , the head of Syrian Human Rights League based in Cairo , also complained to the Arab League about al-Dabi and the Darfur connection . "  This is not acceptable and could jeopardize the credibility of the mission and its role , " Rihawi said . The Enough Project , a group devoted to fighting genocide and crimes against humanity and focused on crises in several African nations , has called the choice "  perplexing . " "  When he served as Sudan 's former head of Military Intelligence and when he oversaw implementation of the Darfur Security Arrangement , alleged war crimes including genocide were committed on his watch , " Enough Project Sudan analyst Omer Ismail said last week . "  Instead of heading a team entrusted with a probe of alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity by Syria , the general should be investigated by the ICC for evidence of similar crimes in Sudan . " Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : An Arab League source says the claims "  come with no evidence " The ICC has issued warrants for some Sudanese , including the president Enough Project called the choice of al-Dabi ` perplexing ' Al-Dabi is accused of "  turning a blind eye " to Darfur
CNN  -- They 're among the rarest instruments in the world , but they 'll be discarded come spring . They 're so fragile even the players ' breath risks nudging them out of tune . Turn up the temperature in the concert hall and you 'd have , not a finely chiseled viola , flute or conga , but a glass of water . "  And you 'd be healthier for drinking it ! " says Tim Linhart , ice-instrument maker extraordinaire to an orchestra playing a series of concerts throughout the winter in the remote Swedish town of Luleå , just beneath the Arctic Circle . Hearing is believing Hearing really is believing when it comes to these evanescent instruments made -- bar the strings and other odd parts of metal or wood -- entirely from frozen water . Linhart has held ice concerts not only in Sweden over the past 15 years but also in far-flung locations from Beaver Creek , Colorado , to the Italian alps . His main problem , he says , in attracting a greater audience to the genre is people 's incredulity that an ice instrument could make more than the most rudimentary sound . A recording of an ice violinist busking a solo classical piece outside Luleå 's House of Culture in around -10 C is evidence to the contrary . The sound is sharp and ethereal , with a wide tonal range . Not only classical But the ice repertoire does n't include only refined , classical pieces . Along with the violins and a viola , cellos and a bass , there 's an ice banjo in this year 's lineup to accent country and bluegrass numbers . Six - and 12-string guitars suit rock 'n' roll , and an ice xylophone resting on bicycle inner tubes -- to aid its resonance -- works across the genres . As for the orchestra 's gigantic spherical "  bubble drums , " Linhart tells CNN , "  they really shake your skeleton . " Doubtless they 'll be deployed to funky effect in the -- inevitably , this being Sweden -- series of Abba-themed concerts among the 40 or so on the program this year . Winter pursuit A stone sculptor in warmer months , the bearded Linhart , 53 , makes all the instruments for the winter concerts in a six-week burst in his back garden . They 're transported to a specially built igloo auditorium seating 170 people in a nature park outside Luleå , where the orchestra plays . Originally from New Mexico , Linhart was invited to this town of 80,000 residents in Swedish Lapland 10 years ago to take part in the building of one of the world 's first ice hotels . He met his wife here . That 's one reason he 's stuck around , but no doubt it also helped that Luleå is one of the coldest towns in Sweden . Saving on its air con bills , Facebook is building its first server farm outside the United States in the town . Lovers of a cold climate So , apart from loving a sub-zero climate , how else do ice instruments differ from the conventional kind ? They 're quicker to make , for a start , Linhart says . "  I can do the carving on the front and back plate of a standup bass in two hours . "  The chisel just glides through the ice . "  My tools are similar to those of a regular instrument maker , " he says . But when it comes to sealing one of his creations together , "  the only glue I use is water . " "  If you want to glue a crack in an ice instrument , you just take a little straw , blow through it until the ice melts and then let it freeze again . "  With wood , you can only carve . "  With ice , you can also grow . " Just add water ! Another difference from conventional instrument making ? Linhart wears dishwashing gloves while he 's carving , something you would n't see many master violin makers doing . Icy materials The sculptor works mainly with "  white ice , " a pearl-colored blend of water and snow that 's especially flexible when frozen . Then there 's clear ice : "  Pure frozen water with no flaws , just molecule against molecule all the way through . " But it 's harder to find . Northern Sweden is a good place to look , but you have to dig 20 centimeters beneath a lake surface to find the bubble-free stuff . Instruments wrought from either material are both more beautiful and more fragile than traditional instruments , Linhard says . What other instrument , he asks , lets the light shine through ? Their unique visual qualities are exploited in the performances , when non-warming LEDs , constantly shifting in color , are placed inside the instruments . "  It 's like a nightclub in heaven , " Linhart says . Spring thaw The instruments are exceedingly delicate . They melt in springtime and require constant maintenance before then . When played , the violins are suspended by strings from the ceiling to keep them from the musician 's warm body . Just the breath from players and audience means every instrument has to be re-tuned slightly between each song . Such attention is worth it , says Linhart , for the exquisite sound these magical objects produce . "  Ice instruments have a more detailed sound than wood , say , which absorbs the vibrations from the strings and dampens the sound , " he says . "  Ice is stiffer . It picks up all the vibrations . "  That 's why it makes your hair stand on end . "  You might think the sound on a normal instrument is perfectly clear -- until you hear an ice instrument and go , ` Ah ha ! ' "  The clarity is crystal . " Flight plans Up next on Linhard 's icy agenda is an instrument dreamed up specifically for ice called the orgasmatron , after the machine in the Woody Allen film "  Sleeper . " It 's like a cello , but one a player bows from inside , making his or her body part of the sound . Linhart does n't intend his ice-crafting career to end with instruments . His dream project is an ultralight airplane made from ice . Luckily , temperatures tends to get colder the higher you fly . Ice Music continues in Luleå until April 6 . You can view the concert program at Icemusic.se . Tickets booked at Ticnet.se . Pieces of ice : "  Shining Child , " played by Michael Mandrell "  Terra Aria , " played by cellist Giovanni Solima .	Orchestra playing ice instruments stages winter concerts in Sweden People surprised at how beautiful ice can sound , says instrument maker Expat American Tim Linhart has organized ice concerts throughout world Next on his drawing board : a plane made from ice
CNN  The hip-hop world is mourning the death of A$ AP Yams , one of the founding members of the Harlem-based collective A$ AP Mob . "  Always strive and prosper . RIP Yams , " said a post Sunday on the group 's official Facebook page with a black-and-white photo of Yams , whose real name is Steven Rodriguez . He was 26 years old . "  We bugged out on New Years , I did n't know that would be the last time Seeing my brother , " A$ AP Ferg , one of the stars who emerged from the A$ AP collective , wrote in a post on Instagram . "  R.i.P bro . We all love and Miss you . " The group 's record company , RCA Records , said it was "  shocked and saddened to hear of the death of A$ AP Yams , " according to a statement reported by Rolling Stone . "  As one of the creative forces behind A$ AP Worldwide , Yams ' vision , humor and dedication to the members of A$ AP Mob will always be remembered , " the statement said . It was n't immediately clear how Yams had died . Other hip-hop stars expressed their sadness and paid tribute to his life on social media . "  Rest in peace Yams . A$ AP is family , " tweeted Drake . "  A.S.A.P YAMS should be remembered as a leader , an innovator and most importantly as an important part of NYC youth culture , " wrote Azealia Banks . Rather than being famous for rapping or mixing , Yams is credited with masterminding the rise of A$ AP Mob and launching the careers of A$ AP Ferg and the chart-topping A$ AP Rocky . "  Rocky 's like Luke Skywalker , and I 'm Yoda , " Yams said in an interview with The New York Times in 2013 , explaining their respective roles . "  R.I.P Yams , I love you brother , " Rocky posted on Facebook . "  You were the brilliant mind , you put us on Game , you changed our lives . You changed my life , you changed the world , " Ferg wrote on Instagram next to a photo of him and Yams kneeling on stage . Yams was born to a Dominican mother and a Puerto Rican father , according to The New York Times interview . He grew up on the southern edge of Harlem with a lifelong obsession with hip-hop . "  Yams is the hip-hop encyclopedia , " Rocky said in the article . "  He 's no joke . That 's one person I ca n't front on when it comes to music . " People we 've lost in 2015	A$ AP Yams , whose real name is Steven Rodriguez , dies at 26 "  R.i.P bro . We all love and Miss you , " says A$ AP Ferg , one of the stars from A$ AP Mob Other hip-hop figures , including Drake and Azealia Banks , pay tribute
It was another December afternoon back in 2000 , spent like hundreds of others combing the rocky hills of the Dikika region , when Ethiopian scientist Zeray Alemseged heard one of his assistants nearby calling him . "  He said ` oh , doctor I see something there , ' " recalls Alemseged , who 'd been excavating the hot and dry landscape for over a year , helped only by a small inexperienced crew of locals . "  And I went there and I see the cheek bone part ... sticking out of the rock . I turned it upside down and my jaw literally dropped . " Instantly , Alemseged realized this was an extraordinary discovery that could make scientific history . "  Right away I could tell this is a child of a human ancestor , " says the paleoanthropologist . "  You have this child in a block of sandstone , with the baby teeth still visible , very vertical forehead , small canine , " he adds . "  But it 's so rare and so unbelievable that I just could n't accept that was the case , that what I saw was the skeleton . " Read this : Civil war survivor creates bionic limbs Yet Alemseged did not want to make news of his discovery public until he had a more complete picture of what he 'd unearthed . So he kept it quiet as he meticulously prepared and analyzed the fossil . "  The skeleton was encaved in a block of sandstone matrix , which is very densely compact , very inured sand , so that I had to go remove the sand grain by grain , " says Alemseged . "  So I took my time , and people advised me to employ technicians , and technicians can do that job , but I said ` no , it 's going to take as long as it takes but I 'm not going to delegate this work of the exploration of this unique child to anyone else but me . ' " Alemseged then spent years in the lab painstakingly picking away the sand grain by grain . By using a super microscope , he was able to see details in the teeth embedded in the skull that revealed to him the skeleton 's age and the sex . He now knew the fossil was that of a three-year-old girl who had died 3.3 million years ago . Finally , after more than six long years , Alemseged was ready to present to the world "  Selam , " the fossil known as "  the world 's oldest child . " "  When the time came to go to the press conference , " remembers Alemseged , "  it was like a woman is pregnant and she is holding that baby for nine months and when the baby comes out , what happens is -- in spite of the pain , in spite of the long , tedious process of carrying the baby -- you see her smiling , you see her beautiful wonderful face trying to share the baby with her husband or the doctor . "  So I shared my baby with the audience but the different thing is that I was sharing a child that belonged not only to me but to humanity , to seven billion individuals . " Read this : African midwife , Nobel Peace Prize ? That press conference in 2006 turned Alemseged , who was just 31 when he 'd discovered Selam , into a hero in the world of science . Over the next few years , his work took him all over the world , winning him international admiration for his achievements . Today Alemseged is the director of anthropology at the California Academy of Sciences , a multifaceted scientific institution and museum where he combines his scientific research with his passion for public education . "  When I got involved in this type of research I decided to not only read what has already been discovered but also to make my own discoveries and I can proudly say that I have achieved that with the discovery of Selam and many other fossils , " he says . "  Those finds are finds that change textbooks , literally , so I am happy but I 'm not satisfied -- I will be satisfied only if I could instill the same type of psychology , the same type of excitement , the same type of passion to the next generations of Africans . " Read this : Ethiopian town breeding Olympians Alemseged , a father of two , enjoys the opportunity to share his findings with the world and possibly inspire a new generation of scientists . In recent years , he 's teamed up with other scientists from his continent to create the East African Association for Paleoanthropology , a group holding regular conferences to bring together top scientists and researchers from the region and beyond . And while his achievements have made him a success story that young Ethiopians can aspire to , Alemseged 's efforts to create a positive impact on young Africans are just a small step toward his ultimate goals . "  I think both my family and Ethiopia are proud of me , but I still think that I still have so much to offer , not just to Ethiopia , but to Africa and to humanity in general , " he says . "  My work is beyond nations , beyond nationalities , beyond continents -- it unites everyone on the planet . So when I achieve that , I 'm sure Ethiopia and my family are or will be proud of me and I thank them for all of the opportunities they have provided me with also . "	Ethiopian Zeray Alemseged discovered the fossil known as "  the world 's oldest child " The skeletal remains belonged to a three-year-old girl who died 3.3 million years ago Alemseged , who made the discovery in Ethiopia in 2000 , named the fossil Selam Today Alemseged is the director of anthropology at the California Academy of Sciences
CNN  -- As election 2012 heats up , the question of how corporations will figure into the first presidential election post-Citizens United is a hot topic . This week , both Pepsi and Coca Cola renounced their membership in the American Legislative Exchange Council , giving us a hint of what corporate accountability might look like this election year . The companies quit the trade group , which had been pushing restrictive voter ID laws , after being targeted by prominent African-American progressive group Color of Change . With the controversial 2010 Citizens United decision , the Supreme Court declared the corporate expenditure ban unconstitutional , holding that independent expenditures could not be constitutionally limited in federal elections , and implicitly that corporations could give unlimited amounts to other groups to spend , as long as the expenditures were made independently from the supported candidate . The president criticized the move in his State of the Union address that year , and a poll shortly after the decision demonstrated that 80 % of Americans , from both sides of the aisle , opposed the ruling . Subsequent polls show consistent concern about the amount of corporate money being spent in our political system . The soda giants ' announcements indicate that corporate fallout in 2012 may extend well beyond ad spending enabled by Citizens United . Social media has enabled consumers to register opinions with unprecedented speed and visibility and , in the ever-competitive marketplace , companies are responding in real time . Coca-Cola announced it would leave ALEC a mere five hours after Color of Change went public with its complaint . Pepsi followed suit on Thursday . At issue are two hot-button topics : voter suppression and the "  stand your ground " law that has been invoked as defense in the February shooting death of Trayvon Martin . Both are timely and relevant , both disproportionately affect the African-American community and both were hatched in closed-door sessions at ALEC meetings . ALEC is not a new group ; it predates the Citizens United decision by almost four decades . ALEC brings together corporations , conservative think-tanks and Republican legislators to collaborate on model legislation generally introduced through state houses . The voter ID laws at the center of the controversy have passed several state houses and face challenges from the Justice Department for racial bias . An estimated third of African-Americans do not hold state registered identification , so would be prevented from voting under these laws . Voting rights advocates claim these laws would effectively keep millions of Americans from the polls . Yet studies show that voter fraud is exceedingly rare and where it does exist , it is not likely to be remedied by instituting ID laws . This sharp protest against ALEC laws comes on the heels of the institution being spotlighted for its role in the stand your ground legislation at the center of the Trayvon Martin tragedy . Stand your ground was unveiled by the National Rifle Association at a 2005 ALEC gathering and since the initial meeting , 24 states have passed the law . News : NRA 's role with ALEC Americans generally co-exist peacefully with the corporations whose activities pervade our daily lives . There is a mutually recognized symbiotic relationship . But , at a time when American confidence in government is at an all-time low , voters have little tolerance for displays of affinity between elected officials and powerful corporate interests . Early on in the Republican primary , presumed nominee Mitt Romney was skewered for a response to a question at the Iowa State Fair , where he proclaimed , "  Corporations are people . " This is a sentiment almost 60 % of Americans disagree with , and it reinforces that Romney 's history of wealth and corporate elitism put him out of touch with the common concerns of most Americans and casts doubt on where his loyalty would lie if elected . Coke and Pepsi are hardly the first to face the wrath of disgruntled citizens . In 2010 , Target Corp. came under intense fire after Minnesota campaign disclosure laws revealed that it had given a contribution on behalf of Republican gubernatorial candidate Tom Emmer . Emmer was known as a social conservative who opposed civil rights for gay and lesbian people and opposed immigration reform . Weeks of backlash followed , included demonstrations at more than 1,000 Target stores nationwide , hundreds of thousands of petition signatures and an intense social media campaign . In the race to command the marketplace through brand loyalty , the corporations ' own marketing strategies can make them vulnerable to consumer backlash . Target had positioned itself as the family friendly , all-American department store . It was a place people could feel good shopping after Wal-Mart became a target for its union busting . Similarly , "  Have a Coke and a Smile " does n't fit as a slogan for a company involved in robbing Americans of their democratic right to vote . Color of Change is a perfect emissary to Coke . The company established a dedicated marketing group for African-Americans in 2006 and just this year promoted a campaign targeting black teens to celebrate Black History Month . So , Color of Change represents a critical business demographic and its concerns must be taken seriously . Republican leaders have and will continue to cry foul about these kinds of efforts . However , as 2012 unfolds , we 'll see more of them . These campaigns have become the embodiment of democratic principles in a country where consumer choices matter and the government is seen as too close to corporate interests . This power of the pocketbook has the potential to invigorate the free market by investing more people in its outcome and to crowd-source our cultural norms by reflecting the values of a diverse country . This is something all Americans should embrace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue : Coke bowing out of ALEC shows how accountability looks in election year She says American Legislative Exchange Council pushed voter ID , "  stand your ground " laws She says in post-Citizens United world , people do n't tolerate mix of corporations , politics Hogue : Look for more consumers to seek democracy amid corporate influence
Maputo , Mozambique  CNN  They say no one can resist its chicuembo , an invocation to the ancestral spirits . It will get you off your seat . It will get you dancing . The magic happens when you listen to Marrabenta , Mozambique 's distinctive national music , an energetic mix of local dance rhythms and folk music from Portugal . The word itself is derived from the Portuguese verb rebentar , meaning "  to break " . Some say this refers to the instruments used to play the music , originally tin-can guitars and wooden boxes with strings . Due to the flimsy nature of their improvised construction , they were particularly prone to breaking . Others suggest it describes the dancing style : sprightly , bouncy , best approached with a "  dance until you break " attitude . But according to Dilon Djindji , an 85-year-old Marrabenta legend whose career can be traced back to 1938 , it was his very showmanship that spawned the term : his intensity on stage was such that it could break the emotional barrier with the audience . Whatever the truth , Marrabenta has a meaning in Mozambique that goes well beyond words . Mozambique was a Portuguese colony until 1975 , when it gained its independence after a decade-long war . During the colonial period , the regime extended its influence to the arts and culture , demanding that only Portuguese music be played and danced to . Music therefore became a means of self-expression and conservation of cultural identity for many Mozambicans . Marrabenta was born in the late 1930s , and on top of classic themes like love and everyday life , it also offered social criticism and commentary to major events . The lyrics are often in Portuguese , still the official language of Mozambique , but also in local languages such as Shangaan and Ronga . Its musical pattern merges European influences and local styles , from Mozambique as well as neighboring countries . The originators of Marrabenta were ordinary Mozambican men and women , who played guitar and sang at gatherings . But what really defines the genre is not the rhythm , the guitar , or the language : "  What defines Marrabenta is the dance , " says Dilon Djindji , "  The dance has its own steps . It has its own style . There is also a specific way to play the music . The singing must match the dance and the melody . That is what shows you it 's Marrabenta . " Marrabenta 's undisputed superstar of this generation is Neyma , "  the Beyonce of Mozambique " . At the Mozambican Music Awards in 2013 she won several awards including Best Artist and Album of the Year , confirming that the genre has n't lost its luster . "  I have also performed other styles besides Marrabenta , but Marrabenta is where I find myself . Because I 'm African , because I 'm Mozambican , " says Neyma . "  And I 've realized that other artists have n't explored this music genre much . It used to be seen as though it belonged to older generations . As a style , it was made by older artists . So I want to break with that . " Marrabenta is well known beyond Mozambique 's borders , but for some artists there 's still more to be done before it can gain international stature . "  We do n't want our music to reach Mozambique only , " says Wazimbo , one of Marrabenta 's most influential artists . "  We want our music to be known in all corners of the world . But we have n't reached that goal yet , because we do n't have a recording industry . "  We are fighting to make it known , to publicize it . But we realize we also need to establish an industry , we need good promoters , people to take our music to where we want it to go . " Marrabenta might represent the tradition of Mozambican music , but it 's also strongly influencing its future . A new style , popular with the youngest generations , is a mix of Marrabenta and Ragga . One if its up-and-coming stars is a man who goes by many names : Mr Cizer Boss , Mr Guiriga , Owner of "  Bazucas " , "  Essa dama uma goia " , and "  Martelo 4Pause . " He defines Pandza as "  a fusion between Marrabenta , some hip - hop , and some rhythms from our neighbor South Africa ... some national and international dances . We create a pleasant fusion , the Pandza style that is ours . Just ours . " Pandza has more groove , it 's more aggressive , and it 's richer in scope , incorporating additional instruments on top of Marrabenta 's guitars and drums . It is just a decade old , but it 's gathering followers rapidly . And yet , this does n't mean that Marrabenta will soon be a thing of the past . It 's all still there . Deeply etched into the groove . Watch : Mozambique 's elusive coffee plant More : In Mozambique , art from weapons and rubble	Marrabenta is the distinctive national music of Mozambique Originally played with tin-can guitars at gatherings , it combines Portuguese folk with Mozambican dance rhythms Neyma , one of the genre 's most popular artists , had the best selling album of the year in Mozambique in 2013 A derivative genre called Pandza is also gaining popularity among the country 's youth
CNN  -- In the 100 years since British army officer T.E. Lawrence traversed Jordan 's desert and the half century since David Lean set out to capture it for his cinematic epic "  Lawrence of Arabia , " the blood red landscape that entranced both men has scarcely changed . Still "  vast , echoing and God-like " -- as Lawrence wrote in his account of his war experiences "  Seven Pillars of Wisdom " -- the desert 's hidden gems are now accessible to all . Today , Jordan is one of the Middle East 's safest tourist destinations and plays host to an endlessly varied landscape . Fifty years since the film crews left , following in Lawrence , and later Lean 's , footsteps can still reveal some of Jordan 's finest desert jewels . Wadi Rum When Lawrence , as a junior officer , was first sent out into the desert to locate the Hashemite rebels who he would join in revolt against the Ottoman Empire , he found himself in a vast gorge , where red rock monoliths rose more than 800m into the air around thin sand corridors . He was inspired to write of the granite and sandstone cliffs "  sheering in like a thousand-foot wave towards the middle of the valley . " In the south of modern day Jordan , 300km from capital city , Amman , near the border with Saudi Arabia , the landscape appears unchanged from the scenes described by Lawrence -- the same landscape which Lean used as the backdrop for the Englishman 's first encounter with Alec Guinness ' Prince Faisal -- in what is now a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site . Click on the pindrops above to trace Lawrence of Arabia 's Jordan . All photos courtesy Jordan Tourism Board The natural wonder remains awe-inspiring , says travel writer Matthew Teller who authored the Rough Guide to Jordan : "  It 's a very evocative place , the sound is echoing off the walls around you , you 're looking up and down this broad desert canyon with sun coming down and the blue sky above . " The desert dunes Lawrence 's masterplan of leading an army across the arid brick-red sand of the desert to launch an attack on the coastal town of Aqaba -- an idea considered so perilous that the Ottomans had not bothered to defend against it -- became his defining act . Those wishing to follow in Lawrence 's footsteps can take camel treks from Wadi Rum , says tourism expert Yousef Zureqat , who has worked with Jordan 's Dakkak Tours to develop their Lawrence of Arabia adventure trails . More leisurely tourists can explore the wild terrain from the comfort of 4x4s with air conditioning . The real treat , agree Zureqat and Teller , is connecting with the culture of the Zalabia Bedouin , the descendants of those tribesmen who joined Lawrence in revolt and participated in the filming of Lean 's movie . Eating lamb cooked slowly in a Zarb  sand oven  in the company of the Bedouin , camping out under the stars in black goat hair tents and seeing the sunset "  make the desert come alive , " says Teller . Aqaba At the other edge of the desert lies in the far south of the country , lies Jordan 's tiny Red Sea coast and the coastal fortress which would make Lawrence famous . In 1917 , this was where Lawrence claimed credit for uniting Bedouin tribes to mount a surprise attack , emerging from the desert to defeat Ottoman forces whose artillery pointed out to sea . In David Lean 's film , Lawrence lures Anthony Quinn 's mercenary tribal leader Auda Abu Tayi to join the attack with the promise of a "  great box " of gold in Aqaba . Since then the fortune of the country 's only sea port has only grown : Aqaba now boasts 5 * luxury seaside resorts , beach hotels and a marine park . Amid this modern day opulence , the historic 14th century fortress is still there , though damaged by Lawrence 's attack and an earthquake a decade later , and is open to visitors . Azraq In "  Seven Pillars of Wisdom , " Lawrence described the harsh winter of 1917 when -- as he and Faisal prepared to lead their troops north to capture Damascus -- they stopped to rest at the oasis and ancient fort of Azraq . Far from the path of most tourists , says Teller , the fortress -- including Lawrence 's room above the gateway -- are now guarded by the direct descendants of those who provided refuge to Lawrence and Faisal 's army . Visitors willing to travel out to "  The Blue Fort " -- one of a string of desert castles built by the Umayyad Dynasty in the 7th and 8th century -- can experience the "  unfathomable silence " Lawrence recounts in his book . While there , visitors can also enjoy the Azraq Wetlands Reserve , established by the Jordanian Royal Society for the Conservation of Nature . Dawn bird watching is popular , says Teller , with migratory birds stopping in the area to drink at the only oasis in 12,000 square kilometers of desert . Amman When Lawrence arrived in Jordan in 1916 , Amman was a village , home to the ruins of Roman , Byzantine and Islamic civilizations and a new train station on the Ottoman Hejaz Railway . By the time he sat down to write his account in "  Seven Pillars of Wisdom , " the railway was in tatters and Amman was capital of the new Emirate of Transjordan -- both thanks , chiefly , to Faisal and Lawrence 's revolt . Today , Amman 's sprawling business , technology and financial districts dwarf the old town . But relics of Lawrence 's stay can still be found . The original railway carriages dating from 1908 still make chartered journeys from Qatrana , 90km to the south , on one of the last surviving stretches of the Hejaz Railway , says Zureqat . Teller describes an old Ottoman-style building of "  creamy limestone , with tiled floors , a semicircular veranda in a wooded garden on the slope of a hill overlooking downtown Amman . " It is now a gallery for contemporary Jordanian and Arab art called Darat al-Funun . But , Teller says : "  This very beautiful old building was  British Arab Legion Commander  Frederick Peake 's house , and the story goes that when Lawrence was a guest of Peake in the early twenties , this house was where he wrote some , or all , of ` Seven Pillars of Wisdom . ' " The 50th Anniversary 4K Restoration of "  Lawrence of Arabia " opens in cinemas across the UK on 23 November .	Many of the key scenes in David Lean 's epic 1962 film "  Lawrence of Arabia " were filmed in Jordan The film celebrates its 50th anniversary this month "  The Seven Pillars of Wisdom , " Lawrence 's account of his wartime experiences in the region form the basis for the film Many of the locations described in the book and captured in the film are preserved for visitors today
CNN  -- A video showing a blind man being repeatedly kicked and stomped by an unknown assailant was released by the Philadelphia Police Department Tuesday . The 33-year-old victim was walking down the street around noon on October 2 in Philadelphia 's Southwest Germantown neighborhood when the suspect looked in his direction as he was approaching , according to police . The grainy police surveillance video shows the suspect laying down his backpack near a corner shop after he spots the victim . The video goes black , and the next moment shows the victim being pushed to the ground and repeatedly punched , stomped on and then kicked about four times by his attacker as witnesses watched . One man is seen crossing the street mere steps from the beating , and he continues walking . After the suspect finishes assaulting the blind man , he picks up his backpack and walks away , leaving the victim helpless on the ground with injuries to his head and face , according to police . Philadelphia police spokeswoman Officer Tanya Little said it was not clear whether the suspect knew that the victim was blind . The victim told police he did not recognize his attacker 's voice . Police are asking the public to help identify the attacker , whom they described as a 20-year-old black man wearing a tan baseball cap , tan shirt and khaki pants . WWII veteran beaten to death by teenagers Video captures beating of college student Man pleads not guilty in New Jersey beating caught on camera City pays $ 1 million to mother of homeless man beaten to death by police	Blind man randomly attacked in Philadelphia neighborhood , police say Suspect is shown kicking , stomping , punching the victim in video The victim suffered head and face injuries ; police seeking suspect
Amid growing foreign policy crises , President Barack Obama is encouraging Congress and the country to focus on issues here at home -- namely how to improve the livelihoods of working families . On Monday , the President and first lady Michelle Obama will hold a Working Families Summit in Washington , which highlights economic issues affecting American families at home and in the workplace . "  Every single day , there are conversations around the kitchen table where people are trying to figure out , this child care is costing so much , I 'm not sure that we 're going to be able to make our mortgage at the end of the month , " the President said to Kate Bolduan of CNN 's "  New Day . " "  There are folks who are saying , ` Little Johnny is sick , but if I do n't show up at my job , because I do n't have paid family leave , we 're not going to be able to pay the electricity bill . ' " Bolduan sat down with the President on Friday to discuss how he plans to achieve his administration 's goal of a "  21st-century workplace that works for all Americans . " Here are the five things we learned from our sitdown with the President : 1 . The goal of the summit is ... " ... to lift up the conversation that everybody is already having individually and let people know you 're not alone out here , " Obama said . The President said he believes "  good , strong , healthy families " are the foundation of our society . But today , according to Obama , those working families are struggling to get by as parents are having difficulty juggling their obligations at home and work . "  And if that 's the case , it 's not just about giving lip service to it , " he said . "  We 've got to reduce the stresses on families . And I think if you ask most families around the country , ` What 's the biggest stress ? ' It has to do with financial pressures and time pressures that are constantly encroaching on them . " 2 . President Obama 's three priorities at the Working Families Summit : Priority one : Paid family leave According to a survey from the United Nations ' labor agency , of the 185 countries and territories with readily available information , only three do not provide paid maternity leave . And , you guessed it , the United States made that list . The other two countries are Oman and Papua New Guinea . "  Paid family leave , we 're the only advanced country on Earth that does n't have it , " the President said . "  It does n't make any sense . There are a lot of countries that are a lot poorer than we are that also have it . " But the President said paid family leave is n't just a women 's issue , as he reflected on his days of becoming a new working dad . "  One of the most precious memories that I 'll ever have is when my first daughter , Malia , was born , " he said . "  I was lucky enough that my schedule allowed me to take that first month off . And staying up until 2 in the morning and feeding her and burping her creates a bond that is irreplaceable . " Right now in the United States , employees can take 12 weeks of unpaid leave under the Family and Medical Leave Act . Employers can choose to provide paid leave , but less than half do . According to a 2012 survey from the Department of Labor , 48 % of employees who went on leave received full pay , while 17 % received only partial pay . "  We have unpaid family leave right now , but for a whole lot of families , it means they ca n't use it because they just ca n't afford it , " Obama said . Lerner : Is paid family leave bad for business ? Priority two : Workplace flexibility The President said he 's pushing for workplace flexibility to give parents the opportunity to become more involved in their children 's lives and education . "  We always say that we want parents involved in our kids ' education , " he said . "  There are millions of families out there who ca n't even imagine taking time off to go to a parent-teacher conference . " This type of workplace flexibility is a practice that he and the first lady believe will improve employee morale and motivation . "  When we knew that employers had our backs and were willing to give us flexibility to look after family , that made us want to work harder for that employer , " he said . "  Even if it meant taking work home with us , if it meant coming in on Saturday to replace the time we had taken off on Tuesday . And that , I think , has been the experience of a lot of employers . " Priority three : Child care Obama administration officials say they are focusing on the issue of child care at Monday 's summit . White House Senior Adviser Valerie Jarrett cited a survey that found that over a three-month stretch , 29 % of working parents had a child care emergency . "  What happens if you 've got to leave in the middle of the day ? If you are a low-wage worker and you leave , you could lose your job , " Jarrett said in an interview on MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe . " "  We do n't do a very good job providing high-quality , affordable child care , and there are a lot of countries , a lot of our competitors do it , " Obama told Bolduan . "  That means that it 's a lot easier for women to be in the workforce and not have to make choices that ultimately mean they 're , in some cases , getting paid less or having less opportunities . And it also means , by the way , that our kids are more likely to thrive . " 3 . Add to that list : Equal pay for equal work . Women now make up more than half of the country 's primary or co-breadwinners . But the Obama administration says those women are still earning less than their male counterparts . A 2013 Pew Research Center study said women earned 84 % of what men earned , according to an analysis of hourly wages of all workers . "  We 've done some things administratively on that front . I always say that should n't be a women 's issue because I always wanted Michelle to make sure that she was getting paid fairly because when she brought her paycheck home , that went into the overall pot to help us pay our bills , " the President said . 4 . What the President is going to do about it : Obama says he has full faith that these best practices of offering paid family leave and workplace flexibility will garner a more productive and competitive economic landscape . "  For companies who are offering paid family leave , who are offering flexibility , their workers are more productive , more loyal , " he said . "  There 's lower turnover and ultimately , they 're going to be more profitable . " Monday 's summit is just one step toward his second-term agenda of improving these domestic issues . "  I 'm going to be taking some action , a presidential memorandum directing every federal agency to be very clear to their employees that it is my view that offering flexibility where possible is the right thing to do . We do n't want people having to choose between family and work when you 've got an emergency situation , " Obama said . But Republicans have been critical of what they perceive as initiatives that are derived solely from the President 's midterm election strategy of mobilizing women to turn out to vote . With Democrats holding the upper hand on women 's issues , the Working Families Summit plays into the party 's strength , leading administration critics to wonder if this is just about playing politics . "  I 've got a strong , successful wife , who I remember being reduced to tears sometimes because she could n't figure out how to juggle everything that she was doing . And I 've got two daughters that I care about more than anything in the world , " the President said . "  And so this is personal for me . And I think it 's personal for a lot of people . " "  This is not just a women 's issue . This is a middle-class issue and an American issue , " he continued . "  And to the extent that we want to have this conversation outside of politics , I 'd welcome a bipartisan effort with ideas coming from the private sector and from Republicans , from Democrats and from nonprofits and the faith community about how we make sure that we 're supporting families and reducing their stress . " 5 . His tips on parenting : With Bolduan 's first baby on the way , she asked the President for some parenting advice . "  You know , you 're going to do great , " Obama said . "  Michelle and I talk about this . And kids are more resilient than you realize . You give them unconditional love and then you give them some structure and some rules . And they usually turn out really , really well . And they 'll bring you a lot of joy . " Some of those structures and rules fall directly in line with the President 's second-term agenda , by homing in on the issue of minimum wage . Both the President and the first lady told Parade magazine that they worked minimum-wage jobs -- an experience they want for their daughters , Malia , 15 , and Sasha , 13 . "  I think every kid needs to get a taste of what it 's like to do that real hard work , " Michelle Obama told Parade . "  We are looking for opportunities for them to feel as if going to work and getting a paycheck is not always fun , not always stimulating , not always fair . But that 's what most folks go through every single day , " President Obama added . Malia Obama is turning 16 on July 4 , a milestone marked by her getting her first job on a Steven Spielberg set as a production assistant and soon prepping for her driver 's license . Obama reflects on the years gone by , raising his girls in the White House . "  We were pretty big believers in , as soon as they could understand words , you start giving them some assignments : Eat your peas , pick up the toys off the floor . And by the time they 're 16 , they turn out pretty good , although they do n't always give you as much time with them as you want , " he said . Offenheiser : Why raise minimum wage ?	CNN 's Kate Bolduan sits down with the President to talk about working families President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama are hosting a summit on the issue The President wants to see paid parental leave and more flexibility for working parents
CNN  -- Chris Helmbrecht is a 37-year-old German who lived in New York and Spain before moving to Moscow nearly six years ago . He runs an advertising agency and also writes Moscow Blog , a lifestyle blog about the city . Chris Helmbrecht : "  Not many places have as much energy as Moscow . " CNN : You 've traveled around a lot -- what makes Moscow unique ? Chris Helmbrecht : Not many places have so much energy and so many things going on . It can be very nerve wracking and exhausting , but on the other hand it 's very exciting . New York is one of those places , Tokyo too , but there are only a handful of cities in the world that have that kind of energy . CNN : You used to be a DJ -- what 's your opinion of Moscow 's nightlife ? CH : For some people the nightlife is the best in the world , but for me it 's very commercial and posh . You can sum it up in one sentence , which is a general thing about Moscow : people here live "  Sex and the City . " They just want to go out and spend money and pretend they 're rich and successful and live this dream . I recently had a conversation with the club editor of Timeout Moscow and I asked her if she thought the clubs were suffering right now with the economy . She said that in the modern "  New Russian " culture people would rather sell their Mercedes than not go out and spend anywhere between $ 4,000 and $ 6,000 on a table in a club and admit that they 're not rich anymore . Moscow is dominated by posh parties , but it 's no different at a subculture place like a techno club -- you 're always judged by the labels you wear , the car you drive and the music you identify yourself with . CNN : Where do you like to go in the city ? CH : Novodevichy Monastery is a really beautiful old monastery . Stalin demolished a lot of churches and monasteries but this one was spared . There 's a pond below it that you can walk around , and all the Russian Orthodox popes are buried in he cemetery . It 's a very nice place . Another place is would be Vorobyovy Gory  Sparrow Hills  , where you can look out over Moscow . It 's pretty industrial looking but it has good views . I also enjoy the center of Moscow . I like hanging out on the roof bar of a hotel , having a drink , looking out over Red Square . It makes you feel like you 're away from the noise of the city . What makes Moscow special to you ? Let us know . CNN : What do Muscovites do at the weekend ? CH : It depends on the time of year , but in the summer they take every opportunity to get out of the city . Everyone has a little weekend house called a "  dacha " and every Friday night after work people leave the city . From 4pm in the afternoon to 10pm at night you have long traffic jams on all the roads out of the city . People will spend three or four hours in traffic jams just to travel 60km -- and on the way back on Sunday and Monday mornings it 's the same . Some "  dachas " are really basic wooden houses and some are palaces but every family has one , or even two or three . People go out to the woods or lakes and they have barbeques , they drink and they do some gardening . They value this "  dacha " life so much that they 're willing to spend 6 hours in traffic to spend 1 1/2 days in the woods . CNN : So is Moscow is deserted in the summertime ? CH : Moscow is very quiet in the summertime -- it 's my favorite time . You can already notice that there are less people in the clubs and less people in the streets at the weekend . Towards the end of June , Moscow is really empty . You really notice it from the middle of July until September , when it 's school vacations . CNN : Has Moscow change a lot since you moved there ? CH : Yes -- you can see it renewing itself . I know how it went with Berlin -- in 10 years you wo n't recognize Moscow anymore . Streets have changed so much in the last five years , in a good way and a bad way . A lot of cool-looking brick buildings were torn down to create business centers , but on the other hand you have great new modern buildings and hotels -- the Ritz Carlton for example . There are lots of new museums popping up , art centers , alternative art , new shops and cafes . It 's so different to when I came here five years ago and to be honest , I never would have expected it . CNN : What do you miss about Moscow when you 're away ? CH : I miss the excitement . There 's something going on all the time . There 's so much choice in terms of theater , classical ballet , the nightlife , the galleries . You have that in Berlin but it 's harder to find and not as exciting , and New York has lost a lot of its flavor , glamour and energy at the moment . CNN : If Moscow were a person , what would he or she be like ? CH : An ugly princess who wears a lot of makeup and tries to be pretty ! She would probably seem pretty rude , but inside she 's a good person .	Chris Helmbrecht is a 37-year-old German who now lives in Moscow He says Moscow 's energy makes it exciting , but it can be exhausting Muscovites love to get out of the city at the weekend , says Chris "  Moscow is renewing itself . In 10 years you wo n't recognize it , " he says
CNN  -- It was the first house she looked at upon arriving in the small town in central Italy that would be her home for a semester abroad . But Amanda Knox immediately knew it was the one for her . The University of Washington student had been in Perugia for just a few hours on a hot summer day in 2007 with her younger sister , Deanna , who saw a poster that included the word "  appartamento . " They followed the girl who had posted the ad to a charming , four-bedroom villa near the University for Foreigners of Perugia overlooking a small valley where figs grew . The sisters chatted for hours in the kitchen with the two friendly Italian girls who lived there and made plans with them to tour the town the next day . To the wanderlust-driven young American , who had been hitting the books hard and working multiple jobs since high school so she could study abroad , it was a dream come true . "  She did n't need to see any other place , she did n't need to see any other listings , she was set , " says her sister . British exchange student Meredith Kercher moved into the house shortly after Knox settled in . The two foreigners became fast friends , Knox 's friends and family say , as they explored Perugia together . None of them had any way of knowing that just weeks later , the home would be the scene of a grisly stabbing that would leave Kercher dead and Knox branded her cold-blooded killer . Prosecutors in Perugia said Knox directed then-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito and another man infatuated with her , Rudy Guede , to hold Kercher down as Knox played with a knife before slashing Kercher 's throat . Knox and Sollecito were convicted in 2009 . Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison and Sollecito is serving a 25-year sentence . Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast , was tried separately and is serving a 16-year sentence . Knox and Sollecito are awaiting a ruling on their appeal against conviction . Media paints two portraits of Knox The sordid saga has played out in worldwide media long enough to have broken into dual narratives . Some journalists have portrayed Knox as an overly trusting college student who some believe was railroaded by the Italian justice system . Other media paint her as a licentious , manipulative young American still trying to get away with murder , despite an alleged confession , which she quickly recanted , and a conviction . To Knox 's friends and family , it 's a no-brainer . They grimace at the description prosecutors painted of Knox as a resentful American so angry with Kercher that she exacted revenge during a twisted sexual misadventure . Nothing in her past indicated she had the desire or capacity to kill anyone , let alone a friend , they say . One friend told CNN she was the kind of person who would pick up a spider and take it outside rather than kill it . More than anything , they say , her life had been all about immersing herself in new experiences and creating opportunities to travel abroad . Easy daughter Growing up in Seattle , Washington , Knox was an easy daughter from the start , says Edda Mellas , Knox 's mother . She was a child who never had to be told to do her homework or go to bed on time . She maintained a balance between a life indoors , where she studied regularly and read for pleasure , and a passion for outdoor activities and sports , in particular gymnastics and soccer . Knox 's desire to study foreign languages and experience different cultures also became apparent early on , Mellas says . She took Latin in middle school and began expressing a desire to travel abroad . Even though her parents told her they could n't afford a private high school , she applied on her own and was accepted with a substantial scholarship . She learned Japanese in high school and spent time in Japan as part of her studies , her mother says . "  She loved learning languages . She thought about being an interpreter . She really wanted to be a writer and I said , ` Maybe you need to get a day job while you 're trying to make money being a writer . ' And then she thought about being an interpreter . Languages were definitely her kind of gift . " In 2004 , her mother took her daughters to Europe . They visited family in Austria and spent Oktoberfest in Munich , Germany . "  They just loved seeing the history and the culture and differences in people . And it was a great experience , " Mellas said . Knox eventually turned her sights to studying abroad in college . She rejected soccer scholarships from several schools because she knew she would have to commit to the sports program . So again , she set her sights on a longshot : the highly competitive University of Washington . She got in and made a positive first impression on practically everyone she met , says friend Andrew Seliber , who testified at her trial as a character witness . "  I think it was her just open personality to , you know , see the good things in people and have always a positive attitude about everybody and everything in the world . And it was really refreshing coming to school and meeting people like that , especially like her , who were , you know , so willing to see everybody 's perspectives about , you know , anything . " Seliber adds she worked hard to keep up her GPA , making the dean 's list almost every quarter , so she could travel her junior year . "  I think  studying abroad  was kind of an extension of that personality where she always wanted to meet people and -- and just get their perspectives on the world , because there 's really no better way of opening yourself up than to travel the world , " Seliber says . She considered Germany , Austria and Scotland , her mother says , before deciding on Italy , a place she 'd never been and where the people spoke a language she had n't studied . "  She wanted to try something different , " Mellas says . "  Once she decided on Italy , she thought about going to the really typical places : Florence or Rome . But she really thought that to her seemed more touristy . And she wanted just everyday , small-town , regular Italians and not where there would be hundreds of English-speaking people . She wanted to immerse herself in a smaller town and -- she looked around and Perugia had a program . " Mellas worried about her but took comfort in the fact that she would be close to relatives in Europe . "  You worry if you send your kids that far away . But it was also a dream of hers that you know , nobody was going to squash . I worried that she was too trusting . I worried that she did n't have enough self-preservation kind of instincts . " European adventure Knox worked in two coffee shops and an art gallery , living frugally to save the $ 10,000 she would need for the trip . Finally , the time arrived for her to begin her adventure in August 2007 . She and her sister went to Europe to visit relatives before catching a train to Perugia . From the start , it was an adventure , her sister says . "  We showed up in Perugia on the train and just thought we could find our way to her hotel , and realized that we had no idea where we were going . So we ended up hiking with our backpacks like , five miles right off the train station to even find a bus that would take us to our hotel , " Deanna Knox says . As soon as they arrived , Knox made her way to the University for Foreigners of Perugia to get the lay of the land . "  The city was really beautiful . You could really tell on Amanda 's face and how she was acting that she was instantly in love . " After school began , Knox sent enthusiastic e-mails to her family nearly every day . She described attending a chocolate festival and a book fair with Kercher . A few weeks into her stay , she wrote in various e-mails that she had met a handsome computer engineering student who looked like Harry Potter at a classical music concert . Knox had been a "  late bloomer " in terms of dating , so news that she had met Raffaele Sollecito made her sister happy . "  She was just infatuated with the whole idea of him . First of all , he was a foreign guy , he was sweet , he was really kind , he was smart . ... He was exactly my sister 's type . " Deanna Knox says . "  It was pretty exciting . I wanted to learn more about him , and it just happened that they were only dating for two weeks before everything happened . I wish -- I really wish that they could 've gotten to know each other a lot better . " CNN 's Mallory Simon and Todd Schwarzschild contributed to this report .	Friends , family : Nothing about Amanda Knox 's past suggests she 's a killer Knox is serving a 26-year Italian prison sentence for killing Meredith Kercher Friends grimace at description prosecutors painted of Knox as resentful American
CNN  -- Rapper Gucci Mane has been arrested -- again . This time it 's for disorderly conduct , possession of marijuana and for carrying a gun , Atlanta police said . The arrest took place early Saturday morning on an Atlanta street after a man flagged down officers who said he was concerned about the way his friend was acting . Officers approached the friend -- later identified as Radric Davis , which is Gucci Mane 's real name -- and began speaking with him . Mane became "  increasingly agitated , " police said , cursing and threatening the officers . DMX arrested again They took him into custody and discovered he was carrying a handgun and a small amount of marijuana . Mane , 33 , is a convicted felon , and so , can not be in possession of a weapon . In March , Mane was arrested for hitting a man over the head with a champagne bottle at an Atlanta night club . The man told police the incident occurred after he tried to strike up a conversation with the rapper . In 2010 , he was arrested in Atlanta for violating a number of traffic laws . But they were dismissed for want of prosecution . In 2005 , Mane was charged with murder in the shooting death of a man -- but the charge was later dropped because of insufficient evidence . Rap mogul Marion ` Suge ' Knight arrested	His real name is Radric Davis A friend said he was acting "  erratic " Police : He threatened and cursed at officers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Today 's technology could extract enough untapped natural gas , frozen in Alaska 's North Slope , to heat millions of homes for years , federal officials announced Wednesday . A U.S. Geological Survey study says there is much natural gas to be tapped from frozen areas in Alaska . An estimated 85.4 trillion cubic feet of "  undiscovered , technically recoverable gas " is frozen in the state 's North Slope region , according to a U.S. Geological Survey study released by the Interior Department . The deposits could heat more than 100 million homes for a decade , the study says . "  The assessment points to a truly significant potential for natural gas hydrates to contribute to the energy mix of the United States and the world , " said Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne . "  This study also brings us closer to realizing the potential of this clean-burning natural gas resource . " However , the study warned that further research is needed to determine the long-term impacts of the natural gas hydrates -- essentially methane gas trapped in ice . While natural gas is a fossil fuel that emits carbon dioxide , tapping into the gas hydrates assessed in the study is not expected to affect global warming , said Brenda Pierce , coordinator for the USGS Energy Resources Program . "  There is some near-surface gas hydrate , " she said Wednesday . But , "  these are fairly deeper and fairly well-buffered by the sediment and strata above . " The natural gas released from the depositing would go straight into a pipeline , not the atmosphere , she said . While the existence of frozen natural gas deposits -- especially in the Arctic region -- has been known for years , the USGS study is the first estimate of recoverable natural gas hydrates with current technology . The North Slope natural gas hydrates make up 11.5 percent of the volume of gas within all other undiscovered , technically recoverable gas resources in the United States -- frozen or not , the USGS estimated . Separately , in August , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the former GOP vice presidential candidate , signed a bill allowing TransCanada Alaska to build a 1,715-mile natural gas pipeline from the North Slope 's Prudhoe Bay to Alberta , Canada . During the McCain-Palin campaign , Palin 's success in finalizing plans for a gas line was a benchmark that her supporters said represented her ability to work across party lines . In the study released Wednesday , researchers suggest extracting the natural gas hydrates with "  depressurization " -- a method that involves changing the ice into gas and water at the surface . The study area extends from the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska on the west and through the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge on the east . The latter is a 19 million-acre strip in northeastern Alaska , where oil exploration has long been prohibited by Congress . USGS Director Mark Myers said the gas hydrates research has been going on for more than 25 years . "  This is especially important now that a growing body of evidence indicates that concentrated gas hydrate accumulations ... such as those in Northern Alaska , can be produced with existing technology , " he said . CNN 's Samira Simone contributed to this report .	U.S. Geological Survey study looks at recovering natural gas deposits Study : 85.4 trillion cubic feet of gas frozen in Alaska 's North Slope That 's enough to heat millions of homes for years , officials say
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- The Kentucky State Fair has its share of eye-popping choices : * Deep fried Kool-Aid * The Donut Burger , a heart-stopping marriage of Krispy Kreme and quarter pounder . * And this year , at the 50th annual Farm Bureau Country Ham Breakfast , a have to see it to believe it pairing : former foes Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul side by side , all smiles , eager to prove the Republican establishment and the tea party can not only coexist , but can be allies . It was n't too long ago that Paul , a freshman senator , was a thorn in McConnell 's side -- defeating the Senate Republican leader 's candidate of choice in the 2010 primary season that helped put the tea party on the map . As Paul surged late in that campaign , McConnell cut an ad for his choice , Kentucky 's then-secretary of state . "  I know Trey Grayson and trust him . We need Trey 's conservative leadership to help turn back the Obama agenda , " McConnell said in the spot . Fast forward three years , and what you see is an awkward alliance that is in part the product of painful lessons McConnell has learned in recent years as tea party backed insurgents have knocked off GOP establishment figures in primaries , including one of McConnell 's best friends in the Senate , Robert Bennett of Utah . At the State Fair event , McConnell delivered a forceful rebuke of President Barack Obama 's health care plan . "  The solution to Obamacare is to pull it out root and branch . " McConnell told the breakfast moment 's after Kentucky 's Democratic governor praised the plan . McConnell , though , opposes a tea party backed plan to risk a government shutdown if that is what it takes to deny the president the funding necessary to implement the health care program . It is one of the issues highlighted by McConnell 's tea party backed primary opponent , businessman Matt Bevin . And one of the issues where Team Mitch , as his campaign calls itself , hopes having tea party favorite Paul in his corner helps blunt Bevin 's appeal . Bevin lands conservative endorsement "  I think it is a dumb idea to shut down the government , " Paul said in response to a question from CNN as he and McConnell met with reporters recently at the fair . The Bevin challenge is a case study in Tea Party 101 . The litany of familiar complaints against the establishment rattled off in one early Bevin TV ad : "  McConnell has voted for higher taxes , bailouts , debt ceiling increases , congressional pay raises , and liberal judges . " Bevin 's chances likely depend on some big outside help , and some of the conservative groups who make their names taking on the GOP establishment are dipping their toes into the race now to get a sense of whether McConnell is truly vulnerable . "  Career Washington politician Mitch McConnell claims to be a conservative , " is the opening line of one recent radio ad paid for by the Madison Project . The Kentucky primary is May 20 , and given the early bruising tone , plus McConnell 's national profile , there is no doubt this contest will shatter state spending records for Senate races . The matchup here is one of several testing the standing of veteran , establishment Republicans . GOP Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , for example , are bracing for potentially tough challenges . Liz Cheney is running against incumbent GOP Sen. Mike Enzi in Wyoming . McConnell 's campaign recently released its own polling showing a more than 40 point lead over Bevin . But he is running as if scared , mindful of the tea party surprises these past two election cycles . McConnell is already spending on TV ads , painting Bevin as a political opportunist . "  Bevins ' company failed to pay taxes , then got a taxpayer bailout . Bailout Bevin , not a Kentucky conservative , " blares one . Another focuses on a Bevin resume that appeared to suggest he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology when , in reality , he participated in a short MIT seminar program for which all recipients received a certificate . "  Newspapers say Bevin was dishonest about his resume -- claiming to graduate from prestigious MIT , " this McConnell ad declares . "  Not true . " McConnell hits opponent over LinkedIn profile Some see evidence of McConnell 's caution in the Syria debate now front and center in Congress . Of the four top leaders in Congress , McConnell is alone in not supporting the president 's call for military strikes : GOP House Speaker John Boehner , House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid are all on record backing action . McConnell issued a statement Tuesday saying he was still undecided . "  Congress and our constituents would all benefit from knowing more about what it is he thinks needs to be done â $ " and can be accomplished â $ " in Syria and the region , " the GOP leader said after a White House meeting with the president . McConnell aides say his caution has nothing to do with the campaign . But Bevin is on record opposing military strikes against Syria , as is Paul -- and to take a position at odds with his primary rival and new ally would instantly make the Syria debate a campaign flashpoint . Paul to Obama : Do n't rush into war in Syria Democrats were already on record promising to make McConnell a top 2014 target , even though Kentucky has n't elected a Democrat to the Senate since Wendell Ford won his last six-year term in 1992 . Reid predicts McConnell loss Secretary of State Alison Grimes is well aware of the history , and using her early months of the campaign to try to make the case she would be no rubber stamp for Obama . "  We have had trouble in our state identifying with the national Democratic Party , " Grimes said in an interview . "  I will tell you I am running as a Kentuckian . ... I have my disagreements with the president . " Chief among them , she says , is an energy policy she called anti-coal . Grimes also favors changes to the health care law , but says it has many admirable pieces that should be kept . She is campaigning , at least for now , as someone who expects McConnell to survive the primary challenge . "  It 's about ending the disease of dysfunction that we have seen in Washington , D.C. , " she says of her campaign . "  And after nearly 30 years , Senator McConnell is at the center of it . He is to blame for the failed leadership . " McConnell 's team labels Grimes as too liberal for the state and suggests the president 's standing here would be a major drag . But the incumbent himself prefers not to deliver direct blows , just yet , leaving that , for the most part , to his team and TV ads . "  I like a good campaign , " McConnell said after the fair breakfast . "  We are going to have a lot of fun . "	Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell faces a tea party backed primary opponent in his 2014 reelection bid Challenger Matt Bevin is leveling a litany of familiar tea party attacks against McConnell Once a thorn in McConnell 's side , freshman Sen. Rand Paul is now part of an awkward alliance with him The Kentucky primary is May 20 and the GOP primary looks likely to shatter state spending records for Senate races
CNN  -- With a slew of domestic violence cases permeating the NFL , some football fans are benching America 's favorite fall pastime . Even after the league enacted tougher punishments for domestic violence and three accused players sat out during games Sunday , the Twitter hashtag #BoycottNFL and calls for Commissioner Roger Goodell 's removal are running rampant . "  No football for me today . Fire Goodell and I may return . #BoycottNFL @nflcommish @nfl #FireGoodell , " Scott Allen tweeted . And the women 's rights group Ultraviolet flew a banner over the New York Giants-Arizona Cardinals game Sunday , saying Goodell must go . Our #GoodellMustGo banner flying above @MLStadium today before the @Giants game . http://t.co/4bnpFXz2TS pic.twitter.com/KZ8macy9iW According to a USA Today database , at least 84 NFL players have been arrested and accused of domestic violence since 2000 . But the recent cases of four players -- Ray Rice , Greg Hardy , Adrian Peterson and Ray McDonald -- have hurled the topic into the spotlight . Newsom : Sideline McDonald California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom is publicly asking the San Francisco 49ers to bench McDonald pending the outcome of his felony domestic violence investigation . "  T  he 49ers ' continued insistence on playing Ray McDonald during his ongoing criminal investigation is a painful affront to every victim of domestic violence and sends a troubling message to our community and especially our children that ` zero tolerance ' are empty words , not real actions , " Newsom and his wife said in a message on Facebook . McDonald was arrested on August 31 on suspicion of felony domestic violence after he allegedly got involved in an altercation with his fiancee , who was 10 weeks pregnant , a police source told The Sacramento Bee . The fiancee showed police minor bruises on her neck and arms , the newspaper said . After McDonald posted bail , he said he could n't say much about the case . "  The truth will come out , " he told CNN affiliate KTVU . "  Everybody knows what kind of person I am ... a good-hearted person . " Last week , San Francisco 49ers CEO Jed York said the team was awaiting the outcome of the criminal case against McDonald before determining whether to punish him . "  I think it 's very important that we do let due process take its course , " York told KNBR-AM . Rice could appeal Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice , who was videotaped in February punching his then-fiancee in an elevator and dragging her unconscious body out , could appeal his indefinite suspension from the NFL . ESPN and Pro Football Talk said Rice will appeal Monday . But the NFL Players Association said Sunday that it could not confirm whether an appeal decision has been made . "  We do n't know yet if or when our filing will come , " said George Atallah , assistant executive director of NFLPA external affairs . Rice 's attorney has not responded to CNN 's request for comment . Ray Rice case : Did NFL execs know the truth earlier ? The NFL 's actions After public outcry over a two-game suspension for Rice , the NFL established a six-game unpaid ban for personnel who violate the league 's policy on domestic violence , Goodell said Thursday . A second incident would be punished by a lifetime ban from the league , Goodell said in a letter to the owners of the league 's 32 teams . Other players have been disciplined over the past week . Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson was deactivated after he was indicted by a grand jury last week on a child abuse charge . He allegedly whipped his 4-year-old son repeatedly with a "  switch . " But his attorney said Peterson is "  a loving father " who was disciplining his son . "  He used the same kind of discipline with his child that he experienced as a child growing up in east Texas , " attorney Rusty Hardin said . And on Sunday , the Carolina Panthers announced just before game time that defensive end Greg Hardy would not be playing against the Detroit Lions . In May , authorities say , Hardy choked his then-girlfriend , dragged her by her hair and threatened to kill her . He was sentenced in July to 18 months of probation and a 60-day suspended sentence for the misdemeanors he was charged with . Hardy said he is innocent and has appealed a guilty verdict . In his post-game remarks Sunday , Panthers coach Ron Rivera alluded to the controversy looming over not just Hardy , but over the entire league . "  The climate has changed , " he said . "  We really do have to get this right . Believe me . I understand that . " Tough questions ESPN anchor and "  life-long fan " Hannah Storm deplored the abuse cases in an emotional sign-off on Sunday . "  On Monday morning , I was genuinely excited to come to work and break down what I thought was a fascinating first weekend in the NFL , " Storm told viewers . "  Instead , I kicked off ESPN 's coverage of the horrific Ray Rice elevator video . " She described trying to answer her daughters ' difficult questions over the weekend -- "  Mom , why did he do that ? Why is he in jail ? Why did n't he get fired ? " Storm said she has some lingering questions of her own . "  What does all of this mean for the future ? What does it mean for female fans whose dollars are so coveted by the NFL  and  who make up an estimated 45 % of the NFL 's fan base ? " "  What exactly does the NFL stand for ? " CNN 's Steve Almasy , Rachel Nichols , Michael Martinez , Priscilla Riojas , Mayra Cuevas and Kevin Conlon and CNN Sports ' Kevin Dotson contributed to this report .	A women 's rights group calls for the NFL commissioner 's resignation at a Giants game California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom : The 49ers should bench Ray McDonald Reports : Ray Rice is expected to appeal his indefinite suspension Monday The NFL recently enacted tougher punishments for domestic violence
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. House of Representatives Thursday overwhelmingly passed a new version of the Stolen Valor Act , a bill aimed at people who lie about receiving military medals and then attempt to profit from the deception . The first version of the Stolen Valor Act was struck down by the Supreme Court as a violation of the First Amendment . Justices dismiss law making lying about military honors a crime The bill focuses not on people who lie about having medals they did n't earn , but on any profits they make from lying about the medals , which is essentially criminal fraud . Rep. Joe Heck  R-Nevada  sponsored the new bill . His office issued a release saying the bill passed by a vote of 410-3 . Heck said in a floor speech this week that the bill would survive judicial review because it resolves the "  constitutional issues by clearly defining that the objective of the law is to target and punish those who misrepresent the alleged service with the intent of profiting personally or financially . " The bill targets those who falsely claim to have earned certain major military decorations , including the Medal of Honor , Distinguished Service Cross , Navy Cross , Air Force Cross , Silver Star , Purple Heart or a medal signifying you served in combat . A similar bill is moving through the Senate , but has not reached a floor vote yet . The Medal of Honor : What is it ?	The bill is aimed at people who lie about military honors then try to profit from the lie An earlier version was struck down as a violation of the First Amendment This version keys on the element of trying to make money from the deception A similar bill is moving through the Senate
The trial of the son of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and dozens of other former regime officials resumed in Tripoli on Sunday , in continued defiance of the International Criminal Court that last week rejected Libya 's plea to try Saif al-Islam Gadhafi domestically . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , once his father 's heir apparent , has been held in the western mountain city of Zintan by the militiamen who captured him in 2011 . The group has refused to hand him over to the central government , citing security concerns and lawlessness in the capital . He appeared via videolink from a courthouse in Zintan , while more than 20 former officials were in the south Tripoli courtroom . Eight other former regime members being held in Misrata also appeared on a videolink . The officials are facing charges relating to the 2011 revolution and attempts to suppress the uprising , including the killing of protesters , a crime punishable by death . The fourth session of the trial comes less than a week after the ICC 's appeals chamber upheld an earlier decision by the international court demanding that Libya hand over Gadhafi to The Hague . Libya submitted put in a legal request to try Gadhafi domestically in 2012 , but it was rejected by the ICC last year and later appealed by the North African country . Wednesday 's decision by the ICC appeals chamber is a final . The ICC had indicted both Gadhafi and former spy chief Abdullah al-Senussi for alleged war crimes in 2011 . Al-Senussi , who was extradited to Libya from Mauritania two years ago , also appeared in court on Sunday , looking frail and as if he had lost weight . Although the international court granted Libya the right to try al-Senussi last year , his ICC - appointed lawyer was appealing the ruling . Libya has insisted that unlike under the Gadhafi regime , the defendants will receive a fair trial . But rights groups have raised concerns about the ongoing trial , especially the use of videolink that they say does not allow them to communicate with their lawyers before and during sessions . Other concerns include limited access of some defendants to legal counsel , and some defendants still have no lawyers . During Sunday 's session Gadhafi still did not have a court-appointed lawyer , and al-Senussi 's attorney was absent . Without the presence of defense lawyers , the two did not enter a plea or respond to charges read by the judge . The other defendants denied the charges . Some of them became emotional as they addressed the court . Buzeid Dorda , the former head of foreign intelligence , denied the charges calling them "  fabricated " and "  politically motivated . " The trial was adjourned to June 22 after the prosecution and defense attorneys requested more time to prepare their cases . Libya 's government , which has been in the midst of its worst political and security crisis since the revolution , has not yet commented on the ICC 's latest decision . Legal experts say the country could face consequences for its refusal to hand over Gadhafi to The Hague , but only if steps are taken by the international community . "  Sanctions can be imposed on Libya by the UN Security Council for Libya 's non-compliance , and Libya 's membership in various international organizations could be suspended and/or made conditional on Libya surrendering Saif Gadhafi to the ICC , if states wish to insist on it , " John Jones , Gadhafi 's ICC-appointed defense lawyer , told CNN on Saturday . "  Therefore the matter is in the hands of the international community , in particular states like the UK and France , which are both members of the ICC and permanent members of the Security Council . " Jones insisted that Libya must hand Gadhafi over to the ICC , saying his rights have been "  gravely violated " since his capture more than two years ago . Violations include Gadhafi being held in solitary confinement in a secret location and being denied visits by friends and family , according to Jones . "  Libya is paralyzed and unable to protect the rights and security of Libyans , including judges , lawyers and judicial police and detainees , much less the rights of a person like Mr. Gadhafi , " Jones said . Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch , who have also raised concerns about the deteriorating security situation in the country , have also renewed their call for Libya to hand over Saif al-Islam to The Hague . "  The ICC appeals decision only reinforces Libya 's long overdue obligation to surrender Saif Gadhafi to The Hague , " said Richard Dicker , international justice director . "  Libyan authorities should show the same respect for ICC procedures as they did when they first engaged the court on Gadhafi 's case . " Crowds rally in Libya to support retired general 's campaign Libya : Why it 's all gone so badly wrong	Saif al-Islam Gadhafi continues to be tried while being held in western Libya Dozens of other Moammar Gadhafi regime officials are on trial in Tripoli The International Criminal Court rejected Libya 's bid to try the younger Gadhafi
CNN  -- Stumped on a tough decision ? New Web sites are there to help . Hunch , a site open to the public Monday , asks questions and helps people make decisions . Hunch , a site that launches for the public Monday , will consider your quandary by getting to know you , asking you a series of questions and then spitting out three decisions . Another site , Let Simon Decide , makes a similar attempt . Caterina Fake , co-founder of the photo-sharing community Flickr , says she created Hunch not because people need help with emotional decisions but because it 's too tough to find smart information online . You often have to replicate someone else 's research , which is a waste , she said . Tech bloggers seem to be pleased with the effort . "  For the most part , I was impressed , though it quickly became clear that Hunch is n't capable of magically making up your mind for you , " wrote Jason Kincaid , a reporter at TechCrunch , a technology blog . He called the site "  very clean and unintimidating . " Fake spoke with CNN about decision making , her nerdy past and the power of collective knowledge . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : Where did you get the idea for Hunch ? Fake : It 's a user-generated content site similar to Flickr , but the unit is not a photograph but a decision . And so it 's sort of a similar thing in that way . We kind of built the system so people can contribute to it . They can ask questions on there and suggest questions . And then you sort of codify it into a decision tree . CNN : So you 're answering questions about yourself ? Fake : Well , there are two components . So you answer questions about yourself , and there 's a little module that says things like , "  Alien abductions : real or fake ? " And what -LSB- Hunch -RSB- does is , it then puts together a profile of you , a taste profile . And then you can go into the system and ask it any question that 's in the system . So it 's things like , "  What HD-TV should I buy ? " or "  Where should I go to college ? " or , you know , "  Where should I eat in San Diego on a Saturday night ? " It could be just about anything . Once it kind of gets to know you , you can ask it questions , and then it gives an answer to you that it does n't give to anyone else . CNN : What are the downsides ? Fake : It depends on what the decision is . There is kind of an array of decisions that are too taste-oriented . Like , no matter how well we know you , we 're not going to know that your backyard is like 25 feet by 10 feet , versus 10 feet by 10 feet -LSB- for a person looking to buy a backyard grill -RSB- . You know what I 'm saying ? There 's no system that can get to know that . So what we try to do is narrow it down . So we ask you questions about your aesthetics or your beliefs or your politics or your demographic . CNN : What kind of decision-maker are you ? Fake : It 's really funny , because I think there 's a mistake that 's generally made with people asking about Hunch , and it 's that it 's solving people 's emotional problems . And it 's not . It 's solving people 's informational problems . I do n't have any problems making any decisions . I 've never had any problem making decisions , but when I go to Google and I 'm looking for information , say , about trademarks . I have to do all this research , and somebody has already done this research . CNN : So you see Hunch as a kind of search engine , almost ? Fake : No , it 's not a search engine . The feel of it is nothing like a search engine . It 's something new . CNN : How do you think collective knowledge online will change the way people live , or the way we interact with each other ? Fake : It 's like it 's an amazing period in the history of the Internet just in that way . ... We know more in the collective than we do in the individual . It becomes even more amazing when you extend that out to people outside your social network . Like , I do n't know anyone that has taken a yoga class in Romania . But I 'm sure that if I ended up in Romania , and I wanted to sign up for a yoga class that somebody in the world would know three places to recommend me . The information is out there in a sort of disorganized fashion . ... These systems that are kind of growing up now -- and Hunch hopefully is among them -- are able to take this sort of collective knowledge and make it easy for people to use and easy for people to access . CNN : Is there anything in your background that influences your belief in this collective knowledge idea ? Fake : I was a nerdy little girl . I played Dungeons and Dragons , and I had a little TRS-80 computer . It was really early on , I think it was , gosh , like 1994 when I first saw the Web , right ? So I went online , and I saw these people uploading pictures of , like , their cats . And I remember there was a video cam of ... the famous coffee pot at the IBM research center that uploaded every 5 minutes to show that the coffee pot was full or empty or whatever . And so the Internet struck me as this incredible thing where anybody -- like anybody -- could publish anything , and then anybody anywhere else in the world could read it . And I never got over that . There was kind of this wonder , this sense of wonder that I had about this incredible culture of generosity on the Web -- of all these people sharing stuff with each other . I 've always been so amazed by that . I love that . Like , I love that aspect of the Internet . That 's the thing that always seemed like it was magic to me . CNN : What are some cool Web sites that are flying under the radar right now ? Fake : Have you heard of Etsy ? CNN : Yeah , is that where people buy and sell art ? Fake : Yeah , it 's great . I think it 's gon na be like the next eBay . And I met those guys when they were really small . I 've been helping those guys since it was three kids in a dorm room . I love those guys . It 's one of my favorite companies . It has that same kind of ethic -LSB- as Hunch -RSB- : the power of the individual . There are like these housewives in the Midwest who had no idea they could make a living making Christmas ornaments or whatever . It 's just kind of an amazing thing that can only happen on the Internet .	CNN talks with Caterina Fake , founder of a Web site that makes decisions Hunch.com asks you questions and then suggests answers Fake says Hunch works best for informational problems , not emotional dilemmas Fake 's philosophy : "  We know more in the collective than we do in the individual "
EW.com  -- The third season finale of Showtime 's Homeland set a new record for the series : Homeland had 2.4 million viewers for its 9 p.m. premiere and totaled 2.9 million viewers for the night . That 's the show 's biggest take ever . The finale was also up 27 percent compared to last year 's closer . Homeland is Showtime 's top-rated show and season 3 has now exceeded seven million viewers per week in all cumulative viewing â $ " that 's a record performance for the network , even surpassing Dexter . See our first-blush take on Homeland 's big shakeup  and whether the show 's ratings will continue to stay high given last night 's events  and stay tuned for our Q&A with showrunner Alex Gansa coming soon . Also last night : Showtime 's Masters of Sex finished its freshman run with 1.2 million viewers for its finale premiere and 1.5 million for the night . Quite a big drop-off from Homeland , but the period drama is averaging 4.8 million per episode in cumulative viewing , which is higher than the first season of Homeland . Between these ratings and the show 's recent Golden Globes nominations , Showtime is surely optimistic that Masters could grow next year . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sunday night 's season finale set a new record for Showtime 2.9 million viewers tuned in for "  Homeland " The finale was a 27 percent increase from the season 2 finale
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The Orleans Parish district attorney said he plans to look into deaths at a New Orleans hospital in the days following Hurricane Katrina , but stopped short of calling it an investigation . Staff at Memorial were accused of hastening four patients ' deaths in the wake of Hurricane Katrina . "  My office has not reopened an investigation into the deaths at Memorial hospital " after Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , Leon Cannizzaro said in a statement released Friday . "  As district attorney , I have a legal obligation to evaluate statements regarding possible criminal activity in this jurisdiction , " the statement said . "  I am making that kind of evaluation , but that does not constitute an investigation by this office . " The New Orleans Times-Picayune reported in a story Saturday that Cannizzaro will interview New Orleans coroner Frank Minyard and possibly other pathologists on the coroner 's staff regarding the deaths of Memorial Medical Center patients . But the newspaper quoted Cannizzaro as saying an investigation would involve convening a grand jury and bringing in witnesses to testify , and he does not at this time have plans to do that . After speaking with the coroner , the district attorney said he would decide whether a more in-depth investigation is necessary . Cannizzaro 's spokesman , Christopher Bowman , said Monday the DA 's office had no further comment beyond the Friday statement . According to the Times-Picayune , Cannizzaro 's conversation with Minyard was prompted by an article in The New York Times last month that quoted two doctors as saying that they gave Memorial patients morphine and other drugs in the days after the hurricane struck , knowing they would die . Cannizzaro told the newspaper he would be "  remiss in his responsibilities " if he did not talk to Minyard about information in the article . "  That does n't mean I am opening an investigation , " he said . Katrina roared ashore near the Mississippi-Louisiana state line on August 29 , 2005 , rupturing three of New Orleans ' protective levees and putting about three-quarters of the city under water . Then-Louisiana Attorney General Charles Foti Jr. launched an investigation after officials from Lifecare , an acute-care facility operating on the seventh floor of Memorial , reported allegations that several seriously ill , mostly elderly patients had been euthanized by medical staff at Memorial as the floodwater rose around the hospital and conditions inside deteriorated . In 2006 , Foti ordered the arrest of Dr. Anna Pou and two nurses , Lori Budo and Cheri Landry , on preliminary charges of second-degree murder in the deaths of four patients . Former Orleans Parish District Attorney Eddie Jordan , who under Louisiana law was responsible for prosecuting crimes , gave Budo and Landry immunity in exchange for their testimony . In July 2007 , the grand jury refused to indict Pou . Foti said his investigation revealed that the four patients -- ages 63 , 68 , 91 and 93 -- were given a "  lethal cocktail " of morphine and midazolam hydrochloride , both central nervous system depressants . Pou , Landry and Budo all denied the charges , and their attorneys said they acted heroically , staying to treat patients rather than evacuate . In an interview with Newsweek magazine in 2007 , Pou admitted giving the patients drugs . "  If in doing so it hastened their deaths , then that 's what happened , " she said . "  But this was not , ` I 'm going to go to the seventh floor and murder some people . ' We 're here to help patients . " The grand jury never heard testimony from five specialists who advised Foti that the patients were deliberately killed with overdoses of drugs after Katrina struck . All five were brought in by Foti 's office to analyze the deaths , and concluded the patients were homicide victims . After the grand jury refused to indict Pou , Jordan called the case closed and said he would no longer pursue it . If Cannizzaro does decide an in-depth investigation is warranted , it could affect the outcome of a lawsuit in which CNN and The Times-Picayune are seeking the release of Foti 's investigative file into the deaths . CNN was the first to report the allegations of euthanasia , six weeks after the hurricane . The case went to the Louisiana Supreme Court , which in July sent it back to the trial court to rule on whether criminal litigation in the case is reasonably anticipated , according to Lori Mince , the New Orleans attorney representing the media organizations . A reopened investigation could lead the court to rule that criminal charges may be forthcoming . Hospital workers identified only as John and Jane Doe had sued to block the public release of the file , claiming the records are covered by grand jury secrecy rules , that they should have been considered confidential informants and that releasing the documents would violate their privacy .	Post-Katrina euthanasia was alleged at Memorial Hospital Grand jury declined to file charges and case was closed Different district attorney deciding whether to reopen investigation CNN first reported allegations six weeks after Hurricane Katrina
New York  CNN  -- A bit actor who appeared on ABC 's "  Ugly Betty " series has been charged with second-degree murder and criminal possession of a weapon after police said they found him wielding a 3-foot long sword near the body of his dead mother . Police arrested Michael Brea , 31 , after responding to neighbors ' complaints of shouting coming from a Brooklyn apartment that Brea shared with his mother , New York Police Department spokesman Paul Browne said . Neighbors described hearing screams and loud voices coming from the apartment early Tuesday . "  I heard the scream for help . ` Call 9-1-1 ' , " said Clinton Clare , a neighbor who lives below the Brea apartment . "  It 's like something you would hear in the movies , " said neighbor Vernon Bent . "  A scream , like , ` Ahhhh ' . It 's more feminine , fear , a curling scream . " The victim , Yannick Brea , suffered multiple stab wounds and was found in a kneeling position in the apartment 's bathroom , police said . She was pronounced dead at the scene . Neighbors said they heard chanting coming from Brea 's apartment after the screaming had subsided . Bent said he heard what he believed to be Brea 's voice "  repeating certain words , religious words . " Bent quoted the voice as saying , "  Jerusalem , Aaron , Moses . Jesus said pick up your bed and walk . " When authorities entered the apartment , in Brooklyn 's Prospect Heights neighborhood , they found Michael Brea sitting in a chair with the sword in his hand , the police spokesman said . Brea 's father , Marcel Brea , said the sword allegedly used to kill his former wife is a martial arts weapon that he used for martial arts practice The elder Brea said that he refuses to believe his son committed the alleged crime . "  My son is not a violent person , a peaceful person , " he said . "  My son would have done anything for his mother . I do n't know what happened , " he added . "  My son did not kill his mother . " The elder Brea said his son -- a Freemason -- had attended a Freemason 's meeting at a Masonic Lodge in Harlem , on the day of the incident . He said he later recieved a phone call from his son , complaining of a headache . The elder Brea -- who is also a Freemason -- said he told his son just hours before the incident occurred to "  say your prayers -LSB- and -RSB- lay in your bed and your headache will go away . " Neighbors said police arrived at the building quickly following reports of a disturbance , but questioned how long it took authorities to actually enter the apartment . Neighbor Gregory Clare , who lives in Brea 's apartment building , told CNN affiliate NY1 that "  for about 45 minutes , -LSB- police -RSB- did n't follow through -LSB- in entering the apartment -RSB- . " "  It would 've made a big difference , " he said . "  I think Miss Brea would still be here -LSB- had police responded sooner -RSB- . " But New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said during a news conference officers were following police procedures . "  When there is a barricade situation , responding patrol officers , if possible , wait for emergency service officers to come , " he said . Brea is being held at the Bellvue Hospital Psychiatric Ward , after having first been evaluated at Kings County Hospital , according to the spokesman . Yannick Brea had worked as housekeeper at a Marriott Hotel in Manhattan , New York . "  We were shocked and saddened to learn of the untimely death of our housekeeping associate , Ms. Yannick Brea , " said Kathleen Duffy , spokesperson for NYC Marriott Hotels . "  Our heartfelt sympathy goes out to Ms. Brea 's family and friends , " she said . The elder Brea said he is in the process of hiring a lawyer to defend his son .	NEW : The 3-foot sword allegedly used is a martial arts weapon , suspect 's father says NEW : Brea attended a meeting the night of the incident , later complained of headaches Brea , an actor who appeared on ABC 's "  Ugly Betty , " is charged with 2nd-degree murder Police say they found him wielding a 3-foot long sword near his dead mother
CNN  -- Mexico dealt a body blow to the World Cup chances of former champions France with 2-0 win over Les Bleus in their Group A clash in Polakwane on Thursday . Second half goals from Javier Hernandez and veteran Cuauhtemoc Blanco gave them a deserved victory against Raymond Domenech 's men , who again disappointed . The result also means that Mexico and Uruguay are both assured of qualification if they draw their final group match in Rustenburg on June 22 whatever the outcome of France 's game against hosts South Africa . Hosts held as World Cup begins Hernandez made the breakthrough in the 64th minute as he rounded Hugo Lloris in the French goal to score after being put through by his captain Rafael Marquez . The clinching goal in the 78th minute came through a penalty by Blanco , awarded after his fellow substitute Pablo Barrera had burst into the penalty area past Patrice Evra to be brought down by Eric Abidal . The 37-year-old Blanco took a long run-up and beat Lloris with ease . Catch CNN 's World Cup twitter.buzz The Mexicans , who drew their opening match against the hosts , were always the more lively side with Arsenal 's Carlos Vela and Carlos Salcido both having half chances with Lloris the busier goalkeeper . France looked to improve after the interval and Chelsea 's Florent Malouda had their best opportunity as his powerful shot was pushed over , but it was just about all they had to show in an attacking sense and the omens do no look good for the 2006 runners-up . Domenech said it was now a question of salvaging pride after winning a solitary point from their two games following a tepid goalless draw against Uruguay . "  We need a miracle now , " he told AFP . "  We have to be strong and at least play for our honor . At least we must show something in the last match . When we are forced to rely on others , there 's nothing to say , " added Domenech who will stand down as France coach after the finals .	Mexico beat France 2-0 in their Group A clash in Polakwane Goals from Javier Hernandez and Cuauhtemoc Blanco in second half sink French Uruguay and Mexico will both qualify from group if they draw their final match
CNN  -- The people have spoken and President Barack Obama has another four years in office . When it comes to the economy we know what the president wants to do in his second term . Obama 's measures are incremental and nuanced , with the exception of the most talked about , which is raising taxes on higher income earners . This will be done by not renewing the Bush-era tax cuts for those at the top , and by a so-called Buffet-rule , an overarching principle that would set a minimum rate of tax payable by those earning more than a million dollars a year , and prevent them from going below that using deductions . The tax cuts for the middle class under the Bush-era would be made permanent . Thereafter it is a real hodge podge of tax incentives , advantages , allowances and policies designed to stimulate business and bring jobs back to America . None of them are eye catching . It is hard to get excited about the Manufacturing Communities Tax Credit or the American Renewable Energy Production Tax Credit , however important they may be . Obama has also talked of taking a more muscular approach to China when it comes to trade . Having been goaded by Mitt Romney on the campaign trail , the U.S. has indicated that the next four years will have to see China playing on a level playing field . Unfortunately saying and doing are two different things . The president spent much of his first term just putting out the fires . As The Economist put it in its endorsement , he "  dragged America 's economy back from the brink of disaster . " It could have been a great deal worse . But his supporters say he has n't had a true chance to effect real change and that will be up for grabs . If , as seems possible , the U.S. economy does continue to grow at around 2 % to 3 % over the next few years -- not fast enough for a massive reduction in unemployment or new spending -- he might be able to at least advance his non-crisis management policies . But hang on . I am getting ahead of myself . Before any of this comes to fruition the single most important task the president faces : Stopping the country going over the fiscal cliff . The cliff comes about because of a rare confluence of events . The expiration of tax cuts , the implementation of mandatory spending cuts , the limitation of certain benefits and so on . If it all happened at once , come January next year , it 's estimated it could take a toll of 4 % of U.S. GDP . This would comfortably push the economy into recession . Congress and the president have to find a way to pull back from the cliff . And that will be job number one over the next few months of the lame duck congress and into the new year . Even the threat of the cliff is having a depressing effect on business decisions . If they dilly and dally about sorting it out then the damage that could be caused between now and inauguration could easily outdo any benefit the president may make in the early years of his second term . There is one other economic issue where the president ca n't do very much . And that is the European sovereign debt crisis . Bully . Cajole . Berate . Treasury secretary Tim Geithner has tried them all . Fundamentally the U.S. has to sit on the sidelines , watch , wait and pray the Europeans get their act together . It looks like there will also have to be a new economic team . It is widely expected  although not confirmed  that Geithner wo n't stay much longer at Treasury . He has done four years and it 's believed he wants to move back to New York . If he goes then one of the most important joists in the Obama economic team has gone . The chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke -- who has just launched QE3 -- will be there longer . His term does n't expire until 2014 , about a year into Obama 's second term .  It 's an ultimate irony that Bernanke will be gone -- if not reappointed -- before the 2015 date that the Federal Open Market Committee currently has as its target for keeping interest rates at exceptionally low levels  . What we have seen over the past 12 months in the U.S. economy is likely to be the story of the next 12 months . Incremental , slow improvements as both consumers continue to pay down debt , and repair their household finances . The posh word for this is deleveraging . Business may have lots of cash but with so much uncertainty and worry they are not about to spend it . Hoarding money will continue until there is tangible solid evidence that growth is sustainable  we are seeing some signs -- consumer confidence , house prices , housing starts , durable numbers etc -- but it is still tentative  . The banks have slowly rebuilt their capital base and if the economy continues this gradual progression then we can expect lending to begin ... but again ... it 's expected to be slow . In that case , unemployment will continue its very gradual decrease . With economic growth around 2 % to 3 % for the next few years , jobs will be created at a much slower rate than needed to make a serious dent in the overall level of joblessness . Even the Fed does n't see things getting much better anytime soon on the jobs front . I have said it before . Today 's economies  especially the U.S.  are like a patient who has suffered cancer , leukemia and a brain tumor all at the same time . Surgery has removed much of the damage . Chemotherapy continues to be administered . The patient is going to take time to recover . For Obama , the goal will be to have policies that move from triage to rehabilitation and finally to better times . Perhaps the big unknown for this president is exactly how he will start the long , painful and politically devastating business of cutting the deficit . Having had pretty much universal agreement from the IMF , World Bank , OECD and others that now was not the time for retrenchment , we are coming to that time when addressing the U.S. budget deficit will be a priority . The second term starts that process . Unfortunately , as we saw during the budget summit last year , that may be almost impossible . There 's also the matter of seeing the exact nature of the Congress too . The U.S. lost its coveted AAA rating under Obama . This was the unthinkable , and it happened . In term two he would be wise to get ahead of this deficit curve . We know what the president says he wants to do . We know the policies he hopes to introduce . Now he just has to do it .	Obama plans to introduce tax hikes on highest earners and keep middle class tax cuts As a candidate , Obama also talked of taking a more muscular approach to China on trade Stopping the U.S. from going over the fiscal cliff , however , looms foremost for Obama Biggest unknown is how Obama will tackle the mounting U.S. deficit
CNN  Levi Pettit , who was expelled from the University of Oklahoma for spouting a racist chant at a fraternity activity , says he 's "  deeply sorry . " "  Although I do n't deserve it , I want to ask for your forgiveness , " Pettit said as he read from a prepared statement at a news conference on Wednesday . "  There are no excuses for my behavior . I never thought of myself as a racist . I never considered it a possibility . But the bottom line is that the words that were said in that chant were mean , hateful and racist . " Flanked at the podium by African American leaders who he 'd been meeting with at the Fairview Baptist Church in Oklahoma City , Pettit , who is white , said he planned to spend the rest of his life trying to undo the damage he 'd done . Pettit 's parents released a statement apologizing for his behavior earlier this month . But it was n't until Wednesday that he spoke out himself . "  Some have wondered why I have n't spoken out publicly . The truth is , I 've had a mix of pain , shame , sorrow and fear over the consequences of my actions , " he said . "  I did not want to apologize to the press or to the whole country first , until I came here to apologize to the community most directly impacted . " Pettit read from a letter he 'd written the university 's president apologizing for his actions and said he 's committed to taking steps to prevent racism in the future . "  Over the past week or so , I 've met with a number of pastors and leaders in the community to seek understanding of the meaning behind the words that I spoke on that bus , " Pettit said . "  Meeting with a few people does not change what I did , but it has begun to change me , and my understanding of those hateful words . " His comments come more than two weeks after a nine-second clip surfaced showing party-bound fraternity members on a bus making racial slurs against blacks . In it , students at the now-disbanded Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity at the University of Oklahoma clap , pump their fists and laugh as they hurl racial slurs and make a reference to lynching . School officials expelled Pettit and another student , Parker Rice , because of their alleged "  leadership role " in the racist chant . Rice has also apologized , saying he 'd made a "  horrible mistake " and that the chant was "  wrong and reckless . " Pettit declined to answer reporters ' questions Wednesday about how he learned the chant , but said he now knows that the words he used never should be repeated . "  I 'm also upset and embarrassed that I failed to stand up as a leader and stop this chant . I now have a clear understanding of what lives behind the words , " he said . "  From this point forward , I will be the leader that I should have been on that bus and stand up against racism in any form . " CNN 's Faith Karimi , Eliott C. McLaughlin and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	"  Although I do n't deserve it , I want to ask for your forgiveness , " Levi Pettit says He was one of two students expelled from the University of Oklahoma over a racist fraternity chant "  From this point forward , I will be the leader that I should have been , " he says
CNN  -- It is a rare , strange day when Senate Republicans vote to block billions in tax cuts . But that 's what happened Thursday when they chose to freeze a massive tax credit package in order to protest how Democrats are running the chamber . By a vote of 53-40 , the EXPIRE Act , which would extend $ 85 billion in tax credits , failed to get the 60 votes needed to overcome a filibuster . Only one Republican , Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois , voted with Democrats to advance the measure . The rest of the GOP votes were "  no , " as Republicans vented anger that Democrats have refused to allow votes on their amendments to this and most other bills in the past year . "  This is bigger than any one bill , " Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said on the floor . "  What  Democrats are  doing is muzzling the people of this country , a gag order on the people we were sent here to represent . " "  It 's time to act as the U.S. Senate should act and allow  both sides  the opportunity to express their view , " echoed Sen. Orrin Hatch , Republican of Utah . The pushback comes as the Senate struggles to find a way to operate . Traditional processes and procedures for working through sharp divides have broken down in the past year . Democrats , frustrated with Republicans for blocking presidential nominees , changed a significant piece of the filibuster rule . Triggering the so-called "  nuclear option , " Majority Leader Harry Reid and Democrats made it easier to get around GOP objections . That raised hostility behind the scenes to a new level . At the same time , Republicans are also furious that Democrats will not let bills have a so-called "  open " process , where senators can propose amendments and get a vote on their idea . That is far from unique to Reid or this Senate . Republicans have used the same tactic to choose friendly amendments when they were in the majority . But after months of tension and in a bitter midterm election year where they want to rail against Democrats , Republicans decided that Thursday was the day to take a stand on the process issues in the Senate . Reid fired back , insisting that Republicans are the ones causing obstruction in the Senate and are doing so for political reasons . "  It should not be lost that Republican senators are continuing their agenda by just saying no , " the Nevada senator said after the vote . "  I wonder who called them today to kill this bill ? No matter the excuse , Republicans continue to wage war against common sense . " Reid also made sure to point out that , with Thursday 's vote , Republicans were blocking their own cause . "  That 's what just happened , Republicans just voted against tax cuts , " Reid said . What happens next ? The bill to extend the tax cuts is frozen temporarily but not dead . Reid suggested that both sides should take the weekend to think about their next moves .	Republicans were protesting how Democrats run the Senate Pushing tax credits is usually a Republican staple The Senate is struggling to find a way to operate as traditional process has broken down Democrats are frustrated with Republicans over nominations ; The GOP says Dems block their ideas
Cairo  CNN  -- Lengthy sentences handed down to 21 women and girls who were arrested at a pro-Morsy demonstration have highlighted growing unease over the Egyptian authorities ' treatment of dissent . The protesters , including seven minors , were sentenced Wednesday in Alexandria after being arrested at a demonstration in support of ousted president Mohamed Morsy earlier this month . The seven minors were sent to juvenile detention , and each of the adult women got 11 years in prison . Their sentencing came amid demonstrations over a new protest law announced by the military-backed Egyptian government Sunday . The new law requires organizers to seek permission from authorities before gathering and gives police the right to cancel demonstrations and to disperse them with force . It was put into use Tuesday , when a demonstration of less than 300 people protesting an article allowing military trials of civilians in the draft constitution was dispersed with water cannon and tear gas on the grounds that organizers did n't seek permission beforehand . About 40 people were arrested . Female detainees said they were sexually harassed during the arrest and then beaten before being dropped off near a desert road south of Cairo . Twenty-four men remain behind bars facing numerous charges relating to the new protest law . About 2,000 demonstrated Wednesday , in the second strong showing of dissent this month not connected to Morsy supporters , chanting against the Muslim Brotherhood , police and Defense Minister Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi . "  The Cabinet ... declares its commitment to the firm and strong enforcement of the Right to Protest law ; the complete support to the police ; and its respect to freedom of expression within a regulated framework , " Hossam Eissa , minister of higher education , said in an official statement Wednesday . One student was killed Thursday in clashes with security at Cairo University . Several were injured in university students ' demonstrations in Cairo and Alexandria . Voting on the final draft of the constitution was postponed to next week , as discussions continue . Some members of the constitution-drafting committee who are opposed to the use of force against protesters briefly suspended their membership . Pro-Muslim Brotherhood demonstrations continue across Egypt but with smaller numbers , because of an ongoing crackdown and the arrests of leaders and young members . ` Political verdict ' The sentences handed down Wednesday in Alexandria have intensified concerns among rights groups about alleged abuses by police , apparently with the support of prosecutors and the judiciary . "  We do n't have any doubt that this verdict is a new episode in a series of politicized judicial rulings , which include the sentencing of several Al-Azhar students to 17 years in various misdemeanors based on accusations that are mostly trumped up and generalized , " said a joint statement issued by 14 rights groups . A Human Rights Watch official echoed those concerns . "  I think the fact that this protest law passed is significant and is bad news because there was a lot of pushback against this law . We 've been pushing back against this law , and they were all oppressive , " said Heba Morayef , the group 's Egypt director . "  I think what this new protest law shows is that hard-line security agencies are the ones calling the shots , because the Ministry of Interior wanted this new law to legitimize the crackdown on protests . " Lawyer Mahmoud Farouk , who is working on the case of the Alexandria women and girls , told CNN he is confident the sentences will eventually be overturned -- but not before they spend seven or eight months in prison or juvenile facilities . "  It 's a way to punish the girls until a new verdict is out , " he said . He believes the charges for which they were sentenced , filed in a misdemeanor court , will ultimately end in a petty fine . "  The verdict is political and does n't have legal grounds , " he said . The charges against the women include thuggery , congregating or gathering , weapons possession and destroying property . Polarized political scene Morsy , backed by the Muslim Brotherhood and the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Several hundred people have died in clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces since the military removed him . Morsy is in custody , facing charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule last December . He has refused to recognize the court . In the months since Morsy 's ouster , many Egyptians accepted the force used against his supporters as attacks on police and the army in Egypt 's Sinai region increased . But the recent emergence of a faint voice rejecting the polarized political scene is encouraging more criticism of the security sector . On the government level , reports indicate an increasingly domineering role for the Interior Ministry in the decision-making process . With a frail economy , many citizens on the street do n't want the disruption brought by protests and so are willing to defend the heavy hand of the security forces . But at the same time , demonstrations in campuses across the country and workers ' protests are growing in number for a range of political and economic reasons . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	14 women sentenced to prison after pro-Morsy protest ; 7 girls get juvenile detention Rights groups say sentencing is the latest in a "  series of politicized judicial rulings " Egypt 's military-backed government has brought in a new law limiting protests One student is killed in clashes with security in Cairo , others are injured
The Frisky  -- Megin and I first met as mid-level slaves to the fashion industry eight years ago . I recognized a kindred spirit the minute I caught her screaming harsh obscenities at her computer . We 've been through boyfriend breakups , apartment break-ins , and career changes . So when she asked me to be a bridesmaid , I jumped at the chance to stand by her side and watch her start a new life with the man she loved . Of course , I wanted to support her in any way possible on her big day ; I just did n't realize how much it would cost me ! The Frisky : 15 lies we need to stop telling each other The bachelorette party was my first indication of the financial obligation I agreed to . My plane ticket from New York to Miami : $ 400 . Hotel on South Beach : $ 300 . Dinner and drag show : $ 150 . Drinks at the bar : $ 200 . Bachelorette party in Miami : unfortunately , NOT priceless . In addition to the bachelorette party , I spent a total of $ 1,500 on a dress I will never wear again , a gift for the bridal shower her future mother-in-law hosted , a gift and food for the naughty-themed bridal shower we , the bridesmaids , hosted  the maid of honor 's idea  , my plane ticket to Tampa for the wedding , and my hotel room stay . The Frisky : 10 super top-secret celebrity weddings As the numbers continued to add up , and my credit card statements kept increasing , I tried to keep it together , but all I could feel was resentment . She never acknowledged the cost , just smiled and expected me to participate . To tackle my mounting debt , I cut back on dinners out and replaced them with Ramen noodles . I had tried to get out of the bridal party spa treatments she booked , but the pregnant pause and the chilly "  umm ... okay , " she gave me over the phone made me feel like a bad friend . I gave in , of course , which not only made me mad at her , but mad at myself ! The Frisky : My mom wants me to be skinny I did my best to stay supportive , but as my animosity rose , I saw the sweet , small town girl from Podunk , Florida , as a flaming Bridezilla . Every time she mentioned the wedding , I cringed . I began to avoid her phone calls and disregard her emails . I contemplated having a heart-to-heart with her , but I just did n't see it going well . The day before the wedding , Bridezilla treated the bridesmaids to manicures and pedicures , and as her colors were black and white , she "  encouraged " all of us to choose red for our nails . After she inspected my "  Leave It to Diva " - colored toes , I mentioned I was thinking of doing a nude color on my hands . Everything turned to slow motion as her breath caught , her eyes widened , and her mouth squared to protest . Before she could say anything , I grabbed the red polish and thrust it at the manicurist . Her open mouth spread into a smile ... and she hugged me . The Frisky : I 'm not really sold on monogamy In that moment I realized this was her Holy Grail , and I did n't want to ruin our friendship over money and nail polish . She asked me to share in her wedding ; it was an ode to how important I am to her . I sucked it up and saw everything from another point of view . I got to party in Miami , chill by the pool in Tampa , and be V.I.P. at all the wedding events . I had to admit it was fun . I put on my new attitude the next day . The wedding was beautiful and I made sure to look stunning in my $ 1,500 dress with the stiff , lampshade-like flair at the bottom that I will never wear again . I also made sure to drink $ 1,000 worth of champagne . And in the end I did n't mind cutting back and plunking down a few more bucks a month on my credit card , because I got to hold on to my good friend . The Frisky : 8 celebrity dudes describe their dream woman TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	The two women bonded over work , apartments and boyfriends So when one got engaged , she asked the other to be a bridesmaid But plane fares , hotels , dresses and other costs began to add up Writer says friend turned into Bridezilla -- but she went along for one big day
CNN  -- On New Year 's Day , after months of suffering from debilitating headaches , I learned that I had brain cancer . I was 29 years old . I 'd been married for just over a year . My husband and I were trying for a family . Our lives devolved into hospital stays , doctor consultations and medical research . Nine days after my initial diagnoses , I had a partial craniotomy and a partial resection of my temporal lobe . Both surgeries were an effort to stop the growth of my tumor . In April , I learned that not only had my tumor come back , but it was more aggressive . Doctors gave me a prognosis of six months to live . Because my tumor is so large , doctors prescribed full brain radiation . I read about the side effects : The hair on my scalp would have been singed off . My scalp would be left covered with first-degree burns . My quality of life , as I knew it , would be gone . After months of research , my family and I reached a heartbreaking conclusion : There is no treatment that would save my life , and the recommended treatments would have destroyed the time I had left . I considered passing away in hospice care at my San Francisco Bay-area home . But even with palliative medication , I could develop potentially morphine-resistant pain and suffer personality changes and verbal , cognitive and motor loss of virtually any kind . Because the rest of my body is young and healthy , I am likely to physically hang on for a long time even though cancer is eating my mind . I probably would have suffered in hospice care for weeks or even months . And my family would have had to watch that . I did not want this nightmare scenario for my family , so I started researching death with dignity . It is an end-of-life option for mentally competent , terminally ill patients with a prognosis of six months or less to live . It would enable me to use the medical practice of aid in dying : I could request and receive a prescription from a physician for medication that I could self-ingest to end my dying process if it becomes unbearable . I quickly decided that death with dignity was the best option for me and my family . We had to uproot from California to Oregon , because Oregon is one of only five states where death with dignity is authorized . I met the criteria for death with dignity in Oregon , but establishing residency in the state to make use of the law required a monumental number of changes . I had to find new physicians , establish residency in Portland , search for a new home , obtain a new driver 's license , change my voter registration and enlist people to take care of our animals , and my husband , Dan , had to take a leave of absence from his job . The vast majority of families do not have the flexibility , resources and time to make all these changes . I 've had the medication for weeks . I am not suicidal . If I were , I would have consumed that medication long ago . I do not want to die . But I am dying . And I want to die on my own terms . Brittany Maynard , advocate for ` death with dignity , ' dies I would not tell anyone else that he or she should choose death with dignity . My question is : Who has the right to tell me that I do n't deserve this choice ? That I deserve to suffer for weeks or months in tremendous amounts of physical and emotional pain ? Why should anyone have the right to make that choice for me ? Opinion : When assisted suicide is not the answer Now that I 've had the prescription filled and it 's in my possession , I have experienced a tremendous sense of relief . And if I decide to change my mind about taking the medication , I will not take it . Having this choice at the end of my life has become incredibly important . It has given me a sense of peace during a tumultuous time that otherwise would be dominated by fear , uncertainty and pain . Now , I 'm able to move forward in my remaining days or weeks I have on this beautiful Earth , to seek joy and love and to spend time traveling to outdoor wonders of nature with those I love . And I know that I have a safety net . Dying young and on her own terms I plan to celebrate my husband 's birthday on October 26 with him and our family . Unless my condition improves dramatically , I will look to pass soon thereafter . I hope for the sake of my fellow American citizens that I 'll never meet that this option is available to you . If you ever find yourself walking a mile in my shoes , I hope that you would at least be given the same choice and that no one tries to take it from you . When my suffering becomes too great , I can say to all those I love , "  I love you ; come be by my side , and come say goodbye as I pass into whatever 's next . " I will die upstairs in my bedroom with my husband , mother , stepfather and best friend by my side and pass peacefully . I ca n't imagine trying to rob anyone else of that choice . Share your personal essays with CNN iReport	Married for a year , Brittany Maynard , 29 , found she had aggressive brain cancer She had six months to live , and she did n't want her family to watch her dying in pain Maynard and her family moved to Oregon to take advantage of the Death with Dignity law She says nobody has the right to take away the option from someone who is terminally ill
CNN  -- Tiger Woods kick started his 2013 season on his favorite golf course with a seven-under 65 Friday at Torrey Pines lifting him to the top of the leader board in the Farmers Insurance Open . Defying cold and wet conditions at La Jolla in California , the World No. 2 carded a halfway total of 11-under 133 at the PGA Tour event . It left him two clear of fellow American Billy Horschel , who battled to a 69 on the more difficult South Course . Woods has won the tournament at the same venue six times and also famously claimed the 2008 U.S. Open , despite being handicapped by injury , Woods , who began his campaign by missing the cut at at European Tour event in Abu Dhabi last week , the same fate befalling No. 1 Rory McIlroy , showed that was a mere blip with inspired play on the easier North Course . Starting from the 10th , his round took off with a birdies on the 14th and 17th and an eagle on the 18th , set up by a superb iron approach . The American ace started his back nine with straight birdies and as the rain came down he continued his fine progress . Two birdies came in his final three holes , sandwiching his sole bogey on the day . Woods said he was delighted to have backed up his fine driving with good recovery play on the rare occasion he was off the fairway . "  I 've got my short game back to where I want to have it , " he said after his round . "  But there 's a long way to go and this golf course is not going to get any easier with this rain , " he added . He had opened his campaign with a four-under 68 on the tougher South Course as defending champion Brandt Snedeker shared the first round lead in the $ 6.1 million event after a 65 with Korea 's ' KJ Choi . Snedeker dropped back into the pack on four under while Choi was on six under after their second rounds . On the European Tour Friday , England 's Chris Wood shot a brilliant 64 to take a three-shot lead into the final round of the Qatar Masters at the Doha Golf Club . Looking for his first victory on the Tour since turning pro in 2008 , the 25-year-old Wood has the trio of compatriot Simon Khan , Swede Alexander and New Zealander Michael Campbell as his closest challengers going into Saturday 's final round . Wood , he made his mark at the 2008 and 2009 British Opens eagled the 548-yard tenth to highlight his round . He has a three-round aggregate of 13 under-par 201 . "  I 'm very excited . I would n't say it was one of my best rounds , but I played very solidly and was giving myself loads of chances , " he told the European Tour website . "  Obviously it 's going to be hard . It 's hard to win any tournament on the European Tour . "	Tiger Woods charges to top of leader board at Torrey Pines Shoots seven-under 65 in Farmers Insurance Open Woods has halfway total of 11-under 133 in California England 's Chris Wood shoots 64 to lead Qatar Masters going into final round
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Democrats on Wednesday blocked a Republican effort to repeal the health care law passed last year . The party-line vote , with all 47 Republicans in favor and 51 Democrats opposed , meant the procedural motion failed to get the necessary 60 votes to pass . Two Democrats did n't vote . While the Republican-controlled House of Representatives previously succeeded in passing a bill to repeal the health care overhaul on Jan. 19 , the Senate defeat Wednesday means a total repeal of the measure by Congress is dead for now . The Senate vote involved a Democratic challenge to a Republican amendment that would repeal the health care law . Because the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has said the health care reform law will lower the deficit , Democrats argued that repealing it would increase the deficit . The Democrats therefore invoked a point of order against the Republican amendment under budget rules that limit the ability of Congress to increase the deficit . That forced Republicans to try to waive the budget rules in this case , with the motion requiring 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate to pass . The threshold proved out of reach for the Republicans , who hold 47 seats . Using the budget argument was a way for Democrats to say they voted for fiscal responsibility . Senator Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota , said before the vote that supporting the Republican amendment would be "  irresponsible " and "  reckless . " "  The amendment will significantly worsen the deficit , " Conrad said , noting that senators from both parties are calling for getting deficits and debt under control . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , the amendment 's sponsor , responded that the public will understand that the vote was really against the repeal of health care reform . "  Only in Washington could you argue with a straight face that starting a new trillion-dollar entitlement program " was a way to save money , McConnell said . While a repeal of the entire health care law wo n't move forward , Senate Democrats joined Republicans in voting for the elimination of a rule , scheduled to take effect in 2012 , that would require businesses to issue Form 1099s to any individual or corporation from which they buy more than $ 600 in goods or services in a year . Most liberals and conservatives view the rule as an unnecessary burden on private-sector employers . Wednesday 's vote amounted to a push by Republicans to get Democratic opposition to a full repeal on the record in the form of votes against the amendment . Democrats concede the health care overhaul can be improved , but they oppose rolling back benefits for consumers . "  We 're not going to go back and fight the battles of the last two years , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Wednesday . "  We 're not going to go backward . We 're going to move forward . " Overall , the Republicans oppose the increased government role in regulating health care , claiming it will impinge on individuals ' right to choose care options . Democrats say the law will better control skyrocketing health care costs and expand coverage to millions of people currently lacking health insurance . The push for an outright repeal is one of several strategies currently being pursued by the GOP leadership in order to undermine support for the law . Senate Republicans also introduced legislation Tuesday that would allow states to opt out of key provisions of the new health care law . Specifically , the bill would allow state governments to opt out of the so-called "  individual mandate " requiring everyone to obtain health care coverage by 2014 or face penalties . It would also allow states to ignore new mandates regarding employer-based coverage , insurance benefits and an expansion of Medicaid . The motion was introduced one day after a federal judge in Florida issued a sweeping ruling against the law , siding with 26 states that had challenged the measure and setting up a likely Supreme Court challenge in the months ahead . A federal judge in eastern Virginia has also found the health care law unconstitutional , while two other federal judges , one in western Virginia and one in Michigan , have ruled the opposite . Twelve other federal judges have dismissed challenges to the law , according to the White House . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Ted Barrett , Dana Bash and Tom Cohen contributed to this report	NEW : All 47 Republicans vote for repeal , while Democrats unite to defeat them The Republican proposal fails on a procedural vote The Senate eliminates a tax rule associated with the health care law
PALM BEACH , Florida  CNN  -- Following a faint trail through a dense patch of woods in Florida 's Palm Beach County , Roy Foster is a man on a mission . Roy Foster 's facility , Stand Down House , has helped about 900 male veterans since 2000 . Foster , 53 , is searching for homeless veterans -- and he knows where to look . Whether in a vacant lot behind a supermarket or a small clearing off the highway , homeless vets are n't that hard to find : One in three homeless adults has served in the military , and more than 150,000 veterans nationwide are homeless on any given night , according to the Veterans Administration . Working with the sheriff 's homeless outreach unit , Foster finds vets camped in tents or makeshift lean-tos , where he delivers a message : There 's help for you if you want it . "  For our heroes to be living in -LSB- these -RSB- conditions , it 's totally unacceptable , " said Foster . Since 2000 , approximately 900 veterans have found life-changing help at Foster 's facility , Stand Down House . Named for the military command that gives troops time to rest after arduous duty , the program provides homeless male vets food , shelter and a safe place to recover , as well as the tools to conquer their personal problems . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year "  The idea is that they can relax now ; we 'll take care of them , " Foster said . Foster 's motivation to help these men is personal : He used to be one of them . Born in rural Georgia , he joined the Army right after high school . During his six years in the military , he began drinking and experimenting with drugs . He was an alcoholic by the time he left the Army in 1980 , and his drinking and drug use escalated as he struggled to adjust to civilian life . He spent the next decade battling his addictions , and at his lowest , he slept in flophouses or on the streets . "  I was pretty much out of control , " Foster said . "  I felt hopeless , helpless , ashamed and inadequate . " While struggling to get clean , Foster had difficulty finding a program that accepted veterans and provided the recovery services he needed , he said . The experience inspired him to design a program specifically for his brothers-in-arms . "  That 's when the commitment in my heart was born , " Foster said . By the early 1990s , Foster settled into a life of sobriety , becoming a substance abuse counselor . Seeing that many vets continued to fall through the cracks , he joined forces with another vet , the late Don Reed , and established the nonprofit Faith * Hope * Love * Charity . After six years , Faith * Hope * Love * Charity created Stand Down House . Now five buildings in total , Stand Down House provides transitional housing and support services to 45 veterans in different stages of recovery . When vets arrive -- through referral by the Veterans Administration , which largely funds the program -- they receive meals , housing , clothing , counseling and transportation to the VA hospital for additional medical and mental health care . After 30 to 60 days , eligible veterans must begin to look for work or attend school , but they can continue receiving housing , case management , addiction counseling and life skills classes for as long as two years . Successful veterans are eligible for the program 's final component : permanent , sober-living housing . Watch Foster seek out homeless veterans with the county sheriff " The camaraderie the veterans find with each other at Stand Down House is another vital component of their recovery process . "  It was great to realize that other vets had been through similar experiences , " said Matt Robinson , 28 , who served in Iraq as a member of the U.S. Army National Guard . Watch Robinson describe his experience at Stand Down House " With their past as a common bond , vets often become informal counselors to each other , helping one another stay on track . "  We have each others ' backs , " said Joey Elluzzi , a Vietnam veteran . Many graduates find the companionship so valuable that they return as volunteers . As of 2008 , Stand Down House reported that 93 percent of its eligible residents found work and 84 percent of graduates went on to live independently . Foster and his staff are now working with other programs around the country , sharing what they 've learned . Despite his program 's success , Foster said , there 's more work to do . A new wave of veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan is appearing at Stand Down House , and Foster said he 's determined to serve -- and save -- this next generation . When asked why he does this , he simply answers , "  It 's my calling . " Watch Foster talk about his mission to help homeless veterans " But for those Foster has helped , there 's nothing simple about his achievements . "  If you could see the people when they come in here -- how they look , act and smell -- and then see them after , being a positive part of society , I do n't know how you could n't call Roy a hero , " veteran Keith Coleman said . "  Think of all the lives he 's changed . " Want to get involved ? Check out Stand Down House and see how to help .	Roy Foster 's program helps veterans facing addiction and homelessness Foster , an Army vet , struggled with alcoholism and drug abuse Since 2000 , about 900 vets have found life-changing help at Foster 's facility Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
GENEVA , Switzerland  CNN  -- The World Health Organization on Wednesday raised its pandemic alert to 5 , its second-highest level , warning of widespread human infection from the swine flu outbreak that originated in Mexico . Patients wait at a hospital Wednesday in Mexico City . The swine flu outbreak began in Mexico . Dr. Margaret Chan , the U.N. agency 's director-general , said the decision to raise the alert on the 6-point scale indicated that all countries should "  immediately " activate pandemic preparedness plans . "  This change to a higher phase of alert is a signal to governments , to ministries of health and other ministries , to the pharm industry and the business community that certain actions now should be taken with increased urgency and at an accelerated pace , " Chan said . The announcement came as the number of confirmed cases increased rapidly across the world . The WHO and national governments have confirmed 148 cases in nine countries . Most of those cases are in the United States , where the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has confirmed 91 cases . The figures include seven deaths in Mexico and one in the United States . More than 2,700 other patients worldwide are believed to be suffering from the virus that government officials call by its technical name , 2009 H1N1 . The first cases of the virus were detected in Mexico , where health officials suspect swine flu in more than 150 other deaths and roughly 2,500 illnesses . As of late Wednesday , 99 cases had been confirmed -- up from 26 , Mexico 's health secretary reported . An eighth fatality was also confirmed . iReport.com : "  Regular life " in Mexico with masks The additional cases and fatality were not immediately confirmed by WHO Researchers do not know how the virus is jumping relatively easily from person to person , or why it 's affecting what should be society 's healthiest demographic . Many of the victims who have died in Mexico have been young and otherwise healthy . The outbreak has prompted Mexican authorities to order about 35,000 public venues in Mexico City to shut down and restrict restaurants to serving only take-out meals . All nonessential government offices and private business were ordered to close between May 1-5 , with only skeletal staffing allowed when necessary , Mexico 's health secretary announced Wednesday . Mexican officials said it was too soon to determine what kind of economic impact the decision would have on the country . Germany and Austria became the latest European countries to report swine flu on Wednesday , while the number of cases increased in the United Kingdom and Spain . Peru reported its first case late Wednesday . Yet Chan reiterated the WHO 's recommendation not to close borders or restrict trade in response to the outbreak , saying the world "  is better prepared for an influenza pandemic than at any time " in history . Watch how the U.S. is preparing for the worst " "  We need to maintain a level of calmness so that we will continue to manage this in a rational manner , " she said , adding that pork is safe for consumption as long as it is cooked properly . President Obama downplayed the possibility of closing the U.S. border with Mexico , where the recent occurrence of the deadly virus began . "  It would be akin to closing the barn door after the horses are out , " Obama said during his Wednesday evening news conference . Obama said he 'll be looking to health officials for guidance on how to handle travel between the two countries . The $ 1.5 billion Obama requested from Congress to help fight the outbreaks will help health officials monitor and track the virus and replenish the supply of anti-viral drugs , he said . Watch President Obama caution Americans on swine flu " Swine influenza , or flu , is a contagious respiratory disease that affects pigs . When the flu spreads person to person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it harder to treat or fight , because people have no natural immunity . Symptoms include fever , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . The WHO 's "  Phases of Pandemic Alert , " which has been in existence for five years , characterizes phase 5 as a human-to-human spread of the virus into at least two countries in one WHO region , signaling that a pandemic is imminent . The highest level , phase 6 , is defined by community-level outbreaks in at least one other country in a different WHO region , according to the agency . About a quarter of the U.S. stockpile of anti-viral drugs will be distributed to states by Sunday , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said . Watch how U.S. officials are reacting to the virus " U.S. officials also are asking scientists whether additional measures to screen for flu symptoms were needed at U.S. ports of entry , she said . Already , customs officers have asked 49 people to submit to tests for the H1N1 virus , she said . Of those tests , 41 have been negatives and the remaining eight have not yet come back . Researchers in the United States have already taking steps to crack the genetic code of the virus behind the swine flu outbreak in order to produce a vaccine , U.S. officials said Wednesday . The U.S. government is distributing 25 percent of its stockpile of antiviral medications Tamiflu and Relenza to all states , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Wednesday . Health officials stress that the medications are effective only if taken in the early stages of the infection . Learn more about swine flu and how to treat it " The 91 confirmed cases in the United States includes the country 's first swine flu fatality : a 23-month-old child visiting from Mexico who died Monday at a Houston , Texas , hospital . A U.S. Marine in California is the military 's first suspected case of swine flu , and three military family members in San Diego have confirmed cases , the CDC said . As a precaution , the military is banning travel to Mexico for nonessential personnel . Mexican officials also said they believe they may have found "  patient zero " -- the first case of the global outbreak -- in the small mountain village of La Gloria . Edgar Hernandez , 5 , survived the earliest documented case of swine flu . He lives near a pig farm , though experts have not established a connection between that and his illness . Edgar has managed to bounce back from his symptoms and playfully credits ice cream for helping him feel better . In the United States , at least 74 elementary , junior high and high schools have closed across the country due to confirmed or probable cases of swine flu , the Department of Education said Wednesday . Another 30 schools have closed as a precautionary measure , Department of Education spokesman Massie Ritsch said . Governments around the world are scrambling to prevent further outbreak . Some countries , such as China and Russia , have banned pork imports from the United States and Mexico , though the WHO said the disease is not transmitted through eating or preparing pig meat . Several other countries , such as Japan and Indonesia , are using thermographic devices to test the temperature of passengers arriving from Mexico . Egypt reportedly is considering culling all pigs although there have been no reported cases of swine flu there . Common seasonal flu kills 250,000 to 500,000 people every year worldwide , far more than the current outbreak of swine flu . But there is a vaccine for seasonal flu . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : 99 cases confirmed in Mexico , up from 26 earlier Wednesday Some government offices , private business in Mexico to close from May 1 to 5 Researchers conducting complete genetic sequencing of the H1N1 virus World Health Organizations reports 148 cases in 9 countries
CNN  -- It was early evening when Lee Ferrero got in his car to make the trip home from a meeting for work . He 'd done the trip many times over the years , and he looked forward to the drive . Several hours later he found himself in open farmland in unfamiliar territory . He pulled over , brought out a book of maps , and realized he 'd driven two hours past the turnoff to his home in Los Osos , California . "  It was terrifying , " he remembers now . "  I thought , I did n't mean to come here . How did this happen ? I just zoned out . " But he was n't just zoning out . A visit to the Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale , Arizona , showed Ferrero was in the beginning stages of Alzheimer 's disease , a form of dementia . "  That car ride was a real wake-up call , " he says . After his trip to Mayo , Ferrero 's wife insisted he get a professional driving evaluation to make sure he was safe to drive . His driving was fine -- the only problem was that he might wander off again down the road . It has been five years since that fateful car trip . The disease forced Ferrero , an Air Force veteran , to retire from his position as president and CEO of the Private Industry Council of San Luis Obispo County . Now 64 , he does n't want to sit home all the time , and still drives and walks around . To decrease the chance he 'll wander again , Ferrero writes down exactly where he 's going so he can refer to it later , and he wears an ID bracelet with a 24-hour emergency response number . He has n't had another wandering incident , but knows he might at some point as his disease progresses . "  I forget things I never used to forget and I know it 's only going to get worse , " he says . November is National Alzheimer 's Disease Awareness Month and Family Caregiver Month . About 60 % of the nation 's 5 million Alzheimer 's patients will wander , according to Beth Kallmyer , senior director of constituent services at the Alzheimer 's Association . "  This is such a big worry for families , " she says . "  We tell them their loved ones can wander off at any time , even when you just go into the kitchen for a minute to start dinner . " Kallmyer advises families that there 's no way to keep an eye on someone 24-7 , but that there are some steps they can take to decrease the chances their loved one will wander . 1 . Keep wandering top of mind Sometimes families are surprised when their loved one wanders . Lawrence Schonfeld , an Alzheimer 's expert , has noticed sometimes families forget that wandering is a huge risk because they 're so overwhelmed with other aspects of Alzheimer 's disease . That can be a fatal mistake . "  Families are worried their loved one will leave the stove on in the kitchen , or they 're annoyed when their loved one asks the same question over and over again , " he says . "  Wandering is n't always their major concern . " 2 . Pick up on the red flags of wandering Wandering can happen at any time , but it 's more likely in certain situations , such as when someone with dementia is in unfamiliar surroundings . People with Alzheimer 's and other forms of dementia often leave clues that they 're about to wander . If your loved one says , "  It 's time to go to work , " she might truly be headed out the door in a few minutes . "  I want to go home " might mean he 's about to go in search of his childhood home , and you have to stop him . 3 . Distract them Do n't say "  Dad , you have n't worked in 30 years , " or "  Mom , you 're already at home . " Reasoning wo n't work . Instead , distract . "  If they say they want to go to work , tell them ` OK let 's go see if we can find your shoes , ' " Schonfeld suggests . "  By the time they get their shoes on they 'll have forgotten about going to work . " 4 . Block  or disguise  the exits For safety reasons , you should never lock or trap a person with dementia in a home alone . If someone is there with them you can block the doors . There also are screens you can buy that look like , say , library books , so your loved one wo n't realize it 's in front of a door . You can also put a lock toward the bottom of the door ; Kallmyer says people with dementia wo n't think to look for a lock in such an unusual place . Another idea : Put a mirror or a stop sign on the door , or you can try putting a dark rug in front of the door . People with late-stage dementia might think it 's a hole and wo n't go near it . 5 . Label your rooms Sometimes people with dementia will go wandering off in search of the bathroom or a glass of water and get distracted and actually leave the house . The Mayo Clinic suggests putting a picture of a toilet on the door to the bathroom or food on the door to the kitchen , so they can more easily find what they need . 6 . Keep them busy "  Sometimes people wander out of boredom , or because no one 's paying attention to them , " Kallmyer says . "  Spending a lot of time watching TV is n't good . Have them wash dishes with you , or fold clothes . " You can also enroll your loved one in an adult day care program so they 'll have interesting activities . Seniorresource.com and Eldercare Locator have search tools for finding a program near you . 7 . Take a walk "  Have them take a walk or exercise with you , " Schonfeld suggests . "  They may be so tired afterwards they 'll want to sit for a while . " Even if they 're not tired , the social engagement of the walk might be enough to keep them from wandering in search of company . 8 . Provide safe wandering Create a path through the rooms of your house as a place for your loved one to wander , or a circular trail through a fenced backyard , the Mayo Clinic advises . 9 . Consider technology Some devices alert you if a door is open in the house . Others tell you if your loved one has wandered beyond a certain area . You can even attach a GPS to your loved one and then go online to find him on a map ; the GPS might be on a bracelet or in a shoe . The Alzheimer 's Association has an overview of electronic devices that can help keep track of Alzheimer 's patients , and the association also has information about the ComfortZone and other safety products it sells . American Health Assistance Fund has a partial listing of companies that sell safety products . These devices can be expensive and some have a monthly service fee . 10 . Find the right facility Many families are n't sure they can safely keep their loved one with dementia at home . The Alzheimer 's Association has a guide to determining what kind of care you need , and a guide for finding nursing homes and assisted living facilities . Schonfeld recommends you check out a facility to see whether it has any complaints against it , especially those that involve wandering . The National Long-Term Care Ombudsman Resource Center has a list of state ombudsmans ' offices , which can help you find the complaints . Be sure to ask the right questions . "  Is the door monitored , either electronically or by staff ? " Schonfeld says . "  Do they have electronic devices to keep track of people who wander ? And ask about their strategy for what they do if someone does wander off . " Aaron Cooper and John Bonifield contributed to this report .	November is National Alzheimer 's Disease Awareness Month About 60 % of the nation 's 5 million Alzheimer 's patients will wander Wandering can happen at any time , but it 's more likely in certain situations
EW.com  -- Emily Wickersham is joining "  NCIS " full-time . The actress , who was cast in the role of NSA analyst Eleanor "  Ellie " Bishop back in September , has been promoted to a series regular , CBS announced Monday . Wickersham , who has also appeared on "  The Sopranos , " was originally slated for three episodes but according to producers her work with the team has proved a success . ` Bones , ' ` Arrow , ' ` NCIS : LA , ' ` Vampire Diaries ' : Find out what 's next "  Emily Wickersham 's Ellie Bishop is proving to perfectly compliment the NCIS team , " said executive producer Gary Glasberg in a statement . "  Her energy and enthusiasm is contagious . Great things are planned for Bishop and we could n't be more thrilled to have her on board . " Wickersham , whose first episode airs November 19 , fills an empty series regular spot on the show that has been there since the second episode of the current season , when Cote de Pablo 's Ziva left the show . Since Ziva 's departure , the storyline has focused a fair amount on the team 's reaction to her sudden departure . ` NCIS ' boss previews team without Ziva : ` It 's going to take time for our characters to move on ' Ellie Bishop , who is described as "  a mysterious mixture of analytic brilliance , fierce determination and idealism , " will be introduced when it is discovered that the Secretary of the Navy was bugged during a confidential briefing , a security breach Bishop described in exact detail two years ago in a threat analysis report . Working side-by-side with Gibbs and the team , Bishop will cross-examine the case file to help determine who is behind the crime . When EW spoke to star Michael Weatherly earlier this year , when the cast had already had time to work with Wickersham , he said , "  We 're excited about having Emily join us on these little adventures we do every week , and seeing how she is in the world that we create together ... I hope the audience likes her as much as we did right away . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Emily Wickersham 's now a series regular on "  NCIS " She was originally supposed to appear in only three episodes Her promotion follows the exit of Cote de Pablo
A 50-member committee completed Sunday an item-by-item vote on the 247 articles of a new constitution for Egypt , according to a breaking news banner on state-run Nile TV and reporting on state-run al-Ahram Online . The next steps in the process for the the draft to become law are for Egypt 's interim President Adly Mansour to ratify the charter on Tuesday and then announce a date for it to be put to a popular referendum . The constitution will replace the one suspended in 2011 , al-Ahram reported . Egypt 's new constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military , according to a draft posted on state media earlier Sunday . "  The constitution brings back soft power to Egypt . It 's the real power that gave Egypt influence and a role and glory , " Amr Moussa , head of the assembly , said at a news conference on Saturday . "  It deals with the dangerous circumstance through which Egypt passes . " The new constitutional articles come months after a military coup unseated elected President Mohamed Morsy in July and touched off a series of protests that ended in violence . The painstaking process of approving the draft of the new constitution started Saturday . Also on Saturday , security forces dispersed protesters who were demonstrating against Egypt 's anti-protest law . U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel on Saturday called his Egyptian counterpart , Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , to express concerns over the law restricting demonstrations and protests , among others . Hagel told him that Egypt 's response to free expression will demonstrate the interim government 's commitment to a nonviolent democratic transition , according to a statement from the Pentagon .	The 50-member committee working on the new constitution approves 247 articles It now has to be approved by interim president Adly Mansour The new constitution will replace the one suspended in 2011
CNN  -- Charity : water will receive a $ 5 million grant from Google 's Global Impact Awards to provide clean and sustainable water supplies to the world 's most far-flung and impoverished regions . The non-profit group that builds water wells for communities in the developing world is hoping to install 4,000 low-cost remote sensors . The sensors will transmit real-time data to the charity and its donors on the condition and flow of water at particular wells . Charity : water founder Scott Harrison announced the new plan today at the 2012 LeWeb conference in Paris . Read more : ` Father of the internet ' : Fight to stay free "  We realize 4,000 -LSB- sensors -RSB- is an aggressive target to implement by the end of 2015 , but we 've always set aggressive goals , " Harrison told CNN . "  We are first going to target Ethiopia , Nepal and a few other African and Asian countries that are undecided at this time . " The entire initiative will be funded through Google 's Global Impact Awards , a scheme designed by the Silicon Valley tech giant to support pioneering technologies . Read more : What it means to be a digital native Harrison said the charity is planning to test different technologies for each country depending on the type of well installed there . "  For example , our commitment in Ethiopia has consisted mainly of hand-dug wells , and in Nepal , we fund large-scale spring systems . Two completely different sensors , partners , and methodologies , " he explained . Knowing the location of the well is n't enough anymore -- the charity also wants to collect information to establish if the wells are working and if they need to be fixed . A large part of the pilot program would also involve continuing its work in training local mechanics to maintain the water supply , which Charity : water says will spur job creation . Harrison added : "  We want to do the best job of fully implementing the technology as well as building up response teams  mechanics  to ensure the sustainability of the projects and continue serving our beneficiaries with full transparency . " The aid group -- founded in 2006 -- began its work in Uganda , installing wells in refugee camps . Since then it has funded over 6,700 projects in 20 countries .	A large part of the pilot program would also involve continuing its work in training local mechanics The sensors will transmit real-time data to the charity and its donors on the condition of the wells Harrison said the charity is planning to test different technologies for each country depending on the type of well
CNN  A gloved hand reaches for a scantily-clad backside . It could be an image from the hit television series "  Mad Men , " which documented the ribald world of advertising in 1960s America . Except this is 2015 and "  Who squeezes them in Harelbeke ? " is the poster strapline for the elite E3 Harelbeke competition in Belgium , accompanied by that gloved cyclist 's hand poised to pinch a woman 's bottom . Unlike the wind provocatively lifting up her skirt , the controversial advertisement was n't dreamed up out of thin air . It 's inspired by previous winner Slovak Peter Sagan , who pinched a podium girl 's behind at the 2013 Tour de Flanders -- something he later apologized for , saying "  I promise to act more respectfully in the future . " A week earlier , he was also pictured on the E3 Harelbeke podium , making an ass-grabbing motion towards another flower girl . E3 Harelbeke 's organizers chose to celebrate his antics in their 2015 campaign , sparking a global debate about sexism in cycling that has raced far beyond the billboard . "  Old Boy 's Club " "  A guy grabbing a woman 's ass is very much indicative of a level of sexual assault , " said Kathryn Bertine , former professional cyclist and director of "  Half the Road , " a documentary about female racers . "  This poster makes cycling look very outdated . They 're relying on a ` good old boys club ' tactic to help them sell a product -- and in this case that product is racing . " Judging by E3 Harelebeke 's provocative standards , the poster could even appear tame compared to previous years . In 2011 organizers opted for a naked woman lying in a field , while the silhouettes of miniature riders traversed her bare backside . More baffling was last year 's poster featuring a woman straddling three other females curled into the shape of a bike . "  Such provocative imagery may have been seen by some in the 1950s and 1960s as a basis for selling products , but marketing communications are a rather more sophisticated and progressive activity than they were 50 years ago , " said Simon Chadwick , Professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at Coventry University . "  I think E3 Harelbeke are rather out of kilter with the way that most people think today . " "  A playful nod " Cycling 's world governing body , the Union Cycliste Internationale  UCI  has since requested the poster be removed , to which the E3 Harelbeke organisers have agreed -- not that they necessarily see it as offensive themselves . "  Personally , no I do n't think it 's sexist , " Marc Claerhout , E3 Harelebeke manager , told CNN . Could he see why others might find it offensive ? "  I do n't know . You have a lot of publicity where you see more than some underwear , " he said . "  And we did n't mean it as sexist . " The organization has since withdrawn the poster , releasing an official apology to "  anyone who might find it intimidating , discriminatory or sexist . " "  The organization launched this campaign as a playful nod to the stage incident two years ago in which a rider got ready to squeeze the buttocks of a flower girl , " it added . Removing the poster is one thing -- but the UCI missed an opportunity to make an example of a tournament which has used seemingly sexist campaigns for years , said Olympic road race champion , Nicole Cooke . "  Telling the race organizers to remove the posters is not much of a deterrent , " added the retired cyclist whose autobiography "  The Breakaway " highlighted sexism within the sport during her over decade long career . "  A whopping fine and canceling the race would have sent out the strong message that there is no place for sexism in cycling . Instead , the race has received huge publicity . " Celebrating sexual assault ? The poster also glorifies what would be seen as sexual assault in any other workplace , said Laura Bates , founder of the "  Everyday Sexism Project . " "  It contains a direct reference to an incident of sexual assault , which should n't be treated as something to celebrate and joke about , " she added . Similarly , Belgium 's Institute for the Equality between Men and Women , said the image violated 2007 anti-discrimination legislation and "  incited sexual intimidation . " It 's unlikely the same image would have been used in a female tournament . "  Not only is the poster sexist -- this race does n't even have a women 's field , " said Bertine , who has long campaigned for a women 's edition of the Tour de France equal to the men 's -- a race often seen as the ultimate prize in cycling . "  Here we are , fighting these battles to make equality happen . And posters like this are not helping to pave the way for cycling , " she said . She sees the problem not with the majority of "  supportive " male cyclists , but with the lack of female representation among race directors and promoters . Money talks Indeed , sponsorship is a big factor is getting a race like the Women 's Tour de France off the ground , said Alex Russell , one of two females on the board of British Cycling . "  A lot of it comes down to whether something has a market value -- and it 's not necessarily down to gender , " she said . "  We 've introduced a women 's tour in Britain and we have got financial support for that . But you ca n't just jump to mass spectators and mass broadcasting because these things grow incrementally . " Former World Road Race champion Cooke points to the discrepancy in prize money as another big obstacle for women within the sport . "  The inspiration for the poster is the 2013 Tour de Flanders , for which male winner Fabian Cancellara received $ 20,000  $ 22,000  for his efforts . In comparison , when I won this event , I was happy for the team to split the modest $ 1,000 I received amongst the other riders , " she said . "  The biggest change I would recommend to provide protection , security and credibility for female road riders , would be the introduction of a minimum wage , as there is in place for male riders , " added Cooke . "  Cycling can not be allowed to exist outside the laws of society , like some sort of medieval anarchy . " It seems that rather than a podium girl 's bottom , the one being put under the spotlight at this year 's event , will be the organizers themselves .	Belgium cycling tournament scraps poster of podium girl 's bum Sparks global debate about sexism in cycling
CNN  -- Former world player of the year Ronaldinho will return home to Brazil , according to his Italian club AC Milan . The 30-year-old has been targeted by the new owners of English Premier League club Blackburn Rovers , but he is now expected to rejoin his hometown club Gremio of Porto Alegre . "  We are all sorry to lose a player of the quality of Ronaldinho . But he has made a life choice by going to Brazil , " AC Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri told reporters ahead of the resumption of the Serie A program on Thursday . Ronaldinho is contracted to Milan until June , but is heading back to Rio de Janeiro as the two clubs seek to make a deal , according to Italian media . Who will be the best deals of the January sales ? "  If it were up to me , I would already be wearing the shirt of Gremio , even if at the cost of earning less . The problem is not what they offered me , but what Milan are asking for , " he said in quotes reported by La Gazetta Della Sport . If Gremio can not agree a fee , then Brazilian rivals Flamengo will step in to sign Ronaldinho , according to Radio Globo . He has been unable to resurrect his career since leaving Barcelona in 2008 , losing his regular place this season following the arrival of compatriot Robinho and Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Ronaldinho 's place in the Milan squad has gone to Italy international Antonio Cassano , but Allegri said the former Sampdoria player was not certain to feature even as a substitute in the league leaders ' trip to Cagliari . Blackburn chase Ronaldinho and Beckham The other big story of the January transfer window , David Beckham 's proposed loan move to English club Tottenham , still remains in doubt . However , British media widely reported on Wednesday that his American owners the LA Galaxy will sanction an off-season switch . Tottenham 's Premier League rivals Newcastle , who have also been linked with the 35-year-old former England captain along with Blackburn , tied up a permanent deal for France international Hatem Ben Arfa . The 23-year-old winger had been on loan from Marseille , but is now contracted until mid-2015 after impressing before the double leg break he suffered in October . "  During my time out , I have been inundated with messages of support from fans and I want to repay them all with good performances on the pitch later this season , " he told the club 's website . Manchester City 's long-rumored signing of Bosnia striker Edin Dzeko took another step forward as the Wolfsburg player arrived in England for a medical . City boss Roberto Mancini revealed on Tuesday that the German club had agreed to sell the 24-year-old , for a reported fee of around $ 40 million . Romania striker Adrian Mutu may be seeking a new club after his Italian side Fiorentina threatened to take action following his training-ground walkout on Wednesday . The club released a statement saying the 31-year-old would not play in Thursday 's match against Bologna , and that he had left himself liable for possible legal action . Mutu has twice been banned for drug use , while with English club Chelsea in 2004 and last year at Fiorentina .	Italian Serie A leaders expect Ronaldinho to join a club in his native Brazil The 30-year-old wants to return to his hometown club Gremio if a deal can be agreed Milan coach unsure if new striker Antonio Cassano will face Cagliari on Thursday English club Newcastle sign on-loan France winger Hatem Ben Arfa on a permanent deal
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Be it Iran or North Korea , economic sanctions are a well-used weapon in the diplomatic arsenal for dealing with international disputes . But do they work ? Workers at TOTAL 's project in Burma unload pipe for the 1996 construction of the Yadana pipeline . Consider the Southeast Asian nation of Myanmar . Ruled by the military since 1962 , the state  formerly known as Burma  has been under sanctions from Western nations for more than a decade . Despite years of tightening economic pressure , military rule in Myanmar continues . "  I think sanctions have very little effect on the economy  of Myanmar  because they have very little in the way of international trade , " said Sean Turnell , author of Fiery Dragons : Banks Moneylenders and Microfinance in Burma and an economics professor at Macquarie University in Australia . While the U.S. , European Union and Australia have banned new investment , non-sanctioning countries are taking advantage of business opportunities in Myanmar , which is rich with natural resources like natural gas , timber , jade and rubies . China , Thailand , India and Singapore already have lucrative deals in place with Myanmar 's military government . Neighboring Thailand depends heavily on Myanmar 's offshore natural gas and hydroelectric dams to provide power to the Thai population . China has signed a deal to build a natural gas pipeline from the west coast of Myanmar into western China . Thailand buys about 30 percent of its gas from Myanmar and uses gas to generate about two-thirds of its electricity . Watch the history of Myanmar sanctions " Despite the American and European sanctions currently in place , U.S.-based Chevron and French-based TOTAL are doing business in Myanmar today because their contracts were signed with Myanmar 's military government before international pressure was tightened . The Yadana natural gas project , off the coast of Myanmar , involves three foreign firms : TOTAL , Chevron and the Petroleum Authority of Thailand  PTT  . TOTAL has the biggest investment with a 31 % stake in the project . TOTAL told CNN it paid $ 250 million in taxes to the Myanmar government in 2008 . Chevron did not respond to repeated phone and email requests for comment on this story , but Chevron 's Web site said the company 's local community projects benefit the people of Myanmar . Western corporations have faced criticism for doing business in a country run by a government accused of human rights abuses . But these companies go to where the oil and gas lie -- often in unstable regions of the world . "  What we provide is a different example of work , of business and what good governance should be about , " said Jean-Francois Lassalle , vice president of public affairs for Total . "  Our employees have benefits from social pensions , employee representation , holidays and good contracts . We function in Burma the same way we do in Europe . In that sense , we 're trying to be an example . " The company employs 250 permanent and more than 600 subcontracted workers in Myanmar , Lassalle said . TOTAL provides free medicine and education to the local population , along with funding for hospitals and orphanages . The company estimates its community projects affect 50,000 people in Myanmar . Yet Myanmar remains one of the poorest countries in Asia . According to some estimates , more than 30 percent of the population live under the poverty line . The military regime has suppressed democracy movements for the past several decades . Myanmar 's most famous citizen , Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi -- whose party won the majority of seats in the 1990 election -- has been kept under house arrest and is currently on trial for alleged violations of her detention . It is another indication of the military 's tight grip on power , despite sanctions . Some experts say more should be done to hit the military regime where it hurts : their personal bank accounts . The Myanmar military elite have millions in overseas bank accounts , experts say . Southeast Asia expert Jamie Metzl of the non-profit Asia Society , said freezing personal assets of the military generals was a good idea but cautions it would be an uphill battle . Metzl believes that any such move would need the support of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  which includes Thailand -- a major trade partner -- and Singapore . "  If sanctions -LSB- of freezing personal assets -RSB- were put in place and if ASEAN states including Singapore were on board , then conceivably , there could be a way to reach some of those assets , although the generals could move them elsewhere . " Metzl noted that ASEAN tends to favor a policy of engagement with Myanmar : In other words , soft diplomacy rather than the harsh bite of economic sanctions . Unless all countries play ball , it is clear that economic sanctions can only do so much .	China , Thailand , India , Singapore have lucrative deals with Myanmar 's junta Expert says sanctions have little impact on Myanmar economy Experts recommend freezing personal assets of the ruling generals Such a move would need ASEAN support ; but ASEAN prefers soft diplomacy
San Diego  CNN  -- Introducing a new word : "  cultuphobia . " It means the fear that another person 's culture is taking over your own . The word may be new , but the concept is ancient . America is a land of immigrants that has , in truth , never liked immigrants -- no matter where they came from and whether they came with the proper documents or a letter of reference from the Queen of England . Part of the reason that we do n't like immigrants is because they frighten us . And one way in which they frighten us is because we worry that -- with the changes they bring -- they 'll wind up marginalizing us and making us less important and less relevant . There is a name for that fear : cultuphobia . For an example , look at what happened this week to mark the launch of the new English-language , Latino-targeted television network Fusion , founded by ABC and Univision . The parent companies came up with what they thought was the cute idea of swapping anchors on their top-rated morning shows . The Spanish-language show , "  Despierta America , " which is based in Miami , sent hosts Raul Gonzalez and Karla Martinez to New York for some early morning chitchat with George Stephanopoulos and Robin Roberts , the hosts of "  Good Morning America . " Meanwhile , GMA sent Lara Spencer and Sam Champion to Miami to visit with the "  Despierta America " crew . Come to think of it , this was a pretty good idea . And no one seemed to enjoy it more than the hosts who switched places . In New York , Gonzalez and Martinez were on the "  Good Morning America " set on the same day as Enrique Iglesias , who sang a new song . Everyone seemed comfortable with one another , and there was a lot of laughing and dancing . In Miami , Spencer told The Huffington Post that she "  had no idea how much fun it was " to be on Spanish-language television and implored producers to "  please have me back . " Champion proclaimed that he loved the experience and did n't want to go back to New York . "  I 'm staying , " he told the website . More laughing and dancing , this time to mariachi music . It is no wonder that it all went so well , proclaimed Mexican actor Eugenio Derbez , who was also a guest on "  Despierta America " that day . His hit movie "  Instructions Not Included " is in limited release in the United States . After all , these days , the language barrier is just a puddle jump and , he said , among Latinos in the U.S. , "  everyone speaks both English and Spanish . " Here is where the story gets interesting . Judging from the reaction on the "  Good Morning America " page on Facebook and the comment section following news stories about the switch , many regular viewers of "  Good Morning America " did not appreciate the gimmick . In fact , many of them were furious . Some said they changed the channel . Others vowed to never watch the show again if there is a repeat performance . "  This had better be a one-time thing , " wrote one disgruntled viewer . One woman complained that , when she tunes in to her favorite morning news show , she expects to get what she always gets -- the news of the day "  in ENGLISH . " There 's the giveaway . For many of those angry "  Good Morning America " viewers , it might just have been a case of them preferring to stick with what they like . But for others , it was a case of cultuphobia . These viewers are n't just protecting their favorite show , but -- as they probably see it -- their language , culture and civilization . This is the other side to cultural marketing , and it 's ugly . A corporation -- or in this case , a media company such as ABC -- might vie for a larger market share by going after a new set of viewers and alienate its core audience members , who feel slighted , ignored or insulted . When that happens , the core is n't quiet . The core speaks up . Maybe next time , the company decides it is n't worth it . I hope that does n't happen here . I hope ABC will stand its ground and continue down this road of trying to reach Latino viewers . Still , I 'm not sure how Fusion will perform in the long run . I have concerns , and I 'm not alone . While the new network is marketed to younger viewers who speak English , it does n't seem that they 've thought deeply about how to reach their viewers . That 's not an easy demographic group to tap into , for either marketers or media . Plus , Fusion would be better off not becoming simply an English-language , hipper version of Univision , where -- as I would put it -- the anchors are white and the politics are blue . The liberal Spanish-language network is all about advocacy journalism and protecting what it sees as the interests of Latino immigrants -- especially the undocumented . Yet , on most of its telenovelas , which are produced in Mexico , the lead actress is European-looking with light skin . So , at Univision , they seem to believe that dark-skinned immigrants should have the full pallet of rights -- except , apparently , the right to appear in a starring role on Spanish-language television . That 's evidence of a different kind of phobia , and a depressing reminder that -- in either language , and either of side of the border -- people are the same , and prejudice is alive and well . Join Us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette	Ruben Navarrette : "  Cultuphobia " is fear that another culture is taking yours over Navarrette : We worry that new cultural changes will marginalize us When Spanish hosts came to "  Good Morning America , " some viewers were upset Navarrette : Either they did n't like their morning routine changed , or they were "  cultuphobic "
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece 's Prime Minister George Papandreou announced Wednesday that a government reshuffle will take place Thursday , after which he will seek a vote of confidence in parliament . The planned reshuffle represents an attempt to win support for additional austerity measures intended to help the economy weather the current crisis , measures that sparked debate Wednesday in parliament as demonstrators protested outside . Papandreou faces strong opposition from his own party over the measures , with one member of parliament defecting and another saying that he would vote for them . After Papandreou 's announcement of the reshuffle in a brief televised statement , the main opposition called for an early election . The Greek parliament has opened debate on the austerity measures , seen by some economists as essential to Greece 's meeting the terms of its international creditors . Papandreou said the formation of a unity government requires agreement from all opposition parties on the cuts and privatizations agreed to in an international bailout Greece undertook slightly more than a year ago . Papandreou 's reshuffle comes amid mounting opposition and the defection of one of his party 's parliament members over the austerity program . The main opposition party , New Democracy , has repeatedly demanded that Papandreou quit and that a cross-party coalition renegotiate the terms of the bailout package . The government 's popularity has plunged recently , and anti-government protests turned violent Wednesday , as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the Ministry of Finance and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . Tens of thousands of protesters had vowed to form a human shield around the parliament to prevent lawmakers from debating new austerity measures Wednesday afternoon . "  This is a joke . It is all a joke , " protester Christos Miliadakis , 35 , said of the government plans . "  When will we be able to get out of this vicious circle ? My wife lost her job . I had a 12 % pay cut as a result of the first bailout . The new measures want to cut another 20 % of jobs in the public sector , " he said . "  So if no one has money and we are just more in debt , who is going to drive the economy ? We will live like slaves paying all our lives . " Architecture student Maria Iliadi , 23 , said that , for people like her , "  the future in this country has been erased . There will be no big public projects , and no one will be building for a long time . Sometimes , finishing my degree seems totally pointless . " About 25,000 demonstrators were on the streets of the capital by the middle of the day , police said . Two police officers and four civilians were slightly injured , and 12 people were arrested , they said . Labor unions were holding a 24-hour strike to protest the measures and planned to march to Parliament to join forces with the protesters . The strike has brought public services to a grinding halt and kept most transport networks at a standstill , although flights have not been affected . Rallies also were scheduled to take place in other Greek cities . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put the measures into effect . The government has said that the passage of these additional measures is essential to Greece 's securing the fifth portion of a 110 billion euro  $ 158 billion  bailout package that Greece signed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund to prevent the country from defaulting on its debts . Greek Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou has said the country hopes to secure a second bailout deal this month . The search for a second bailout comes after it became evident that Greece is extremely unlikely to raise capital from private markets in 2012 due to the prohibitively high interest rates it would face . Papaconstantinou has also indicated that European Union members may support calls to get the private sector involved . Despite the harsh austerity measures that the Greek government has imposed , it is failing to close its budget deficit as quickly as many had hoped . The country is in recession amid its fiscal restructuring program . The finance minister has defended the five-year austerity plan , saying it is needed to keep Greece solvent . The new measures will include a number of additional taxes and an additional 20 % cut in public-sector jobs . Protesters have been gathering outside Parliament for more than three weeks as part of an ongoing peaceful demonstration against austerity measures , with some camping in the square facing Parliament . They call themselves "  The Indignants , " a grass-roots movement that takes its name from the Spanish campaign of "  Los Indignados , " who have been holding similar mobilizations against austerity across Spain . The Indignants issued a statement saying it would keep going until the politicians and technocrats it blames for what is happening in Greece "  go away . " The credit rating agency Standard & Poor 's on Monday cut Greece 's rating to just two notches above default , among the lowest in the world . The agency has said a default on some debt appears "  increasingly likely . " Unemployment in Greece skyrocketed to more than 16 % in May , a 40 % rise since last year . The European Commission has said Greece 's economy was expected to shrink by 3.5 % this year . Papandreou has pledged to continue with the changes no matter the political cost . He has said that the alternative , a default , "  would be a catastrophe . " The five-year austerity plan is expected to face a vote in Parliament in before the end of the month .	Prime Minister George Papandreou will seek a vote of confidence Thursday At least 25,000 turn out to keep lawmakers from debating budget-cutting measures The protests against the austerity turn violent , with gasoline bombs and tear gas Greece is getting international help to deal with its budget deficit
CNN  -- The U.S. and European Union will begin talks later this year on a multi-trillion dollar free-trade pact to boost economic growth . President Barack Obama and EU leaders are hoping agreement to reduce trade barriers will support millions of jobs on both sides of the Atlantic . Speaking at a press conference in Brussels , Trade Commissioner Karel De Gucht said the EU and the U.S. would strive to open negotiations by the end of June . "  This undertaking wo n't be easy . Ideally , we 'd like to complete this work in about two years from now , " De Gucht said . Read more : EU leaders agree historic cut in long-term budget If finalized , the deal -- dubbed the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership -- would be the biggest bilateral trade agreement ever negotiated . As two of the world 's most important trade partners , business between the U.S. and the EU already exceeds $ 2 billion a day and $ 5 trillion annually . This accounts for one third of global trade flows , according to the EU and the U.S. chamber of commerce . Watch more : Deepening US , EU trade relations The negotiations come as governments seek new ways to rekindle growth without adding to already inflated national debts while central banks have pumped trillions of dollars into the global economy . Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso described the pact as a "  game changer " and said it "  is a boost to our economies that does not cost a cent of taxpayer money . " The EU estimates the partnership could increase the 27-nation bloc 's annual economic output by 0.5 % . US President Barack Obama announced the launch of talks in his State of the Union address yesterday . He said of the partnership : "  Trade that is free and fair across the Atlantic supports millions of good-paying American jobs . " Obama added : "  It is our generation 's task , then , to reignite the true engine of America 's economic growth -- a rising , thriving middle class . " The U.S. and EU have been focusing on bilateral deals with trading partners as it became clear that talks at the World Trade Organization on a global deal -- the Doha round -- were making little progress . De Gucht said the deal would center on dismantling any remaining trade tariffs while tackling regulatory and certification barriers . The US Chamber of Commerce has calculated that the removal of all tariffs could add $ 180 billion to combined EU-U.S. gross domestic product over five years . Eliminating half the non-tariff barriers to trade could add a further 3 % to GDP for both the EU and the U.S. Barroso added that tariffs must be cut wherever it makes sense and is possible . He said : " "  For these negotiations to succeed , we need -- above all -- political will : a desire to make our rules and regulations compatible . "	The EU estimates the partnership could boost the bloc 's annual economic output by 0.5 % Trade between the US and the EU already exceeds $ 2 billion a day and $ 5 trillion annually If finalized , the deal would be the biggest bilateral trade agreement ever negotiated
Palm Beach County , Florida  CNN  -- I am a U.S. Army veteran and I was once homeless and struggling with addiction . After I got out of the service , I was introduced to alcohol and drugs . I ended up on the street where I lived in drug houses , and saw shootings and crime of all types . The places I encountered when I was looking for a safe haven were no better than the streets . That 's when the commitment in my heart to help homeless veterans was born . I 've since dedicated my life to this cause . In 1994 I founded a nonprofit organization , Faith * Hope * Love * Charity , with another formerly homeless veteran , the late Donald Reed . In May 2000 , the vision became a reality and the doors to Stand Down House , a transitional living facility for homeless male veterans , opened . After being named a Top Ten CNN Hero in 2009 , I was able to complete my vision of providing a resource center that provides housing and services for women as well . About a quarter of homeless adults in this country are veterans , according to the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans , yet the Census shows veterans represent only 10 percent of the civilian population . Studies vary because homeless populations are difficult to count , but on any given night , from 107,000 to 300,000 veterans are homeless . In the early years , we were mainly helping older vets . Now , we are seeing younger men , some in their 20s , many who have served in the war on terror , needing help . They may have different struggles from the older vets , but they still benefit from the same camaraderie . These men are also struggling with mental and physical illnesses , addictions and other issues related to combat , service and life . They also get help with the interpersonal problems they cause . We help them regain their lives , just like regained mine . I not only wanted to help homeless veterans , I wanted to help them before they became homeless , before they have to live through what I did . My charity in Palm Beach County , Florida , assists veterans , soldiers , and their families by providing supportive services , financial assistance , housing , mental health service referrals and more . I do what I do because I am one of them . It 's as simple as that . I practice what we are taught in the service , that no man should be left behind . We are still brothers-in-arms . Our "  First Stop Veterans ' Resource Center , " FSVRC , helps with emergency financial aid , referrals , VA-SSA benefit information , employment assistance , and more , regardless of where the veterans live or service members are stationed . The needs are vast . For example , in early 2008 , foreclosure rates in military communities increased at four times the national average . Veterans lead the nation in homelessness , substance abuse , depression and suicide , according the secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs . For veterans , especially those who have recently come back from active duty , the search for a job can be harder than it is for civilians . Skills learned in service or honed on the battlefield are not easily translated to the regular job market . Add to that the need for a period of readjustment to civilian life and dealing with physical and mental injuries . Earlier this year , the unemployment rate for both male and female vets from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan was significantly higher than that of nonveterans , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . According to the Department of Veterans Affairs , between 6,500 and 7,000 female vets in the United States are homeless , with almost nowhere for them to get help -- especially when compared with the number of facilities for homeless male veterans . It does n't make sense when you look at the numbers . Women are four times more likely to end up homeless than their male counterparts . They make up around 15 percent of all veterans ; 11 percent of Iraq War and Afghanistan War vets are women , 40 percent of active duty females have children , and 11 percent are single parents . Many women are losing custody of their kids because of their active duty status and deployment . Our First Stop Resource Center 's housing program provides temporary housing and support services for these at-risk and homeless female veterans , with and without children , and families of soldiers and veterans . My commitment and my day does not end with my charity . I am a member of the Veterans Advisory Committee and Palm Beach County Veterans Task Force . I have helped with the burials of indigent veterans . I am also opening a local Veterans Court to help prevent veterans from cycling through the courts and to get them the help they really need . Many have resorted to drug use and other negative behaviors to deal with their combat and service experience , and wind up in our criminal justice system . In fact , I just got the news that our first case will be heard there on November 18 . Helping our veterans and seeing them happy makes it all worth it . No man or woman will be left behind as long as we are this nation . That is why I do what I do 24-7-365 . Is n't that what our veterans have done and continue to do for all of us ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roy Foster .	Army veteran Roy Foster struggled with addiction and homelessness He could find no safe haven and decided to turn his life around and help other homeless vets A quarter of homeless adults are vets , and need mental , physical , re-entry help , he says Foster co-founded center to provide shelter and services for homeless vets and families
CNN  -- The cool of Barack Obama was very much on display on a warm day in Boston 's Christopher Columbus Park during the summer of 2004 . John Kerry , right , and Obama confer at the 2004 DNC , where Obama wowed the crowd with his keynote address . It was going to be a big day for the Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate from Illinois . In a few hours , on that night , July 27 , 2004 , he was to give the keynote address to the Democratic National Convention at the Fleet Center about a mile away . But as he gave a lunchtime speech on environmental policy to a leisurely crowd of about 100 people at the green space on Boston Harbor , he was relaxed and loose , seemingly unconcerned about what was ahead . Taking notes amid the crowd , I hoped to get a few minutes with the candidate . I 'd been told about his vaunted charisma -- my two brothers , both of whom live in Chicago , had mentioned his oratorical gifts -- but in person Obama seemed familiar , even a touch wonky , as he talked about asthma rates and the Bush administration 's environmental record . I chatted with Obama 's press attaché and with a Chicago Tribune reporter , David Mendell , as the speech wound down , and was offered a ride in a nondescript minivan back to the Fleet Center . Even then Obama was attracting attention ; several members of the audience gave him enthusiastic greetings as he left the scene to get in the van . In the front passenger seat of the van , the rail-thin Obama , obviously hungry  he later told me he 'd lost eight pounds since the beginning of the campaign  , chewed on a sandwich and joked with the other passengers as I peppered him with questions during the 20-minute ride . He answered with deliberate thoughtfulness , though he 'd probably heard at least a few of them dozens of times already . Was he worried about the speech , the kind of spotlight that had made political leaders including William Jennings Bryan , Mario Cuomo and Ann Richards national figures ? "  There 's going to be some adrenaline , " he said , after taking off his tie and unbuttoning his white dress shirt . "  But the pressure I 'm experiencing is nothing compared to folks I 'm meeting getting laid off . ... That 's real pressure . " And what about the Senate race ? Illinois Republicans were in disarray and better-known , better-funded candidates had fallen by the wayside , with Obama seemingly now a sure thing for the seat . "  Three months is a lifetime in politics , " Obama replied . By now , Obama 's rise is well known : the son of a Kenyan father and Kansas mother , raised in Indonesia and Hawaii , community organizer , Harvard Law Review editor , author , law instructor , politician . He 's been astutely revealing in his books , notably his 1995 memoir "  Dreams From My Father , " and his presidential campaign has reflected his demeanor . But none of it was foreordained . In the fall of 2003 , when he was still an Illinois state senator , he was one of seven candidates running for Peter Fitzgerald 's vacated U.S. Senate seat . One of his opponents was a multimillionaire ; another was the Illinois state controller . Obama was unknown and underfunded . "  I remember asking -LSB- at one event -RSB- , ` Where is he ? ' " Mendell recalled at the Boston rally . "  And somebody said , ` He 's parking the car . ' " Mendell 's description of Obama 's 2004 race offers echoes of his painstaking , grassroots 2008 campaign . Obama had some good luck : The multimillionaire , Blair Hull , had details of his ugly divorce come out during the campaign . But Obama 's success was also a tribute to his meticulous resolve . "  He ran a really smart primary campaign , " Mendell said . "  He waited until the ninth inning to score all his runs . ... It was masterfully done . " Mendell later wrote a book on Obama , "  Obama : From Promise to Power . " Not even Obama knows for sure how he landed the keynote slot . In his 2006 book , "  The Audacity of Hope , " he writes , "  The process by which I was selected ... remains something of a mystery to me . " He did n't meet 2004 Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry until the Illinois primary was over , he recalls ; he spoke at a Kerry fundraiser but did n't know he 'd be giving a speech at the DNC until weeks later . Even then , he did n't know he 'd deliver the keynote until told by Kerry campaign manager Mary Beth Cahill . According to an August article in The New Republic , Obama was selected over some better-known names by the Kerry brain trust , which included Cahill and adviser Robert Shrum , for various reasons . As an African-American , he would help attract minority voters ; Obama was also youthful and energetic , qualities that the Kerry campaign wanted to display on television . And he had a good rapport with Kerry , Mendell told the magazine . "  It 's Kerry kind of looking at him -LSB- at the fundraiser -RSB- and picking up tricks from the rookie , " Mendell said . "  That was the event where he really impressed Kerry . " The keynote , of course , electrified the nation and introduced America to the man who would become president . "  Now even as we speak , there are those who are preparing to divide us , " Obama said . "  Well , I say to them tonight , there is not a liberal America and a conservative America -- there is the United States of America . There is not a black America and a white America and Latino America and Asian America -- there 's the United States of America . ... "  We are one people , all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes , all of us defending the United States of America . " He gave a hint of those words in the van on the way to the Fleet Center . He was going to give a unifying message , he said , not one that reinforced the "  slash-and-burn politics " that had divided the country . "  People know -LSB- President -RSB- Bush is n't the cause of every problem in the world , and they know the Democrats are n't a bunch of raving lunatics , " he said . Having finished the sandwich , the van approaching its destination , and prepared to enter the Fleet Center for another round of interviews . When that was over , he was going to take a jog . "  Then a long shower , " he added , "  and maybe a nap . " History may have awaited , but he was n't perturbed . Then again , maybe he knew something the rest of us did n't . He 'd completed the speech a couple weeks earlier , and he must have suspected its power . In a New Yorker article by Ryan Lizza , Obama 's friend Marty Nesbitt also recalls the buzz building around Obama that day , and a clue Obama gave as to what was next . "  My speech , " Obama said , "  is pretty good . " Watch another ` pretty good ' address : Obama 's victory speech "	Writer rode with Obama on his way to give keynote address at 2004 DNC Obama 's keynote electrified the nation , emphasized unity Candidate John Kerry took a chance giving keynote to lesser-known Obama Obama calm : Said the pressure "  nothing compared to folks ... getting laid off "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A few months ago , most South Koreans would have laughed at a question that now looms large in their minds : "  Will there be a second Korean War ? " Living for decades through missile launches , naval skirmishes and nuclear tests conducted by their troublesome neighbor North Korea , South Koreans learned to brush things aside and move on with their daily lives . Pyongyang became more like a bothersome brother than an enemy nation -- especially to a younger generation that had never seen battles fought at home . But that changed instantly on November 23 , after North Korea 's shelling of Yeonpyeong Island killed four South Koreans . Grainy security camera footage showing people fleeing for their lives sent chills down people 's backs . It showed them that North Korea remains an immense -- and nearby -- threat . The country was on high-alert as the South Korean military pursued a live-fire drill Monday near the same waters where the November attack took place . Gearing up to evacuate or hide in bunkers , islanders hoped for the best , but worried the conflict could swiftly spiral out of control . They said that the drills needed to happen , but noted that the timing might lead to another attack . "  Of course , it 's better not to do them , " said Paek Soon-nyeo , 84 , as she headed toward what would be the last ferry out of the island before the drills . After the drills ended Monday , residents anxiously waited to see what would happen at a time when North Korea 's next step was anyone 's guess . Is war a possibility ? Few people shrugged off the idea . The shelling of the Yeonpyeong Island was a wake-up call for people here , who realized they do n't have the slightest clue of what to do if North Korea were to attack the country . What used to be a widely ignored practice was viewed in a different light . Average Seoul citizens took cover in subway stations and descended downstairs in office buildings in a simulated air-raid on that day . "  We actually do n't participate very well , because nothing happened between North Korea and South Korea . But recently it has happened , so it 's very serious for us to think about these kinds of events , " said Chung Woo-sub , a university student who ducked into the subway station . In the minds of the younger South Koreans like Chung , dramatic images of North and South Korean leaders shaking hands in Pyongyang are fresher than old tales of war-torn memories . But recent developments on the peninsula might have changed that .	The younger generation has not seen Pyongyang as a significant threat The shelling on Yeonpyeong Island changes that Island residents worry that the conflict could swiftly spiral out of control "  It 's very serious for us to think about these kinds of events , " one student says
CNN  -- Books , movies , magazines and newspapers repeatedly refer to addiction , usually concerning drugs or alcohol . It is only recently , in the modern realm of celebrity addictions that the public discourse has added sex to the list of potential afflictions  see : Tiger Woods , David Duchovny  and the general public is still rather slow on acceptance . How can something as fun as sex be an addiction , you ask ? The answer is , any addiction is potentially destructive , turning something enjoyable , like a pint of beer or an intimate evening into something entirely different . Feeling compelled can take the joy out of anything . "  Shame , " the excellent and profoundly disturbing sophomore film  following 2008 's highly-regarded "  Hunger "  from English director Steve McQueen , is basically a character study of two damaged souls and their relationships both with each other and the world around them . It 's a penetrating and deeply unsettling look at addiction , obsession and self-destruction . Brandon  Michael Fassbender  is an upwardly-mobile , thirtysomething New Yorker who just happens to spend every waking moment that he 's not otherwise occupied with work , engaged in some sort of sexual activity . Pornography , escorts , random encounters , group sex , masturbation ... all are fair game . He is an addict by any definition of the word and lest you consider sex addiction as a comparatively harmless addiction compared with , say , drugs or alcohol , think again . It 's as if he 's constantly in pain and sex is the only way to stop the agony , to shut his emotional life away in a box . It 's routine self-numbing , and however charming or chatty Brandon may be in public , it 's all just a means to an end -- the search for sexual release . Maintaining a tenuous balancing act between his work life and his life as an addict , Brandon is thrown off the rails by a visit from his equally but differently damaged younger sister , Sissy  Carey Mulligan  . The two have a past . Something has happened in their childhood that has shaped their lives and their relationship and each has dealt with it in a different way . While we might be able to read into their behavior somewhat , we are largely left to imagine what that past might contain . While Brandon has buried his emotions in sexual release , Sissy is the opposite and wears hers on her sleeve , along with scars from a past of cutting and perhaps , suicide attempts . She is all externalized emotions , a gadabout to Brandon 's stoic . She 's a nightclub performer and extrovert , the exact opposite of her brother 's bottled-up persona , and her visit upsets his apple cart completely . In this oil-and-water sibling relationship , all he wants is for her to take life seriously and exhibit some responsibility , while she 's trying to get him to loosen up and have some fun . It seems as though neither is capable of doing what the other wants and both are eminently self-destructive . He is used to his solo sex life : He has an extensive porn collection , uses escorts frequently and visits Internet sex sites , all of which are interrupted by Sissy 's visit . She has no idea of his addiction and when she stumbles onto it , things go pear-shaped , but fast . Fassbender 's performance is not entirely unlike the one he gives in David Cronenberg 's "  A Dangerous Method " in that much of his character 's emotional life goes on beneath the surface . However , in "  Shame " it 's reversed . While his portrayal of Carl Jung in the Cronenberg film came alive when he was with Sabina Spielrein  Keira Knightley  , Brandon shuts down when he 's in sexual situations and the only person who can coax an emotion out of him is Sissy -- and that emotion usually is anger . Sissy , on the other hand , is just looking for some love , caring and protection from her big brother . It 's clear the two do n't see each other very often , otherwise she 'd know that Brandon is the last person to go to for those things and the last to understand what she needs . Carey Mulligan more than holds her own against yet another impressive 2011 performance from Fassbender , giving one of the best female performances in a year rife with them . A decent shot at a best supporting actress Oscar nomination , her Sissy is an open wound , raw and emotionally unguarded and working without a safety net . For his part , Fassbender inhabits Brandon like a less-homicidal version of Patrick Bateman  "  American Psycho "  . Cool , calm and collected , his emotions buried ... until they are n't and they leap out of him in a torrent . Like any addict , he 's forever searching for something to soothe his pain . The third major character in "  Shame " is New York City , and McQueen shows its cold , bleak and rather lonely side . If you 've lived there for any length of time , you ought to understand : For such a large and vibrant city , it can make you feel like you 're the last person on earth . McQueen uses the subways and dark , outer borough streets , bars and clubs to great effect , leaving most of the city  and most of its occupants  outside a tight frame and out of focus . No sweeping , glorious views of the skyline , but rather tight shots of Brandon on the subway or in a club . Even many of the sex scenes are shot as a collection of limbs and faces and breasts and other various body parts so you often are n't exactly sure where one person ends and another begins . As for said sex scenes , they are anything but sexy . By the time the most graphic of Brandon 's encounters occurs , arousal does n't even enter the mind . Much how "  Leaving Las Vegas " was unlikely to cause most people to reach for a vodka on the rocks , "  Shame " is not going to be the cause for much late-night pillow talk . On the other hand , it may just make you reach for that drink . "  Shame " is rated NC-17  no one under 17 admitted  . There 's a lot of graphic sex , all sorts of nudity and the subject matter is pretty damn dark .	"  Shame " is a penetrating , deeply unsettling look at addiction and obsession Brandon  Michael Fassbender  is constantly in pain ; sex is the only relief He is thrown off the rails by a visit from his equally but differently damaged sister
CNN  -- The Rev. Jeremiah Wright on Monday said the black church , not him , had been subjected to attacks in the 2008 presidential campaign . Speaking before the National Press Club , Sen. Barack Obama 's former pastor sought to give insight into the black church and clarify some of his remarks that have sparked a firestorm . Earlier this year , some of Wright 's sermons , circulated and widely discussed on the Internet and on television , became an issue in the Democratic presidential race because of the former pastor 's ties to Obama . Wright is a retired pastor from the Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago , Illinois , where Obama worships . In one sermon , Wright said the U.S. had brought the September 11 attacks upon itself and said "  America 's chickens are coming home to roost . " Asked to explain those remarks , Wright said , "  Have you heard the whole sermon ? ... No , you have n't heard the whole sermon . That nullifies that question . " Watch as Wright explains his 9/11 comments " Wright said those who heard the entire sermon would have known that he was quoting the ambassador from Iraq and keeping in line with biblical principles . "  Jesus said , ` Do unto others as you would have them do unto you . ' You can not do terrorism on other people and expect it never to come back on you . Those are biblical principles , not Jeremiah Wright bombastic principles , " he said . Watch as Wright questions his critics ' patriotism " Wright shot back at the notion that Obama has walked away from him , saying the candidate "  distanced himself from some of my remarks . ... He had to distance himself , because he 's a politician , from what the media was saying I had said , which was un-American . " Obama , when asked what he could do to keep Wright 's latest comments from dragging him down , replied : "  I think people will understand that I am not perfect and that there are going to be folks in my past like Rev. Wright that may cause them some concern -- but that ultimately , my 20 years of service and the values that I 've written about and spoken about and promoted are their values and what they 're concerned about . And that 's what this camp has been about and what it 's going to continue to be about . " Wright said sound bites from his sermons were taken out of context and said the black religious tradition , despite its long history , is in some ways "  invisible to the dominant culture . " The theology of the black church is a "  theology of liberation , it is a theology of transformation and it is ultimately a theology of reconciliation , " he said . Wright 's remarks came a day after he addressed an audience of 10,000 at a dinner sponsored by the Detroit chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People . Watch as Wright answers his critics at the NAACP event " Reiterating some of the same points from that dinner , Wright said , "  Being different does not mean one is deficient -- it simply means one is different , like snowflakes . " Wright said reconciliation means "  we embrace our individual rich histories . " He said it also means rooting out "  any teaching of superiority , inferiority , hatred or prejudice " and recognizing that each person "  is one of God 's children ... no better , no worse . " "  Only then will liberation , transformation and reconciliation become realities and cease being ever-elusive ideals , " he said . At the height of the Wright controversy , Obama gave a speech on race relations , rejecting his ex-pastor 's controversial comments but saying he could not repudiate the man himself . "  I 'm not here for political reasons , " Wright said Sunday . "  I am not a politician . I know that fact will surprise many of you because many in the corporate-owned media have made it seem as if I had announced that I 'm running for the Oval Office . I am not running for the Oval Office . "  I 've been running for Jesus a long , long time , and I 'm not tired yet . " Sen. John McCain , the presumptive GOP nominee , weighed in on the controversy Monday , saying he does not think Obama and Wright share the same "  extremist views . " Watch McCain comment on Wright " McCain on Sunday broached the topic of Wright unprompted for the first time despite previous suggestions the issue would be out of bounds in the presidential race . McCain said his shifting stance was justified because Obama told "  Fox News Sunday " the controversy surrounding his ex-pastor was "  a legitimate political issue . " The senator from Arizona last week told the North Carolina GOP not to run an ad linking the state 's Democratic candidates for governor -- Richard Moore and Beverly Perdue , both Obama supporters -- to Wright . But on Monday , McCain said he would no longer get involved in such matters . "  I will not be a referee , " he said . E-mail to a friend	The Rev. Jeremiah Wright seeks to explain theology of black church Wright says criticisms come from those who have not heard his whole sermons NEW : Obama : "  Folks in my past like Rev. Wright " may cause some voters concern
Jerusalem  CNN  A Jerusalem synagogue turned from peaceful sanctuary to house of horrors within moments Tuesday when two Palestinian cousins wielding a gun and butcher knives attacked during morning prayers -- a terror attack that Israel 's leader characterized as "  blood libel " fanned by Palestinian leaders . Even as Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the attack , Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu said he was "  glad " but insisted it "  is not enough . " Addressing reporters Tuesday night , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for national unity against "  those human animals who committed this massacre " and against those -- singling out Hamas , the Islamic movement and the Palestinian Authority -- who he claims "  disseminate libels against the state of Israel . " "  There are those who wish to uproot us from the capital , from our land , " he said , referring to Jerusalem . "  They will not be successful ... We have to unify forces . " Netanyahu spoke hours after the latest act of violence to afflict the region , this time at a synagogue in West Jerusalem 's Har Nof area . Experts : No third intifada yet -- but little hope , either Photos taken inside the Jewish house of worship , and released by Israeli officials , painted a grim scene -- from lifeless bodies sprawled on a floor to a shattered pair of glasses to blood seemingly everywhere , drenching holy books , prayer shawls and walls . Three dual U.S.-Israeli citizens and a British-Israeli citizen died in the attack before police shot and killed the two assailants . The terror attack -- the deadliest in Jerusalem since a man with an automatic weapon killed eight seminary students in March 2008 -- came at a particularly tense time in that city and the region at large . It follows a series of recent deadly stabbings and vehicle incidents that , while not the large-scale suicide bombings that defined last decade 's second intifada or the rocket attacks from Gaza earlier this year , have left Jerusalem on edge . Netanyahu blasts ` incitement ' by Palestinian leaders The answer to what 's next came quickly , as Israeli authorities moved into the slain attackers ' East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber to demolish their homes on Netanyahu 's order . The Palestinians ' official WAFA news agency reported 13 people were arrested , including an al-Aqsa Mosque guard . Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat -- whose city is about two-thirds Jewish and one-third Arab -- said the attack were incited by Hamas and terror organizations who use "  rumor and misfacts " about Palestinians are treated in the city . Mark Regev , Netanyahu 's spokesman , said that authorities were also beefing up security around Jerusalem . "  The goal is to make sure that there are not copycat attacks , " Regev said . The war of words between the two sides , meanwhile , continued . "  Abbas  does not send out terrorists , he does n't directly encourage acts of terror , and this is good , " the Netanyahu said , echoing an assessment by an Israeli security chief . "  On the other hand , the incitement of the Palestinian Authority -- and he heads the Palestinian Authority -- and even some things he says ... encourage terrorism , in terms of incitement  of  tensions that run high . " There was no such equivocation about Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that controls Gaza . It 's been at odds with Israel and also with Abbas ' Fatah movement , which controls the West Bank . Hamas did not claim responsibility for the synagogue attack , though it did n't back away from it either . Sami Abu Zuhri , a spokesman for the group , instead linked the attack to the discovery Sunday of an Palestinian bus driver hanged in his bus not far from where Tuesday 's attack occurred .  For his part , Netanyahu said that claims the bus driver was killed were lies and that his death was ruled a suicide . Senior Hamas official Ghazi Hamad predicted to Al Jazeera International that "  there will be more revolution in Jerusalem , and more uprising . " "  Hamas in general supports action against the occupation , " Hamad said . "  Hamas supports any military action against the occupation anywhere it can be carried out . " Four rabbis killed The latest example of such an action came at 7 a.m. Tuesday , when two Palestinian men entered a synagogue in an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood , where about 30 worshipers in prayer shawls and phylacteries were doing their morning prayers . "  They began attacking worshipers , stabbing them before opening fire , " Israel 's foreign ministry said . Who were the victims ? The four killed were all rabbis : Avraham Shmuel Goldberg , 58 ; Aryeh Kupinsky , 43 ; Moshe Twersky , 59 ; and Kalman Levine , 55 . Goldberg was a dual British-Israeli citizen , and the other three were U.S.-Israeli citizens -- which is why the FBI is investigating the attack , according to a U.S. law enforcement official . "  When four great men , wonderful men , wise in Torah study , are slaughtered while praying in public , there is no public grieving greater than that , " said a rabbi who eulogized the men later Tuesday , before their burial . Eight others were wounded , including three who were seriously hurt and a policeman who was critically wounded , according to the foreign ministry . Are you there ? Share images , if you can safely Officials overseas such as British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond strongly condemned the killings , and U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro called them "  a barbaric new low in the sad and outrageous history of such attacks . " "  Tragically , this is not the first loss of life that we have seen in recent months , " U.S. President Barack Obama said after condemning "  in the strongest terms " attacks he said were "  a tragedy " for Israel and the United States . "  Too many Israelis have died , too many Palestinians have died . And at this difficult time , I think it 's important for both Palestinians and Israelis to work together to lower tensions and reject violence . " While no group claimed responsibility for the attack , Israeli officials say the attackers came from East Jerusalem , where Palestinians can move more freely about the city than those living in Gaza , who must pass through stringent checkpoints . Obama condemns ` horrific ' Jerusalem terror attack Ma'an , a Palestinian news agency , identified the two men as Ghassan Abu Jamal and his cousin , Udayy . Whether their actions were part of a coordinated campaign or a spontaneous reprisal , Tuesday 's attack raises the specter of yet more violence against civilians . The latest wave began earlier this year with the kidnapping of three Israeli teens , who were later found dead . Reprisal attacks , rocket fire and retaliatory airstrikes followed that incident , with more than 2,000 Palestinians and 67 Israelis reportedly killed after weeks of heavy fighting . Much of the most recent unrest has been centered around Jerusalem . That includes the discovery of the body of Palestinian bus driver Yousuf al-Ramouni on Sunday , the same day an Israeli was stabbed with a screwdriver near central Jerusalem . Last week , a 20-year-old was stabbed and killed in Tel Aviv , and three people were stabbed -- one fatally -- near the entrance to a settlement in the West Bank , the same spot where the three Israeli teens were kidnapped . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Ralph Ellis reported and wrote from Atlanta , while CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Michael Schwartz , Kareem Khadder , Jethro Mullen , Rachel Kitchen , Shimon Prokupecz , Jason Hanna and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack Israeli ministry : 8 wounded , including an Israeli police officer in critical condition 2 Palestinian cousins enter a Jerusalem synagogue with knives and a gun Netanyahu blames Palestinian Authority , others for spreading "  libels " against Israel
CNN  -- As Catholic bishops in Rome began a major meeting on modern family life two weeks ago , Pope Francis encouraged them to speak candidly and "  without timidness . " He certainly got what he asked for . Bishops bickered . Conservatives contemplated conspiracy theories . Liberals lamented their colleagues ' rigidity . Through it all , the Pope stayed silent . Even when a report emerged from the bishops ' meeting that welcomed gays and lesbians in strikingly open terms , Francis did n't say a word . Even when that welcome was watered down , not once , but twice , and then , on Saturday , largely scrapped , the Pope revealed nothing . By the midpoint of the meeting -- officially called the Synod of the Bishops on Pastoral Challenges to the Family -- conservatives were complaining that Francis had "  done a lot of harm " by not making his own views known . But if Francis had spoken , it would have shut down the very debate he wanted to spark , Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi , a close ally of the Pope 's , told reporters . "  Roma locuta , causa finita , " Ravasi said . That 's Latin for , "  Rome has spoken , the case is closed . "  The Pope is the bishop of Rome . Finally , as the meeting closed on Saturday afternoon , the Pope addressed the nearly 200 bishops he had summoned to Rome . In a widely praised speech , he told them the church must find a middle path between showing mercy toward people on the margins and holding tight to church teachings . What 's more , he said , church leaders still have a year to find "  concrete solutions " to the problems plaguing modern families -- from war and poverty to hostility toward nontraditional unions . A follow-up meeting is scheduled for next October in Rome . All of this may raise a few questions in people 's minds . If the Pope is the head of the church , why ca n't he just make changes on his own ? Why are so many Catholics resistant to revising church teaching ? And what does all of this have to do with Jesus ? Here are some things to keep in mind . WWJD ? Jesus did n't often talk about practical matters , scholars say , but he did talk about divorce . "  I tell you that anyone who divorces his wife , except for sexual immorality , and marries another woman commits adultery , " Jesus says in the Gospel of Matthew . That statement may sound reactionary today , said Candida Moss , a scholar of New Testament and early Christianity , but it was actually pretty progressive at the time . "  In a world in which women had to be married to be successful , " she said , "  being this stringent about divorce actually helped those women . " It especially helped women callously discarded by their husbands , which was allowed under Mosaic law , Moss added . So , when Catholic bishops debate whether to allow divorced and remarried Catholics to receive Communion -- as they did in Rome over the past two weeks -- many bring up this teaching from Jesus . If Jesus said it , the logic goes , the church ca n't change it . Tradition The Catholic Church traces its roots to Peter , whom Jesus gave the keys to heaven and who is considered by many to be the first bishop of Rome -- a sort of proto-pope , if you will . Between then and now , a span of more than 2,000 years , the church has accrued layers upon layers of teachings and traditions . Catholics call this the "  deposit of the faith , " and many conservatives say the job of modern church leaders is to guard it , not change it . In fact , as truth -- with a capital T -- some conservatives argue that even the Pope can never change it . "  The Pope , more than anyone else as the pastor of the universal church , is bound to serve the truth , " Cardinal Raymond Burke , a leading conservative , told Buzzfeed recently . "  The Pope is not free to change the church 's teachings with regard to the immorality of homosexual acts or the insolubility of marriage or any other doctrine of the faith . " Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York , another prominent church leader , suggested that doctrine could change , but only if the Pope called an ecumenical council . More liberal church leaders argue that core Catholic teachings can evolve over time , as they did , for example , on slavery . "  Doctrine develops , " German Cardinal Reinhard Marx said last week . "  Saying that doctrine will never change is a restrictive view of things . " In the war of words between conservative and liberal Catholics , the biggest battle is here : what can and can not change about the church 's moral tenets . The church universal The Catholic Church has an estimated 1.2 billion members spread across hundreds of countries from Afghanistan to Zimbabwe . In many of those countries , ethics , particularly sexual ethics , differ widely . For instance , in Africa , 75 % of Catholics believe that divorced and remarried Catholics are "  living in sin " and should not receive Holy Communion . In the United States and Latin America , just 30 % agree . On same-sex marriage , the gulf is just as wide . Africa  99 %  and the Philippines  84 %  reject same-sex marriage , while a slim majority of Catholics in the United States support it . The Pope , as head of the whole Catholic Church , has to consider all of his far-flung flock -- not just cater to a particular segment , said the Rev. James Martin , a Jesuit priest and author of the book "  Jesus : A Pilgrimage . " "  While he is interested in being prophetic and moving things forward , you ca n't move so fast that you lose an entire wing or geographic section of the church . " The old guard For nearly 35 years , the Catholic Church was led by two popes -- Saint John Paul II and Benedict XVI -- who held fast to traditional church teachings , and part of their mission was to appoint hundreds of bishops who share that view . As a result , conservative bishops hold top positions in many dioceses across the world and in the Vatican itself . "  These are people who have spent a lot of time accruing power and supporters , and they feel very strongly " about the church not changing , Moss said . Since his election in 2013 , though , Francis has slowly but surely reversed that trend . The Pope has appointed moderates in several big dioceses , including in Chicago earlier this fall , and he 's removed some archconservatives from their posts . Burke , for example , who is something of a hero to traditionalists , confirmed last week that he 's been ousted from the Vatican 's supreme court . So , while many liberals expressed disappointment that the bishops ' surprising welcome to gays was later retracted , others argue that at least the topic is still on the table for the next year 's meeting , when the church will make final decisions on these issues . Put another way , taking "  three steps forward , two back , is still going forward , " said Marx .	Bishops bickered throughout a major meeting on Catholic doctrine Pope Francis kept largely silent throughout the debate Catholic teaching is not easy to change
CNN  -- Syria 's main opposition group cast doubt on a Pakistani Taliban commander 's claim that his fighters are establishing a presence in Syria to battle President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . The Syrian National Coalition questioned news reports , including on CNN , saying the Taliban has opened an office in Syria . The group notes that a member of Taliban 's Shura Council denied the development , calling it a "  rumor . " Lucy Liu : Syria 's children deserve chance to be kids again "  We ask for clarification regarding coverage that reflects poorly on the Syrian revolution , particularly news about Taliban 's office in Syria and other news items about Islamist fighters , " the coalition said in a statement released Thursday . Pakistani Taliban commander Abdul Rashid Abbasi told CNN that the first batch of fighters has arrived in Syria and established a command-and-control center to launch operational activities alongside Syrian rebel fighters . But Ahmed Kamel of the Syrian National Council , an entity that 's part of the opposition coalition , called the reporting part of a "  systematic " and "  rapid " campaign by pro-regime forces to smear the rebels . He called them "  sick attempts to make the Syrian people look like a bunch of radical Islamists . " "  Syria is bigger than all of these lies and we know , based on our contacts inside Syria , that no Pakistani Taliban are fighting alongside the Syrian rebels , " Kamel said . "  The Taliban want to kill Americans and Israelis , so why they should go to Syria when we are fighting for freedom , democracy and justice against a tyrant ? " Read more : Syria is a ' 10-year issue , ' top general says Lone wolves or part of a splinter group ? The Pakistani Taliban is composed of extremists from around the world . Abbasi , a close associate of Pakistani Taliban leader Hakeemullah Mehsud , told CNN that 120 fighters are already in Syria and another batch of 150 fighters will arrive this week . "  We shall be sending more volunteers , but can not give exact numbers at this moment . But we will provide whatever support is needed by our Syrian brothers , " Abbasi told CNN . The fighters , Abbasi said , were sent after the Pakistani Taliban received a request from a top-ranking militant . They will be under the command-and-control structure of al Qaeda in Syria , as it is leading the operation , he said . But another Taliban commander , who does not want to be named , told CNN he has not had any instructions to ask his fighters to join rebel fighters in Syria . Nevertheless , he said , fighters have been leaving Pakistan to go to Syria . It 's not clear whether foreign fighters who traveled to the tribal areas are now moving on from Pakistan as individuals or if a splinter group of the Taliban has decided to join the battle in Syria . The commander told CNN the issue of Syria has been discussed in the group 's central executive committee , and commanders have remarked that fighters may be going to Syria but they are doing so as individuals . The group 's committee members also discussed how Arab fighters who had come to Pakistan to join the Taliban 's jihad have been leaving for other countries since the Arab Spring began . The commander said the Pakistani Taliban remains focused on its battle against the Pakistani state , and a core group of local militants remains in Pakistan . Foreign fighters in Syria This Pakistani Taliban claim comes as the Syrian civil war has become a Sunni-Shiite proxy battle of sorts . CNN is unable to independently confirm that members of the Pakistani Taliban are inside Syria . CNN journalists previously inside Syria have seen foreign fighters participate in the country 's civil war , which sprang from unrest sparked in the spring of 2011 . Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite militant group , has backed the Alawite-dominated government . Alawites are offshoots of Shiites . Sunni Islamist militants , including those who support al Qaeda , are among those who have backed the Sunni-dominated rebel movement . The Pakistani Taliban , which has long been conducting an insurgency against the Pakistani government , has claimed responsibility for a 2009 suicide strike targeting a CIA facility in Afghanistan and for the Times Square bombing attempt in 2010 . The United States has targeted the Pakistani Taliban in that country 's tribal region , along the Afghan border . Abbasi told CNN the group asked its local chapters in the Mohmand , Bajaur , Khyber , Orakzai and Waziristan agencies to recruit fresh fighters who are willing to participate in their mission in Syria . The Pakistani Taliban says many young men are registering to go on their first foreign mission . "  We have lots of fighters here and our central command will be operating from here , so there is no reason to stop operations in Pakistan , " Abbasi said . "  They will go on as usual . " The Syrian National Coalition , in a letter to English-language media operations , said it is confident that the outlets "  strive to convey the news as it is delivered to you from different sources . " "  Reiterating its commitment to objectively deliver the truth to all media , the Syrian National Coalition media office stresses the need for media outlets to comply with professional rules and to seek more accuracy while reporting Syria 's local and international news , " the group said .	NEW : Are they individuals or part of a splinter group ? The Pakistani Taliban is quoted as saying it has fighters in Syria Foreign fighters have been a presence in Syria A Taliban member calls the news of Taliban fighters in Syria a rumor , the opposition says
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Francis will officially be inaugurated Tuesday as the leader of the world 's 1.2-billion member Catholic Church . Here 's what will happen at and around the Installation Mass : 8:45 -8:50 a.m.  3:45 -3:50 a.m. ET Pope Francis leaves the Santa Marta residence , where cardinals stayed for the conclave and where he is living until the papal apartments are ready . He travels to St Peter 's Square , where the Inauguration Mass will take place . About 9:30 a.m.  4:30 a.m. ET The pope arrives at St Peter 's Square Sacristy  the steps area  . He will enter St Peter 's Basilica . He will visit St. Peter 's tomb inside St. Peter 's Basilica . He will be accompanied by the patriarchs of Catholic Oriental Churches , for a total of 10 people . The pope will pray there . In the tomb , deacons of the Church will collect two symbols of the papacy -- the fisherman 's ring and the pallium . From the tomb , the pope and cardinals will go in procession through the Basilica and into the Square , accompanied by the processional chant "  Laudes Regiae . "  "  Christ is King " The deacons will carry the ring and pallium into St. Peter 's Square . Catholic tradition holds that St. Peter was martyred in the square , which was Nero 's Circus . Before the Mass starts , Cardinal Jean-Louis Tauran -- the protodeacon who announced the name of the new pope after white smoke last week -- ceremonially presents Pope Francis with the pallium . Cardinal Godfried Danneels -- the second-ranking cardinal among cardinal deacons , known as the protopriest -- d elivers a prayer . Cardinal Angelo Sodano , the dean of the College of Cardinals , gives the fisherman 's ring to Pope Francis . Six cardinals representing the College of Cardinals  2 cardinals per order  take the pledge of obedience . About 10:00 a.m.  5 a.m. ET Inauguration Mass begins . It will be the Mass for St. Joseph 's Day  officially called the Solemnity of St. Joseph  . The Gospel reading will be in Greek . Five hundred priests will hand out Communion in St. Peter 's Square and in Via Conciliazione  the road leading straight out from the Vatican towards the Castel Sant ` Angelo liveshot location . The pope will have 180 co-celebrants for the Mass including all the cardinals still in Rome  electors and non  , the patriarchs , and also two priests : the Jesuit Superior General and the Franciscan order Superior General . The pope will give his homily in Italian and , as is his style , it probably will not follow the written text strictly , but will contain improvisations . 11:30 a.m.  6:30 a.m. ET The Mass is expected to wrap up . "  Te Deum " is to be sung at the conclusion . After 11:30 a.m.  6:30 a.m. ET After the the Mass , the Pope will return to the Basilica and remove his vestment at the altar of the Pieta . He will proceed at Main altar where he 'll receive dignitaries and heads of state .	Pope Francis starts at the residence where he was for the conclave He travels to St. Peter 's Square The Mass will be held in the square , but he goes inside the Basilica for some ceremonies The outdoor Mass begins afterward and is the Mass of St. Joseph
