CNN  -- Before this week , Hasen Poreya 's hometown was pretty much off the map . But Poreya worked with a group of volunteers who call themselves the Afghan Map Makers to walk the streets of Herat , Afghanistan , over the course of several weeks , pen and pencil in hand , to fill in the details . The group uploaded the data they collected to a Google program called Map Maker , and now the maps are freely available online . An area of western Afghanistan that , according to the Web , contained only two major highways is now digitally dotted with side streets , parks and universities . "  Afghanistan has passed decades of war and misery , but now is the time to rise up and construct the country and develop the abilities for making infrastructure , bringing technologies , being up to date , " Poreya wrote in an e-mail . He added : "  Afghanistan totally does n't not have any base map on the Internet , except old satellite imagery with a very low quality . Since we started our works we could finish Herat City , which is one of major cities in Afghanistan , and now Herat has a complete base map over the Internet . " Google announced Thursday that the efforts of volunteers like Poreya have led to several previously uncharted countries and territories being mapped online . They are : Afghanistan , Antarctica , Ecuador , Georgia , Guatemala , Heard Island and McDonald Islands , Honduras , Iraq , Norfolk Island , Saint Pierre & Miquelon and Saudi Arabia . Google describes its "  Map Maker " project this way : "  These citizen cartographers help keep maps of their areas accurate and up to date . They add missing roads and new businesses -- and even map areas that have little to no data yet on Google Maps . " The company praised Poreya 's efforts in conjunction with other volunteers and a university : "  Striking for its charm , bustle and impressive historic architectural treasures , the silk road city of Herat , Afghanistan has until today , been nearly ` invisible ' online in digital maps . Luckily , Herat is home to Herat University , which is filled with talented , entrepreneurial students some of whom have worked together to literally put their town ` on the  digital  map , ' " Google wrote in a blog post . The company added : "  This story is far more significant than the mapping of a city . It is a story of young people in a community coming together , taking ownership of their future and serving their country in a truly entrepreneurial and meaningful way . " You can watch the changes emerge in this time-lapse videos on YouTube , including one of the mapping progression in Herat . And here 's some interesting background on maps in Kabul , Afghanistan , from the BBC : "  At one of Kabul 's Post Office distribution centres , I saw more than 30 private and official letters . None had an exact address - just a series of vague directions . One , which had been sent from America , simply states , ` Hamid Jaan , behind Darul-Aman palace . ' " It underscores the impact of maps . They help a country function . For Poreya , this project was about much more than cartography . He hopes to help map the rest of Afghanistan . "  It has always been my honor to help the country , which had nothing but war , " he said . "  This is my home ... and we are all hoping one day  to  have a peaceful country with great honors and glories over the world . "  The special thing for me is to make known the unknown  in  Afghanistan . "	Volunteers in remote countries are uploading data to Google Maps The efforts are helping Google map parts of the world with new details Maps were recently uploaded from Afghanistan , Antarctica and Iraq
CNN  -- Six former top Bosnian Croat leaders were handed long prison sentences Wednesday after they were convicted of crimes against humanity and war crimes , including the rape and murder of Bosnian Muslims . The offenses , which date to between 1992 and 1994 , formed part of a wider conflict that followed the break-up of the former Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . Christiane Amanpour : Bosnia 's lesson for Syrian slaughter The six were accused at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia of trying to "  ethnically cleanse " non-Croats from areas of the territory of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina . The Bosnian Croat leadership , along with Croat leaders , wanted to make this territory part of a "  Greater Croatia , " said the ICTY , which is based in the Hague . In order to achieve this , they carried out crimes against Bosnian Muslims and other non-Croats that included murder , rape , sexual assault , destruction of property , imprisonment and deportation , the ICTY statement said . Jadranko Prlic , Bruno Stojic , Milivoj Petkovic and Valentin Coric were convicted on 22 counts of the indictment for war crimes and crimes against humanity . In photos : Remembering the Bosnian war Prlic , the former president of the Croatian Defense Council and later head of the government of a wartime Croat entity , Herceg-Bosna , was sentenced to 25 years in prison -- the toughest penalty . The other three were given prison terms ranging from 16 to 20 years in length . Two of the accused , Slobodan Praljak and Berislav Pusic , were acquitted on some of the charges against them . Praljak , a former assistant defense minister of Croatia and at the same time a commander of the Croatian Defense Council , was convicted on 20 counts and sentenced to 20 years in prison . He played an important role in securing weapons and ammunition for the Croatian Defense Council army , the indictment said . Pusic , who was formerly in charge of detention facilities and prisoner exchanges for the Croatian Defense Council , was found guilty on 18 counts and given 10 years in prison . Defense lawyers for the six have 30 days to appeal their convictions and sentences . ` Extreme violence ' The chamber ruled by a majority that the accused wanted to create a Croat entity to unify the Croatian people in Bosnia and Herzegovina . Later , these areas were to be either joined with the Republic of Croatia or remain in close association with it , the ICTY said . The indictment focused on crimes committed in eight municipalities , including Mostar , the ICTY said . The chamber concluded that "  in the majority of cases , these crimes were not committed in a random manner by a few undisciplined soldiers . On the contrary , they were the result of a plan put together by the  accused  members to remove the Muslim population of Herceg-Bosna . " Others were also part of this joint criminal enterprise , it said , and together they secured personnel and coordinated operations on the ground to carry out the plan . In the case of the historic city of Mostar , "  extreme violence " was used to evict Bosnian Muslims from West Mostar , claimed by the Croats , to the other side of the city , the statement said . "  Muslims were woken up in the middle of the night , beaten and forced to leave their apartments , often still in their pyjamas . Many women , including a girl of 16 , were raped " by Croatian Defense Council soldiers , it said . From June 1993 to April 1994 , East Mostar was under siege and the Muslim population there was subject to "  intensive and constant " shelling which left many civilians dead or injured , it said . Other testimony focused on abuses against Muslim prisoners at Croatian Defense Council detention centers , including beatings , sexual assaults and using them as forced labor on the front lines . The trial , which started in April 2006 , is one the largest and most complex the tribunal has handled , it said . More than 200 witnesses were called , 145 of them by the prosecution , and the judgment runs to some 2,600 pages . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Six former Bosnian Croat leaders are sent to prison for war crimes and crimes against humanity The offenses date to between 1992 and 1994 , after the break-up of the former Yugoslavia The six , who have 30 days to appeal , were part of a campaign of ethnic cleansing , ICTY says They used rape , murder and deportation to drive non-Croats from an area they wanted , it says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The man police say was driving drunk when he ran a red light and struck a car , killing a Major League Baseball pitcher and two others has been charged with murder . Fans gather around a memorial for Los Angeles Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart on Friday . Andrew Thomas Gallo , 22 , was charged with three counts of murder , driving under the influence and leaving the scene of a crime , the Orange County district attorney 's office announced Friday . Los Angeles Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart was among those killed in the crash in Fullerton , California , early Thursday morning . Adenhart was beginning his first full season in the majors and had pitched his fourth Major League game hours earlier . Gallo , whose blood-alcohol level was three times the legal limit , according to police , faces up to life in prison if convicted on all charges . According to the DA 's office , Gallo was driving a minivan 65 mph in a 35 mph zone at about 12:35 a.m. Thursday . He was on probation and his license had been suspended after a previous drunk-driving charge . Watch Adenhart 's agent describe his friend " Authorities say he ran a red light and hit the car Adenhart was in , killing the pitcher , 20-year-old California State University student Courtney Stewart and law student Henry Pearson , 25 . A fourth victim , 24-year-old John Wilhite , a former baseball player at California State , remained in critical condition Friday . A driver in a third car suffered minor injuries . Adenhart died at UC Irvine Medical Center , where he underwent surgery , according to spokesman John Murray . The Angels ' game Thursday night with the Oakland A 's was postponed at the direction of MLB Commissioner Bud Selig . "  Major League Baseball is in mourning today upon the news of this tragedy that has taken Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart and two others , " Selig said in a statement that accompanied the announcement . "  Nick was just 22 years of age , with a wonderful life and career ahead of him . " After the wreck , Gallo fled the scene , according to the district attorney . He was captured about 30 minutes later . Adenhart pitched in a game against the Oakland A 's Wednesday night in Anaheim , California , making what was characterized as a "  brilliant effort " despite the Angels ' 6-4 loss , according to Major League Baseball 's Web site , MLB.com . In his fourth major league start , Adenhart pitched a scoreless six innings , allowing seven hits , three walks and five strikeouts . "  The Angels family has suffered a tremendous loss today , " Tony Reagins , the team 's general manager , said in a written statement . "  We are deeply saddened and shocked by this tragic loss . Our thoughts and prayers go out to Nick 's family , friends , loved ones and fans . "	Driver also faces charges of DUI and leaving the scene Adenhart , 22 , pitched six scoreless innings in Wednesday 's game Three people killed in crash early Thursday in Fullerton , California
CNN  -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Samuel Eto'o were both kept under wraps by their former team-mates as Inter Milan held Champions League holders Barcelona to a dour Group F goalless draw at the San Siro . Thierry Henry  left  finds no way past Javier Zanetti as Inter Milan and Barcelona cancel each other out . The quick return of the two strikers to their old clubs dominated talk in the build-up to the match but neither player , or anyone else for that matter , was able to find the breakthrough as defences came out on top . The visitors had the better of the chances , with Lionel Messi skipping inside two defenders forcing goalkeeper Julio Cesar into a fine save in the opening minute . Seven minutes later Ibrahimovic had a decent chance to net against his former employers when he got in behind the Inter defence , but his subsequent shot was poor . Messi had another effort soon after , his header being comfortably saved by Cesar , before Inter had their first sight of goal when Maicon fired over from 20 yards out . Barca were back in the ascendancy towards the end of the half , and Seydou Keita missed the best chance of the period four minutes before the break . Xavi 's chip found Dani Alves inside the area , and he drew out Cesar before laying the ball back to Keita with most of the goal to aim for . However , the Mali international fired wide of the far post to let Inter off the hook . Barca survived a sare in the 65th minute when Dejan Stankovic fired just over from outside the box , before Messi , put the ball over the bar from six yards out for Barca after latching onto Thierry Henry 's driven cross-shot . Barca then had a loud penalty appeal turned down , believing Stankovic had handled in the area , but those claims fell on deaf ears and the Catalan giants were forced to settle for a draw . Meanwhile , in the other group match , Dynamo Kiev scored three goals in the final 20 minutes as they came from behind to beat Russian debutants Rubin Kazan 3-1 . The visitors took a shock 25th-minute lead when Alejandro Dominguez lashed a free-kick into the top left-hand corner of the net . Kiev had to wait until the 70th minute to equalize when Ayiila Yussuf rose to head home Junior Gerson Magrao 's corner . Nine minutes later , Kiev went ahead when Andrei Shevchenko 's pass found Magrao to fire home -- and Kiev made the three points safe with five minutes remaining when Oleg Gusev lashed home a right-footed shot . In Group E , both Liverpool and Lyon won their opening home matches 1-0 against Hungarian side Debrecen and Fiorentina of Italy respectively . At Anfield , Dirk Kuyt 's 12th goal in 35 Champions League games gave the Premier League side a hard-fought victory . The Dutchman is now Liverpool 's third-highest scorer in the competition 's history after he forced the ball home after goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic had palmed out a Fernando Torres drive . In Lyon , the home side made a winning start to their campaign with a narrrow win over a 10-man Fiorentina side who had striker Alberto Gilardino sent off at the end of the first-half for elbowing Jeremy Toulalan . Miralem Pjanic scored the winner from close range in the 76th minute after Fiorentina goalkeeper Sebastien Frey had kept out Kim Kallstrom 's cross .	Inter Milan and holders Barcelona draw 0-0 at San Siro in opening Group F tie Dynamo Kiev fight back from goal a goal behind to defeat Rubin Kazan 3-1 Liverpool and Lyon open their Group E accounts with 1-0 wins respectively
CNN  -- Barcelona will be without influential midfielder Andres Iniesta for most of the decisive run-in to the end of this season as the Catalan side seek to retain their Spanish and European titles . Iniesta had only just returned to Josep Guardiola 's team last week as a substitute for the second leg of the Champions League quarterfinal against Arsenal , and then also came on in the 2-0 win at Real Madrid , but has suffered another injury blow in training after tearing a calf muscle . The 25-year-old Spain international could be out for up to a month , Barcelona 's Web site reported on Tuesday , meaning he may not be fit to return until the club 's final domestic league match against Real Valladolid on May 16 . "  Andres Iniesta suffered the injury during training and doctors have diagnosed a total rupture of the right femoral biceps muscle , " the club 's Web site said . Iniesta is set to miss the Champions League semifinals against Italian champions Inter Milan on April 20 and 28 , but may return for the final on May 22 in Madrid if Barca progress that far . Barcelona lead Real by three points with seven matches to play ahead of Wednesday 's home clash with Deportivo La Coruna , while their title rivals travel to Almeria on Thursday . Barca will again be without injured striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , but the Sweden international is expected to return to training before Saturday 's local derby at Espanyol , the club 's Web site reported . Meanwhile , Sevilla 's hopes of qualifying for next season 's Champions League suffered another blow with a 2-1 defeat at relegation-threatened Valladolid on Tuesday night . Sevilla stayed in fourth place on goal difference from Mallorca , who travel to struggling Zaragoza on Wednesday . Valladolid remained second from bottom despite giving former Spain coach Javier Clemente victory in his first home match . Clemente has earned four points from two games since taking over as Diego Costa headed the opening goal four minutes before halftime and fellow striker Manucho scored the second eight minutes after the break . Juan Cala pulled one back from long range with seven minutes left , but Sevilla fell to a ninth defeat from 16 away games this season . Getafe claimed seventh place from fellow Europa League Villarreal with a 3-0 victory in Tuesday 's late match . On-loan striker Miku netted twice , scoring either side of a free-kick from Mane as all three goals came in the second half . Goalkeeper Diego Lopez gifted Miku the 56th-minute opener , and he pushed Mane 's 25-yard strike onto the post and slowly over the line with 18 minutes left . Tenerife stayed in the third relegation place , one point above Valladolid , despite registering a first away win this season , 2-0 at mid-table Sporting Gijon . Roman Martinez and Alejandro Alfaro scored in the final 20 minutes to put the islanders just two points behind Malaga , who travel to Osasuna on Wednesday .	Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta ruled out for up to a month with a calf injury Spain star may not be fit to return until final match of domestic season on May 16 He will miss both legs of Champions League semifinal against Inter Milan this month Fourth-placed Sevilla suffer shock 2-1 defeat at relegation-threatened Valladolid
CNN  -- Over the course of two June nights , attackers plundered villages in the far east of the Democratic Republic of Congo . They stole medicine from the local health center , goats from farmers , cell phones , motorcycles and other property from residents . Before fleeing , they raped and beat more than 170 women . The women were as young as 17 , as old as 90 , according to a United Nations official , who was not named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . The attacks took place in the villages of Nakyele and Abala . The humanitarian group Medicins San Frontieres reported Thursday that its medical teams in the Fizi area of Sud Kivu province had treated about 100 women for rape , abuse and trauma . It was the latest in many such incidents that have earned Congo the ignominious title of "  rape capital " of the world . Martin Nesirky , a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , said the global body has received "  several worrying reports about incidents of an unknown number of alleged rapes and looting . " The United Nations mission in Congo dispatched peacekeepers to Fizi to investigate the incident . Fizi is eight hours by foot from the nearest U.N. base and , like other towns and villages in Congo , is difficult to access because of harsh terrain and a lack of infrastructure . "  People are in total despair , " Jean Marie Ngoma , a member of the provincial parliament , said on U.N.-backed Radio Okapi . Amnesty International said the latest rapes were a result of the government 's "  horrific failure of justice . " It said members of the same armed group were previously implicated in rapes in the same area in January . Amnesty cited local sources saying that a senior officer of the Congolese army , Col. Kifaru Niragiye , had recently learned that he was to be demoted and left a military training center June 9 with 150 soldiers . Amnesty said the group went on to raid the two villages near Fizi . Kifaru 's deputy and eight other men were convicted by a military court for crimes against humanity for the rape of at least 60 women in the January attack in Fizi , Amnesty said . "  The inability of the Democratic Republic of Congo to bring to justice members of its own army and armed groups for crimes under international law has fostered a culture of impunity , leading to attack after attack against civilians , " said Erwin van der Borght , Amnesty International 's director for Africa . A five-year war in which more than 5 million people died ended in 2003 , but violence is still widespread in eastern Congo . Sexual violence is especially prevalent , prompting Margot Wallstrom , the U.N. special representative on sexual violence in conflict , to call Congo the rape capital of the world . An extensive study conducted between 2006 and 2007 found that more than 400,000 girls and women were raped during a 12-month period . The United Nations documented 7,500 cases of sexual violence against women and girls in North and South Kivu over the first nine months of 2009 . The fear was that many rapes had gone unreported . "  Most of the women and girls were gang-raped , some so violently that they later died , " according to a report by Human Rights Watch , which said both the army and the rebels held women and girls as sex slaves , raped them repeatedly , and then mutilated and killed some of them . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Azadeh Ansari and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	About 100 women near the town of Fizi treated for rape , abuse and trauma The United Nations is investigating the incidents War ended in 2003 , but violence is still widespread in eastern Congo Sexual abuse there earned Congo the title of rape capital
CNN  -- Three people died Tuesday when a sweeping dust storm impaired visibility on a major interstate in Arizona and caused a chain-reaction of car accidents , according to the state 's Department of Public Safety . Between 30 and 40 vehicles were involved in the Interstate 10 accidents , which also seriously injured five people , Officer Robert Bailey told CNN 's sister network HLN . A total of 14 people were hurt , DPS spokesman Harold Sanders told CNN . The collisions started fires , and many of the injured suffered burns , Bailey said . Officials were asking motorists to avoid the affected stretch of I-10 , near Casa Grande , Arizona , and south of Phoenix . The scene was a horrific sight even after fires were extinguished , Bailey said . Tow trucks were on the way to clear the road late Tuesday morning . "  There 's still a lot of carnage and mess out here , " Bailey said . iReport : Photos illustrate crash site carnage Officers in patrol cars are managing rolling traffic breaks to slow traffic , Sanders said . Motorists should n't drive faster than 30 mph in the area or in the vicinity of any dust storm , he said . If a driver sees a dust storm ahead , the first step should be to get off the road , he said . I-10 from Phoenix to Tucson gets hit by 10 to 20 dust storms per year , mostly during the summer monsoon season , said Ken Waters , warning coordination meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Phoenix . But he would n't describe the Tuesday event as a storm , rather "  a case of very localized dust being picked up and thrown across the highway . " Nearby farming could have contributed to Tuesday 's conditions , Bailey said . "  What we see here is some farmland here that is very dry and was recently cultivated , and that may have contributed to this , " he said . Waters gave credence to that theory , saying that winds were clocked at 15 to 20 mph , not as strong as in typical dust storms , in which winds reach 30 to 40 mph . But the area also had seen little rain in the past few weeks , he said , exacerbating the dust problem . CNN 's Khadijah Rentas and Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Many of the injured suffered burns in fires caused by collisions , officer says Three killed ; 14 other people hurt , five seriously Dust storm caused at least 30 wrecks on I-10 south of Phoenix , authorities say Officials ask motorists to avoid stretch of highway
CNN  -- The moment I saw that guinea pig 's corpse , I made up my mind . I would not tell my son Checkers was dead ... at least not that night . Drew had five tests within the next two days . I was n't going to let grief jeopardize his grades . Checkers , on the left , enjoys a bit of kale with Andrea . I realize instantly the challenges of my decision . How could I keep this secret in a 10-by-12 room in which the guinea pig chalet was almost as big as the twin bed ? I 'd already goofed by yelping , "  Oh , my ! " when I saw the body . Drew heard me from his bathroom . "  What 's wrong , Mommy ? Are you OK ? " "  I 'm fine , " I reply . But he recognizes that I have n't answered both questions . "  But what 's wrong ? " "  Nothing . " "  Well , why did you say that ? Is it the guinea pigs ? " I feel panicked . No sloshing ! He 's drying off ! Pajamas are next ! I realize I 'm holding my breath , and in my head , I 'm yelling , "  Move , Christy ! Move ! " I exhale as I lie . "  Everything 's OK . " In what seemed like one move , I reach in the closet , dump shoes out of a box , grab Checkers , plunk the stiff in the box , run downstairs , stuff the cardboard casket into a plastic bag , dash to the garage trash can , finish rapid hand-washing and make it upstairs as my third-grader steps into the hall . "  We 're having storytime in my bed tonight ! " I say breathlessly . My bed is off-limits except for nightmares , illness or Saturday morning . Drew 's so excited about the treat , he runs for the king-sized sanctum without asking questions . We read and pray , and then I give him a piggyback ride into his dark bedroom . It 's Wednesday , 7:45 p.m. , and for now , I 'm in the clear . By the time Drew wakes the next morning , I have a plan : darkness and distraction . We 're always 30 minutes into our commute before the sun rises . Between a disabled circuit breaker to prevent lights in his room from working , piggyback rides up and down the stairs , dressing in mom 's room  where the lights work  while we review potential bonus words , multiplication drills , Scripture recitation for the Bible test , questions science and reading lessons , there are enough morning distractions to safeguard my secret . Thursday evening is a challenge . In our house , TV is for weekends only . It 's cold and drizzly outside ; Andrew has beaten me in chess -- twice . I pull out the biggest distraction of all . "  I 'm going to let you see a video tonight . You need to relax a bit from those tests today , " I say . His eyebrows make a big V on his forehead . "  But it 's a school night , Mommy . " I assure him it 's OK . He 's suspicious , but TV is as awesome as getting in Mom 's bed , so no more questions . My co-workers split into camps . The Grief Gurus ream me for concealing the death . Andrew loves Checkers . He deserves timely notice of death . I care more about grades than his emotional health . Bad things will happen to Drew at inopportune times in his life , and he has to learn to juggle difficulties . I 'm delaying his development . Whatever . The Practical Posse has opinions , too . That guinea pig still will be dead Friday . Andrew will be just as sad after his tests with fewer consequences than if he 's sad before the tests . Make sure you 're honest about why you delayed telling him . After school Friday , I break the news . There 's a shriek and then loads of tears . I 'll never forget the long drawn-out wail , "  I loved her like a daughter ! " I 'm convinced that boy 's been reading William Faulkner , because there is way too much drama that follows . We must wear black for three days . The only song we can listen to on the "  High School Musical 2 " CD is the duet after Gabriella and Troy break up . It 's the saddest one . He cancels Happy Meal Friday , because there is nothing happy about this day . I answer the questions . She was on her side at the end of the ramp . Her mouth was open with her two big teeth protruding . No , it did n't look like she suffered . Maybe a lung problem killed her . I think Andrea  the cage mate  will be fine . No , it was n't your care that killed her . And then finally , "  She died Wednesday . " Tears stop . Voice strengthens . "  Wednesday ?! " "  Honey , you had a science test . You needed to know your binominal nomenclature . You had a math unit test , a reading test . You had to do your scripture recitation and a Bible test . You see how upset you are now ? I could n't let you go to school and take tests feeling like this . " There 's a long pause . And then he says the words that make giving piggyback rides on a spine with bad discs and disabling circuit breakers worth it . He stares deeply and says , "  Thank you , Mommy . " Maybe the Grief Gurus are right . Maybe Drew deserved to know sooner . But he seems fine . I 'm certain he 'll develop into a man who can handle more than one problem at a time . And Checkers , rest in peace .	Mom discovers young boy 's guinea pig has died suddenly She decides to keep it a secret because he faces several school tests Co-workers divided on whether mom 's actions are correct
CNN  -- A British stuntman who parachuted dressed as James Bond during the 2012 London Olympics opening ceremony has died , UK media reported . Mark Sutton , whose performance was one of the highlights of the opening ceremony , was in Switzerland at the time of his death . Police in Switzerland 's Valais Canton did not name him , saying formal identification is under way after the incident Wednesday morning in the Trient area . The 42-year-old died after hitting a cliff while jumping in a "  wingsuit " from a helicopter , a police statement said . He and another man jumped from a height of about 3,300 meters in the Grandes-Otannes area in the Alps , near the border with France , the statement said . "  They then flew remaining close to the mountain , with the intention of landing near Le Peuty , near Trient , in Switzerland , " it said . "  During this flight , one of the men suffered a fatal fall . According to a preliminary investigation , it appears that he fell after hitting a cliff . " The Briton was in Chamonix with 20 other professionals "  considered among the best in the world in this discipline , " police said . They had been gathered there by a company that specializes in extreme sports , with daredevil feats filmed and broadcast via the Internet . The UK Foreign Office confirmed the death of a British citizen in Switzerland , and a spokesman said the office stood "  ready to provide consular assistance . " Sutton jumped from a helicopter above the Olympic stadium alongside a fellow stuntman dressed as Queen Elizabeth II in an opening ceremony show seen by millions . Gary Connery , who played the queen , made an apparent reference to news of Sutton 's death on Twitter . "  All you jumpers/flyers out there , stay safe , make wise choices and know your limits and your locations . Live to tell your stories . One love , " he posted late Wednesday . Wingsuit jumping is an extreme sport carried out by experienced skydivers who use a special suit -- which looks like a superhero 's cape -- to increase the surface area of the body . The large suit allows them to extend their time in free fall before deploying a parachute to land . John Hitchen , national coach and safety officer for the British Parachute Association , said the organization was saddened to hear about the death of Sutton , who was a member . He said jumpers need to be experienced to use wingsuits , which allow the user to slow their descent , to glide to a degree and move horizontally to the ground . Although the details are unconfirmed as yet , Sutton may have been "  terrain flying , " which involves flying very close to mountains or cliffs , Hitchen said . "  You get a buzz from it but it 's potentially quite hazardous , " he said . People we 've lost in 2013	NEW : British Parachute Association is saddened by news of the death of a member Swiss police say a 42-year-old British man died after jumping in a wingsuit UK media name him as Mark Sutton , who jumped at the London Olympics opening ceremony Police say the man hit a cliff after jumping from a helicopter in the Alps
Washington  CNN  -- The arrests of 11 people accused of being part of an espionage ring under deep cover for Russia shocked their neighbors in the suburbs . Presumably it was also news to President Obama , coming as it did right after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's departure . What should not be a surprise to any of us , however , is that Russia continues to spy on the United States . Espionage is a fact of international life and always has been . The first spy manual , The Art of War , was written by Sun Tzu some 2,500 years ago . Espionage fills a vital niche ; a successful operation can provide insight into intentions , plans , and human dynamics that can not be gleaned from intercepted communications or pictures from space . It is safe to assume that since the end of World War II there has never been a day that the Soviet Union or Russia was not spying on the United States , or vice versa . Espionage will continue , even as the United States and Russia work out a new modus vivendi . Presidents Obama and Medvedev may have recently "  reset " the U.S.-Russian relationship , but that does not mean U.S. and Russian interests or perspectives are necessarily aligned . There remain significant issues of disagreement over European security . The two countries have until recently been at loggerheads over Iran . After September 11 , Russia reluctantly allowed the United States military to operate out of bases in Central Asia , which it views as its own backyard . The two countries belong to the G-8 and the G-20 -- venues not only for cooperation , but also for sparring . Russia also has great incentive to continue its historical efforts to ferret out America 's economic secrets and steal its weapons technology . Frankly , in a world in which even allies spy on one another , the Russian intelligence service would be shockingly incompetent if it were not spying on us . Espionage operations tend to operate on long timelines , and the alleged Russian implanting of "  illegals " in this country fits the pattern . Juan Jose Lazaro and Vicky Pelaez came to our shores more than 20 years ago ; Richard and Cynthia Murphy reportedly came in the mid-1990s ; Donald Heathfield and Tracey Lee Ann Foley in 1999 ; Michael Zottoli in 2001 . U.S.-Russian relations were very different when Moscow Center dispatched these officers . The Bosnian and Kosovo wars , NATO enlargement into Eastern Europe and Russian weapons sales to Iran were roiling the waters in the 1990s . Moscow seems to have calculated that with these agents in place , there was little reason to pull them out , even if relations with Washington were on the upswing . What is surprising about this case is how many illegals were apparently operating together and how little they accomplished or were likely to accomplish . During the Cold War , the heyday of this technique , the KGB typically dispatched such agents singly or as couples . They were usually compartmented from one another , not in networks of 10 or more , since all of them would be vulnerable if there was a single security slip-up . The Soviets also used illegals mainly for assignments too difficult for KGB officers working under "  official cover " as diplomats or attachés . It 's not clear what , if anything , these new accused illegals were able to do to steal sensitive information or even help other agents . Maybe the FBI will reveal more on that , but at the moment , this operation looks like a waste of effort on Moscow 's part , indeed an embarrassment to its intelligence service . Will this spy flap seriously damage U.S.-Russian relations ? The early signs are that it will not . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , himself a former KGB officer , has said that he hopes the incident will not damage the improving relations between the two countries . The State Department said it intends to focus on other things . The United States , of course , can not be expected to like the fact that Russia spies on us , and is briefly entitled to a modest amount of indignation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Earnest .	Peter Earnest says arrests this week of suspected agents in Russian spy ring no surprise Espionage fills vital niche , he says , providing information about plans , human dynamics Accused spies appear to have gathered little information , he says Earnest : Early signs are incident wo n't damage improving relations between two countries
CNN  -- When Superstorm Sandy hit the eastern United States and the country 's largest city , millions of residents across our five boroughs felt its impact and devastation . Many of us felt vulnerable , unsure what the next days would bring . Communities are still reeling from the aftermath and the most difficult period may still be ahead . But as our city begins to rebuild and recover , New Yorkers and others in the region who already struggle on a regular basis will have the hardest time getting back on their feet . Thankfully , we 've seen a huge outpouring of support and number of people willing to donate their time and resources to help . And for those willing to pitch in , please join us . Our government is certainly doing its best to help those in need in the aftermath of the storm , but the nonprofit sector plays such a critical role in the delivery of health and human services across New York City and throughout the country . Numerous low-income families depend on vital community-based nonprofits to access the services they need for daily living . That is one reason why United Way created the United Way Hurricane Sandy Recovery Fund  #sandyfund  . Local United Ways along the Eastern Seaboard will use contributions to the fund to address the near - and long-term recovery needs of communities most affected by the hurricane . In addition , the fund will bolster United Way community impact partners that serve hurricane-affected individuals and families who are already vulnerable -- struggling with food insecurity and the ability meet their most basic needs . Disasters like this unprecedented storm undoubtedly impact all of our communities . Our most under-resourced communities , however , have been trying to make ends meet even before Sandy barreled in . For the third straight year , New York City 's poverty rate has been on the rise according to census bureau data , with one in five New Yorkers lacking enough income and earnings to pay for basic necessities . In fact , United Way of New York City 's most recent hunger survey found that two-thirds of New Yorkers were concerned that someone they know will need help getting and paying for food in the next 12 months . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast These financial pressures are exacerbated when an unexpected hardship like a natural disaster strikes . Some families ' primary earners continue to lose hourly wages because they ca n't get to work . In other cases , those jobs no longer exist as flooded offices and businesses have been forced to close . The loss of even a week 's income can be devastating , never mind being suddenly thrust into unemployment . Plus , tens of thousands of New Yorkers will be displaced for weeks to come . Some may be unable to return to their homes at all . It is not the first time United Way has stepped in to help those most in need . For example , following the 9/11 attacks , United Way of New York City created the September 11th Fund in partnership with The New York Community Trust , raising and distributing more than $ 500 million . Following the devastating earthquake in Haiti in 2010 , United Way of NYC partnered with the Brooklyn Community Foundation to found and fund the NYC Haitian Hope & Healing Fund to address the short - and long-term needs of affected individuals residing in New York . And following last year 's Hurricane Irene , United Way of New York State set up the Hurricane Irene Recovery Fund to help those in need . Our needs today remain just as great . Early estimates put Sandy 's damage at $ 30 billion to $ 50 billion in losses . Let 's not forget about our already struggling low-income families who will feel these losses deeply .	United Way 's Hurricane Sandy Recovery Fund helps low-income families The fund will the address near and long-term recovery needs Financial pressures for low-income families are exacerbated by disasters For more info on this fund and other ways to help , visit Impact Your World
CNN Student News  -- March 27 , 2014 Science , politics , geography , and math all factor in to Thursday 's edition of CNN Student News ! If you 've never heard of the latitudinal Roaring Forties , you ca n't fathom why fish would travel by truck , and you do n't know what the record is for Girl Scout cookie sales , you wo n't want to miss this show . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What audio and video elements might a journalist want to include when reporting on a meeting of two world leaders ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Roman Catholic Church 2 . National Labor Relations Board 3 . U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . With whom is President Obama scheduled to meet at the Vatican today ? According to the report : What are some issues on which these two leaders disagree ? On which issues do they have similar viewpoints ? How might their personalities factor in to how they collaborate on issues on which they agree ? Why do some experts predict a positive , friendly meeting between the two ? 2 . What is the latest lead in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? When was this debris found ? What happened when planes searched the area yesterday ? What may be responsible for this ? How is geography presenting a challenge to the search ? What is an AUV ? How does it create a map of the ocean floor ? 3 . What has Chicago 's regional National Labor Relations Board ruled regarding a case brought by football players at Northwestern University ? What was the rationale for this decision ? How has the university responded ? If the decision is upheld , how might it impact college sports in the future ? 4 . Why are Chinook salmon at the Coleman National Fish Hatchery being loaded onto trucks ? Where are the trucks taking them ? What weather condition in California is jeopardizing salmon spawning season ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you think that President Obama and Pope Francis will discuss in their meeting ? If they disagree on any of these topics , what conclusions , if any , might they reach ? What do you think is the purpose of a meeting between world leaders who might disagree on some major issues ? How might they collaborate on other issues ? 2 . Do you agree or disagree with the decision by the regional National Labor Relations Board allowing Northwestern University 's football players to unionize ? State your rationale . 3 . The salmon transportation seen in the video is one consequence of the drought being faced in some parts of the U.S. . What other effects do you think drought could have on a region 's environment and economy ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Bayern Munich secured qualification for next season 's Champions League on Saturday with a thumping 8-1 away win at St Pauli . The emphatic result ensures Bayern will finish in at least third place while consigning their hosts to relegation out of the Bundesliga . Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen could only draw 1-1 at Hamburg meaning Bayern could still claim second when the season finishes next weekend . Striker Mario Gomez opened the scoring for Bayern in the 10th minute , before defender Daniel Van Buyten made it two shortly after the half-hour mark . Bayern scored an incredible six goals in the second half -- Arjen Robben helping himself to a brace as did French midfielder Franck Ribery , while Gomez went on to complete his hat-trick four minutes from the end . Defender Marcel Eger scored a consolation goal for the hosts in the 78th minute but it was far too late for St Pauli to avoid their 20th league defeat of the season . But fellow strugglers Borussia Moenchengladbach are still in with a chance of completing a miraculous escape from relegation after they beat Freiburg 2-0 to record their third straight victory . The result lifts them to 16th , level on 35 points with Wolfsburg , who lost 2-1 to Kaiserslautern . Seventeenth-placed Eintracht Frankfurt must beat Borussia Dortmund in their final game next weekend to avoid the drop after they lost 2-0 at home to Cologne . In other matches , Hannover lost 2-1 to Stuttgart meaning they can finish no higher than fourth , while the win sees Stuttgart move up to 11th place in the table with 42 points . Newly-crowned league champions Dortmund lost 2-0 at Werder Bremen , while fifth-placed Mainz ensured they will play in next season 's Europa League after a 3-1 win at Schalke , who completed a miserable week after their Champions League exit to Manchester United on Wednesday .	Bayern thrash St Pauli 8-1 to seal at least third place in Bundesliga Result means St Pauli are relegated ; Mainz secure Europa League spot Borussia Moenchengladbach still in with a chance of survival after third straight win
CNN  -- The body of a crime reporter who had been abducted Thursday in northwest Sonora State was found Friday inside a plastic bag south of Sonora , Notimex reported . Marco Antonio Avila Garcia 's body , which bore signs of torture and carried a message related to drug trafficking , was discovered south of the municipality of Guyamas , the state-run news agency said , citing Jose Larrinaga , a spokesman for the district attorney . Avila Garcia , 39 , covered the public security beat for the daily El Regional de Sonora and Diario de Sonora in the municipality of Cajeme . Three armed , hooded men had kidnapped him from a carwash , Larrinaga said . The National Human Rights Commission condemned the killing . Commission President Raul Plascencia Villanueva called for an official investigation and that those responsible be punished "  and sent a clear message that there will be no tolerance for those who commit crimes against journalists . " The Committee to Protect Journalists said it had tallied more than 45 journalists who have been killed or disappeared in Mexico since 2006 . "  We call on the Mexican authorities to do everything in their power to locate Marcos Avila Garcia and bring him back to safety , " said Joel Simon , CPJ 's executive director . Early this month , the dismembered bodies of two newspaper photographers , the girlfriend of one of them and a retired newspaper photographer were found inside plastic bags in Mexico 's eastern state of Veracruz . In its report on a survey of political rights and civil liberties , "  Freedom of the Press 2012 , " Freedom House described Mexico as "  not free . "	Marco Antonio Avila Garcia , 39 , had been abducted Thursday from a car wash His body was found Friday in a plastic bag It bore signs of torture and a message related to drug trafficking
CNN  -- The mother had less than a minute to decide : Let her daughter go on alone and break up the family , or keep everyone together , unsure when they would ever make it out . "  No , Mommy ! " her younger daughter shrieked as the older one looked at her solemnly , eyes pleading to let her go . "  You have to decide now ! " said the uniformed attendant holding the door open , voice loud and stern . This may sound like the dramatic climax of a harrowing tale of escape , and in a sense it is . It 's just one of many typical standby travel scenarios , in which passengers are faced with tough decisions in their efforts to snag unclaimed airline seats at deep discounts . There are two forms of standby travel : One covers most of us , who have paid to reserve a seat and for whatever reason find ourselves trying to get on a different flight . This includes people who get bumped from a flight and those trying to switch to a flight earlier or later in the day . Then , there are "  nonrevs , " the term for passengers from whom the airline does n't earn any revenue , which included the family in this particular scenario witnessed recently at the Zurich airport . This elite fellowship consists largely of airline employees , their families and acquaintances -- the mythical buddy passengers . Technically , they do n't buy seat reservations . Instead , they list their names on a standby registry prioritized by relationship to the airline , giving them the chance to vie for remaining open seats after all of the paying passengers have boarded a flight . Still , the wait could be days , as another family learned last week . Curtis Saxton , his wife , and his two children , ages 13 and 4 , spent five days at the Salt Lake City airport waiting for a seats on a flight home to Virginia . The family was flying on buddy passes and could n't afford to buy seats , Saxton told CNN affiliate KTVX . Finally , after five days without a shower , they lucked out when a KTVX viewer purchased tickets for a flight home . Standby travel gets harder With its reliance on ever-decreasing empty airline seats , standby travel appears to be going the way of free food in coach . But savvy travelers with time to spare and the right mindset are still finding ways to game the system into free and discounted flights . It 's hard to quantify exactly how much standby travel has decreased in recent years , because airlines contacted by CNN would not share specific figures on nonrev travel . But interviews with several longtime standby pros suggested that it has become increasingly harder , simply because it 's hard to find an empty seat . Travelers might arrive at the airport for the first flight out and wait until the last one . If returning standby , they might end up spending several extra days overseas or flying around Europe to catch connecting flights that will get them closer to home . However , a bold contingent of nonrevs remains undaunted . You can spot them at the airport watching flight information monitors like hawks , waiting for their initials to appear on the cleared list . But civility is also a requirement of standby travel as part of the airlines ' terms and conditions for taking advantage of this benefit . Passengers keep a safe distance from the desk to avoid becoming a nuisance to airline staff , who are their only allies . After all , nonrevs know it 's out of their hands . There 's nothing anyone can do but wait and let the airline fates shine upon them if there 's room and their standby priority ranking is high enough . It 's not for the faint of heart , requiring a vast reserve of patience and a "  que sera , sera " attitude . There is no guarantee of success -- often up until the very last second -- which was the scenario this family found itself in one Saturday morning in July . There was only one seat left , and there were three of them . Raising the stakes was the fact that Sunday was a blackout day , meaning whoever was left behind would have to tough it out in Zurich for two days . ` You ca n't be in a hurry ' "  I can do it , " the older daughter said as the other started whimpering . "  OK , yes , " the mother said . Tears welled up her eyes as her daughter skipped toward the jetway without a second glance back . The mother choked back sobs as the door closed , and clutched her younger daughter as she wailed , "  Let me go . " "  One of the toughest things to deal with is the lack of control that you have over the whole process , " said Albert Boquet , associate professor and chair of the Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University 's Human Factors and Systems Department in Daytona Beach , Florida . "  You ca n't be in hurry and you have to be fairly philosophical about it , " Boquet said . "  If you go in with the mindset and understanding that when things go wrong or you do n't get on a specific flight or two or three , you have to be able to say this is part of the game . " There was a time when this manner of standby travel was open to anyone . If you were n't in a hurry , you could show up at the airport or call the airline ahead of time and get on the standby list , agreeing to wait until a flight had empty seats . Boquet did it as a college student in 1981 , waiting at the New Orleans airport most of the day until he got a seat on a flight to London for less than half the price of a reserved seat . Even then , getting back posed a bigger problem , and Boquet waited several days before he got a flight back to New Orleans . Fewer empty seats to fill That was before airline deregulation , which made seats cheaper and more accessible . "  Now airlines are good at filling seats , " Boquet said . "  With Internet  travel  sites and last-minute deals and travel agents , it 's very rare today to have a flight taking off , especially at a busy destination , with 15 to 20 seats empty . " The risk is great , but so are the rewards : tickets averaging less than half the cost of a reserved seat , or nothing at all for some active employees , depending on the airline . Plus if the open seat is in first class , then you could be flying first class to London for the cost of taxes . "  If one assumes the mindset that travel in general , and standby travel in particular , is akin to a game that one plays , or is a challenge that one overcomes ... then the rewards of the novelty , excitement , and fun of travel are , ironically , all the more rewarding , " said travel expert Michael Brein , who flew standby for free in 1984 after winning United Airlines ' 50 States in 50 Days contest . "  You know that there are challenges , but there are also the rewards . I think many of us implicitly expect travel difficulties inherent in going standby , so it is , in a way , a sort of ` attitude inoculation . ' Somehow , knowing and expecting travel hurdles in conjunction with standby traveling -- and realizing that it is part and parcel -- is somewhat ` arming ' and preparing . " Standby travel with conditions Some airlines offer a form of standby to customers who have already purchased a seat reservation . It 's called same-day standby travel , but it sounds more like changing your flight on the same day without paying a fee . It 's often restricted to members of loyalty programs and even then , sometimes only to high-priority travelers . Alaska Airlines ' "  Free Same Day Standby " program for an alternate flight is available on departure day to certain customers and those traveling between specific cities . Otherwise , anyone else can request same day standby for a fee while checking in online or at the airport . Or you can just call and pay to change your flight , which is what many people end up doing to curtail the uncertainty . Some airlines still offer standby revenue travel in limited circumstances . AirTran offers traditional standby tickets through its "  AirTran U " program , in which passengers 18 to 22 years old can call or go the airport and agree to wait until a seat opens up on a flight . One airline with less restrictions is JetBlue , which allows all passengers the option of listing standby within 24 hours of a reserved flight for travel between the same cities . Passengers may travel one flight earlier than the scheduled departure on the same day , except when traveling out of a city with one daily flight . Then , you can try to get on the flight the day before . Of course , "  Standby travel is based on seat availability and is not guaranteed , " JetBlue says on its website . A cheaper flight , by necessity "  People who do standby travel normally do so out of necessity rather than choice . For most of us , traveling standby is anxiety-inducing , stressful , " said Brein . "  It takes increasingly ` rare ' people who are equipped to be able to cope with the potentially ever-increasing chaotic mess of their travel-lives that results from standby travel . " Having a backup plan helps , he said , like knowing whether you plan to sleep in the airport or to get a room . Sometimes , travelers find another city to fly out of , leading to all kinds of adventures and misadventures . But those are tales for another day .	As empty airline seats become rarer , standby travel is getting harder to swing Family of four flying on buddy passes was stuck at Salt Lake City airport for five days "  You ca n't be in hurry and you have to be fairly philosophical about it , " industry expert says Nonrevenue travelers with time to spare find ways to game system into free or cheap flights
CNN  -- Brad Drewett is the new head of men 's tennis after being appointed as the ATP Tour 's executive chairman on Thursday . The London-based Australian , 53 , will have a three-year tenure starting January 1 as successor to American Adam Helfant , who decided to stand down after a similar term . "  I am honored to have this opportunity to lead the ATP , an organization that I am proud to have been a part of since the beginning of my professional playing career , " said Drewett , a former player who has run the tour 's flagship season-ending event since 2001 . Tour finale serves up big business for men 's tennis "  The ATP World Tour and men 's tennis are stronger than ever and it is my intention to continue to lead the organization on this successful path , working hand in hand with our players and tournaments . I am very excited about the opportunities ahead . " World No. 3 Roger Federer , who is head of the players ' council , welcomed the promotion of the former head of the ATP 's International Group . "  Brad is a very experienced executive and has been an effective leader within the ATP for many years , " the 16-time grand slam champion said . "  He understands the global nature of the business as well as the complexities of dealing with all of the tour 's stakeholders . I am confident that Brad 's work ethic and leadership will help contribute to the continued success of the ATP World Tour . " Drewett won two junior Australian Open titles before reaching a career-high ranking of 34th . He was elected to represent players on the ATP board before moving into the business side , and took the tour finals to Shanghai and before rebranding it in London in 2009 .	Former player Brad Drewett promoted to head of the ATP Tour Australian had previously run the tour 's season-ending championship His appointment is welcomed by players ' president Roger Federer
CNN  -- To get through the long , tedious hours sitting in the fossil archives at the University of California-Berkeley , Jason Head would listen to the hypnotic sounds of The Doors . So when he happened upon one of the biggest lizards that ever walked on land , he found it fitting to name it after the band 's frontman , Jim Morrison -- the original Lizard King . But that 's not what makes this find interesting . It 's what the existence of the "  Bearded King Morrison " tells us about the effects of climate change that 's intriguing . The climate connection Lizards , like snakes and turtles , are cold-blooded animals . They depend on warmth from their surroundings to heat their bodies . And when the environment warms up , they become more active , get hungrier , eat more and grow . For six years , Head sifted through fossils of animals that lived 40 million years ago , looking for clues on climate change . Then it jumped out at him : The Bearded King Morrison , as Head named his now-extinct lizard . Head and his team introduced it in a study to be published Wednesday by research journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B. "  It struck me that we had something here that was quite large and quite unique , " he said . The find was striking , because when it comes to climate trends , bigger reptiles point to a warmer climate , Head said . "  One of the things you can actually do is estimate past temperatures by looking at the body size of fossil reptiles , " said Head , a paleontologist who studies the Earth and its atmosphere at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln . The lizard 's hefty size helped confirm the elevated global temperature during a period known as the Paleocene greenhouse . "  This would be a globally warmed time in Earth 's history , where there 's no ice at the poles , " Head said . There was a lot of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere back then . Sound familiar ? Man-made global warming in the 21st century is pushing temperatures back up in that direction , he said . Current average temperatures are only about 2.5 degrees Celsius shy of where they were 40 million years ago , Head said , when the Bearded King Morrison grazed in the forests of what is now Myanmar . The Doors connection The lizard 's proper scientific name is Barbarurex morrisioni , and there is a backstory to how Head arrived at it . The Doors is Head 's favorite 60 's rock band . The Doors ' founder Ray Manzarek dies at 74 "  I had their albums going on kind of endless loop while we were writing and doing the analysis on the lizard , " he said . The size of the lizard took him by surprise . It reminded him of the nickname of now deceased Doors singer Morrison , also known as the Lizard King . Morrison also had a reputation for standing up for the environment . The king-size lizard , the ecological connection . For Head , the name fit . The Bearded King Morrison was no dinosaur . It was smaller than today 's crocodiles and Komodo dragons . But those are carnivorous reptiles . This was an herbivore . It ate plants . It was six feet long and weighed as much as a German shepherd , pretty sizable for a lizard . Head says he has n't found fossil records that show why the creature eventually went extinct . The big deal The evolution of such a large reptile shows what a huge effect a slight warming bump can have , Head said . With the ice caps gone , Earth 's climate became warm and muggy , and forest covered the planet . There was plenty of greenery for the chubby lizard to munch through . As man-made climate change progresses , existing reptiles will spread out into new territory , Head predicts . So can we see another spurt of such giant lizards ? Unlikely . For them to evolve to the size of the Bearded King Morrison , they would require global temperatures to slowly rise a few degrees and then remain stable for a very long time . Today 's climate is warming so rapidly that "  we 'll basically block off their ability to respond to the temperature increase , " Head said . Instead of evolution , he said , we 'll see extinction . Or , as Morrison sang , "  This is the end , my only friend . " More space and science news from CNN Light Years Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter	Lizard 's size confirms elevated global temperature during Paleocene greenhouse period The cold-blooded animals depend on warmth from their surroundings to heat their bodies Man-made global warming in the 21st century pushing temperatures back up in that direction
CNN  The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria is making headlines again . On Wednesday , images began circulating from the city of Raqqa in Syria of a man being thrown off a building , allegedly after a conviction for a homosexual act . The scene is sickening and horrifying . And it 's meant to be , because ISIS is not only killing individuals it accuses of homosexuality -- it is trying to spread terror among people who do not conform to traditional ideas about what women and men should look like , do , or say . This latest execution is the eighth that ISIS has claimed it carried out for sodomy . In addition , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights  SOHR  has reported the murders of four more men , also accused of sodomy , who were killed in similar style by ISIS in Syria . ISIS is allegedly also responsible for stoning at least three women in Syria accused of adultery . It 's clear that these chilling spectacles are staged with the intent to terrorize . Some of the men were photographed either being thrown from the tops of tall buildings or stoned or shot to death  and in some cases both  . In its social media postings about the executions , ISIS shows victims being brought to a city center , with militants purporting to read from a self-styled "  court " ruling before conducting the execution in front of a crowd . A final picture usually depicts a lifeless body . The militia 's propaganda machine gathers local communities and posts images on social media with a clear intention : to warn against any kind of transgression and spread terror . The International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission  IGLHRC  , of course , condemns these acts . But it is also important to note that we have very little information on the executions themselves . Indeed , despite our efforts , and those of other independent observers , neither the accusations nor the exact nature , time , and location of the executions can be corroborated . We know nothing about the victims ' sexual orientation or gender identity . Without evidence or independent confirmation , we must therefore be cautious about assuming anything about the individuals involved . Still , whatever the uncertainties in these individual cases , as IGLHRC and the women 's rights organization MADRE have asserted , the public and gruesome nature of these executions , and ISIS 's previous threats against those who commit what they deem to be "  sodomy , " raise concerns for anyone in Iraq or Syria who does not conform to traditional ideas about "  proper " women and men . And the reality is that these most recent executions are certain to heighten alarm and psychological suffering among lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex individuals -- and indeed terrorize the population generally -- in the areas under ISIS 's control . For Iraqi individuals who are perceived to deviate from prevailing gender norms , living under the rule of ISIS means living with the constant shadow of a potential death sentence , as pointed out in our report with MADRE and the Baghdad-based Organization of Women 's Freedom in Iraq . Where do we go from here ? There are no shortcuts or easy answers to stopping the violence of ISIS . The antidote to their bleak worldview will be long-term and hard-won , rooted in the tenacity and wisdom of resilient local communities . However , the international community must act urgently to protect lives and help those fleeing violence today . Internal and external resettlement of persecuted people should be stepped up with greater financial support to U.N. agencies and human rights NGOs who work directly with vulnerable people . Meanwhile , applications for asylum by persecuted individuals should be expedited . We can not sit idly by while ISIS commits wanton violence in the name of protecting "  morality . "	ISIS images claim to show gay men being thrown off buildings Jessica Stern : Antidote to their bleak worldview will be long-term and hard-won
CNN  -- When Neil Armstrong took one small step onto the moon in 1969 , it seemed only a matter of time before the advent of thriving space colonies and summer vacations on distant planets . But after an initial flurry of moon landings , manned lunar expeditions dwindled : the last time an astronaut left his footprints on the moon was in 1972 . Plants such as lettuce , peppers and tomatoes will be on the menu at Moon Base One . Then , in January 2004 , President Bush announced NASA 's intention to return humans to the moon by 2020 , and in 2006 , NASA announced plans to set up a manned lunar outpost by 2024 , with the European and Russian Space Agencies now planning bases of their own . After years in limbo , the dream of living in space is alive once more . Sustaining long-term space habitation presents space agencies with a whole new set of technological and logistical challenges . Currently , the International Space Station supports three astronauts in a low Earth orbit , with food supplied periodically by space shuttle . But , just as home cooking is cheaper than getting takeout , when it comes to more permanent settlements , this kind of supply voyages would be prohibitively expensive : we will need to grow our own food in space . Raymond Wheeler , a plant physiologist at Kennedy Space Center , explained to CNN , "  In the near term it 's not needed , for example on the space station and initial short sorties to the moon , but as you go further and stay longer , regenerative systems become much more cost effective . " Wheeler sees this development of space farming as a gradual process in which space outposts become increasingly self-sufficient . "  It would probably be evolutionary , " he said . "  The first human missions to Mars might set out with everything stowed , but they might set up the beginnings of an in-situ production system -- maybe a plant chamber -- that you could use to grow perishable foods . You would n't be providing everything , but in subsequent missions if you returned there you could expand the infrastructure . " Of course , this means growing plants in conditions very different from those on Earth . Yet research has shown that plants are surprisingly adaptable . For example , while plants normally use gravity to direct the growth of their stems and roots , in low gravity conditions they can use light to orient themselves . And research suggests that plants can grow well even at very low atmospheric pressures . That reduces the leakage of oxygen and carbon dioxide from their growth chamber out into space , but crucially , it also reduces the structural requirements of a "  space greenhouse , " meaning less construction material needs to be shipped into orbit . Nor is the absence of soil a problem . Many supermarket vegetables are already grown hydroponically in nutrient-enriched water , and research indicates this technique could work well in space . Some have even suggested the loose rock regolith on the surface of the moon or Mars as a growing medium , although additional minerals would need to be brought from Earth . So what 's on the menu at Moon Base One ? Well , initial crops would need to be small in stature and grow well in controlled environments with artificial light . Plants such as peppers and tomatoes are already extensively grown hydroponically , while lettuce , with its short lifecycle , would yield fast returns for pioneering space colonists . But again , Wheeler sees the choice of crops as part of an evolutionary process . He tells CNN , "  The first things you might grow would be perishable foods -- maybe vegetables or fruits -- things that do n't keep very well if you 're on a journey to Mars . Even though you 're not providing a lot of calories , these things could have a strong impact in terms of adding color , flavor and texture to the diet . " "  The other reason for considering freshly consumed foods on early missions is that they do n't require any processing , " he continued . "  If you were to grow grains , like wheat , you 'd have to thresh the seed out of the head , then clean it and mill it to make flour . Staple crops like wheat , soy bean , rice and potato -- things that would provide carbohydrates , protein and fat -- they 're the final end point . " Crops need a sheltered environment , protected from the extreme temperatures and frightening levels of radiation found on the moon 's surface , with water , carbon dioxide and light . Researchers at the University of Arizona 's Controlled Environment Agriculture Center  CEAC  , in collaboration with Sadler Machine Company  SMC  , have come up with one solution : to house plants and astronauts in an inflatable habitat . They are working on a full-scale prototype Mars Inflatable Greenhouse . Space-worthy inflatable structures have been around since the 1960s and are lightweight , compact in transit and easy to assemble on landing . But what 's novel about the CEAC design is that it incorporates a bio-regenerative life-support system -- the kind of technology that could one day not only feed an outpost on the moon or Mars , but also provide it with oxygen and recycle its water . Gene Giacomelli , Director of CEAC , told CNN , "  If people get to Mars we want to be able to feed them , but maybe even more importantly revitalize the atmosphere -- allow the plants to consume the carbon dioxide as they do so well here on Earth , and provide oxygen . " In the prototype designed by Phil Sadler  SMC  and evaluated by Giacomelli and graduate student Lane Patterson , plants are grown hydroponically . As water evaporates from their leaves , air moisture is condensed and re-used for irrigation . The inedible bits of plants , the stems and leaves , are fed into a composter that breaks down the biomass , releasing carbon dioxide that can be re-used by growing plants . In a working moon base , waste water from the astronauts ' showers and laundry could also go into the composter , where it would be cleaned by microbes and then used in the plants ' hydroponic system , before being condensed and re-used by the astronauts once again . The CEAC team intends to test the finished prototype in Antarctica , a harsh and remote environment that provides a realistic analog of conditions on the moon . The team has already provided a food growth chamber for the Amundsen-Scott South-Pole Station and the time Sadler and Patterson have spent there has provided a unique insight into some of the other benefits that bio-regenerative life support might provide for inhabitants of a space base . "  It 's not just oxygen , fresh water and food that it provides , but it 's also the green , living plants that psychologically become so important to people living and working in a confined , harsh , black and white space at the South Pole or in a moon or Mars base , " says Giacomelli . Patterson adds , "  Bright lights , high humidity , green plants and the fragrance as well -- these are things that are missing in that environment . Those things should n't be underestimated . " The CEAC project offers a tantalizing glimpse of the kind of habitat that may house settlers in the space colonies of the future . And perhaps one day , as you relax in your inflatable villa by the Sea of Tranquility , plants will provide much more than just your dinner . ... . Do you think farming on the moon will be a reality by 2024 ? Should man be developing stations on the moon ? Send us your thoughts by using the "  Sound Off " below .	NASA plans lunar outpost by 2024 Long-term space habitation will require space farming CEAC and SMC working on prototype Mars Inflatable Greenhouse Greenhouse could provide food , oxygen and recycle water
CNN  -- The emergence of a purported statement from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden about U.S. policy in Pakistan as the U.S. president embarks on a major trip to Muslim countries is no coincidence , the White House spokesman and a counterterrorism official say . Osama bin Laden is seen in an image taken from a videotape that aired on Al-Jazeera in September 2003 . "  I think the reports we 've seen are consistent with messages we 've seen in the past from al Qaeda threatening the U.S. and other countries that are involved in counter-terrorism efforts , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters Wednesday . "  But I do n't think it 's surprising that al Qaeda would want to shift attention away from the president 's historic efforts and continued efforts to reach out and have an open dialogue with the Muslim world . " A U.S. counterterrorism official , asked about the statement , said bin Laden "  has timed the release of tapes to major events so it is not surprising that he picked this particular week . " Al Jazeera , the Arabic-language TV network that aired the message on Wednesday , said the statement was "  a voice recording by bin Laden . " As for the tape 's authenticity , a CNN analysis said the voice does indeed sound like the leader of the terrorist network that attacked the United States on September 11 , 2001 . The counterterrorism official said "  there has never been a fake Bin Laden tape . " The message comes as Obama begins his trip to the Middle East , visiting Saudi Arabia on Wednesday and , in Egypt on Thursday , making a major speech to the Muslim world . Zeroing in on the conflict in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , where Pakistan 's troops are taking on Taliban militants , the message asserts that Obama is proving that he is "  walking the same road of his predecessors to build enmity against Muslims and increasing the number of fighters , and establishing more lasting wars . " The message said U.S. policy in Pakistan has generated "  new seeds of hatred and revenge against America . " The remarks -- which would be bin Laden 's first assessment of Obama 's policy -- were believed to have been recorded several weeks ago at the start of a mass civilian exodus because of fighting in northwestern Pakistan . The speaker cites strikes , destruction , and Obama 's "  order " to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari "  to prevent the people of Swat from implementing sharia law . " "  All this led to the displacement of about a million Muslim elders , women and children from their villages and homes . They became refugees in tents after they were honored in their own homes , " the message says . "  This basically means that Obama and his administration put new seeds of hatred and revenge against America . The number of these seeds is the same as the number of those victims and refugees in Swat and the tribal area in northern and southern Waziristan . " And , the message says , "  the American people need to prepare to only gain what those seeds bring up . " Watch what the speaker says on the tape " The speaker also says Zardari and Pakistan 's military chief , Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , continue to divert the army 's main role from protecting the nation to fighting Islam and its followers . He says the war is also hurting Pakistan 's economy , endangering the country 's religion and security and "  fulfilling an American , Jewish and Indian plot . " "  Most of the Pakistani people reject this unjust war . Zardari did this in response to the ones paying him in the White House -- not 10 percent but multiple folds of that , " the message says . The message points to India 's aspirations , saying it is "  easy for India to subject the disassembled territories of Pakistan , one after another , for its own benefit , like the case of eastern Pakistan before , or even worse . " "  This way , America eases its worry towards Pakistan 's nuclear weapons , " the message says . Eastern Pakistan is a reference to Bangladesh , which had been part of Pakistan until it became an independent country in 1971 . Pakistan and India have also been at odds over the disputed territory of Kashmir , and pro-bin Laden jihadis have opposed Indian rule there . Richard Holbrooke , the Obama administration 's special envoy to Pakistan and India , said he had n't listened to the message but commented on what he had heard about it . "  The idea that anyone is responsible for the refugee crisis other than al Qaeda and the Taliban and the other people who have caused such tragedy in western Pakistan is ludicrous , " he said . "  This entire problem begins with al Qaeda and its associates , and everybody in the world knows that , and it 's silly to even respond to such a ludicrous charge . " Al Jazeera aired three separate segments totaling just over four minutes long from what it said is a new bin Laden audiotape aired over an old still picture of the terrorist leader . The network 's anchors took part in describing each of the segments before they ran them . Since the message was not posted on the radical Islamist Web sites that usually carry statements from al Qaeda , it is believed that this latest message was hand-delivered to the TV network , based in Doha , Qatar . In other purported bin Laden messages issued in March , he called for Somalia 's new president to be overthrown and called Israel 's recent offensive in Gaza a "  holocaust . " Bin Laden has delivered many messages over the years , but the last video message from him was in early September 2007 . In that video message , he criticized U.S. Democrats for failing to stop the war in Iraq ; spoke of the anniversary of the U.S. bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki during World War II ; the troop surge in Iraq ; and world leaders such as French President Nicolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown . On that tape , bin Laden 's appearance was artificially changed for the first time . He dyed his beard from grayish white to black , leading analysts to believe that he has switched to sending only audio messages because he is altering his looks and does n't want people to know what he looks like . Analysts also believe that bin Laden has n't made videos lately because they are more labor-intensive to produce . There have been gaps between videos from bin Laden , with many audio messages in between , each time prompting analysts to theorize he might be dead . The last two videos of bin Laden himself delivering an address were the 2007 tape and another in 2004 . See a timeline of bin Laden messages " The U.S. counterterrorism official said of the latest purported bin Laden tape that "  while the words are different " from other messages , this statement "  recycles the broad themes of messages past . " "  While we are still looking at the message closely , there is no reason to believe any specific or credible threat is contained in it , " the official said . Al Qaeda 's second in command issued an audio statement Tuesday saying Obama is not welcome in Egypt . Ayman al-Zawahiri said relations with the United States can not be mended so long as the administration maintains its alliance with Israel . In a message called "  Tyrants of Egypt and America 's agents welcome Obama " that was posted on Islamist Web sites , al-Zawahiri once again lashed out at the United States . Obama 's message to the Muslim world , he said , has already been delivered with his support for "  Zionist aggression . " In the 10-minute audio message , al-Zawahiri said Obama had already made himself an enemy of Muslims by sending more soldiers to Afghanistan , ordering bombings in the tribal areas of Pakistan and administering a "  bloody campaign against Muslims " in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . CNN 's Octavia Nasr and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : White House says timing of tape is not a coincidence Analysis of tape indicates that voice sounds like Osama bin Laden 's Purported tape from terror leader surfaces as President Obama visits Mideast Message says U.S. policy on Pakistan has generated "  seeds of hatred "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's spokesman listed Wednesday specific steps the Egyptian government needs to take to satisfy the demands of protesters convulsing the country . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs called for expanding he negotiations with opposition groups , lifting the state of emergency and making constitutional changes to bring about democratic elections . "  We think more has to be done , and more importantly , I think the people of Egypt think more has to be done , " Gibbs told reporters . In a sign of increasing tension between the United States and Egypt over the demonstrations that began January 25 , Egypt 's foreign minister said in a U.S. television interview that the Obama administration should back off from pushing President Hosni Mubarak to speed up the reform process . "  When you speak about prompt , immediate , now , " Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit told PBS "  NewsHour , " it is "  as if you are imposing on a great country like Egypt , a great friend that has always maintained the best of relationship with the United States , you are imposing your will on him . " Aboul Gheit said the U.S. government should "  better understand the Egyptian sensitivities and better encourage the Egyptians to move forward and to do what is required -- that is my advice to you . " In particular , he rejected the call for lifting the state of emergency that has been in place for three decades , saying the special security powers were needed now that thousands of prisoners had been freed during the chaos of the demonstrations . "  How can you ask me to sort of disband that emergency law while I 'm in difficulty ? " Aboul Gheit said . "  Give me time , allow me to have control to stabilize the nation , to stabilize the state and then we would look into the issue . " At the same time , Aboul Gheit called the situation in Egypt "  an upheaval that is transforming Egypt from one era to a new era , " and insisted that Mubarak and his new vice president , Omar Suleiman , have embarked on an irreversible path of reforms sought by the demonstrators and the United States . He compared his government 's situation to being "  in a boat in the midst of the Nile  river  moving from one bank to the other , " adding : "  Give us the time to row and to go with the current and see how we will reach that point . " Gibbs , however , said it was the people of Egypt who needed to see concrete steps toward the changes they seek , and that the Obama administration was merely expressing the reality of the situation . "  I think it is clear that what the government has so far put forward has yet to meet the minimum threshold of the people of Egypt , " Gibbs said , later adding : "  I think if there 's some notion on the government side that you can put the genie back in this bottle , I think that 's gone a long time ago . " Asked about past warnings that the United States could withhold some or all of the more than $ 1 billion in annual military aid to Egypt , Gibbs said any decision would be based on the response of the Egyptian government to the demonstrations . "  We are watching quite closely to see what those responses are , and the response of the government will determine what that aid looks like , " Gibbs said . He repeated U.S. opposition to any kind of violent crackdown on the protesters , indicating that could be a litmus test for a decision to withhold aid . On Tuesday , Vice President Joe Biden spoke by phone with Suleiman to push for more progress , according to a White House statement . Biden urged "  that the transition produce immediate , irreversible progress that responds to the aspirations of the Egyptian people , " according to the White House statement . The two vice presidents discussed "  restraining the Ministry of Interior 's conduct by immediately ending the arrests , harassment , beating and detention of journalists , and political and civil society activists , and by allowing freedom of assembly and expression ; immediately rescinding the emergency law ; broadening participation in the national dialogue to include a wide range of opposition members ; and inviting the opposition as a partner in jointly developing a road map and timetable for transition . " "  These steps , and a clear policy of no reprisals , are what the broad opposition is calling for and what the government is saying it is prepared to accept , " the statement said . "  Vice President Biden expressed the belief that the demands of the broad opposition can be met through meaningful negotiations with the government . " Also on Tuesday , Gibbs made a point of directly criticizing the Egyptian government for continuing detentions , beatings and harassment of journalists and rights activists . "  The government has got to stop arresting protesters and journalists , harassment , beatings , detentions of reporters , of activists , of those involved in civil society , " Gibbs said . Previously , he and other U.S. officials , including Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , called for a halt to the crackdown on journalists and activists without directly saying that the Egyptian government was responsible . Gibbs also labeled as "  particularly unhelpful " the comment by Suleiman in an interview with ABC that Egypt lacks the necessary "  culture of democracy " for the changes demanded by protesters , such as freedom of speech and the right to organize opposition parties . A senior administration official , speaking with CNN on condition of not being identified because of the sensitivity of a rapidly changing political situation in Cairo , acknowledged Tuesday that "  there is some sort of level of frustration here . " Overall , though , the Obama administration has been careful to call for democratic reforms in Egypt while also trying to maintain stability in a key Middle Eastern ally that is a vital Arab partner to Israel through the Camp David Accords of 1978 . Gibbs repeated the U.S. call for an orderly transition in Egypt from the repressive rule of the past three decades under Mubarak to a multiparty democracy through free and fair elections . Mubarak has insisted he will remain in power through the end of his term in September instead of ceding to demands for his immediate ouster by the protesters and opposition figures . Suleiman also says Mubarak must remain in power until the next election for the transition to be orderly . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this story	White House spokesman calls for lifting the state of emergency , expanding negotiations Otherwise , the protests will continue to grow , Gibbs says Egypt 's foreign minister tells the United States to back off
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- As General Motors heads toward insolvency , the company that was once the biggest on the planet is still riding high in the world 's most populous country . China is one bright spot in GM 's dismal fortunes , but U.S. consumer activists have raised concerns . As the storied American company prepares to financially dismantle its operations between good and poor performing assets , GM China is becoming the crown jewel in the company 's operations . "  If there 's a good GM and a bad GM , China is definitely going to be in the good GM side , " said Michael Dunne , an auto analyst and managing director of J.D. Power and Associates China . But the company 's build-up in China is raising concern for U.S. consumer advocates and members of the U.S. Congress . Of particular concern are plans to build cars for the U.S. market in China after thousands of GM workers were laid off at U.S. plants . "  Do we really want the United States of America to export its auto industry paid for by the taxpayer , and un-employ workers to a dictatorship to a country like China ? " said consumer advocate Ralph Nader . "  Where 's our self-respect as a nation ? " Adds U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown , a Democrat from Ohio : "  That can not be a part of their restructuring of this company . Their business plan can not include more outsourcing of jobs while taking taxpayer money . " Industry analysts say the decision is a simple matter of dollars and cents : GM is now the third-biggest car manufacturer in China , which has recently overtaken the U.S. as the world 's largest car market . "  Our business is run as separate joint-ventures here in China in partnership with SAIC ... so we 're profitable , we fund our own investment and we would be largely independent of any action that took place in the US , " said Kevin Wale , president and managing director of GM China . "  It seems as though they have enough going on out here that they will remain insulated from the bankruptcy back home , " adds Dunne . "  I see GM weathering the storm in Asia and holding on to what they 've accomplished here and being able to ride it out here . " CNN 's Andrew Stevens and Jim Acosta contributed to this report	GM China is the third largest manufacturer in China China became the world 's largest car market in recent months Consumer activists and U.S. politicians deride plans to import GM cars Nader : Do n't export U.S. auto industry to a "  dictatorship "
As 2013 drew to a close , Laurie Wood had no realistic plans to marry , after being told for years it was illegal in her home state of Utah . She and her partner had once even filled out an official license application , but were politely sent away by a county clerk . Yet the couple was urged to save the paperwork just in case , with the clerk 's refrain , "  You never know . " Then a dramatic , unexpected ruling from a federal judge last December transformed the lives of Wood and Kody Partridge in an instant . The lesbian couple could legally wed , and they wasted no time . "  We rushed -- like hundreds of other couples -- to the Salt Lake County Building with identification in hand to get our license to marry , knowing we would n't be turned away this time , " said Wood . "  As we again nervously filled out the paperwork , the same clerk who had previously denied our application caught our eye . She beamed a huge smile and said , ' I guess you did n't have to wait so long after all . ' " Now Utah 's legal , political , and social journey to define the limits of civil marriage -- playing out in surprising and rapidly evolving ways -- will be publicly debated Thursday in a federal courtroom . There a three-judge appeals panel will hear oral arguments over Proposition 3 , Utah 's decade-old , voter-approved measure that defines marriage as only between one-man and one-woman . It also does not recognize the unions of Utah same-sex couples legally married elsewhere . An important question What the 10th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals does in the Utah case and a similar challenge over Oklahoma 's ban could be the driving legal force that seems certain to land again at the steps of the Supreme Court , perhaps by year 's end . The justices could then finally answer one of the most important constitutional questions of our time : do gays and lesbians have the same equal protection or due process right as opposite-sex couples in all 50 states to wed ? But perhaps the high court will wait , allowing the lower courts for now to control the legal conversation . "  This is a conservative court , conservative ideologically , and conservative in the sense that they like to take baby steps , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com . "  There are times when the court decides to act aggressively over time , then there are other times when the court is more uncertain and wants to move more modestly . In the same-sex marriage cases it may not want to force the entire country in one direction or another . " That makes what is happening in Utah so important . Round Two The high court 's recent precedents set the stage for Round Two of the debate , and now the 10th Circuit will become the first federal appeals court to confront the over-arching constitutional questions over gay marriage . Appeals courts in coming weeks and months will hear similar challenges over current bans in Virginia , Nevada , Texas , Kentucky , Ohio , and Michigan . A near unbroken string of state and federal court victories nationwide in the past year gives marriage equality supporters unbridled encouragement their ultimate goal will be achieved : eliminating all laws limiting the rights of gays and lesbians to wed. . U.S. District Court Judge Robert Shelby struck down Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage five days before Christmas , saying the state 's "  current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental right to marry and , in so doing , demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason . Accordingly , the court finds that these laws are unconstitutional . " The ruling drew national attention partly because Utah is viewed as among the more conservative states , and because the justices ruled this past summer on separate issues involving same-sex marriage . In June , the nation 's highest court cleared the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume after it ruled private parties did not have "  standing " to defend a voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . More importantly , the court also rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act in its 5-4 Windsor decision , citing equal protection guarantees to conclude same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits such as tax breaks . Measure of uncertainty Citing that high court precedent , Shelby 's ruling was hailed by civil rights groups . But it also created a measure of uncertainty . Because the judge -- an appointee of President Barack Obama -- did not immediately stay enforcement of his decision until the subsequent appeals process is exhausted -- as other judges have done -- it prompted same-sex couples to quickly obtain marriage licenses , despite the state 's ongoing legal challenge . More than 1,300 such couples like Wood and Partridge were wed before the Supreme Court agreed to the state 's request for a stay . "  It is very unfortunate that so many Utah citizens have been put into this legal limbo , " said the state 's attorney general , Sean Reyes . His office later admitted it was a confusing situation , and announced that while it would provide marriage certificates to those who properly applied during the 17-day window between the ruling and the stay , it would not recognize them as valid , at least for the time being . Utah may seem like an unusual battleground over homosexual rights , but the level of activism and growing public support is no surprise to many in that state . A recent Williams Institute survey found among large cities , the Salt Lake City metropolitan area had the nation 's highest rate of same-sex couples raising children , at 26 percent . Memphis , Virginia Beach , Detroit , and San Antonio were not far behind . Among states , Mississippi led the list , also at 26 percent . When it was passed in 2004 , Utah 's Prop 3 had 66-percent voter support . But after Shelby 's ruling , a Salt Lake City Tribune poll found residents there equally divided 48 percent on whether same-sex couples should be allowed to get state-issued marriage licenses . Controversial politically Politically , the issue remains controversial , a reflection nationwide over how it will be resolved : whether the courts , state legislatures , or the voters should decide the future of same-sex marriage . Wood and Partridge are among three Utah couples who brought the original lawsuit . The case could turn on defining the boundaries of marriage , within the context of family and children . "  This challenge is about real people with long-term loving relationships who believe they are entitled to respect and honor in this state , just like heterosexual couples , " said their Salt Lake City attorney , Peggy Tomsic , who will argue before the appeals court . In their legal brief , the committed couples say Utah law "  communicates to them and to all the world that their relationships are not as real , valuable , or worthy as those of opposite-sex couples ; that they are worthy of no recognition at all ; and that they are not , and never can be , true families . " The National Center for Lesbian Rights is also leading this legal challenge . Will of the voters But the state cites the will of the voters -- and a wealth of social science -- to argue "  that moms and dads are different , not interchangeable , and that the diversity of having both a mom and a dad is the ideal parenting environment . ... As between mutually exclusive models of marriage , the man-woman model is simply the one the state and its people believe is best for children . " And officials argue in their brief that "  By defining marriage as being between one man and one woman , Utah does not interfere with adults ' ability to commit to an exclusive , loving relationship with others of the same sex , or to bring children into that relationship . "  Instead , the laws at issue here simply encourage a familial structure that has served society for thousands of years as the ideal setting for raising children . Nothing in the federal Constitution prevents Utah 's citizens from making that choice . " Seventeen states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage within its borders : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington . Just a decade ago , there were none . The Utah case is Herbert v. Kitchen  13-4178  . A ruling on that and Oklahoma 's same-sex marriage ban could come within weeks .	Utah 's efforts to define the limits of civil marriage to be debated at appeals court A near unbroken string of legal wins gives marriage equality supporters encouragement Appeals court will be first to confront the over-arching constitutional questions
A small but growing group of House Republicans is increasingly worried about the fallout from the government shutdown and say it 's time for Speaker John Boehner to allow a simple vote on a spending bill . Defunding Obamacare can wait for now , they say . "  I 'm trying to be optimistic but at the same time I have a really , really tough time when people are out of work and they ca n't pay their bills , " Rep. Michael Grimm of New York told reporters Wednesday . "  Though it might be a political loss for us ... this is an untenable situation . " Rep. Scott Rigell , whose Virginia district is home to a significant number of military members and civilian contractors , was one of the first to publicly break away . "  We fought the good fight , " he said in a tweet on Tuesday , but acknowledged it was time to move on . Boehner hosted small groups of concerned members on Wednesday . A spokesman for Boehner declined to talk about the sessions . A Republican source familiar with one of Wednesday 's meetings said Boehner listened , but did n't signal he was willing to allow a vote on a clean bill . "  They were n't strong-armed , and they were n't asked to step back , " the source said of the moderates in the meeting . It was taken as a positive sign that Boehner was n't trying to muzzle the effort . Another House Republican source acknowledged that the group does n't yet have the numbers , muscle or will to force Boehner 's hand . To do so , they would need to stick together and vote with Democrats to block any piecemeal spending bills from coming up . The only Republican to do that so far is Rep. Peter King of New York . One of the Republicans who met with Boehner Wednesday told CNN they are giving him a bit more time to let things play out , but could decide to rebel by the end of the week . The shutdown : Americans on the edge White House meeting There were no apparent breakthroughs during a midweek meeting at the White House between congressional leaders and President Barack Obama . Descriptions of the meeting ran the gamut . Obama called the session "  useful ; " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said it was "  worthwhile " and Boehner cast it as a "  polite conversation . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , however , called it "  unproductive . " But the major players were all in the same room at the same time , talking to each other -- something that has n't happened much in recent weeks . Following Cruz 's playbook As the shutdown lingers , some Republican moderates are openly frustrated that tea party darling Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas appears to be calling the shots on what House Republicans do next . Cruz was one of the first to suggest passing narrow bills that fund those government agencies or functions that generate any public backlash . "  I think the leadership is committed to play the Cruz strategy all the way out , " California Rep. Devin Nunes told reporters , before adding "  if you can call it a strategy . " For two days , GOP leaders have pushed through a series of piecemeal spending bills for floor votes that would fund things like veterans affairs , national parks and medical research . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor said Wednesday they plan to continue doing this . "  We 've got ways to ease the pain on people , " Cantor said . "  We agree on a lot around here . We ought to fund that , and then we ought to sit down and talk about that which we do n't . " Still , the spending measures have no hope of passing , because the Democratic-led Senate wo n't approve the bills and , even if they did , the White House has promised a veto . Shutdown : Navy-Air Force football game on ; others in limbo Moderates meet King hosted a group of mostly moderate GOP members in his office early Wednesday that want Boehner to allow a vote on a clean spending bill . He told reporters about 10 members attended , but said he believes there are about two dozen who would publicly back a clean spending plan -- one that does n't try to strip the funding from President Barack Obama 's signature healthcare program . "  I could be wrong , but I think if you had a secret ballot , 180 would vote for a clean CR , " King said . But it 's more likely that a shift in House GOP strategy wo n't come in public defiance on the House floor , King said , but in quiet talks behind closed doors . "  Maybe it 's because I come from New York . I rely on back room meetings to get things done , " he said . "  I 'm hoping someone 's going to meet behind the scenes somewhere and we 're going to make a deal . " One senior Republican familiar with the talks argued that the effort may be small now , but it is expanding , and will grow as more Republicans hear from constituents back home that are hurting from the shutdown . "  It 's Day 2 of the shutdown -- we went from six or seven  members  to over 20 today , " the senior Republican told CNN . Another GOP member familiar with the discussions told CNN they would only get serious if they stood together as a group to block a vote . "  The only way we 're going to get Boehner and Cantor to change course is if we can bring things to a halt , " said the source , who asked to speak anonymously while talks continue . A perilous strategy But it could be risky for these House Republicans to take a stand against the tea party faction of the GOP . At the weekly lunch of the Republican Study Committee , a group of fiscal conservatives , the rumblings of the moderate GOP members came up . Some in the room said they should "  go after " those fellow Republicans and put pressure on them to fall in line , according to a GOP source familiar with the discussions . But another Republican congressional source in the meeting said the message was softer . Members of the committee were encouraged to have "  one-one-one converstations " with moderates to convince them to stick with the current GOP leadership strategy . Nunes told reporters he expected the shutdown to go through the weekend and possibly through mid-October when Congress needs to raise the debt ceiling . He does n't think the current House Republican plan , which he repeatedly said is being dictated by Cruz , is helping the GOP cause of defunding or delaying Obamacare . But he said he will vote for the smaller spending bills out of loyalty to Boehner , even as he criticized the group behind Cruz as "  lemmings . " "  I 'm going to continue to support our leadership . Even if we have entered the valley of death , when you enter the valley of death you have to keep running and the whole team has to stick together , " a frustrated Nunes told reporters outside the House floor . King acknowledged the effort to get more Republicans to push for a clean spending bill could take some time and probably would n't result in a new strategy until "  the tea party has had enough . " U.S. shutdown threatens launch of NASA 's next mission to Mars	Tea party Republicans are calling the shots in the government shutdown GOP moderates do n't have the clout yet to challenge conservatives Sources say a growing group of moderates are concerned about shutdown fallout Republican moderates could side with Democrats to end the government shutdown
CNN  -- Bordered by Thailand , Indonesia and Brunei , and with a heritage of diverse influences including a long period of British colonial rule and an economically powerful Chinese community , Malaysia is one of the most multicultural nations in southeast Asia . Comprised of two regions separated by 640 miles of the South China Sea , with Peninsular Malaysia to the west and Malaysian Borneo to the east , the country is a federation of 13 states that is home to an estimated population of 25.7 million people . From the 18th until to the 20th century , the region formed part of what was loosely known as British Malay -- a divided collection of colonized states . By 1948 , these British-ruled territories were bought together under a single administration called the Federation of Malaya , which gained independence in 1957 . Malaysia was formed in 1963 when the former British colonies of Singapore and the states of Sabah and Sarawak on the northern coast of neighboring Borneo also joined . The country 's infancy was dogged by Communist insurgency , Indonesian confrontation with Malaysia over claims to the island of Borneo , Philippine claims to Sabah , and Singapore 's secession from the Federation in 1965 . With a strictly neutral attitude towards foreign affairs , Malaysia has since enjoyed a sustained period of relatively untroubled international relations . However , the multi-religious , multi-ethnic nation has still had to contend with its own internal tensions . Ethnic Malays make up 50 percent of the population , Chinese a further 23 percent , with Indians and indigenous peoples forming the remainder , according to the CIA World Factbook . In 1969 anti-Chinese riots took place amidst growing frustration over the economic success of ethnic Chinese in Malaysia . This led to a controversial policy of positive discrimination , which saw minimum quotas introduced for Malays in business , education and the civil service . During the 22-year term of Prime Minister Mathathir bin Mohamad -- between 1981 and 2003 -- the country diversified from dependence on exports of raw materials such as palm oil , tin , petroleum and gas , to expansion in manufacturing , services , and tourism . Today the bustling capital of Kuala Lumpur , a former tin-mining town , is dominated by gleaming skyscrapers . Among them are the tallest twin buildings in the world -- the Petronas Twin Towers -- a potent symbol of Malaysia 's development . Although the country 's export trade was hit hard by the loss of demand accompanying the global downturn , Malaysia remains one of Asia 's "  most vibrant economies , " according to the CIA World Factbook . Having won every election since independence , The Barisan National coalition dominates the political landscape -- which operates under a constitutional monarchy based on the British parliamentary model . After winning the 2004 general election by a landslide , however , the coalition was returned to power in 2008 with a significantly reduced majority . For the first time since 1957 , the ruling alliance lost its two-thirds majority of the seats in Parliament  required to amend the Federal Constitution  , and five of 13 federal states to the three opposition parties , which together form the Paktan Rakyat coalition . Despite this apparent political sea-change , a series of defections from other parties and by-election results since 2008 have left the Barisan National coalition just five seats short of regaining their two-thirds majority . Malaysia 's large Muslim population live alongside people of other religions including Buddhists , Christians and Hindus . The rich mix of ethnicity , religions and historical influences is most vividly displayed in the nation 's lively and animated culture . The self-styled "  Land of the Festivals " , Malaysia boasts hundreds of colorful celebrations throughout the year , ranging from religious holidays like "  Deepavli " to secular parades such as the "  Flora Festival " . Malaysia is home to a UNESCO cultural world heritage site covering two towns . Melaka and George Town , in Penang state , are "  exceptional examples of multi-cultural trading towns in Southeast Asia , " says the prestigious UN body . " -LSB- They are -RSB- forged from the mercantile exchanges of Malay , Chinese , and Indian cultures and three successive European colonial powers for almost 500 years , each with its imprints on the architecture and urban form , technology and monumental art . " Displaying the same fertile blend of influences , Malaysia has "  one of the best assortments of delicious cuisines in the world , " according to the Lonely Planet travel guide . A smorgasbord of Asian flavors , with dishes that include beef rendang  richly spiced dry beef curry  and nasi goreng  spicy , stir-fried rice  , Malaysia 's trade commission hopes that the national cuisine will eventually become one of the world 's most sought after . Malaysia 's natural habitat is even more diverse than its culture . According to the World Conservation Moderating Center , it is one of the 17 "  megadiverse " countries which together harbor more than 70 percent of the earth 's species . Over 58 percent of the land is occupied by tropical rainforests , that include long stretches of peat swamps and mangroves . Tourism is booming in Malaysia and , as the Word Travel Guide sums up , it 's not difficult to understand why : "  Tropical island resorts and endless white , sandy beaches offer a taste of paradise , while beneath warm coral seas , world-class dive sites await exploration . Orang-utans , the oldest rainforest in the world , city skyscrapers and majestic mosques and temples , plus a gorgeous coastline are enough to tempt even the most jaded visitor . "	With range of cultural influences , Malaysia is among most diverse countries in Asia Despite global downturn , nation remains "  one of Asia 's most vibrant economies " National cuisine , exotic wildlife and colorful festivals make it a tourist favorite
CNN  -- It appears the force may be back with Harrison Ford . According to The Hollywood Reporter , filming has resumed for "  Star Wars : Episode VII " in the wake of Ford 's on-set injury . In June Ford , 71 , broke his leg while filming the eagerly anticipated movie . A spokesperson said at the time that the injury was caused by an accident and Ford later underwent surgery . "  His surgery was successful and he will begin rehab shortly , " the spokesperson said at the time . "  He 's doing well and looks forward to returning to work . " Ford is reprising his famous role as Han Solo and was filming at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire , England . The production was reportedly on hiatus while the actor recovered . Details about the film have been closely guarded . "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is still set to be released on December 18 , 2015 .	The movie is reportedly back in production Harrison Ford broke his leg on set The film went on hiatus while he recovered
Editor 's Warning : This report is about the rapper Nas and his controversial album . It contains language you may find offensive , including the n-word , which was originally the title of the album . Since this story is about his use of the word in his songs but not on his album , should you continue reading , we must warn you that we have included the word in the story . Nas , 34 , says he thinks he can still deliver his message without naming his album what he originally intended . CNN  -- When Nas said he did n't name his album "  Nigger " because there might be problems getting it into stores , it was no surprise . But when he said pressure from black leaders played a role , it seemed out of character . The Queens-reared rapper has never been one to kowtow . Just last month , he referred to the Rev. Jesse Jackson as "  the biggest player hater " and declared Jackson 's time as a voice for black America over . But in a recent CNN interview , Nasir Jones explained he did n't change the album 's name to please the Rev. Al Sharpton and other black leaders . Rather , they were stealing his thunder . "  I do n't think I liked the attention I was getting from some of the elders in my community , " he said . "  I saw it kind of leaning toward being about them ... only about them . I kind of wanted to just shake that off of me . " Hear Nas discuss the controversy " His remedy ? To drop the title altogether -- literally . The album , out Wednesday , has no name . But do n't think Nas is cowering from controversy -- the cover features the rapper shirtless with his iconic , gothic "  N " digitally whipped into his back . With a host of racial issues -- the Jena Six , Don Imus , nooses -- fresh on America 's mind , naming an album "  Nigger " seems ill-advised . Nas , however , said his goal was n't to upset ; it was to upend a society that focuses more on pejoratives than the racial plights that spawn them . "  There 's still so much wrong in the whole world with people -- poor people , people of color -- I just felt like a nice watch could n't take that away , make me forget about that . A nice day on a yacht with rich friends could n't make me forget about reality , what 's going on , " he said . "  That 's why I named the album that -- not just that the word is horrible , but the history behind the word , and how it relates to me , how it 's affected me , offended me . " Harvard law professor Randall Kennedy delves into the frustrating duality of the slur in his 2003 bestseller , "  Nigger : The Strange Career of a Troublesome Word . " Since colonist John Rolfe first coined "  negar , " referring in 1619 to a shipment of Africans to Virginia , the epithet has lived a largely opprobrious life , with one exception , Kennedy writes . "  Currently , some people insist upon distinguishing nigger -- which they see as exclusively an insult -- from nigga , which they view as a term capable of signaling friendly salutation , " Kennedy writes . Kennedy , who is black , concludes his book expressing satisfaction that the word 's use causes anxiety . Politicians should avoid uttering it at all costs , he writes , and uses by nonblacks is most often a no-no . But never underestimate the word 's complexities , says Kennedy : "  For bad and for good , nigger is thus destined to remain with us for many years to come -- a reminder of the ironies and the dilemmas , the tragedies and glories , of the American experience . " Kennedy declined to comment for this story , and Sharpton 's press office did not respond to an e-mail and voice message requesting an interview . Because Nas rescinded the title does n't mean the multiplatinum rapper is n't prepared to engage in debate on the word 's merit in today 's lexicon . "  It 's all about the intent and what you mean and how it 's coming off and the reason why you 're saying it . You know , if it 's ill intent , if you 're angry , being ignorant , being meanspirited , saying that word -- it means the worst , " he explained . "  If you 're just a couple of black guys on the street corner , does n't mean it 's a great thing , but it 's not that they 're trying to harm each other when they say it . " As for a wholesale ban on the word -- something Jackson and Sharpton have suggested -- Nas scoffed . "  For some people , you should never be able to use it , " he said . "  For others , it 's way too late . It 's too late to try to stop using it . It 's something that 's just part of the language now . " That "  elders " had anything to do with changing the album 's name might be a sign the 34-year-old is continuing the personal growth so easily charted since he released his 1994 debut , "  Illmatic , " an album that would help earn him the No. 5 spot on MTV 's list of the top MCs of all time . Back then , Nas was a 20-year-old , street-hustling rhymesmith from the rough-and-tumble Queensbridge projects , on the brink of earning the admiration of some of hip-hop 's biggest names . He 's been called "  the king "  Producer Dallas Austin  , "  a genius "  Island Def Jam Chairman L.A. Reid  and "  the greatest rapper of all time "  rapper Kanye West  . After "  Illmatic , " fans watched Nas -- and his ego -- grow through the years as he proclaimed himself "  Nastradamus , " "  God 's Son " and the "  Street 's Disciple . " His legions watched him become jaded with age when , in 2006 , he declared , "  Hip Hop is Dead , " and lashed out at the rappers and DJs he felt had rendered the genre hackneyed . Though Nas dabbled in advocacy before Wednesday , his lyrics dwelled more on his rhyming skills , hot sneakers , women and blunts . Violence was regularly invoked , especially in regard to any would-be dissers . On the untitled album , there 's still an air of militancy , with the threats of violence directed toward those who aim to oppress African-Americans . He boasts likenesses to Black Panther founder Huey P. Newton and threatens to throw Molotov cocktails in the name of civil rights murder victim Emmett Till . On "  Testify , " Nas warns that he 's loading a magazine to "  send these redneck bigots some death in a bag/choke him out with his Confederate flag/I know these devils are mad . " "  I really like ` Testify ' because it 's like a man who 's just frustrated and does n't know how to fight . It 's when you feel like there 's no one to call . Who do you call when you 're of the ethnic group that the police have been wiping out for years and the government does n't do anything ? " Nas asked . Nas explains his growth on "  Project Roach , " crediting a Guyanese anthropologist and literary critic with helping him mature : "  I used to worship a certain Queens police murderer/Till I read the words of Ivan Van Sertima/He inserted something in me than made me feel worthier/Now I spit revolution , I 'm his hood interpreter . " Other messages on the album seem designed to inspire the black community , or to decry a separate-but-equal culture that purports to incubate fairness but rarely produces results . On "  America , " he opines , "  Too many rappers , athletes and actors/But not enough niggas in NASA/Who gives you the latest dances , trends and fashion ? / But when it comes to residuals they look past us . " Nas acknowledged he 's a different person today than when he dropped "  Illmatic , " and his music has grown along with him . Fans should recognize and enjoy the evolution rather than make comparisons , he said . He tentatively agreed that his untitled album addresses the plight of black America with a more positive voice , but he almost bristled when asked if he was a "  conscious rapper , " guys like Common , Mos Def and Talib Kweli who largely refrain from talk of violence and misogyny . Nas , he said , will remain an individual , an artist , a lyricist , whose style and message ca n't be placed in a tidy case like one of his albums . "  I just look at myself as a man who 's trying to figure shit out in the world , and God is amazing because He 's never going to let us figure it all out , " Nas said . "  So I do n't really have a category . I 'm just a man that 's in search , that 's always in search , that 's always going to question things , you know ? "	Nice watches , yachts could n't make him forget America 's racial problems , Nas says Multiplatinum rapper , scholar concur n-word is complex , has dual meanings Nas ' ninth album has no name , but rapper believes he can still make his point Nas on banning n-word : "  It 's too late to try to stop using it "
CNN  -- A jihadist website is urging its American followers to kill comedian David Letterman , saying his tongue deserves to be cut over his remarks about a terror leader , an online intelligence group said . The writer posted the death threat after he got upset by a Letterman joke about an al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan , according to SITE intelligence group , which monitors and translates online terror activity . Ilyas Kashmiri , described as al Qaeda 's "  military brain , " died in a drone strike in June , his jihadist group said at the time . Letterman cracked jokes about the killing , and dragged his finger across his neck to show "  the way of the slaughter , " the message on the jihadist site said . He then said Kashmiri joins terror leader Osama bin Laden , who was killed in Pakistan in May , according to the message posted Wednesday . "  This despicable person mocked the leaders of the mujahideen , " the post says . The death threat urges jihadist followers to cut off Letterman 's tongue and "  shut it forever . " CNN could not independently confirm the message . A spokesman for the FBI said the agency is looking into the death threats . "  In the post 9/11 world , we take all of these threats seriously , " spokesman Peter Donald said . A federal law enforcement official said such threats are common . "  We see these kinds of threats frequently against people in business and media . Usually nothing comes of them , but we check them all out , " the official said . CBS 's publicity department for "  Late Show With David Letterman " declined to comment Thursday on the issue . But on the show 's official Facebook page , the comedian 's fans rallied to his defense . "  Keep doing what you do Dave , " wrote Ronnie W. , one of Letterman 's supporters . "  Dont let Al Quaeda influence your comedy , but Inspire it ... . we got your back . " Steve Grand , director of the Brookings Institution 's U.S. Relations with the Islamic World project , said that jihadists closely track U.S. culture -- as seen in seized videos showing the late Osama bin Laden watching western news programs . He said there 's a sense U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , a prominent member in al Qaeda , may be looking to "  find ways of entering the American discourse . " "  There 's an obsession with the United States and the West , more generally , " said Grand . "  And there is a desire to defend their cause through violence . " The internet serves as a motivational resource for jihadists used "  to inspire offshoots and to encourage like-minded people , " the Brookings ' fellow added . As such , a specific threat -- like the one targeting Letterman -- could be viewed as encouraging others to act . Yet Grand , like the federal law enforcement official , notes that dozens of such threats are made monthly . What may be more significant is how the American public reacts . "  U.S. citizens  have gotten use to this kind of talk , and there 's sort of a resilience , " he said . "  What is most invaluable in the United States is that the best tool against terrorism is resilience , ... to not be cowed by threats and get back to your lives . " CNN 's Carol Cratty , Karen Bonsignore and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Letterman 's fans support him online , with one saying , "  Keep doing what you do Dave " NEW : An expert notes jihadists ' "  obsession with the United States and the West " A group says the death threat comes after Letterman jokes about a terror leader 's death The death threat urges jihadist followers to cut off Letterman 's tongue and "  shut it forever "
CNN  -- You know a club is exclusive when they wo n't even let the Queen in . For almost 200 years Britain 's Royal Yacht Squadron has had a strict men-only policy , meaning even its patron , Queen Elizabeth II , was denied entry . But it seems the tide has finally turned for the world 's most prestigious sailing club , after it voted in favor of allowing women to become members for the first time in its history . The elite club , based in the dramatic 16th century Cowes Castle on the Isle of Wight in southern Britain , unanimously voted for the new rules this week . Of its 475 members , 150 attended the meeting -- all agreeing to introduce the rules from Spring next year . The membership changes require no further vote , but still need to be ratified by all members . Founded in 1815 , the yacht club has an illustrious place in British history , launching the first ever America 's Cup -- so named after the New York Yacht Club beat their English rivals in their boat "  America . " In 1826 , the club also started the annual Cowes Week sailing regatta , which kicked off on Monday and features more than 8,000 sailors from across the world . The squadron 's grand castle marks the start line for Cowes Week races , firing cannons over the water . While the prestigious club is currently open to "  gentlemen actively interested in yachting , " in reality usually people of the upper classes are invited to join . To become a member , you must still be voted in through another member . The Queen 's husband , the Duke of Edinburgh , is the club 's Admiral , while Queen Elizabeth II herself is a patron -- though not officially a member . British sailor Dee Caffari , the only woman to have circumnavigated the globe three times , said the change in rules could encourage more women to join the sport . "  Making such bold changes to clubs with strong traditions and heritage takes time -- we 've seen it take place at Lords in cricket , we have recently discussed female club members at Muirfield during the Golf Open and now we are seeing a change at the Royal Yacht Squadron , " she told CNN . "  Many yachts have women amongst the team members so this now allows the club to better reflect the sport of sailing . It also highlights the uniqueness of our sport that it is one of the few sports that allow men and women to compete on a level playing field . " In the early 1960s , the club did allow Lady Associate Members , who were allowed to use facilities .	Britain 's Royal Yacht Squadron to admit female members First time in nearly 200 years women allowed in prestigious sailing club Queen Elizabeth II patron , but until now not a member Elite club launched America 's Cup and Cowes Week , which started Monday
CNN  -- Another top team official has been implicated in Indian cricket 's corruption scandal , which centers around illegal gambling on the country 's popular Twenty20 tournament . After last month 's arrest of Gurunath Meiyappan -- formerly on the management staff of Indian Premier League team the Chennai Super Kings -- for his alleged involvement in betting in this year 's competition , an IPL team owner is now under police radar . Raj Kundra , a co-owner of Rajasthan Royals along with his Bollywood actress wife Shilpa Shetty , has been interrogated by Delhi Police for his alleged role in spot-fixing -- a practice which involves prearranging certain incidents to occur during a match . After a 12-hour interview Thursday , police officials claimed Kundra has admitted to betting and said they have confiscated his passport while the investigation continues . "  During police interrogation , Kundra admitted to betting on his own team , Rajasthan Royals , " Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar told CNN . "  He used to do so through his aide Umesh Goenka , a bookie . According to our information he also lost a large amount of money in betting . " However , Kumar said Kundra can not be arrested as police do n't yet have "  prosecutable evidence against him . " Police have also learned about the possible involvement of Shetty , but have yet to decide if she will be questioned . The couple has an 11.7 % stake in the Royals worth a reported $ 15 million . The Royals issued a joint statement from franchise chairman Ranjit Barthakur and CEO Raghu Iyer saying they are "  cooperating with the authorities to ensure a thorough inquiry . " "  Mr. Raj Kundra is a minority shareholder , and he has no involvement in the running of the franchise , " they said . "  We believe that Mr. Raj Kundra is a law-abiding citizen and would not act contrary to law . If however , he is proven guilty , or has breached any regulations , he will be suspended , and he will also forfeit his shares . " Kundra also released a statement , insisting : "  I have done no wrong for which I need to have any regrets . " "  I satisfactorily replied to the queries raised by the police and they accordingly allowed me to leave after my questioning , " he said . "  However as the case develops , in due process , it may become necessary for the police to question me further . "  I have not committed any wrong and am myself extremely anxious to know the whole truth . If an iota of wrongdoing is finally established against me I would unhesitatingly forfeit my share in the franchise . " After Kundra 's alleged confession to his involvement in IPL match-fixing , Indian cricket 's ruling body -- the BCCI -- has convened an emergency working committee meeting of its board in New Delhi on June 10 . While betting/gambling is a bailable offense under CrPC  Code of Criminal Procedure  , BCCI rules are rather stringent . According to Clause 11.3  c  of BCCI-IPL Franchisee agreement , any act of the owner that brings the Board or IPL to disrepute will call in for annulment of agreement with the franchisee . When questioned whether Rajasthan Royals will be terminated from IPL , the BCCI 's interim chief Jagmohan Dalmiya told reporters : "  Raj Kundra 's issue would be discussed in the working committee to be held on June 10 after we look into the details . If it demands any strict action we will look into it . " The arrest of Meiyappan caused big concern for the BCCI as he is the son-in-law of its president Narayanaswami Sreenivasan , who is the Chennai team principal . Sreenivasan has stood down from his BCCI role while the investigation continues . Meanwhile , a Mumbai court Friday adjourned the bail plea of Indian cricketer Shanthakumaran Sreesanth until Monday . He had approached the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act  MCOCA  Court after a Delhi court rejected his bail plea and extended his judicial custody until June 18 . Sreesanth , Ankeet Chavan and Ajit Chandila were the first cricketers to be arrested in the IPL spot-fixing case . All three have played for Rajasthan Royals . Another controversy has clouded Indian cricket , with national team captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni being accused of having a conflict of interest for having stakes in the sports management company , Rhiti Sports . It also handles accounts for his fellow India internationals Suresh Raina , Ravindra Jadeja and Pragyan Ojha . The firm has denied that Dhoni has stakes in the company . When quizzed about the BCCI 's take on Dhoni 's alleged conflict of interest issues , Dalmiya said : "  We will not cover up Dhoni 's links with Rhiti Sports , if any . But at this point when the team is busy with Champions Trophy  in England  . We will not achieve anything by disturbing the atmosphere . "	Senior Indian Premier League figures arrested over illegal betting Raj Kundra , a co-owner of Rajasthan Royals , was detained on Thursday Kundra is the husband of Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty Mumbai Indians won the 2013 IPL , beating Chennai Super Kings in the final
All that glitters is not gold , they say . But all the gold in the world may come from astronomical events that send a lot of high-energy light out in space . Researchers have new evidence that gold comes from the collision of neutron stars . "  We can account for all the gold in the universe from these collisions , " said Edo Berger , astronomer at the Harvard-Smithson Center for Astrophysics . Berger spoke about these results , submitted for publication in The Astrophysical Journal Letters , at a press conference Wednesday . Neutron stars are the dead cores of stars ; in the past , they had exploded as supernovae . The neutron stars responsible for the event that Berger and colleagues studied are each thought to be about the size of Boston , but with about 1.5 times the mass of the sun . When these two neutron stars orbiting each other collided , at high speed , they gave birth to a black hole . Because the combination of the neutron stars is too heavy , the merged object collapses into the black hole . Neutron stars collide because gravitational radiation steals the energy from their orbit , said Stan Woosley , astronomer at the University of California , Santa Cruz , who was not involved in the study . Each of these star cores is like gigantic atomic nucleus , he said in an e-mail . "  Smash two of them together at close to the speed of light and you can expect fireworks , " Woosley said . Berger and colleagues observed a short-duration gamma-ray burst , which they believe came from such a neutron star collision . The burst is a flash of high-energy light , and this particular one lasted for less than two-tenths of a second , which is why it 's considered "  short duration . " The burst was 3.9 billion light-years away from Earth -- that 's pretty far , but it 's still one of the closest gamma-ray bursts that scientists have spotted . The gamma-ray burst left behind a glow that included a significant amount of infrared light . According to the scientists , the radioactive elements , produced when merging neutron stars spat out material , emitted this light when they underwent radioactive decay . That 's because decay heats the matter that was ejected , Woosley said . This infrared glow was a golden opportunity for scientists . It gave them evidence that short-duration gamma-ray bursts can come from neutron star collisions . "  This is our smoking gun connecting a short gamma-ray burst with the collision of two neutron stars , " Berger said . There is still the possibility that the particular infrared light that the scientists spotted was not the result of radioactive decay , but a different light that was produced along with the gamma-ray burst , Woosley said . But the story of how gold formed from the neutron star collisions , he says , "  is almost certainly true . " Although the idea has been floated that gold comes from explosions of supernovae , simulations suggest that it 's hard to produce gold that way , Berger said . Supernovae may contribute some fraction of gold to the universe , he said , but it appears that neutron star collisions are the dominant mechanism of producing gold in our universe . Scientists believe that the material that the merging neutron stars flung out included gold -- a lot of gold . Berger estimates that the equivalent of 10 moon masses of gold are created and ejected when two neutron stars merge . At today 's market rate , that would go for about 10 octillion dollars , he said . That 's a 1 followed by 28 zeros . Platinum and uranium also come from this collision process , Woosley said . All of these elements swirl around between stars , as gases , and eventually become part of subsequent generations of stars , like our sun . "  The gold and platinum in our rings as well as the uranium in our bombs and reactors are little pieces of neutron stars that merged in our galaxy long before the sun was born , " Woosley said . This same gold from space became part of the formation of Earth and the rest of the solar system , including the sun . Gold that was present in the Earth 's formation sank to its core . But we have gold that can be mined closer to the planet 's surface because meteorites brought it later , according to a 2011 study in the journal Nature . More than 200 million years after the planet was formed , a shower of meteorites hit and brought with them gold , which stayed in the planet 's mantle . Think about that the next time you wear a gold wedding band or other piece of jewelry . Now there 's a fascinating thing about your bling . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Scientists studied a gamma-ray burst associated with gold The burst was 3.9 billion light-years away from Earth This burst came from the collision of two neutron stars Astronomer says such a collision can produce gold equivalent to 10 moon masses
Budget Travel  -- Last October , more than 40 people followed signs depicting a skull and crossbones , with a knife and fork in place of the bones , to a secluded Bavarian-style hunting lodge 30 minutes north of St. Louis . An Entre dinner party was hosted in a Missouri hunting lodge . The attendees did n't have any idea where they were headed or what to expect . All they knew was that they were in for a five-course meal courtesy of John-Jack , an undercover chef who 'd invited each of them via a top-secret e-mail to the latest of what he calls his Entre dinner parties . Guests arrived to a bluegrass band jamming in a room decorated with deer antlers . As a fire crackled in the massive stone fireplace , they dined on wild-elk medallions , home-cured bacon , grapefruit confit , and butternut squash ice cream -- and toasted their good fortune with pumpkin ale from nearby microbrewery Schlafly . Welcome to the world of underground supper clubs . Getting a reservation requires a little detective work , but once in , you may never go back to eating out the old-school way again . The idea behind these dinners is to let talented chefs work their whisks in an affordable , relaxed setting . And since they 're often operating out of their own kitchens , without a license to serve the public , these cooks have to keep the locales , and their own identities , under wraps . Budget Travel : The utterly random dinner party "  The trend started in food-centric cities like San Francisco , but in the last year , groups have been popping up across the country , " says Jenn Garbee , author of "  Secret Suppers , " which spotlights some of the more than 80 clubs now up and running in the U.S. . One such is Guerrilla Cuisine , founded by an incognito cook in Charleston , South Carolina , who uses the alias Jimihatt and wears a ninja mask at his gatherings . As at many clubs , diners must submit their reservations weeks in advance on Jimihatt 's Web site and then wait for an e-mail with directions to the hush-hush locale . Based on his track record , you wo n't be disappointed : The bearded Jimihatt and his rotating crew of sous-chefs have served secret , Southern-style suppers  andouille sausage gumbo , Cajun smoked chicken , chocolate beignets  in galleries , wineries , even a grocery store . Budget Travel : Haute diners Jimihatt now has a little friendly competition from an Atlanta cook named Lady Rogue . Her RogueApron shindigs each have a different theme . At a recent event , a Great Depression-style repast in Lang-Carson Park , guests stood in a soup line for pancetta minestrone with porcini mushrooms , and lemongrass-spiked corn broth . Then they divided into teams for an impromptu game of Wiffle ball . "  Our goal , " Lady Rogue says , "  is to make dining more inclusive and to have strangers connect over food . What better way to meet people ? " For those hoping to break bread with their own buddies , there 's 12B in Vancouver . To keep operations simple , its mastermind , Chef Todd , hosts the six-course dinners in his own apartment , hence the name . And unlike most supper clubs , 12B cooks only for groups of friends  up to 12 at a time  . Budget Travel : Pay-what-you-like restaurants "  Even after working 16-hour days , I would sit at home and think , ` I 've got to find a way to feed more people , ' " Chef Todd says . Money is n't the incentive . His minimum-donation fee of $ 50 just covers costs for a feast  stuffed artichoke hearts , five-mushroom ravioli , butter-poached scallops served with BBQ pulled pork  that would average twice as much in a restaurant . But as Chef Todd will attest , these clubs are less about saving and more about spending a night eating exceptionally well in the unlikeliest of places , whether a cozy lodge straight out of a fairy tale or a humble living room . Supper Clubs Entre , St. Louis , Missouri , http://danssouslaterre.com/ , five-course meal from $ 45 , including a wine pairing with each course Guerrilla Cuisine , Charleston , South Carolina , http://guerrillacuisine.com/ , six-course meal from $ 50 , BYOB RogueApron , Atlanta , Georgia , http://rogueapron.wordpress.com/ , three-course meal $ 20 , including wine or beer pairings with each course 12B , Vancouver , B.C. , 12breservations@gmail.com, six-course meal from $ 50 , BYOB Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Underground supper clubs started in food-centric cities like San Francisco Now there are more than 80 clubs up and running in the U.S. Chefs operating out of their own kitchens without licenses to serve the public They have to keep the locales , and their own identities , under wraps
CNN  -- Portugal have confirmed that captain Cristiano Ronaldo will not be fit for the World Cup playoffs against Bosnia-Herzegovina , thus ending a growing club-versus-country row . The Portuguese Football Federation had insisted that the world 's most expensive player travel home to be assessed , despite his Spanish club Real Madrid insisting that he could not play due to his ongoing ankle problems . Coach Carlos Queiroz had selected the forward in his squad for Saturday 's match in Lisbon and the return leg in Zenica four days later despite the objections of the Spanish club . Real at first refused to release the 24-year-old , having sent him to see Dutch specialist Niek van Dijk , but relented on Tuesday to allow the Portuguese medics to make their own verdict . "  After clinical evaluation and imaging , it was concluded that the player is not physically able to integrate the preparation stage of the national team for these games , " read a statement on the Portuguese FF 's Web site on Tuesday night . "  The Portuguese Football Federation wish the player a good and quick recovery . " Ronaldo has been sidelined since October 10 , when he aggravated an ankle problem playing for Portugal in a qualifier that he had suffered on club duty the previous month . Real do not expect him to be fit for at least another two weeks , but Portugal had hoped he could help them qualify for the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa . Queiroz defended his decision to make Ronaldo travel home to be assessed . "  Based on the rules and principles governing clubs and associations , we have put Cristiano in the squad , " he said . "  I was coach of Real . The club deserves respect . I know the medical team , president and CE , . I have every respect for that club . This fact can not compel me to put any club below or above the others . All clubs and players deserve equal treatment . "	Real Madrid 's injured star forward Cristiano Ronaldo will not be fit for World Cup playoffs The 24-year-old was named in Portugal squad for matches against Bosnia-Herzegovina Coach Carlos Queiroz selected him despite Real 's objections due to his ankle problems Real let Ronaldo travel to Portugal for tests , where it was confirmed that he could not play
CNN  -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani is headed to Germany under the care of a specialized medical team for medical treatment , Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said Thursday . Talabani is in stable condition , his office has said . Talabani was rushed to a Baghdad hospital Monday night in deteriorating health because of hardening of his arteries , his office told the media . But Othman , who is close to Talabani , said earlier this week that the 79-year-old leader had suffered a stroke . "  His health condition is not very good , " he said . Read more : Iraq 's president in stable condition , office says The president 's office on Tuesday released a statement saying that Talabani was exhausted . "  Recently , His Excellency President Jalal Talabani spent exhaustive efforts in order to accomplish harmony and stability in the country . Due to fatigue and exhaustion , His Excellency had a health emergency , " the office said . Talabani was elected president of Iraq in 2005 , in the nation 's first free elections in more than 50 years . This is not the first time he has dealt with serious medical issues . At times , the exact nature of his ailments has been shrouded in secrecy . In February 2007 , he fell ill and was flown to Jordan for treatment , and there were conflicting reports about what prompted his hospitalization . A hospital source told CNN at the time that doctors performed a catheterization procedure on his heart , but his family and aides denied that . Talabani 's doctor and a spokesman for the president 's office said then that he was suffering from exhaustion and lung inflammation , and underwent tests they described as precautionary . He did not return to Iraq until March of that year . Two months later , Talabani left for medical tests and to lose weight , his office said . He did not return until June . In January 2012 , he had spinal surgery in Germany . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Jalal Talabani was hospitalized earlier this week in Iraq A Kurdish lawmaker said Talabani had a stroke Talabani 's office said he was suffering from hardening of the arteries
CNN  -- Critics took to the social networking site Facebook to voice their fury over Pope Benedict 's remark that condoms do not prevent HIV . Pope Benedict XVI 's anti-condom comments have raised the ire of some Facebook users . Thousands have pledged to send the pontiff millions of condoms to protest the controversial comment he made to journalists as he flew to Cameroon last week . "  You ca n't resolve it with the distribution of condoms , " the pope told reporters . "  On the contrary , it increases the problem . " Pope Benedict XVI has made it clear he intends to uphold the traditional Catholic teaching on artificial contraception . The Vatican has long opposed the use of condoms and other forms of birth control and encourages sexual abstinence to fight the spread of the disease . About a dozen Facebook groups have sprung up , mostly from European countries , criticizing the pontiff . "  The clergy are n't supposed to have sex at all , but they are free to tell people how to conduct themselves ? That 's like a girl who wears no make-up as the CEO of CoverGirl , " one member posted on the page , "  Condoms for Pope Benedict XVI . " "  It frightens me that a man who has devoted his life to moral guidance ... and is undeniably a learned , intelligent man can be at the same time so narrow-minded , bigoted and irresponsible , " posted another person on a different page . The online campaign added another voice to a deluge of criticism , which includes the governments of France , Germany and Belgium . Aid agencies and other health organizations have also chimed in . The Lancet , a British medical journal , urged the pope Saturday to issue a retraction for the "  outrageous and wildly inaccurate " statement to journalists aboard his plane . "  When any influential person , be it a religious or political leader , makes a false scientific statement that could be devastating to the health of millions of people , they should retract or correct the public record , " The Lancet said in an editorial . "  Anything less from Pope Benedict would be an immense disservice to the public and health advocates , including many thousands of Catholics , who work tirelessly to try and prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS worldwide . " Some in the Catholic Church have rallied to the pontiff 's support . Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco , head of the Italian Bishops Conference , told Times Online in Britain that Benedict was simply pointing out that condoms "  had not solved and could not solve the AIDS problem . " Despite the controversy , the pope 's pilgrimage spurred excitement in Africa . An estimated 1 million people turned out to hear him preach a Mass in Angola on Sunday , the last major event of his trip . He spoke of the need for reconciliation in the country , which has endured a brutal civil war . "  Look to the future with hope , trust in God 's promises and live in his truth . In this way you will build something that will stand and endure , " he said .	Facebook users plan to send condoms to Pope Benedict XVI Pope Benedict XVI recently said condoms are not the answer to stop HIV/AIDS Vatican has long opposed use of condoms , other forms of birth control
CNN  -- Former Miss California USA Carrie Prejean wants to set the record straight . Carrie Prejean says pageant officials wanted her to make appearances for Playboy and a gay movie premiere . Prejean garnered widespread criticism when she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in a response to a question posed to her during the Miss USA pageant . Prejean was allowed to keep her Miss California USA crown in May , despite a controversy over topless photos and missed appearances . However , state pageant Executive Director Keith Lewis took her crown on Wednesday , saying it was a business decision based solely on "  contract violations . " Prejean offered her side of the story when she spoke with CNN 's Larry King on Friday . She also discussed whether she would sue to reclaim her title and her future plans . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : You 've had a couple of days now , Carrie , to think it all over and it 's sunk in . What are your feelings today ? Carrie Prejean : I 'm definitely a little bit surprised just by the way that I found out about this . You know , I was called by the media to inform me that I was fired . King : Are you saying the pageant did n't call you ? Prejean : No . I have n't received any phone calls . In fact , my lawyer found out from the media , as well , before we received any contact . I still have not , to this day , received any contact from Mr. Lewis . King : Now , since they were so supportive of you at the time and after the Trump announcement , what do you make of the fact that they did n't call you ? Prejean : Well , I think Mr. Trump was definitely in the middle . And I think that , you know , he has only heard one side . Ultimately , at the end of the day , you have to think about , Are you going to release Mr. Keith Lewis or are you going to release Carrie Prejean ? I think that they had to release the beauty queen at the end of the day . King : How do you respond to  charges from Lewis  ? Prejean : Well , Larry , all I can tell you was this basically comes down to the answer that I gave the night of the pageant . As you can see , Mr. Lewis does not agree with the stance that I took . I think he 's very angry . I think he 's hurt . He said in a previous statement that he 's deeply saddened and hurt that -- what Carrie Prejean believes in -- a marriage is between a man and a woman . Politics and religion have no play in the Miss California family . My question is , then why was the question asked at the pageant in the first place ? If politics has no role in the pageant , why was I given this question ? It was a hidden personal agenda that judge No. 8 asked , and I think that they were not ready for my answer that I gave . King : Let 's say they were upset by your remarks . They did n't like your answer . Why did n't they just tell Donald Trump , we 're unhappy and let 's pick the runner-up or whatever ? Prejean : He absolutely did . I mean Keith Lewis held a press conference in Los Angeles and did n't invite me to the press conference and , you know , awarded the first runner up as the new ambassador of California . That is just undermining me and undermining his own titleholder from day one . Watch how e-mails between Prejean , Lewis may have contributed to firing " As far as the other appearances , I 've had some inappropriate appearances that Keith Lewis has asked me to do . And I 'm sure you 're aware of them already -- one of them being Playboy ; another one being a reality show which is being filmed in Costa Rica . So had I said yes to these , I mean , I would have been out of the country . Again , Playboy , I could n't believe . I was completely shocked that he would even pass this along to me . Another one was a gay movie premiere that he wanted me to attend incognito . He actually said he wanted me to wear a hat and go in disguise and attend this movie premiere promoting gay marriage and then come out with a statement the next day saying that Carrie Prejean attended a gay movie premiere . It just does n't seem right , Larry , does it ? King : Are you now sorry you even entered . Or , in retrospect , has this been a boom for you publicity-wise ? Prejean : You know , this is n't something that I signed up for , Larry . I simply entered in a pageant , the Miss California USA contest , and I gave an answer that a lot of people were n't expecting . The bottom line , I took a stand , and I think I am now being punished for the answer that I gave . This is n't about contracts . This is n't about me missing out on appearances . If you want to ask Keith Lewis any appearances that I have made prior to the Miss California U.S. pageant , I will guarantee you , Larry , he will not even -- he ca n't even tell you an appearance that he -- he scheduled for me . This is n't about appearances . This is n't about a breach of contract . This is about Keith Lewis not agreeing with the stance that I took on saving traditional marriage . And from day one , he wanted me out . King : Well , are you going to sue , Carrie ? Prejean : That 's -- you know , that 's something that is not something that I want to -- I want to do . I think that what 's going on is wrong . And I think that there is definitely some information that is missing . And I know that sooner or later , the truth will come out and people will recognize here who 's right and who 's wrong . King : What are your lawyers telling you to do or advising you to do ? Prejean : You know , that 's up to my lawyers to determine whether or not they think that there will be a lawsuit involved . But that 's not up to me , at this point . King : What are you going to do right now , career-wise ? Prejean : Well , first of all , I want to thank the millions of viewers . I know you have so many viewers on your show , Larry . Thank you so much for your support . Thank you to all the Californians who have supported me , who backed me , who sent me thousands of letters and e-mails . I just want to thank you so much for your prayers , for your support . And I know that when God is for you , no one can be against you . So thank you . King : Can you tell us what you 're going to do , though ? Prejean : I 'm not sure . Definitely some -- a lot of offers -- opportunities have come my way , a lot of offers . I 'm just really excited . I feel relieved . I feel just so blessed and so honored to have represented the state of California . And I 'm ready to move on with my life and just be where God leads me .	Carrie Prejean says she learned she lost Miss California USA crown from media Prejean : Pageant director asked me to make "  inappropriate appearances " Pageant officials say Prejean 's firing due to "  contract violations " Prejean 's response to question on same-sex marriage raised eyebrows
CNN  -- Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Wednesday approved the nation 's first offshore wind farm , signing off on a project that has bitterly divided Cape Cod over the last nine years . The 130 turbines are to be located several miles from the Massachusetts shore in the iconic waters of Nantucket Sound . The interior secretary said Cape Wind , as the project is known , is the start of a "  new energy frontier . " "  The United States is leading a clean energy revolution that is reshaping our future , " Salazar told reporters in Boston . "  Cape Wind is an opening of a new chapter in that future , and we are all part of that history . " "  Cape Wind will be the nation 's first offshore wind farm , supplying clean power to homes and businesses in Massachusetts , plus creating good jobs here in America , " he said . "  This will be the first of many projects up and down the Atlantic coast . " "  Thank you for this decision , " said Gov. Deval Patrick . "  With this project , Massachusetts will lead the nation . This day has been a long time coming . " The location of the wind farm has stirred heated emotions over the years . Cape Wind became one of the most heavily vetted energy projects in the world . Seventeen state and federal agencies weighed in , reviewing everything from its impact on shipping , aviation and fisheries . Salazar visited the Cape earlier this year . At the time , he pledged to cut through the nine years of regulatory red tape and make a final decision by the end of April . At Wednesday 's news conference , the interior secretary said the process took far too long and future offshore projects would follow a "  more rational and orderly " process . There is no reason , he said , "  why an offshore wind permit should take a decade to review and approve . " The most notable opponent of Cape Wind was the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , a champion of green energy who , to the dismay of environmentalists , fought against the wind farm . The Kennedy compound will have a view of the wind turbines . See how the views on the Cape will change Other opponents ranged from billionaire energy giant William Koch to former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . American Indians in the region also objected , saying the wind farm would be located on sacred ancestral grounds and disturb important sunrise ceremonies . "  I am strongly opposed to the administration 's misguided decision to move forward with Cape Wind , " Sen. Scott Brown said Wednesday . "  While I support the concept of wind power as an alternative source of energy , Nantucket Sound is a national treasure that should be protected from industrialization . " In announcing his decision , Salazar said Cape Wind must follow stringent measures during construction , and it must conduct additional marine and archeological assessments of its impact . The company must also explore ways to make the wind turbines less visible from shore . "  The smart responsible development of wind potential on Horseshoe Shoal need not conflict with the history and tradition of Nantucket Sound , " Salazar said . Greenpeace , the Sierra Club and nearly every major environmental group in the nation supported the project , saying it 's necessary in moving the nation forward . Six governors in the region also backed Cape Wind . "  Even though we enjoy overwhelming majority support , it 's not a popularity contest , " Cape Wind CEO Jim Gordon told CNN . "  This decision needs to be made on the merits . And the record shows that it is in the public interest . " In an editorial today , the Boston Globe said simply : "  Make clean energy a reality ; approve Cape Wind now . " The New York Times earlier this week also endorsed the project . "  Offshore wind farms are a common sight in Europe but not here , " the Times wrote . "  Cape Wind would be this country 's first -- sending , finally , a signal to the world about America 's resolve to fight global warming and reduce its dependence on foreign oil . " The wind farm would bring hundreds of jobs and provide up to 75 percent of the power needed by the Cape and islands of Martha 's Vineyard and Nantucket , according to Cape Wind . Estimates of the project have ranged from $ 800 million to $ 1 billion ; Cape Wind has not released how much it believes the wind farm will cost . See the location of the wind farm The 130 turbines , spaced a third - to a half-mile apart , will cover about 25 of the 500 square miles of Nantucket Sound . They will stand more than 40 stories tall , well over 10 times bigger than nearly every other structure around the Cape . Cape Wind has said the project will not necessarily bring cheaper energy , but will bring cleaner electricity and become a model for offshore wind energy . The Alliance to Protect Nantucket Sound , the project 's chief nemesis , has vowed to file suit to continue to try to block it . The project already has withstood multiple court challenges . Buddy Vanderhoop , a member of the Wampanoag Tribe , harshly criticized the decision to go ahead with the project . "  This is a federal embarrassment and a slap in the face not only to the tribes ... but it 's also a slap in the face to the people who make their living " off fishing in the area of the wind farm 's location , Vanderhoop said . Barbara Hill has long supported Cape Wind as the executive director of the grassroots organization Clean Power Now . "  We 're going to be partying later on tonight , " she said . "  We applaud Secretary Salazar for his vision and leadership in making this landmark decision and look forward to the day when the wind farm in Nantucket Sound will be producing the majority of the electrical needs of the Cape and islands . " Wind farms produce roughly 2 percent of the nation 's energy , all from land-based facilities in California , Texas , Oklahoma , Wyoming and a few other states . Locations offshore are considered optimal because the winds are stronger and more consistent . A 2008 Energy Department report calls for "  20 Percent Wind Energy by 2030 . " It said 18 percent of the nation 's wind energy should come from offshore sites . Cape Wind first sought a permit in fall 2001 . During that time , China built its first offshore wind farm . Nine other countries have offshore farms : Belgium , Denmark , Finland , Germany , Ireland , the Netherlands , Norway , Sweden and the United Kingdom . On Wednesday , Gov. Patrick said Cape Wind will now allow the United States to join the offshore wind race . "  America now has a chance to turn that around . "	NEW : Interior Secretary Ken Salazar : Cape Cod wind farm is start of "  new energy frontier " Salazar approves nation 's first offshore wind farm Battle over the 130 wind turbines has raged for nine years in Cape Cod The wind farm will cover about 25 square miles of Nantucket Sound
Washington  CNN  The strategy behind President Barack Obama 's India trip . Race and the State of the Union speech . Mitt Romney 's next steps . Sen. Lindsey Graham 's big money goal . How Hillary Clinton 's new team compares with her 2008 staff . These are all the hot topics around the "  Inside Politics " table this week : President Obama says he 's on the offensive , and he has certainly unveiled an ambitious list of proposals in the weeks leading up to the State of the Union speech Tuesday night . But Julie Pace of The Associated Press notes that his schedule contradicts his rhetoric as he crosses into one of the indisputable stages of a lame-duck presidency : nonessential foreign travel . "  He 's going to India basically for a parade and a visit to the Taj Mahal , " said Pace . "  Think about the timing of this . The President is going to India three days after his State of the Union address . A period of time when he normally would be out trying to rally Congress and the public behind his agenda . I think this says all you need to know about the likelihood that anything he announces on Tuesday actually gets done . " What will Obama say about race and policing in the SOTU ? Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post points out the issue has receded from the national conversation even as Attorney General Eric Holder has been taking the White House 's message on increasing trust between law enforcement and communities around the country . And members of the Congressional Black Caucus , while celebrating Martin Luther King Jr. 's legacy in Ferguson this weekend , are also pressing the President to include funding for body cameras in his annual budget . "  A lot of people waiting to see what the President will say , if anything , about race and policing on Tuesday , " Henderson said . On Friday , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney said he 's "  seriously considering " a 2016 presidential run but did n't reveal any more details about his plans . But The Washington Post 's Robert Costa says Romney watchers might be getting additional information on Monday , when he is scheduled to give a paid speech -- with a Q&A scheduled -- to a corporate audience . "  This is his first public appearance since he spoke at the Republican National Committee on Friday , " said Costa . "  And we 're really going to have to see how much farther is Romney going to move ? Is he going to send some more signals about his message and his pitch should he run for president ? " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie might be telling Republicans to "  relax " about the race for the White House , but Sen. Lindsey Graham wants the GOP to get serious -- about his candidacy . CNN 's Peter Hamby reports that Graham had a meeting with some of his top donors about a week ago in South Carolina and told them : "  In the first quarter of this year , I 'm going to raise half a million dollars , go to early states , and see if there 's a space for me in this field . " While Graham 's candidacy might end up being more of an issue-driven campaign rather than a serious bid for the nation 's top office , his run might cause some trouble for other candidates in an important early contest . "  If he does run , remember South Carolina is an early primary state and that would put a lot of his top donors and operatives in a pickle because usually they have their choice of candidates to support , " said Hamby . "  But if their hometown guy runs for president , they 're going to have a choice to make . " It has been more than a month now since Hillary Clinton held a public event , but that does n't mean she is taking a break from politics . To the contrary . As has been widely reported , the former secretary of state is building a 2016 campaign team that looks very different from her 2008 high command . Her husband 's former chief of staff -- John Podesta -- is leaving the Obama White House to lead "  Team Hillary . " And two veterans of the 2008 and 2012 Obama campaigns will serve as Clinton 's top strategist and chief media adviser . The biggest question is whether Clinton has been using this down time to hone her campaign rationale -- to answer liberal critics who say she is too cozy with Wall Street or Republican critics who label her more about the past than the future . But while awaiting her return to the public stage on Wednesday , even senior Republicans -- and those Democrats pushing to draft Elizabeth Warren -- concede her 2016 staff recruits are top notch .	What 's the thinking behind President Obama 's "  Passage to India " ? Mitt Romney 's next step is a corporate speech -- with a Q&A What Hillary Clinton 's new team says about her 2016 strategy
CNN  -- Scandanavian readers can view the topless photos of Britain 's likely future queen , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , as magazines in in Denmark and Sweden have bought the controversial images , editors confirmed to CNN . Sweden 's Se och Hoer magazine printed them over the weekend , while its sister publication in Denmark , Se Og Hor , will publish them Thursday , the editors said Wednesday . The photographs will be the same ones that appeared in the French magazine Closer last week and in the Italian magazine Chi on Monday , Se Og Hor editor Kim Henningsen said . "  It 's a set of unique photos from an A-class celebrity . We are a leading gossip magazine in Denmark , and it is my job to publish them , " Henningsen said . "  If the British royal family want to sue us , then it will happen then and we 'll deal with it . " Se och Hoer editor Carina Loefkvist would not discuss the identity of the photographer , but she did say her magazine bought the images Friday . The criminal and civil legal battle over the photographs would not deter the magazine , she said . "  We do n't treat royalties different to other celebrities , so we would have published the photos anyway , " she said . "  We valued the news value . " A spokesman for the royal family declined to comment on the Danish and Swedish magazines ' decisions "  save to say that all proportionate responses will be kept under review . " Closer was fined Tuesday for publishing the topless photographs , and ordered not to distribute the magazine in print or online . A French court ordered the magazine to hand over the original photos to the royal family within 24 hours of the ruling and to pay them 2,000 euros  about $ 2,600  . The magazine must pay a further 10,000 euros a day if it is late in handing over the photos . An employee at the magazine refused to say Wednesday whether it had complied with the order . "  We do n't communicate with the press , " said the woman , who refused to give her name but identified herself as an assistant to the editor . A French prosecutor opened a preliminary criminal investigation into the incident , the Nanterre prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . Wolf : The backward view of women 's bodies Catherine and her husband , Prince William , the second in line to the throne , "  welcome the injunction that 's been granted . They always believed the law was broken and that they were entitled to their privacy , " the palace said . French law provides for "  draconian sanctions " to protect against invasions of privacy , British lawyer Charlotte Harris said , including orders to take magazines off shelves and the imposition of serious fines . Separately , the board of a newspaper that published the topless photos is conducting an internal investigation . The board of the Irish Daily Star was considering shutting down the newspaper but decided to await the investigation results , which are expected in "  a few weeks . " After the Irish Daily Star published the photos Saturday , one of the newspaper 's editors was suspended , pending the investigation . The royal family filed a criminal complaint seeking invasion of privacy charges against Closer and possibly the photographer , a palace spokeswoman said . William and Kate : Keeping calm and carrying on Chi and Closer are owned by the Mondadori publishing company , which is headed by Marina Berlusconi , daughter of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Opinion : Wake up , Kate ; photogs are always watching CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Magazines in Denmark and Sweden publish photos despite legal controversy Closer magazine , the first to publish the photos , wo n't say if it obeyed a court order Catherine and Prince William got an injunction in France on Tuesday The royals have also filed a criminal complaint in France
CNN  -- A drug counselor at California high school pleaded not guilty Wednesday to secretly videotaping students engaged in sexual activity with each other , and to possessing child pornography . Gilbert Olivares , 34 , turned himself in late Monday , according to his attorney and the Salinas Police Department . His bail was set at $ 1 million . He entered his plea in Monterey County Superior Court to 19 felony charges brought by the district attorney . Allegations include lewd act upon a child , contact with a minor for sexual offense , possessing child pornography and using a minor to do or assist prohibited acts , according to the criminal complaint . Olivares ' attorney , Andrew G. Liu , said he could not comment on specifics of the charges and his client 's stance . "  We are at a very early stage , " Liu told CNN . "  I have just received 71 pages of police reports and I have not had time to review them yet . " Olivares was first arrested last week at Salinas High School , initially on 11 charges , according to authorities . Olivares posted $ 50,000 bail at that time and was released , according to police Sgt. Christopher Lane . The criminal complaint alleges Olivares inappropriately touched the buttocks of a 14-year-old , identified as John Doe . The two allegedly also had conversations via Facebook . On further investigation of items seized from the counselor 's home , detectives found 14 videos made by Olivares in his office at the high school , police said in a statement . "  The videos are of teenage students engaged in sexual activity with each other within Olivares ' office , during school hours , " the statement says . "  It appears the videos were taken without the knowledge of the victim students and Olivares is not in the room at the time . We continue to work closely with Salinas High School to help identify any possible victims in these cases . " Police said the forensic search of Olivares ' computer also yielded dozens of pictures and videos depicting child pornography . They are not believed to depict children who attended the school and were probably downloaded from the Internet , police said . A new arrest warrant on multiple charges was obtained Monday and bail was increased to $ 1 million . "  The bail is unusually high and that might be subject to challenge in the future , " Liu said . Olivares ' preliminary hearing was scheduled for April 5 . "  He is innocent until proven guilty and we 're looking forward to a fair hearing in court , " said the attorney . "  He has the strong support of a loving family . " Olivares is employed by an organization that counsels youth on drug and alcohol abuse , police said . Although he worked as a counselor at Salinas High School for five years , he was not an employee of the school district .	Counselor at California high school faces multiple charges He allegedly made videos of students having sex in his office The drug counselor also is facing child pornography charges Gilbert Olivares pleaded not guilty at arraignment
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Watergate Hotel , part of a complex that became synonymous with President Richard Nixon 's downfall , attracted no bids at an auction Tuesday . The Watergate Hotel will most likely have to be sold privately after not attracting bids at auction . According to Paul Cooper , vice president of Alex Cooper Auctioneers , some 10 bidders ready to provide a $ 1 million deposit were registered for the auction . But the hotel fell back into the hands of its lender , PB Capital , after no one advanced the $ 25 million opening bid , the auction company said . The auction was sponsored by PB Capital , which holds a $ 40 million note on the hotel after the previous owner , Monument Reality , defaulted on its loan . Monument 's 30-day foreclosure note expired Thursday . Cooper said PB Capital will most likely sell the hotel privately after it takes over the title and will not try to operate the hotel itself . On the night of June 17 , 1972 , the hotel served as a base for an illegal break-in by operatives of the Nixon re-election campaign at the offices of the Democratic National Committee , located in the Watergate office building next door . Some of the burglars and their handlers , whose arrests began the investigation that led , two years later , to Nixon 's resignation , actually stayed at the Watergate hotel prior to the break-in . Among the hotel guests were former FBI agent G. Gordon Liddy , and former CIA operative Howard Hunt , both of whom later served prison time as a result of the Watergate break-in . Developers estimate the hotel could need up to $ 100 million in renovations . The Watergate complex was built in the late 1960s and consists of the hotel , two office buildings , and three apartment buildings . Only the hotel building was up for auction Tuesday . It closed two years ago for renovations , and possible conversions into co-op apartments .	Hotel falls back into the hands of its lender , PB Capital PB Capital will most likely sell the hotel privately after it takes over the title Hotel was a base for a break-in by operatives of the Nixon re-election campaign
CNN  -- Villarreal were denied the chance to return to the top of Spain 's La Liga after an incident-packed 2-2 draw at promoted Hercules on Monday night in which three players were sent off . Hercules led 2-1 with goals from new signings Nelson Valdez and David Trezeguet , but the latter was sent off just before halftime and Villarreal leveled through Borja Valero -- who later left the field for a second yellow card before defender Mateo Musacchio received a straight red . The visitors , who would have moved a point clear of Real Madrid with victory in Alicante , hit the post early on through Brazilian striker Nilmar but fell behind in the 26th minute when Paraguay striker Valdez scored following Royston Drenthe 's free-kick . Spain full-back Joan Capdevila equalized from close range three minutes later following a low Angel Lopez cross , then teammate Giuseppe Rossi hit the post . However , Trezeguet pounced to net his fourth league goal since arriving from Juventus when Villarreal could not clear Drenthe 's right-wing cross , but the 33-year-old former France star was dismissed for two quickfire yellow cards for dissent after Valero fouled Valdez . Villarreal made their extra man pay off just after the hour mark when Valero drilled in a right-foot low shot after home goalkeeper Jose Calatayud blocked efforts from Nilmar and Rossi . Villarreal wasted several more chances before losing Valero in the 81st minute when the on-loan midfielder was booked for handball , then three minutes later Musacchio brought down Drenthe with the Argentine ruled to be the last line of defense . That gave Hercules the advantage , but Drenthe and Abraham Paz were denied in injury-time by goalkeeper Diego Lopez . The result left Villarreal in second place above Barcelona and Valencia on goal difference , with all three teams having 16 points from seven matches . Hercules are 10th in the 20-team league , with eight points -- nine behind Real and above Real Mallorca , Sporting Gijon and Levante on goal difference . Meanwhile , Blackburn Rovers survived the first-half dismissal of key defender Christopher Samba to earn a 0-0 draw at home to Sunderland in Monday 's only English Premier League clash . The Congo international was sent off in the third minute of injury-time after bringing down Sunderland 's on-loan striker Danny Welbeck just outside the penalty area . The draw -- Sunderland 's fifth in a row -- left both teams just three points above the bottom three after eight games .	Former France star David Trezeguet scores and is sent off as Hercules draw with Villarreal The visitors also have two players dismissed in Spanish league clash in Alicante Villarreal end the night in second place on goal difference , a point behind Real Madrid Blackburn draw 0-0 at home to English rivals Sunderland despite having a man sent off
CNN  -- "  Killzone 3 , " in stores this week , is one wild , rolling firefight . Set across many different terrains , it challenges players to show off their mental capabilities as well as their shooting prowess . The first-person shooter  Sony , Guerrilla Games  picks up where "  Killzone 2 " left off , with the opposition leader dead and a city in ruins after a nuclear bomb goes off . The gameplay quickly becomes run-and-gun , as players race to get out of a war zone where they are vastly outnumbered . The Helghast , sort of a futuristic pseudo-Nazi/Cold War Russian looking group , are on the trail of our intrepid heroes through a nuked-out city , leafy jungle , polar mountains and outer space . Each setting presented its own challenges and really varied the tactics needed to survive . Guerrilla Games producer Kyle Shubel said the team spent the two years in production listening to fans about what they liked and did n't like from the series . He said the gaming engine -- the software system that runs the game -- remained the same as "  Killzone 2 , " but that this time developers had the time to do more with it . "  The fans requested so many things , " he said . "  But being given time to respond has been a strength . We really wanted to squeeze more out of the engine and we think we 've done it . " The environments play a big role in gameplay , as buildings and roads crumble under the weight of armored vehicles in the city or darkened areas hide players from enemy eyes as they sneak through the jungle . All are well rendered and help get players immersed in the action . The jungle missions were probably the most fun and the most mentally challenging . Players are forced to get stealthy -- and when I say forced , I mean it . The bad guys are so overwhelming that when I got spotted , there was no chance of survival despite being well-armed . However , the slow , methodical movements were a nice change of pace from running from building to building for survival . The boss battle with the towering MAWLR , a mechanical walker that could only be slowed down by shooting its exhaust ports  Death Star , anyone ?  , was as frantic and bombastic as the jungle was slow . Attacks are needed from the ground and from the air to stop this beast and do n't let your guard down for a second . The polar mission and the outer space mission showed off some of the vehicles you 'll get to use . I thought the ice-saw cycle in the snow regions was not as much fun as it could have been . Piloting space fighters to take out battle cruisers was n't new , but it was exciting to play . Jet packs helped hopscotch around the battlefield and reach places that could n't normally be reached . The EXO walker  think "  Aliens "  was bulky and hard to manage , but offered a big punch when needed . Shubel said each environment was designed to have its own style of play and its own set of missions . He explained that emerging technology allowed them to ramp up the look of "  Killzone 3 " from its predecessors . "  We learned a lot and worked on leveraging new technology . It allows us to do a lot of cinematic tricks that Hollywood does in blockbuster movies . " There are plenty of cut scenes to help round out the story and move it along . The Helghast leaders , voiced by Malcolm McDowell and Ray Winstone , are brutal and methodical in their destruction of the Interplanetary Strategic Alliance . The interaction between the two leaders builds to a resounding , if perhaps expected , crescendo . Single player action took about 7 hours for me , but Shubel said 8 to 10 hours was normal for completion . Split-screen co-op for two players is also available for offline play . Online , there are three game modes that can support up to 24 players for some of the missions . Five different classes are available : Marksman , Engineer , Medic , Tactician and Infiltrator . Each can earn points during the matches to improve their abilities and weapons . The Infiltrator and Marksman were the most interesting to play . The Infiltrator can disguise himself as a friendly trooper until right before he slits your throat . The Marksman is a sniper who can remain nearly invisible until an attack is made . Shubel said the development team spent a lot of time working on balancing out the power for each class so no one has an overwhelming ability to tip the scales in the fight . It does take team work from different types of players to be successful in the multiplayer modes . The game also can be viewed in 3-D . During a demonstration in Washington , I got to play using 3-D technology and a new peripheral  a gun-shaped controller  called the Sharp Shooter . The 3-D aspects did n't really benefit gameplay , but they did make the game graphics a little bit better . The Sharp Shooter , an attachment to the Sony Move controller , ended up being a lot more fun than I expected . Ultimately , I would prefer to play with the Sixaxis controller . However , I could easily see the game being played by a new person with the Sharp Shooter for more enjoyment than a regular controller . "  Killzone 3 " is n't going to blow the doors off other first-person shooter games , but it does offer a variety of missions , scenarios , and skills that make run-and-gun gaming enjoyable . There were very few disappointments and the multiplayer action was just as exciting as the single-player . And , of course , there was a cliffhanger ending so be prepared for a "  Killzone 4 " in a couple of years . "  Killzone 3 " is a PlayStation 3 exclusive title . It is rated M for mature audiences due to blood and gore , intense violence and strong language . This review was done on the PS3 using the Sixaxis controller for single player and the Move controller for multiplayer .	The first-person shooter picks up where "  Killzone 2 " left off All environments are well-rendered and help get players immersed in the action Infiltrator and Marksman were the most interesting to play , reviewer says
The end of the 50-year freeze in diplomatic relations with Cuba will mean many more U.S. travelers could be on their way to the neighbor island , only 90 miles from Key West , Florida . But the days of Havana as a glamorous destination for U.S. tourists -- as it was before the Cuban revolution ended legal U.S. travel there -- are n't returning quite yet . And while American visitors who do make it to Cuba will be able to return with rum and cigars , exporting them for sale in the United States still is n't in the works . Historic thaw in U.S.-Cuba standoff Americans already travel to Cuba in large numbers -- nearly 100,000 per year , according to Cuban government statistics . The numbers rose after Obama 's 2009 easing on some of the restrictions on travel to Cuba , including making it easier for Americans to visit family members there , and a subsequent 2011 announcement allowing for certain types of other trips . Now Obama is easing up restrictions for other kinds of visitors . Administration officials listed a host traveler types the federal government will now allow to visit : government officials , journalists , professional researchers , educators , religious officials , performers planning public presentations , humanitarians , emissaries of private foundations , and importers or exporters . Officials say all legitimate applications received by the Treasury Department 's Office of Foreign Asset Control -- the body that dispenses licenses to for Cuban travel -- will be approved . When they visit , Americans will be able to use their credit or debit cards on the island , a convenience previously banned . Agencies inside the United States will be permitted to organize trips . And American telecom equipment will now be allowed into Cuba , making communication with Americans easier . But the day when Americans can log online to book a vacation in Cuba has n't yet arrived . U.S. officials say the ban on tourism in Cuba is still in place ; the overall ban on travel to Cuba ca n't disappear without congressional changes to the law . "  The ban has to be lifted by Congress , " a senior administration official said . "  But the President is doing everything that he can with his authority to facilitate travel within the limitations of the law , and we believe that that will lead to a significant increase in travel . " Americans have long found ways around the travel ban to Cuba . U.S. citizens have been known to get around travel restrictions by stopping first in a country with flights to the island . Cuban customs officials are familiar enough with the practice to not stamp American passports when they cross their desks . 9 questions you were embarrassed to ask about Cuban embargo U.S. visitors will now be able to return to the U.S. with Cuban cigars , coveted for their quality . Cuban rum is also allowed -- Americans will be allowed to return with up to $ 100 worth of alcohol or tobacco . Those imports are only allowed for personal use , though , not resale . But with the latest crack in the long-standing travel ban , American travel companies were optimistic a new vacation market could soon be open to tourists . "  We look forward to the day -- hopefully soon -- when all Americans have the opportunity to travel to Cuba , " said Barney Harford , the CEO of travel booking website Orbitz . "  There are numerous economic , social and cultural benefits that will flow from free and open access and our customers are eager to visit Cuba . " Major League Baseball eyes U.S.-Cuba opening	The Obama administration eased travel restrictions to Cuba on Wednesday But that does n't mean U.S. tourists will overrun the island just yet U.S. resale of Cuban cigars and rum will still be banned
Washington  CNN  -- In a rare public appearance , President George W. Bush delivered a serious message for the 99 % : Step up . The 43rd President , who has taken to oil painting , emerged from his self-imposed , post-presidential low-profile to call on the majority of Americans who have not had to sacrifice for -- and could easily ignore -- two costly wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that he launched . "  They are the 1 % of America who kept the 99 % safe , " Bush said Wednesday of the 2.5 million military members who have served since 9/11 . "  While it never hurts to say thank you , that is not really the point . " Speaking at the George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas and joined by second lady Jill Biden , the former President did not sugarcoat the disconnect between service members , their families and the civilian public , which he called the "  civilian-military divide . " It 's "  troubling " that 84 % of veterans say the public is n't aware of the challenges they face and that 71 % of Americans agree , Bush said , citing a survey by the Bush Institute and Syracuse University to be released later this year . The toll for members of the military has been high . More than 50,000 U.S. and coalition forces have been wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq , and 8,211 have died . See CNN interactive Unemployment plagues veterans . At the end of last year , the unemployment rate for post-9 / 11 veterans hovered at 10 % , compared to just above 7 % for non-vets . The suicide rate among vets is astronomical , with 22 suicides committed each day , according to the Department of Veterans Affairs . And more than 400,000 veterans are waiting for their disability benefits in a backlogged VA system , says the group Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . "  It 's an unprecedented demand that we 've placed on such a small group , " said Paul Rieckhoff , head of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America  IAVA  . "  After everything they do for us , we have a duty to make that transition as easy as possible , " he said , noting that higher education institutions and employers are among those not doing enough . He even said his own previous efforts , including sporting events designed to help vets , are important but are n't "  transformative enough . " Bush announced that his Military Service initiative has launched a multi-faceted , public-private partnership aimed at helping veterans assimilate back into civilian life . "  We 'll be ... relentless in serving our vets , " he said . The Bush Institute is working with a coalition of government , nonprofit , universities and private companies to de-stigmatize PTSD , help GI Bill recipients stay in school , and encourage employers to give veterans a chance . The straight-talking former President said employers need to tailor their recruiting and hiring practices to accommodate post-war employees . "  I mean , you do n't see many job postings that say "  Wanted : experience hunting insurgents and terrorists willing to risk their lives for co-workers , " Bush said . "  I mean , what 's a veteran supposed to put down ? ` My last office was a Humvee ? ' " Bush also said Post Traumatic Stress Disorder needs to drop the 'D ' from its acronym , PTSD . He referred to it as PTS , calling it an injury that can be treated . "  Employers would not hesitate to hire an employee getting treated for a medical condition like diabetes or high blood pressure and they should not hesitate to hire veterans getting treated for post-traumatic stress , " he said . Veterans groups praised Bush 's effort . "  I honestly think this is a great program , " said Verna Jones , director of the veterans affairs and rehabilitation division at the American Legion , who attended the event in Dallas . But veterans advocates say the talk has to be backed up by action . The elephant in the room , IAVA 's Rieckhoff said , is the question of how to pay for it . And the monetary cost is great . A report released last March calculated that the cost of the wars , including health care for veterans , would be up to $ 6 trillion dollars . The United States has spent around $ 2 trillion directly on the military operations there .	President George W. Bush unveiled an aggressive initiative to serve veterans He said he will be relentless in bridging the "  civilian-military " gap He said PTSD needs to be reclassified as an injury , not a disorder
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Someone must be held responsible for a "  shambolic " response to a water crisis that has left thousands without running water , one of Northern Ireland 's top politicians said Thursday . Speaking after an emergency meeting of power-sharing ministers in Belfast , First Minister Peter Robinson said the government water company 's efforts to restore water supplies to tens of thousands of homes was "  shambolic " and "  ineffective . " He said a review would now be carried out by ministers and hinted at action against Northern Ireland Water 's top executives . "  People must assess their own position , and of course if people do n't assess their own position the review will look at where responsibility lies and decisions will be taken on the foot of that , " said Robinson . Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness was also highly critical of the response , calling it "  totally unacceptable behaviour by an arm 's - length body " . "  We are not prepared to accept this treatment on behalf of citizens , " he said . " ... Under no circumstances are we going to stand here and make excuses for a body that has failed so miserably . " Northern Ireland Water said Thursday it could be early next week before all customers are reconnected . Up to 60,000 homes and businesses are experiencing water disruption , the company said in a written statement Thursday . Of those , 6,000 have lacked running water since Monday . However , on Tuesday some residents reported they had not had water for nine days . "  The numbers on a curtailed supply will vary from between 3,500 to 60,000 at any given time , " the statement said . "  NI Water will continue to rotate supplies so figures will increase and decrease as this process is continued in order to protect reservoir levels . " Northern Ireland Water has said the "  unprecedented problems " were caused by a rapid thaw , with a huge number of pipes bursting after a dramatic change in temperature -- from minus-16 to 10 degrees Celsius  3 to 50 degrees Fahrenheit  "  within a matter of hours . " Company officials have also complained about a lack of investment in the water infrastructure over the years . The company said it had increased the supply of water to its highest level ever -- from 600 million liters per day to 850 million liters per day  158 million gallons to 224 million gallons  . "  This increase in demand is to a great degree as a result of leakage from bursts on private properties , " the statement said . Doctors are warning of an increasing public health risk if the water shortages continue . Two hospitals have experienced supply problems . Emergency supplies were being made available at locations across the province , including recreation centers where those without running water were being offered free showers . The Scottish government has sent 160,000 liters  42,000 gallons  of bottled water to Northern Ireland after supplies ran out . Ahead of the meeting of ministers on Thursday , Ulster Unionist Party deputy leader John McCallister described the situation as "  Third World and horrendous . " He added : "  If the executive at Stormont  the Belfast government  is n't able to deal with this , the UK government will have to take over -- that 's how bad things are . " In the Republic of Ireland , hundreds of thousands had supplies cut off or restricted , again as a result of burst pipes after the thaw . Repair crews worked to fix leaks , and mobile water supplies were being sent to the worst-hit areas . The Irish government said Thursday night most parts of the country would see a resumption of normal water supply within the next two days , but in the capital , Dublin , restrictions were expected to remain in place until January 10 . Irish Minister for the Environment John Gormley said significant progress was being made across the country to deal with water leaks and stoppages . It was also announced restrictions on water supplies were to be eased in most areas Friday night to facilitate New Year 's Eve celebrations .	Government officials say the government water company failed "  miserably " Northern Ireland Water says up to 60,000 customers affected Some have not had running water since before Christmas It could be next week before crisis is resolved
EW.com  -- The Sharknado sequel may just have a soundtrack by Sugar Ray . SyFy announced Thursday that Mark McGrath , Kelly Osbourne , Judd Hirsch , Andy Dick , Judah Friedlander , and Vivica A. Fox will all appear in "  Sharknado 2 : The Second One . " Osbourne will portray a flight attendant ; Dick will play a New York City police officer . Friedlander will play the character of Brian , while Hirsch will be a cab driver  duh  named Ben . McGrath will play Ben 's brother-in-law and Fox will portray Skye , an old high school friend of Fin  the returning Ian Ziering  . Do n't worry : Tara Reid will be returning as well . EW : Best of 2013  Behind the Scenes  - How a ` Sharknado ' happens In a press release announcing the casting news , this is the plot description given : "  A freak weather system turns its deadly fury on New York City , unleashing a Sharknado on the population and its most cherished , iconic sites . " One can only hope that , once again , someone chainsaws their way out of a shark â $ " maybe this time while standing on top of the Empire State Building ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The ` Sharknado ' sequel is adding to the cast This time a freak weather system turns deadly in New York City Ian Ziering and Tara Reid will return
CNN  For Lt. Colonel John Schwemmer , the scenery is all too familiar . This is his sixth tour in Iraq , and he 's back doing a job that he 's been tasked with before : training Iraqi soldiers . Schwemmer and other active U.S. military personnel are on the ground in Iraq , whipping often ill-equipped government troops into shape . They 've been here before , but this time , he feels , they 're getting it right . But the U.S. military is n't the only contingent of Western forces in the region -- dozens of foreigners , including Americans , have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS . And increasingly , U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies , who are working with Kurdish government troops and even militia in Iraq and Syria . "  Many of us do feel that we do have the skills and qualifications that can be used to benefit those in the region , " said Ian Bradbury , a Canadian former soldier who is training Kurdish Peshmerga forces in northern Iraq . While it is difficult to say how many foreign volunteers are fighting ISIS , a spokesman for a Kurdish militia fighting against them in Syria -- known as the YPG -- told the New York Times their forces include more than 100 American citizens . U.S. law enforcement officials say it is illegal to join a Syrian militia . But some organizations have set up recruitment drives online , featuring applications for foreign fighters complete with checklists of what to bring and advice on bringing body armor across international borders . Jordan Matson , a 28-year-old former U.S. army soldier from the tiny town of Sturtevant , Wisconsin , volunteered with the YPG . He told CNN that after much soul searching he realized that he needed to help in the battle against ISIS ' brutal , expansionist regime . "  I got in contact with the YPG on Facebook and prayed about it for probably a month or two and asked , ` is this what I want to do ? ' and eventually , you know , decided to do it . "  All my life I wanted to be a solider ... so I guess this just fits well over here . " But foreign fighters are n't universally welcomed by those opposing ISIS . The Peshmerga , the military wing of the Kurdish Regional Government  KRG  that has been one of the most effective counterbalances to ISIS ' expansion , has said they do n't want or need foreign fighters , according to Bradbury . "  The information I 've been getting back is that there 's very little use for  Western fighters  on the front lines , especially on the KRG side -- they have significant numbers of personnel -- it 's a source of Kurdish pride for them to rise up in scenarios like this . They more need the development assistance . " Peshmerga spokesman Helgurd Hekmat also told Kurdish news wire Rudaw that it was illegal for foreigners to join their ranks . While individual fighters are not always accepted , volunteers working as military trainers are sharing their expertise to support those on the front lines of the fight against ISIS forces . Bradbury set up 1st North American Expeditionary Forces  1st NAEF  , a training body which , he says , is currently providing material support and training to the Peshmerga , whose name means "  those who face death , " in northern Iraq . "  Internal capacity building is by far the solution that you can put into a region that is suffering instability from conflict , " he told CNN by phone from his base in Ottawa , Canada . "  Increasing their ability to maintain stability over the long term is far better than trying to influx it with a bunch of westerners who are going to leave within a short period of time . " He was prompted to establish the group after seeing "  fairly significant gaps " in the support provided by the coalition forces for the Kurdish , Iraqi regular and militia ranged against ISIS . The U.S. military is "  confident " that its support of the forces battling ISIS on the ground is sufficient . "  We 're confident the U.S. military mission of degrading and ultimately defeating  ISIS  will be found by working through our Middle Eastern partners and the international community , " Maj. Omar Villarreal , Communication Integration Planner , U.S. Central Command Communication Integration Directorate , told CNN . "  The training element of the mission is no different . It relies on direct and comprehensive military cooperation with regional partner nations , who share a mutual interest in promoting security . One of the goals of the train and equip program , is to build the capabilities of the moderate Syrian fighters to defend the Syrian people . We are confident in our efforts . " With coalition members keen to distance themselves from calls for Western boots on the ground -- and little political appetite from overseas for risking Western troops in what many see as a sectarian conflict , Bradbury contends that the best-case scenario is exactly the kind of logistical support that organizations like 1st NAEF are providing . ISIS is keen to play up religious and sectarian divisions in order to create the perception that they are the Sunni protectors of a persecuted underclass , sending non-Arab troops into the battlefield -- even in a support role -- could play into that divisive rhetoric . Bradbury downplays this risk , saying the threat is there , and is best contained in the region . Providing noncombat backing , such as medical , weaponry , logistical and training assistance would appear , he thinks , to be the best way of supporting those Kurdish and Arab troops on the front . "  Regardless of perceptions of any kind of us-against-them scenario , it absolutely is a world-against-ISIS issue that needs to take place and there definitely needs to be a global response , " he said .	Foreign fighters are increasingly signing up to fight ISIS on the front lines For some of the jihadist group 's foes , foreign fighters are not welcome comrades Training and logistical support , some argue , is the best way to support the fight against ISIS
CNN Student News  -- March 7 , 2014 Could part of Ukraine secede from the rest of the country and become part of Russia ? That question begins this Friday edition of CNN Student News , which also includes reports about North Korea , the Paralympics , and daylight-saving time . Get ready to spring forward this weekend  and to find out why we do it  ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were a producer , what kinds of stories would you want to include in your coverage of the Paralympics ? Why ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What is the capital of Ukraine ? 2 . What is the most populated state in the U.S. ? 3 . With what country has NASA teamed up to launch a new satellite that will track global precipitation ? 4 . What was the name of the first man-made satellite in orbit , launched in 1957 ? 5 . What 1,100-mile dog sled race through Alaska is known as "  the last great race " ? 6 . In what southern region of Ukraine are local government officials holding a referendum on possible secession ? 7 . What country , home to the world 's second-largest economy , convened its National People 's Congress this week ? 8 . What college entrance exam will undergo major changes , including a new top score of 1600 , by the year 2016 ? 9 . Which kind of civil time covers most of the calendar year for most Americans ? 10 . What nation reportedly fired a rocket whose trajectory was in the path of a Chinese passenger plane ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Rapper T.I. , who was sentenced to a 366-day prison sentence in March , reported Tuesday to a federal prison complex in Forrest City , Arkansas , according to CNN affiliate WSB-TV . T.I. , left , performed to a packed crowd Sunday , days before he was to start a prison term . The rapper -- whose real name is Clifford Harris Jr. -- was required to be at the prison before noon local time to begin serving his sentence on federal weapons charges . According to news reports , officers from Forrest City and the prison set up a roadblock along Arkansas Highway 1 about one-tenth of a mile from the complex . Reporters were not allowed any closer to the prison . T.I. threw himself a going-away party Sunday night at Philips Arena in Atlanta , Georgia , before a packed house . During Sunday 's concert -- called "  T.I. 's Final Goodbye Bash " -- the 28-year-old Grammy winner reiterated a message that 's become familiar in recent weeks : He wants others to learn from his mistakes . "  I 'm doing the best I can to get out there , man , and put something positive on these young kids , man , " T.I. said during the show . "  I try my best . I need y' all help , though . " The rapper played to a sell-out crowd of 16,000 people , said Kenan Woods , a spokesman for the arena . T.I. played through much of his catalog , including the hits "  Whatever You Like , " "  Live Your Life " and the Grammy-winning "  Swagga Like Us , " Woods said . At times in the show , Harris was joined on stage by fellow rapper Soulja Boy and by his five children and mother , Woods said . T.I. was sentenced in March on weapons charges related to purchasing machine guns and silencers . In addition to serving prison time , T.I. was placed on house arrest , was given community service and was ordered to pay a $ 100,300 fine . Though he had been in legal trouble before , Harris ' current situation began when he was arrested just hours before he was to perform at the BET Hip-Hop Awards in Atlanta . The rapper had provided a bodyguard with $ 12,000 to buy weapons . Harris was not permitted to own any guns , however , because he was convicted in 1998 on felony drug charges -- possession of crack cocaine with intent to distribute -- in Cobb County , in suburban Atlanta . After his arrest , he entered a plea agreement , which federal authorities called unique because it allowed the rapper to remain out of prison for a year while he performed community service . Harris has already left a strong mark on the hip-hop genre , music experts told CNN , which should position his career well when he is released . Harris had been named to the Forbes list of top-earning rappers , making an estimated $ 16 million in 2006 . Some music industry observers have said T.I. 's prison term will only make him more popular . "  I think that if anything , it will gain him more fans and actually support his fan base , because he 's talked about making a mistake , " Emil Wilbekin , editor in chief of Giant Magazine , told CNN . "  He 's talked about taking care of the error of his ways . " The Atlanta rapper has expressed remorse for the situation . "  I would like to say thank you to some and apologize to others , " he said at his sentencing in March . "  In my life , I have been placed in the worst-case scenario and had to make the best of it . " In a March interview with CNN 's T.J. Holmes , Harris said he no longer felt like he needed to carry weapons to protect himself . He said people should not idolize him for what he 's gone through , but should take note of the fact that he has taken responsibility for his actions . "  You should n't take the things that I 've gone through , and the negative parts of my life , and admire me for that . If anything , admire me for how I 've accepted responsibility for the part I played in placing myself in these situations , and what I 've done to recover from it , " Harris said . Harris has been the subject of an MTV reality show , "  T.I. 's Road to Redemption , " in the lead-up to the prison term .	T.I. performed Sunday , less than two days before his prison term was to start The rapper has been sentenced in connection with federal weapons charges His prison term of one year and one day starts Tuesday
CNN  -- Italy international midfielder Alberto Aquilani has left English Premier League side Liverpool to join AC Milan on loan for the rest of the season . Aquilani , 27 , joined Liverpool from Roma in 2009 , but the playmaker has struggled with form and fitness during his two years on Merseyside , spending last term on loan at Juventus . "  Alberto Aquilani has completed his loan transfer from Liverpool to AC Milan , " read a statement on five-time European champions Liverpool 's web site . "  The deal , which includes the option of a permanent move , will end on June 30 , 2012 . " Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish revealed the reasons behind the transfer and said he could not find room for Aquilani in his team . "  It 's a great move for Alberto , " said the Scot . "  He 's got his wife and kid over there . It was difficult for him here . "  When he came back his pre-season training was excellent . We gave him a few games , he did well in those games . But the problem for us was trying to get him in the team . "  Obviously everybody wants to play and Alberto is moving over to a fantastic football club . He goes there with the best wishes of everyone and we hope it works out for him , because he was never a problem in any way , shape or form . " Aquilani has won 17 caps for Italy and was part of the Azzurri squad for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Elsewhere , English midfielder Joey Barton has left Newcastle to join newly-promoted Queens Park Rangers on a four-year deal . Barton , 28 , fell out with the Newcastle hierarchy after criticizing the way the club was run on the social-networking site Twitter . The former Manchester City player signed for Newcastle in 2007 and was part of their squad which was relegated from the Premier League in 2009 , and then gained promotion back to England 's top division in 2010 . QPR were recently taken over by AirAsia chief Tony Fernandes and Barton said the ambition of the London outfit is what convinced him to make the move . "  The ambition of the club really impressed me , " Barton told their official web site . "  There 's a great set of lads here already and that 's why they had such a great season in the Championship . "  The manager is talking about adding two or three more bodies and that , combined with the potential of the club and the new owners ' ambitions , bodes really well for the future . " Another player on the move on Friday was Dedryck Boyata , with the central defender joining Bolton Wanderers from Manchester City on a season-long loan deal . The 20-year-old Belgium international will spend the rest of the campaign with Owen Coyle 's side . Meanwhile , in Italy , Macedonian international striker Goran Pandev has left Inter Milan to join Champions League rivals Napoli on loan . Pandev joined Inter in January 2010 after five seasons at Lazio but scored only two goals in 27 matches last season .	Alberto Aquilani has joined AC Milan from Liverpool on a season-long loan Midfielder Joey Barton has completed a move from Newcastle United to QPR Man City defender Dedryck Boyata will spend the rest of the season with Bolton
When U.S. forces toppled the Taliban government following the 9/11 attacks , there was a global wave of support from people horrified by the plight of Afghan women . Under the Taliban , women had been denied education , banned from medical treatment by male doctors , and publicly executed for "  immorality . " The Taliban 's fall promised women some basic freedoms and rights . Indeed , over the past 10 years there have been significant improvements for Afghan women and girls . Official restrictions ended on access to education , work , and health care . Millions of girls went to school for the first time . Women joined government , won elected office , and became police officers and even soldiers . A new constitution in 2004 guaranteed women equal rights , and a 2009 law made violence against women a crime . Underneath the surface of these changes , however , deep seated problems persist . Women in public life have suffered harassment , threats , and sometimes murder . Forced marriage , underage marriage , and domestic violence are widespread and too widely accepted . About 400 women and girls are imprisoned at present for the "  moral crimes " of sex outside of marriage and simply running away from home , often to flee abuse . While education is more accessible , more than half of girls still do n't go to school . Every two hours an Afghan woman dies of pregnancy-related causes . As the announced departure of international forces in 2014 draws closer , many Afghan women look to the future with fear . They worry that the troop pullout signals the end of interest in Afghanistan , and with it the international commitment to push the Afghan government to promote and protect women 's rights . Also likely to decrease is the foreign aid that pays for schools and clinics that have changed many lives . Afghan women fear being abandoned again by the rest of the world , as they were during the Taliban era . Plans for peace negotiations between the Taliban and the Afghan government raise the specter of women 's rights being bargained away . If there are no women at the negotiating table , this is even more likely . This week the fragility of women 's rights in Afghanistan has been on full display . The Ulema Council , a government-supported body of religious leaders , issued a statement on several issues , including the recent burning of copies of the Quran at a U.S. military base . The longest part of the statement , however , gave religious guidance on how women should be treated and should behave . The statement said some good things . It prohibited a traditional practice of giving a girl to another family to resolve a dispute  "  baad "  . It spoke against forced marriage . It confirmed women 's rights to inherit and own property . On women 's duties , however , the statement took a turn for the worse : Women should not travel without a male chaperone . Women should not mix with men while studying , or working , or in public . Women must wear the Islamic hijab . Women are secondary to men . If this was just the view of conservative religious leaders , it would be discouraging , but just another in a long line of discriminatory statements about women from Afghanistan 's male dominated institutions . What caused consternation , however , was the sense that President Hamid Karzai had embraced the statement . In a departure from usual practice , the statement was posted on the Presidential Palace website , distributed to the media by the Palace , and defended by President Karzai at a news conference . President Karzai has a mixed record on women 's rights . He committed Afghanistan to an international convention promising equal rights for women and pushed through by decree the 2009 law making violence against women a crime . He recently spoke out on two high-profile cases of violence against women . On the other hand , in the run-up to the 2009 presidential election he curried favor with hard-liners by signing the Shia Personal Status Law , which , for Afghanistan 's Shia minority , gives a husband the right to withdraw maintenance from his wife , including food , if she refuses to obey sexual demands , grants guardianship of children exclusively to men , and requires women to have permission from their husbands to work . Some women fear that Karzai is using the Ulema Council statement to send a message about what compromises he is ready to make with the Taliban . With international interest in Afghanistan waning , negotiations with the Taliban in the offing , and Karzai 's endorsement of the Ulema Council 's statement , Afghan women are more vulnerable than at any time in the past 10 years . Now President Obama and other backers of the Afghan government should make it clear that they will not support any deals that sacrifice women 's rights , and press Karzai to make his position clear . The risks for Afghan women are too high to do anything less .	Afghan women 's rights have improved in the last 10 years but problems persist Harassment , forced marriage and domestic violence are still widespread Religious leaders issued a statement this week on how women should behave They said that women should n't travel without a male chaperone or mix with men in public
CNN  -- "  Curly Sue " actress Alisan Porter has an admission to make : "  Hi , I 'm Ali , and I 'm an alcoholic . " That 's how Porter begins a blog post on her website , "  Lil Mamas , " where the now-33-year-old details her battle with alcoholism . In the post , titled "  The Obligatory Child Star Gets Sober Mom Blog , " Porter kids that perhaps her fans "  did n't see that one coming . Or , because you know that I 'm a former child star , you totally did . " Porter , who 's best remembered as Jim Belushi 's young co-star in the 1991 John Hughes comedy , describes the moment when she recognized she needed to change . "  I was living in NYC , " she recalls . "  I was miserable and overwhelmed with life . I was heartbroken and realizing that what had always worked for me in the past was NOT working at all ... So , I did what every good user does and I prayed to a god I had never believed in ... and then called my mom . Days later I was off to treatment , just like that . For the next four years I went to meetings , worked the steps , got a sponsor , found a god of my own understanding , prayed , meditated and basically grew up . " Porter can now say that she 's been sober since October 28 , 2007 . As a married mom of two , the former actress admits she still has her bad days , but she says her family helps her keep things in perspective . "  I do n't drink because I do n't want to miss one second of the responsibilities I get to have today . I do n't drink because I ca n't . I want to , a lot of days , because I 'm human and because life gets hard . But I do n't , " Porter writes . "  I 'm sure that someday my kids will ask me why I do n't drink and my answer will be simple : ' I never want to lose myself and not be able to find you . ' "	"  Curly Sue " actress Alisan Porter talks about her road to sobriety The former child star says she 's been sober since 2007 Her family is one of the ways she maintains perspective on tough days
Washington  CNN  -- For Joe Biden , an evenly divided Senate would be a BFD . If Tuesday 's midterm elections result in a Senate split , the vice president will suddenly find himself in one of his favorite places : the spotlight . Biden would become a crucial player in the Senate , providing the tie-breaking vote on key bills and keeping the chamber in Democratic hands for the twilight years of President Barack Obama 's administration . For a politician who spent 36 years in the Senate and has run into trouble conforming to the constraints of being Obama 's No. 2 , a divide could be a welcome twist to a career that has often confounded expectations . "  Clearly , he is a creature of the Senate , " said Ted Kaufman , Biden 's former chief of staff who filled in as Delaware senator when his boss became vice president . "  I ca n't think of a better person to be in that position . I know he would relish it . " It 's rare for an election to result in an even split in the 100-seat Senate , turning control over to the vice president 's party . The last time that happened was after the 2000 election , when Dick Cheney 's role as a tiebreaker solidified a GOP majority . That only continued for a few months before a moderate Republican switched parties and gave Democrats full control of the Senate . This year , the GOP needs to post a net gain of six seats to control the chamber and Republicans appear to be on track to do that . But their efforts are being muddied by the enduring strength of Democratic candidates in Kentucky and Georgia , who are within striking distance of claiming Republican seats -- raising the potential of a split Senate . Biden on standby And even if one party wins a slim majority , Biden could find himself on standby for much of the next two years . Deaths or absences among members -- and the possibility that several independents could switch parties and scramble the Senate 's partisan math -- will raise the odds that Biden may be called upon . Biden 's role would mostly be limited to casting tie-breaking votes -- not delving into the nitty gritty of legislating . And , of course , tie-breaking votes might be rare in a Senate where most bills now require 60 votes to proceed . But any additional time in the Senate would play to Biden 's strengths . Few men in history have adored the clubby chamber as much as Biden and he relishes opportunities to cut deals . "  The United States Senate has been my life -- and that is not hyperbole , " Biden said in his farewell address , summing up a career of melodramatic confirmation hearings , personal tragedy , health scares and failed presidential campaigns . "  It literally has been my life . " Given his affinity for the Senate , it must gall Biden that he is among only 12 of 47 vice presidents not to have cast one of the 244 tie breaking votes , according to Senate historians . Still , as vice president , he has played a crucial role in getting the administration and Senate Republicans out of jams , orchestrating agreements to raise the debt ceiling and avert the fiscal cliff . An expanded role in the Senate could also come in handy for Biden if he decides to launch a long-shot bid for the White House in 2016 . Of course , there are potential downsides . Biden slip-ups If he decides to run for president , he could be forced to take uncomfortable votes that would n't play well on the campaign trail . And a larger gig in the Senate could only provide another venue for his legendary slip-ups , which provide endless fodder for the media and plenty of headaches for the White House . He has been on a roll lately -- recently apologizing to key Middle Eastern allies for blaming them for the rise of ISIS . In October , Biden quipped that the vice presidency was a "  b -- ch of a job , weeks after angering Jewish groups by using the term "  Shylocks " and calling Asia the "  Orient . " Once , in Delaware , he joked you could n't go to a 7-Eleven unless you had a "  slight Indian accent . " In a private meeting with black clergy in South Carolina , Biden referred to himself as "  the only white boy on the east side of Wilmington " as he recalled his days as a Delaware public defender . Touring global hot spots on Air Force Two , Biden sometimes baffles foreign leaders with his break-the-ice line : "  if I had hair like yours I 'd be president by now . " He chatted up grandmas at a Senate swearing in ceremony and told Heidi Heitkamp 's family to "  spread your legs , you 're gon na be frisked . " And in his most famous faux pas , Biden was caught at the White House on a hot mic telling Obama that passing health care reform was a "  big f -- -- g deal . Biden 's tongue has sometimes irked the West Wing . In 2012 , for instance , he trashed Obama 's plans to roll out his backing for gay marriage by committing the cardinal vice presidential sin on "  Meet the Press " of getting ahead of the boss . Obama 's confidence But White House insiders say Obama values Biden 's loyalty and owes him one for steadying the re-election campaign after his own first disastrous debate with Mitt Romney . Vice presidential scholar Joel Goldstein said Biden 's influence can be measured in how often Obama reaches into his inner circle for staffers , notably Tom Donilon , Jay Carney and new Ebola czar Ron Klain . "  On the one hand , people have this perception of him as an undisciplined guy because he says things that are viewed as gaffes . But on the other hand to have functioned in the way that he has shows a tremendous amount of discipline . " Biden has been in on every big national security decision , masterminded the withdrawal from Iraq , been a skeptic on military force , managed stimulus spending and gets hours of face time with the president . He has grabbed important national security portfolios including China and mentoring Ukraine 's new government . But former secretary of defense Robert Gates wrote that though it was impossible not to like Biden , he had been "  wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades . " Despite his outsized persona , Biden would likely be welcomed back to the Senate warmly even with his eccentricities , according to veteran journalist Jules Witcover , who wrote the vice president 's biography . Some members "  thought he talked too much and put his foot in his mouth " and some Republicans view him as "  a bit of a loose cannon . "	Joe Biden could play a key role in an evenly divided Senate Biden would keep an evenly divided Senate in Democratic hands
CNN  -- For those with too much money but not enough time or common sense -- here 's the perfect travel solution . A weekend trip to the other side of the planet . A UK-based tour operator has begun offering whistle-stop sightseeing excursions from London to Australia that depart Friday afternoon and return "  just in time for work " on Tuesday morning . Austravel -- a specialist in Down Under destinations -- says the 33,800-kilometer  21,000 mile  , 46-hour round trip is ideal for anyone trying to maximize vacation time . Tickets starting at $ 1,840 include airfare , two hotel nights and rental car for three days . You 'll need the car because as well as the time spent cooped up in a jet , there 's a 12-hour drive from Sydney to Melbourne to make the return flight . Austravel 's Naomi Moreno-Melgar concedes traveling to Australia for a weekend is "  extreme " but insists it 's "  do-able . " "  A trip to the land Down Under does not need take up all of your holiday allowance , but with four time zones , three million square miles and 22 million people , it would be nice , " she says . Forget about sleep The itinerary sees passengers depart London on Friday afternoon , arriving in Sydney on Saturday evening . After a night in a four-star hotel and visits to Sydney 's Opera House , Harbour Bridge and tower , they bundle themselves into their rental car and hit the coastal road south . There 's a night and morning in Melbourne , before a return flight that lands in London at 6:40 a.m. on Tuesday . More : 10 natural wonders of Australia If that 's not enough , Austravel says passengers willing to forgo all sleep can buy "  bolt-on " trips to see attractions such as the Great Ocean Road  more driving  or Melbourne 's Yarra Valley wine region . A spokesperson for the tour operator tells CNN it 's received "  a number of enquiries " about the trip , but was unable to share actual booking figures . The world may just have gotten a little smaller . Also , a little more nuts . Would you travel to the other side of the world for just a weekend ? Let us know in the comments	Tour operator says its weekend trips from London to Australia are "  intense " but "  do-able " Itinerary includes a 12-hour drive along the coastal road between Sydney and Melbourne Austravel says it 's received several inquiries about the $ 1,840 whistle-stop round trip
CNN  When the Dalai Lama attends the National Prayer Breakfast this Thursday , it will not only be an implicit endorsement of the Tibetan Buddhist leader 's stand against China in the name of religious freedom , but also an acknowledgment that Buddhism is firmly established as one strand among many in the tapestry of American spiritual diversity . Yet it might also serve as a reminder that a religion now considered universally benign once endured suspicion , vocal protest and even government surveillance -- much as Islam has in recent years . Already , 2015 has seen threats of violence canceling a call to prayer in North Carolina , anti-Muslim demonstrations in Texas and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal comparing non-assimilating Muslims to an "  invasion . " All of this would have been familiar to some Buddhists not so long ago . Today , Buddhism is the model of a minority religious tradition that exerts an influence far beyond what its numbers would suggest . While the Buddhist population of the United States is not much larger than a million -- less than 1 % of the population -- the number of Americans inspired by the Buddha is estimated to be more than 10 times that size . The cultural position of Buddhism 73 years ago could not have been more different . When Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 in February 1942 , authorizing the evacuation of all those of Japanese descent from the West Coast to war relocation centers , the Buddhist faith practiced by many Japanese Americans was itself regarded as a potential threat . After the attack on Pearl Harbor and the formal entry of the United States into World War II , the FBI compiled a list of suspected collaborators that included not only members of groups with political ties to Japan , but the leaders of Buddhist temples . FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover 's Custodial Detention List used a classification system designating the supposed risk of individuals on an A-B-C scale , with an "  A " assigned to those deserving greatest suspicion . In Hoover 's system , Buddhist priests were designated "  A-1 " : "  dangerous enemy aliens " whose arrest was considered a matter of urgent concern . Even before the war , Japanese Buddhists were thought to be less "  Americanized " than their countrymen who had converted to Christianity , and in some ways this was true . Within the Japanese immigrant community , Buddhists were more likely than Christians to maintain their native language , as well as their facility with customs and rituals performed in that language . They were also more likely than Japanese Christians to read publications concerned with political affairs in the country they left behind . Subscription rolls of such publications provided the FBI with a starting point for building its "  A " list of suspects . Because of the connections and traditional knowledge Buddhist temples helped maintain , to be a Japanese Buddhist in America was to be considered a risk to national security . Facing such scrutiny , many Buddhists enlisted for military service to prove their loyalty and patriotism . The famous 442nd Combat Regiment was not only entirely Japanese , but it was largely Buddhist . It became the most decorated infantry regiment in Europe . In the Pacific theater , 6,000 American servicemen of Japanese descent -- again , many Buddhists among them -- worked as linguists and code breakers , hastening the end of the war . In the wake of these accomplishments , Japanese American veterans petitioned the military throughout the late 1940s to add a Buddhist designation to dog tags and grave markers , which before had offered only markings signifying Protestant , Catholic , Hebrew and Other . Their eventual victory opened up the U.S. armed forces to recognition of all other faiths . Coming during a time of increasing anti-Muslim rhetoric , and during the month in which the internment of Buddhists and other Japanese Americans is commemorated , the Dalai Lama 's presence at the National Prayer Breakfast offers an opportunity for the politicians and faith leaders in attendance to reaffirm a basic truth too often forgotten in our history : In a nation that cherishes religious freedom and hopes to see it spread across the globe , targeting one spiritual tradition diminishes them all .	The Dalai Lama will attend the National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday with President Obama Buddhists were viewed with suspicious by the U.S. government during World War II
CNN  -- Madonna was "  devastated " to hear that a man was killed in an accident during construction for her upcoming concerts in Marseilles , France , a representative said Thursday . Firefighters leave the Stade Velodrome stadium in Marseille after the accident on Thursday . A 53-year-old French man was killed when a stage being built for the concert collapsed , a fire department spokesman in the southern French city said . Another two people , one British and one American , are severely injured , and four are lightly injured , officer David Goddin told CNN . "  At this point we do n't know how it happened , but we are confident no one else is still under the rubble , " Goddin said . "  My prayers go out to those who were injured and their families along with my deepest sympathy to all those affected by this heartbreaking news , " Madonna said in a statement issued by her representative , Liz Rosenberg . At least one Madonna show has been canceled , Rosenberg told CNN . A crane collapsed while lifting a large metallic truss into place , Lt. Thierry Delorme of the French Navy told CNN . In Marseille , the Fire Department is a part of the Navy . An investigation has been launched into the cause of the collapse , he said . In addition to the six injuries and the single fatality , 34 people received psychological support after the incident , he said . About 27 fire engines and 80 firefighters responded to the emergency when the stage collapsed at 5:15 p.m.  1515 GMT  . "  There were a lot of open fractures , of injuries , it was a messy sight , " one of the rescue workers told Agence-France Presse . Madonna was scheduled to play the first of five concerts for her "  Sticky and Sweet " tour at the 60,000-seat Stade Velodrome on Sunday . The singer was in Udine , Italy , when she heard the news , Rosenberg said . CNN 's Per Nyberg in London , England , contributed to this report .	One person was killed when stage being built for Madonna concert collapses Accident happened Thursday afternoon in southern French city of Marseille Another two people , one British and one American , were severely injured Madonna due to play first of five concerts in city for "  Sticky and Sweet " tour Sunday
Jerusalem  CNN  Israel has decided to freeze the transfer of more than $ 127 million in tax revenues collected on behalf of the Palestinians in the wake of their bid to join the International Criminal Court , Israel 's newspaper Haaretz reported Saturday . A Palestine Liberation Organization spokesman said that the freezing of tax revenues is an Israeli decision . "  Palestinians took a legitimate step with the ICC and we are being returned not in kind . They are following our legal step with an illegal one , " said Xavier Abu Eid , spokesman of the PLO 's Negotiations Affairs Department . Israeli authorities could n't be immediately reached for comment . On Wednesday , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas signed a bid to join the International Criminal Court . That move came a day after the U.N. Security Council rejected a resolution calling for Palestinian statehood by 2017 , and for Israel to withdraw from the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The bid sets the stage for the Palestinian Authority to possibly pursue war crime complaints against Israel . The U.S. State Department , however , has said it was "  deeply troubled " by the Palestinian Authority 's move , calling it an "  escalatory step . " The State Department said "  direct negotiations are ultimately the only realistic path " for peace between Israel and the Palestinians . The move "  is entirely counterproductive and does nothing to further the aspirations of the Palestinian people for a sovereign and independent state . It badly damages the atmosphere with the very people with whom they ultimately need to make peace , " the State Department said . CNN 's Irene Nasser reported from Jerusalem , and Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Israel halts $ 127 million in tax revenues due to Palestinians , media report says The freeze comes after Palestinian Authority seeks to join Intl. . Criminal Court "  They are following our legal step with an illegal one , " PLO spokesman says
CNN  -- The Sri Lankan army overran two Tamil Tiger rebel positions in the country 's north on Tuesday , the military reported on its Web site . Recently captured rebel weapons stacked up in the former Tamil stronghold of Kilinochchi . The rebels "  suffered double blows , losing two heavily fortified defense positions as ... troops made predawn incursions at identified terror strong points located south of Valayanmadam today , " the Ministry of Defense said . The claims of military victories came a day after Sri Lanka ordered an end to combat operations against the rebels by curtailing "  the use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft and aerial weapons which could cause civilian causalities , " a statement from the Presidential Secretariat said . A rebel Web site , Tamilnet.com , reported an "  intense barrage of heavy weapons " through Monday evening . The rebel site accused the military of staging a ground offensive , "  firing artillery shells fitted with cluster munitions , multi-barrel rocket launcher  MBRL  fire and heavy mortar fire from many directions on the northern side of Mu ` l'li-vaaykkaal . " The Tiger leadership has asked the international community to "  pressure the Sri Lankan government to reciprocate " on a cease-fire offer proposed last week . The United States , the United Nations , the European Union and India have called for a cease-fire . Last week , India 's foreign secretary and national security adviser met with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to express their concerns about the situation in the north , including casualties among civilians . India has a large Tamil population that sympathizes with the plight of Tamils in Sri Lanka . The foreign ministers of two nations are due in Sri Lanka on Wednesday -- David Miliband of the United Kingdom and Bernard Kouchner of France . Carl Bildt of Sweden was originally scheduled to make the trip with his counterparts , but was not granted a visa , so he was forced to cancel , the Swedish Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . In what amounts to a diplomatic protest , Sweden will recall its ambassador to Sri Lanka for consultations . A government-imposed deadline for the Tigers to surrender passed a week ago . Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country 's northeastern coast . Government troops say they have rescued some 40,000 civilians trapped in the area , but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of "  fresh displacement " now exceeds 100,000 people . The Sri Lankan military says up to 20,000 civilians continue to be held hostage by Tamil "  terrorists , " adding that its forces will continue humanitarian operations to rescue them . Fifty metric tons of relief supplies -- which landed in Colombo on Monday -- will be sent by UNICEF to the north to help displaced residents . UNICEF , which called the situation in the north a "  catastrophe for children , " said the displaced lack food , water and basic medical supplies . The rebels estimate the number of civilians still in the territory at more than 160,000 . The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union . -- CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this story .	Sri Lankan army Web site : Two heavily fortified defense positions overrun Claims came a day after Sri Lanka ordered end to combat operations Sri Lanka : Forces ordered to cease use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft Rebels say fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets after announcement
Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- Last week , Libya 's former leader , Moammar Gadhafi , was killed , apparently by rebel forces . When he was captured , he was by all accounts alive , with a gunshot to the arm . But the official autopsy report indicated that Gadhafi died of a gunshot wound to the head . Now , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and even U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are calling for an outside investigation into the circumstances of Gadhafi 's death , and the International Criminal Court has asked to inspect his body . Was the killing of Gadhafi a war crime ? There are several competing versions of what happened to Gadhafi . Unfortunately , the Libyan doctor who conducted the autopsy has not disclosed whether the forensic evidence indicated that he suffered the head wound in a crossfire , as leaders of Libya 's interim government have claimed , or at close range . The latter would obviously suggest that Gadhafi was murdered after he was taken into custody . Since this was the closing chapter of an internal armed conflict dating back to February , the situation was governed by the international laws of war as codified in the 1949 Geneva Conventions . Under these rules , it is a war crime to kill a combatant after he has been disarmed and taken into custody , except after a fair trial . Such a summary execution is to be distinguished from the killing of Osama bin Laden , which occurred during his capture and amid the fog of battle . Will the International Criminal Court  ICC  get involved ? Since the situation in Libya has been referred to the ICC by the U.N. Security Council , the ICC has jurisdiction over crimes against humanity and war crimes in Libya since February 2011 . Under this grant of authority , the ICC 's jurisdiction extends not only to Gadhafi and his troops , but also to the anti-Gadhafi forces and leaders of the national transitional government . The ICC has indicted Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Islam and the head of the secret police but has so far not focused on the acts of anti-Gadhafi forces . That 's because the ICC 's governing statute guides the prosecutor away from isolated acts toward large-scale atrocities , providing that "  the Court shall have jurisdiction in respect of war crimes in particular when committed as part of a plan or policy or as part of a large-scale commission of such crimes . " That focus could change , however , if evidence emerges of a policy of widespread retaliatory killings by anti-Gadhafi forces , and if the ICC concludes that Gadhafi 's death was a part of that policy . To prevent the ICC from taking further action , the new Libyan authorities have announced that they are undertaking their own investigation into Gadhafi 's death . Under the ICC statute , the international court must defer to domestic investigations unless there is evidence that such investigations are a sham . Gadhafi 's was not the only mysterious death in Sirte last week . Human Rights Watch has reported evidence of the apparent murder of 53 people , believed to be Gadhafi supporters , in a Sirte hotel that came under the control of anti-Gadhafi fighters . Many of the bodies were reportedly found shot in the head with their hands bound behind their backs . This latest atrocity suggests that the new Libyan authorities should not be trusted to investigate the death of Gadhafi on their own . What does this mean for the new Libyan government ? At present , leaders of the new government are promising early elections and a quick transition to democracy . To gain international financial assistance , the new government needs to prove its commitment to basic human rights . Lingering concerns about extrajudicial killings will set back that effort . An international commission of inquiry , launched by the U.N. Human Rights Council and headed by former ICC President Philippe Kirsch of Canada , is investigating reports of extrajudicial killings , torture and other crimes in Libya . This is an appropriate body to examine the circumstances of Gadhafi 's death . Cooperating with the Kirsch Commission would be an important first step on the road to proving that the new Libya can be a nation pledged to the rule of law . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael P. Scharf .	Michael Scharf : Gadhafi taken alive but died with bullet to head ; rights groups want investigation He says Geneva Conventions say that killing combatant after he 's been disarmed a war crime Transition government promises probe ; this limits international court 's options , he says Scharf : To get global aid , a new Libya must show it can properly address extrajudicial killings
CNN  -- Russia has dropped charges of piracy against 30 Greenpeace activists who were arrested during a protest against Arctic drilling in September . However , they 'll still be charged with hooliganism , which carries a sentence of up to seven years in prison , according to Russian news agency RIA Novosti . The original charge of piracy carried a sentence of up to 15 years . Greenpeace says the hooliganism charge is still "  wildly disproportionate . " "  We will contest the trumped up charge of hooliganism as strongly as we contested the piracy allegations . They are both fantasy charges that bear no relation to reality , " Vladimir Chuprov of Greenpeace Russia said in a statement . The so-called "  Arctic 30 " includes 28 activists and two freelance journalists . They were arrested in September after two activists left their ship , the Arctic Sunrise , and attempted to scale an oil platform owned by Russian energy company Gazprom in the Barents Sea . The Russian coast guard detained the pair and the rest of the crew , and towed the ship to the northwestern Russian port city of Murmansk . "  Those brave men and women went to the Arctic armed with nothing more than a desire to shine a light on a reckless business . They should be with their families , not in a prison in Murmansk , " Chuprov added . Greenpeace said the two activists were trying to hang a banner from the side of the rig in what the group called a peaceful protest against the "  slow but unrelenting destruction of the Arctic . " But Russian authorities accuse them of trying to commandeer the platform . The authorities and Gazprom also say the activists endangered the lives of the company 's employees and that their action could have led to an environmental disaster . Along with the hooliganism charges , the chief of Russia 's Investigative Committee , Vladimir Markin , said some members of the group could also be charged with using force against state officials , according to RIA Novosti . The defendants include Americans Peter Wilcox , who is the captain of the Arctic Sunrise , and Dmitry Litvinov , who Greenpeace says also holds Swedish citizenship . The other detainees are from Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , Denmark , Britain , New Zealand , Ukraine , Russia , France , Italy , Turkey , Finland , Switzerland , Poland , the United States and Sweden , the group said .	Russia drops piracy charge , adds new charge of hooliganism Greenpeace says charge still "  wildly disproportionate " 28 activists , two freelance journalists arrested in Barents Sea in September Arrested after two activists tried to scale a Gazprom oil rig
CNN  -- The American Civil Liberties Union has called on officials in Massachusetts and Florida to conduct independent investigations into the shooting death of a man by an FBI agent . Ibragim Todashev was fatally shot early May 22 during questioning about a 2011 triple homicide in Waltham , Massachusetts , as well as his relationship with deceased Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Law enforcement from Massachusetts and Florida as well as the FBI questioned Todashev at his Florida home . Details about the circumstances of Todashev 's death have been few , and the gaps have been filled in by media reports quoting unnamed law enforcement sources . The reports have raised the question about how much of a threat Todashev posed before being shot . Father : ` Unarmed ' son ` not crazy ' enough to attack FBI agent who killed him The FBI is conducting an investigation into the shooting , but the ACLU said that action is not enough . "  Florida officials are simply deferring to the FBI , allowing the FBI to investigate itself , but it is difficult to accept the FBI 's honesty in this matter , " Howard Simon , ACLU of Florida 's executive director , said in a statement Monday . "  The FBI has offered completely incompatible explanations ; they have failed to explain how these inconsistent stories found their way into newspaper accounts of the shootings , and have not offered any clarifying comment about what really happened . " The rights group sent a letter to Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley asking her office to investigate the role of officers from her state in the shooting . In Florida , the ACLU asked the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to investigate the role of Orlando police at the scene . A U.S. government official briefed on the FBI investigation told CNN in May that Todashev had agreed to talk to authorities and noted he was never arrested or handcuffed . Did missed connections in murder case open door to bombings ? A samurai sword was in the room when Todashev sat down with two Massachusetts State Police detectives and a Boston-based FBI agent , but it was moved out of his reach , the U.S. official said . After one of the detectives left the room , the other noticed Todashev was acting odd , and he texted that sense to the FBI agent with him -- the U.S. official told CNN . Those two law enforcement officials were the only ones with Todashev , according to this account . Suddenly , Todashev knocked over a table -- knocking the FBI agent back into a wall -- and came at him with some sort of "  long-handled object " that he 'd grabbed from behind him , according to the official . The agent fired a few rounds , but Todashev kept on coming , the official said . He finally stopped after yet more gunshots . A law enforcement official told CNN that Todashev attacked the FBI agent with a broom handle , not a sword . Official : Dead Boston bombing suspect involved in 2011 slayings	Ibragim Todashev questioned in May over links to one of the Boston bombing suspects Todashev was fatally shot by FBI agent during interrogation at his Florida house The ACLU wants independent investigations into Todashev 's death
Washington  CNN  -- Embattled Wisconsin Republican Gov. Scott Walker , an anti-union darling of the tea party and other fiscal conservatives , faces off Tuesday against Democratic Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett in a high-stakes recall election that politicos say could foreshadow the contentious November general contest . Recall vote is judgment day for Wisconsin governor The fight to recall Walker after only an 18-month tenure in office speaks to some in the blue-leaning state 's frustration over Republican-led efforts to keep unions in check . Walker and his GOP colleagues in the state legislature voted last January to restrict public employee unions ' collective bargaining rights and keep their raises -- except those of police and firefighters -- at inflation rates . Protests and a union backlash ensued along with efforts to recall Walker from office . Meet Scott Walker : From the archives , watch Gov. Walker in 2011 make his case : "  we do n't have any more money . ' Walker and his supporters argue that unions are making it difficult to take the steps needed to shrink the state 's mushrooming debt . Unions and their supporters counter that collective bargaining has helped ensure safe working conditions , fair treatment and wages and adequate health care . The deeply polarized Wisconsin recall race also pits Democrats and their Big Labor allies against Republicans and impassioned tea party supporters in a multi-million dollar showdown that 's drawn such political stars as former President Bill Clinton and Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , into the fray . A loss for either party in the close race could start a domino effect in swing states . As CNN 's Candy Crowley pointed out Monday in an analysis : If Walker sidesteps a recall , it would speak to conservative 's grassroots power , the waning power of unions -- which typically ally with Democrats -- and could further Romney 's efforts in the state . A Walker recall would mean conservatives were roundly chastised , the tea party suffered a blow and Obama has strong footing in Wisconsin .	Wisconsin votes on Tuesday to recall Gov. Scott Walker The vote pits Democrats and big unions against Republicans and fiscal conservatives The recall vote has taken on national importance for both parties
Witnesses are crediting a family 's German shepherd with shielding its owners from gunfire in an Atlanta road-rage incident . The Friday incident began with an altercation on an Atlanta road , according to CNN affiliate WXIA . The driver followed the family to a nearby strip mall and began shooting , according to an unnamed witness interviewed by the station . "  They just rolled right up , they pulled a gun out and started clapping , " the witness said , using a slang term for shooting . The witness said the dog jumped in front of one of the children and a woman in the car . Surveillance video captured the dog trotting off to die behind a nearby building , WXIA reported . "  They were fired upon and their family was terrorized , " Atlanta police Sgt.Gregory Lyon told the station . "  They survived that only to find that their pet is now gone . It 's sad for the whole family , especially the day after Thanksgiving . " No arrests had been made , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported Friday .	Dog shielded child and woman being attacked in a road rage incident , witness says Video shows injured dog going behind a building , where it died "  They were fired upon and their family was terrorized , " Atlanta police spokesman says
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica  CNN  -- Honduras ' interim government on Sunday rejected a proposal to reinstate ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya , ending a round of negotiations aimed at resolving the country 's political crisis . Jose Manuel Zelaya was ousted from the Honduran presidency on June 28 . The proposal had been presented by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , who was mediating the talks between the two Honduran sides at his home over the weekend . "  I 'm very sorry , but the proposal you presented -LSB- is -RSB- unacceptable by the government of Honduras that I represent , " Carlos Lopez , who was representing interim Honduran President Roberto Micheletti at the weekend negotiations , said of the proposal advanced by Arias . Representatives of Zelaya , who was ousted in a June 28 coup , said this marked the end of talks with Honduras ' interim government . The weekend 's talks were the second attempt by Arias to negotiate a resolution . He vowed Sunday to continue his mediation efforts . "  I want to take 72 hours to continue working , even more arduously this time , to see if we can really reach an agreement between the parties in this conflict , " Arias said . Arias expressed concern that violence could ignite in Honduras if the sides stop talking , and that a civil war could result . Shortly after announcing the end of the negotiations , Lopez indicated in an interview with CNN en Español that Micheletti 's delegation would be open to further talks in the future . At a news conference later Sunday , the head of the Organization of American States said he had been enthusiastic about the proposal advanced by Arias . "  We regret deeply the attitude of Micheletti , " said OAS Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza . "  I think -LSB- the proposal -RSB- was a good one . " The proposal , presented by Arias to both sides on Saturday , would have returned Zelaya to the Honduran presidency . It would also have compelled Zelaya to abandon efforts to modify the country 's presidential term limits . In remarks to reporters before starting Sunday 's talks , representatives of Zelaya said he accepted the seven-point proposal . Micheletti has said he would not accept Zelaya 's return as president , and remarks by Zelaya printed in a Brazilian newspaper contradicted Zelaya 's acceptance of the proposal , Micheletti negotiator Arturo Corrales said . In Sunday 's editions of the Folha newspaper , Zelaya was quoted in support of continuing with his push for a reform to term limits . "  We can not betray the people and abandon the process , " the paper quoted Zelaya as saying . "  Yesterday they said one thing , and today another , " Micheletti negotiator Corrales said , adding that Zelaya 's remarks broke the good faith behind the talks . The newspaper , however , noted that Zelaya was interviewed one day before he agreed to Arias ' seven-point proposal . Zelaya was removed from office June 28 in a military-led coup that has drawn international condemnation . Congressional leader Micheletti was sworn in hours later as provisional president . Micheletti and his supporters , including the Honduran supreme court , congress and the military , argue that the action was not a coup , but a constitutional transfer of power . Other steps proposed by Arias included moving up elections scheduled for late November , establishing a national unity government , providing amnesty for all political crimes and setting up an international commission to oversee implementation of the accord . Under Arias ' proposal , oversight of the Honduran military would have switched from the executive branch of government to the Supreme Electoral Tribunal one month before the elections . Delegations representing Zelaya and Micheletti also met at Arias ' home in Costa Rica last week but did not reach an accord . Zelaya , a leftist who took office in 2006 on a narrow victory , had been at odds with Honduran lawmakers , the country 's supreme court and the military over his attempts for a referendum . He sought the referendum , which he planned to hold last month , to see if voters wanted a measure on November 's ballot to establish a constitutional assembly to study whether a president could run for re-election . Under the current charter , a president can serve only one four-year term . Congress had forbidden the referendum and the supreme court ruled it illegal . The military declined to participate in its usual role of safeguarding the vote , saying it could not take part in an illegal act . Zelaya vowed to hold the vote anyway , but was toppled before the voting started .	Talks between Honduras ' interim government , ousted president end without deal Interim government 's representative : Proposal to reinstate Zelaya "  unacceptable " Zelaya had OK 'd proposal presented by Costa Rican president , who was mediating Zelaya was removed from office June 28 after he pushed for term-limit reform
CNN  Russia plans to send long-range bombers to the Gulf of Mexico in what appears to be Moscow 's latest provocative maneuver in its increasingly frosty relations with the West . Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said Wednesday that "  we have to maintain  Russia 's  military presence in the western Atlantic and eastern Pacific , as well as the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico " -- including sending bombers "  as part of the drills . " It 's an argument U.S. officials do n't seem to be buying . "  We do not see the security environment as warranting such provocative and potentially destabilizing activity , " a senior Obama administration official said Thursday . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki offered a similar response . "  We do n't think there is a current situation in the western Atlantic and eastern Pacific or the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico that warrants additional flights in out-of-area territory , " she told reporters . That 's not all . Shoigu said that Russia will also boost its security in Crimea , the region it annexed from Ukraine earlier this year . "  In many respects , this is connected with the situation in Ukraine , with fomentation of anti-Russian moods on the part of NATO and reinforcement of foreign military presence next to our border , " he said . The ceasefire in volatile eastern Ukraine is crumbling , with U.S. and allied officials accusing Moscow of sending fresh troops , tanks and other military equipment across the border in recent days -- something that Russian officials have strongly denied . But what does that have to do with the Gulf of Mexico , some 6,000 miles away ? The Russians are clearly trying to make a point with their plan to send bombers toward the Gulf of Mexico , said Jeffrey Mankoff , a fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . The message , he said , is "  connected to the tensions over Ukraine that have also affected the broader relationship . " "  It 's kind of a reciprocity , " Mankoff told CNN . "  They see us trying to muscle in on what they see as their sphere of influence .  Russia is likely thinking  , ` If they can do it to us , we can do it them . ' " Shoigu also said Russia will expand its presence in the Arctic region , which could affect Alaska and northern Canada . This includes full radar coverage of that region by year 's end , leaving Russia ready "  to meet unwanted guests " both from the north and east by 2015 , Shoigu said , according to a state-run TASS news agency report . That means Russia 's new drills will fly near most of America 's coastline , said Barry Pavel , an international security expert at the Washington-based Atlantic Council think tank . "  We 're talking about ringing the United States , with the exception of the Canadian border , where the Russian bombers do n't need to go , " Pavel said . It 's not as though the United States does n't have its own warplanes in places like Japan and Turkey , not to mention NATO air operations assisting Albania , Slovenia and Baltic nations . And Mankoff , who previously served as a U.S. State Department adviser on U.S.-Russia relations , notes that the U.S. military also sometimes flies not far from Russia -- also to send a message , as well as to test things like response times . "  It 's not necessarily anything to be overly alarmed about as long as the patrols stay in international airspace , " he said . And , as recently as June , U.S. fighter jets have intercepted Russian long-range bombers off Alaska and California . Those four Russian planes flew within an area 200 miles from the North American coast . Two peeled off and headed west , while the other two flew south and were intercepted by U.S. F-15s within 50 miles of the California coast . Capt. Jeff Davis , a spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  , said at the time that this was the first time U.S. jets intercepted Russian military aircraft off California in about two years . But such incidents generally are not uncommon , with Davis estimating that Russian flights fly into the so-called air defense zone -- the area 200 miles from the U.S. coast but not within the 13.8 miles that international law would define as U.S. territory -- 10 times a year . Yet there are signs that Russia has stepped up its military provocations as of late , some of which the European Leadership Network documented earlier this week . Russian provocations on the rise : Is it a new Cold War ? Last month , the Swedish military searched for a mystery underwater vessel after intercepting an emergency radio call in Russian and getting reports about a foreign vessel being spotted in the waters near Stockholm . Though no vessel was found , it was the largest submarine hunt in Swedish waters since the end of the Cold War . In September , the United States intercepted six Russian planes , including fighter jets and tankers , in airspace near Alaska , officials said . The same month , an Estonian official was abducted from a border post , taken to Moscow and accused of espionage , sparking dueling claims between the two nations . The uptick in incidents have raised concerns about safety -- and about military and geopolitical issues , Pavel said . "  Russia  is  flexing its military muscle , identifying the United States and NATO as the enemy . That feeling is not reciprocated , but we have a Russia that is starting to throw its military weight around , and in some ways , looking for provocations , " he said . "  I think this could be very dangerous , and create a crisis , where one did n't need to exist . " And not only have the encounters escalated , so have the risks . In March , a covert Russian military plane nearly collided with a Swedish passenger aircraft carrying 132 people . The "  real danger " of new Russian flights near the American coast is that an accident actually happens or things "  get a little bit out of hand . " Russian bombers fly near California "  If there 's a collision or if somebody overreacted , " Mankoff said , that could inflame U.S.-Russia tensions even further . He recalled a 2001 incident , in which a U.S. spy plane collided with a Chinese fighter jet before making an emergency landing inside China . That episode shook up relations between Beijing and Washington . During the Cold War , Soviet warplanes were more frequent in areas around the United States . But Mankoff noted that changed with the fall of the Soviet Union , in part because of cost . Things slowly changed as Russia took shape , long before Ukraine became an issue . And there 's also interest in Moscow in having close ties with its allies in the Americas , such as Venezuela . "  When I was in government four or five years ago , when there was definitely concern that this was becoming more frequent even then , " Mankoff said of about Russian military provocations . "  This is n't happening out of the blue . " Still , there 's no doubt that the Ukraine crisis is the driving wedge in U.S.-Russia relations at this point . A ceasefire deal reached in September has seemingly crumbled , with intensified fighting of late between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian rebels . Those rebels have been joined by Russian troops , tanks , artillery and air defense systems that have recently crossed the border , according to U.S. Gen. Phillip Breedlove , NATO 's commander for Europe . ` Unusual ' Russian flights concern NATO On Thursday , Ukrainian defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko said there 's been "  constant movement of Russian military equipment with  separatist  marks to the dividing line . " Yet Russia , as it 's done time and again , is knocking down any claims that it has troops inside Ukrainian territory . "  I am telling you very frankly and officially as well : There are no military forces or any military movement across the border , and moreover there is no presence of our troops in the territory of  southeast  Ukraine , " foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Lukhashevich said . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Jennifer Rizzo , Kevin Liptak , Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	U.S. official : Plan is "  provocative and potentially destabilizing " Russia : Patrols could include the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico That would bring the flights close to U.S. territorial waters Russia sending a message over U.S. actions in Ukraine , analyst says
CNN  -- In our country , lawyers and judges regulate their own markets . The upshot is that getting legal help is enormously expensive and out of reach for the vast majority of Americans . Anyone faced with a contract dispute , family crisis , foreclosure or eviction must pay a lawyer with a JD degree to provide service one-on-one in the same way lawyers have done business for hundreds of years . Increasingly , the only "  persons " with access to legal help are "  artificial persons " -- corporations , organizations and governments . No wonder that in a 2010 New York study , it was shown 95 % of people in housing court are unrepresented . The same is true in consumer credit and child support cases ; 44 % of people in foreclosures are representing themselves -- against a well-represented bank , no small number of whom engaged in robo-signing and sued people based on faulty information . These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg . For every person who is unrepresented in court there are probably tens of thousands who did n't have any legal advice when they did the things that landed them in hot water in the first place . Who can afford $ 200 to $ 300 an hour to get advice on local small business regulations , the fine print in a mortgage document , or how not to make mistakes that will cost you in court when fighting over kids and money with your soon-to-be ex-spouse ? Some legal professionals have called for more public money for legal aid clinics and courts to provide free legal help and for lawyers to do more pro bono work . But the demand for ordinary legal help is simply too massive to meet with increased court funding , legal aid or pro bono work . I believe there is no way to help ordinary people with their legal problems without fundamentally changing the way lawyers and judges regulate the practice of law . What we need are more efficient ways of delivering legal help and less expensive nonlawyers who can provide legal assistance . Supreme court judges in every state have the authority to accomplish this with the stroke of a pen . The root of the crisis of access to justice is the scale of the problem . Here 's a little back-of-the-envelope arithmetic . Using data from surveys conducted by the ABA and state bar associations , I estimate that , at any given time , roughly half of all American households are dealing with about two legal problems each -- evictions , divorces , bankruptcies , denials of health care benefits , and so on . Giving these American households just one hour of help from a lawyer to manage a maze of legal documents and court procedures would cost close to $ 20 billion . This does n't even consider the cost of what clients want most from lawyers -- advice about how to avoid legal problems . Including this service would add additional tens if not hundreds of billions of dollars . That 's why the only way to increase access to justice is to expand the group of people and organizations that can provide legal help beyond JD-trained and licensed lawyers . Authorized nonlawyers and organizations could help ease our overburdened courts in many ways . Each year , 2.3 million New Yorkers , for example , represent themselves in state courts . These litigants do not want to be in court or to manage their problems alone , but have no other practical choice . They frequently labor under huge misunderstandings about legal procedures , requirements and forms . Oodles of judges and lawyers have complained about the delays and complications these misunderstandings create . Imagine how much more efficient the court would be if the unrepresented could obtain low-cost legal assistance from people expert enough to help them navigate the process . Especially if those people were using the systems and protocols developed by a large-scale company , maybe even online . It does n't take high-level legal expertise to advise a person facing eviction for unpaid rent that if she wants to contend that her apartment has no heating and the ceiling is falling down , she should bring some photographs or other evidence to court to back up her claim . The same applies to people who need to understand what the arcane legal language in a court order or rule means . There are many basic issues that could be handled by nonlawyers . Allowing nonlawyers to work for businesses that invest and specialize in giving this kind of help would supercharge the potential for reducing the cost of legal help . The use of non-JD legal assistants and nonlawyer dominated businesses is not a venture into uncharted waters . The United Kingdom has a long history of allowing a wide variety of differently trained individuals and organizations provide legal assistance , and studies show that the practice works very well . In many cases , people are better served by a nonlawyer organization that specializes in a particular type of legal help -- navigating housing or bankruptcy matters , for example -- than they are by a solo practitioner with a general practice . Furthermore , when people have access to lower-cost alternatives to full-fledged attorneys , they use these resources . In practical terms , that means that only 5 % to 10 % ignore their legal issues in the United Kingdom . Compare that to New York , where significant majorities of low-income households with legal problems -- 65 % with housing problems , 59 % with financial issues , 50 % with health insurance problems -- do nothing in response to their problems . But as often is the case , untreated problems lead to worse problems -- and bigger headaches for our courts . For too long , the legal profession has focused on legal aid , pro bono and charitable assistance as the solution to the crisis in access to justice . The approach is admirable , but futile . Solving the problem requires lawyers -- especially those on the bench who bear the ultimate responsibility for regulating the profession -- to share the field with other , less-expensive , non-JD professionals and nonlawyer dominated organizations who can provide perfectly adequate legal help in many cases . America 's legal profession is in dire need of reform ; it 's time for those in leadership positions to step up . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gillian Hadfield .	Gillian Hadfield : Getting legal help is enormously expensive in the U.S. Hadfield : Lawyers , judges must change the way they regulate practice of law She says we need less expensive nonlawyers who can provide legal assistance Hadfield : Lower-cost alternative to full-fledged attorneys is the solution
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Two satellites , one Russian and one American , have collided some 800 kilometers  500 miles  above Siberia , the Russian and U.S. space agencies , said Thursday . Debris from the collision poses no threat to the International Space Station . The collision on Tuesday produced two large debris clouds , NASA said . The satellites collided at 10 kilometers  6 miles  per second , producing 500-600 new pieces of space debris , the U.S. Strategic Command said . That debris is not believed to pose a threat to the International Space Station as long as the clouds continue moving in a lower orbit , according to NASA and the Russian federal space agency , Roscosmos . "  There is some elevated risk , but it is considered to be very small to the ISS and to the other satellites that NASA has in orbit , " NASA spokeswoman Beth Dickey told CNN . She said experts were still assessing the effects of the debris . Mikhail Martirosov , from Russian mission control center , told Interfax news agency that the real threat from the debris will become obvious next week , once experts can calculate the trajectory of the fragments ' descent . "  We have not received a warning of the possible danger to the ISS . The fragments may descend to the ISS orbit in several years , although I do not rule out that some fragments may go down within several days , " Martirosov said . The Russian satellite was launched in 1993 and had been out of service at the time of the collision , Roscosmos said . The U.S. satellite was part of the Iridium global mobile communications system and is owned by a consortium headed by Motorola , the space agency said . It was launched in 1997 . Iridium said in a statement Wednesday it "  expects to implement a network solution by Friday , " and will "  move one of its in-orbit spare satellites into the network constellation to permanently replace the lost satellite " within the next 30 days . CNN is "  one of the larger non-government users " of Iridium , said Arnie Christianson , operations manager for CNN Satellites and Transmission . "  We do rely on it for communication in high-risk areas like Iraq , Afghanistan , and other remote locations , " he said . "  Because of this collision , there may be a slightly longer hole in the coverage from one satellite to the next , but only in a very small area and for a very small amount of time . This is a collision , not an internal failure of the satellite or the system . " The satellite crash may result in "  brief , occasional outages " that may slightly disrupt service , Iridium said in the statement , adding "  this event is not the result of a failure on the part of Iridium or its technology . " Christianson questioned how U.S. government , which tracks all space junk larger than a football , did n't see this coming . But he said the system will continue to work without any noticeable problems . A representative of Iridium could not immediately be reached for comment . NASA 's Dickey said a collision like this one is very rare . "  This is the first impact between two intact satellites traveling at hypervelocity , " she said . "  There have been some other occasions when things have accidentally collided in space , but they have been parts of rockets or parts of satellites and  produced  a very small cloud . " Major Regina Winchester , of the U.S. Strategic Command , said : "  Space is getting pretty crowded . The fact that this has n't happened before -- maybe we were getting a little bit lucky . " Winchester said Strategic Command tracks more than 18,000 pieces of manmade objects in space every day . "  Any time there 's an event that creates more debris , it 's a concern , " she said . "  All countries who have assets in space are going to be concerned simply because when there 's more debris , there 's a higher chance it 's going to hit something . " CNN 's Yuri Pushkin in Moscow and Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report	One Russian and one U.S. satellite collide at 10 km per second Collision is believed to be the first of its kind NASA spokesman quoted as saying crash produced massive debris cloud Wreckage from collision expected to burn up in the Earth 's atmosphere
CNN  -- Lindsay Spencer was two years out of college and facing one of the biggest decisions of her young life : what to do with those Facebook friend requests from people she met through her job . Blurring work and personal friendships is prompting Lindsay Spencer to maintain separate Facebook pages . "  There 's nothing on my personal page that 's horrible , " says the 24-year-old communications coordinator for the National Peanut Board in Atlanta , Georgia . "  It 's just that there are some things that are not work-appropriate . " Many of the job-related friend requests came after meeting people at conferences . Eventually they would find her by searching on Facebook and request to be "  friended . " Initially Spencer decided to ignore the requests . After all , does a virtual stranger really care what her favorite movies are ? Do they really benefit from learning details about her weekend leisure time ? Spencer 's answer was to create a second Facebook page , which she devotes to work-related information . This means she now has her "  friend friends , " about 400 of them , and then she has her "  work friends , " four , so far . Spencer 's modern dilemma is becoming more common throughout the world , experts say , as friendships with co-workers extend to our lives spent online after work hours . Simultaneously , our computer time at the office is becoming an extension of our personal life , they say . ` Work takes place in more places now ' This is n't necessarily a bad thing , says Paul Levinson , professor of communication and media studies at Fordham University in New York . "  No one ever forces us to go online -- we can shut it off , " he says . "  What this is really all about is an increase in information sharing . " And with the popularity of smartphones and other handheld devices , many people carry their work into their homes and are never separated from e-mail . They also have the ability to stay in constant touch with their favorite social networking sites . "  There is increasingly less difference in work life and personal time , " Levinson says . "  We are coming from a time when there were very clear boundaries . That comes from an older expectation . Work takes place in more places now . " And again , Levinson does n't think it 's a bad thing to have access to all this information about work and co-workers . Spencer , who has friended her manager but not her big boss , says she likes to think her co-workers are sensible enough not to put out too much information -- especially photographs -- on social networking sites . And so far , so good . There have been no embarrassing images of drunken escapades , no status updates erupting with emotional outbursts . Social networking sites have both good and bad uses in the business world , says Dr. Lynn Friedman , a clinical psychologist and adjunct faculty member at Johns Hopkins University . Face time vs. Facebook time People can use the sites to make new acquaintances outside their departments and groups , and users can extend their networks beyond the traditional workplace , she says in an interview by e-mail . "  It 's a way to enter new professional galaxies . " But people can use the sites too much and as a consequence give less time to meeting with co-workers in person . "  In most businesses , it 's optimal to mix social networking with real-life face-to-face interaction , " she writes . "  However , social networking can provide a springboard for identifying kindred spirits with whom one might want to do something old-fashioned like , say , having a cup of coffee . In an ideal world , it 's best to relate to others in both cyber and real space . " Paula Pile , a psychologist who practices in North Carolina , says you need to be careful to make sure that social networking sites are n't encroaching on your office time . More than an hour a day is excessive , she warns . Worse , spending too much time on the sites can disrupt your balance between work and private time . It can also take you out of your family time with your spouse or children . "  If you are spending two hours at home on them each night , you are not available to your family , " she says . Set boundaries Both psychologists advise setting boundaries between yourself and the people you work with , as well as your online "  friends . " Friedman also suggests setting goals for using social networking sites and telling others about your limits to avoid hurt feelings . She uses an example of someone who lets people know , "  I do n't do those things at nights or on weekends so I can have my time with family . " And Pile says to consider who you 're corresponding with during your work time . If they are n't people you would talk to in "  real life , " she says , you probably are wasting time .	Do job-related Facebook friends really need to know details of your personal life ? Facebook user decided to separate her "  friend friends " and her "  work friends " Expert : More than one hour per day on social sites is too much Set goals for how you use sites and make your friends aware of them
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- John Travolta , still in mourning over the death of his teenage son earlier this year , issued a rare public statement urging fans to see his latest movie , "  The Taking of Pelham 123 , " which he filmed last year . John Travolta stars as a villainous ex-inmate in "  The Taking of Pelham 123 , " which opens in theaters Friday . "  I promise , you wo n't be disappointed , " said Travolta , who plays a deranged ex-inmate who takes hostages on a New York subway . Travolta did not join co-star Denzel Washington in the promotional tour for the movie -- which hits theaters Friday -- because he said his family needed "  additional time to reconcile our loss . " His son Jett , 16 , was found unconscious on January 2 while on vacation with his family in the Bahamas . The teen was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said . Washington , who plays a subway train dispatcher forced to face down Travolta 's character , said he talked to the actor about three weeks ago . "  Needless to say , he 's struggling , " Washington said in an interview last week . Travolta 's statement , which can be read on his official Web site , said Washington , director Tony Scott and the producers "  stepped up without hesitation to help promote this wonderful film , and their unselfish efforts have allowed my family the additional time to reconcile our loss . " Making the movie was "  a labor of love , " Travolta said . "  Tony gave me the freedom to define , and then to become , the ultimate evil mastermind , " he said . "  This role as an actor gave me the chance to dispense with all moral and ethical limitations , and explore just how bad this character could really be . I believe you will like the result . " Much of the movie is a dialogue between Washington and Travolta 's character over a two-way radio . Many of the action shots were filmed in New York subway tunnels .	John Travolta releases statement on his Web site about "  The Taking of Pelham 123 " Travolta , still mourning son 's death , praised colleagues for "  unselfish efforts " Travolta 's son Jett died in January during family vacation
"  I am Trayvon Martin " has become the catchphrase for protesters expressing solidarity with the slain Florida teenager and outrage over his killing . Even President Barack Obama declared , "  If I had a son , he would look like Trayvon . " But who really was Trayvon Martin ? There is plenty of speculation , including some bloggers who point to his recent school suspensions -- including for drug residue in his backpack -- and images of him sporting tattoos and a what appeared to be a gold tooth grill as possible evidence of a troubled teen . That portrayal is in stark contrast to the accounts from his family , friends , and teachers who described Martin as an average 17-year-old . "  He was a shy kid , " said family friend and former football coach Jerome Horton . "  He did n't want to be the center of attention ; that 's just not him . "  He always walked with his hoodie and his headphones , " recalled Horton . "  If he was n't on the phone , he was listening to music -- anyone that knows him knows that . " Just like most any other teenager , Martin enjoyed listening to music -- R&B was his favorite -- going to the movies and the roller rink with his friends , friends and family said . When Martin entered high school , his childhood goals of a career on the football field were replaced with his dreams of working with airplanes . "  He just loves getting on planes , " said his father Tracy Martin . During the summer of 2009 , his parents -- who separated when Martin was 11 , but shared custody -- enrolled their 14-year-old son in "  Experience Aviation , " a nonprofit program in Opa-Locka , Florida , that introduces young people to aviation . The seven-week program is the brainchild of Barrington Irving , the youngest person ever -- and the first black pilot -- to fly solo around the world , a feat he accomplished in 2007 at the age of 23 . Irving remembered Martin as "  a polite kid " who enjoyed flying . "  When I first met Trayvon he had a strong interest in football . He reminded me of myself because I had a strong interest in football until I fell in love with aviation , " said Irving . After graduating from the program , Martin spent the following summer as a volunteer , assisting new students enrolled in the aviation program . During high school , Martin also volunteered his time at the concession stand at Forzano Park where he played football since age 5 , on a team coached by Horton and his father . "  He would literally go to school and from school he would go to the park to volunteer to maybe about 8 , 9 o'clock and go home , " said Horton . "  That was Trayvon 's day , his week . " Martin 's mother transferred him from Miami 's Carol City High School to Dr. Michael M. Krop High School , closer to her home . "  He was doing average in school , a little bit better when he was at Carol City and then I had him transferred , " Sybrina Fulton said , according to the Miami Herald . "  I thought Krop was a better school and I wanted a different environment for him . My oldest son has graduated from there . " In his junior year at Krop , Martin 's favorite subject was math , according to his father . "  He was just an average student , " he said . At Krop , Martin was suspended three times , according to records obtained by the Miami Herald , once for writing graffiti on a door and another time for school truancy . The third suspension took place the week of his death . Martin was suspended for 10 days due to drug residue being found in his backpack . In an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Sybrina Fulton responded to her son 's suspension : "  Whatever he had dealings with the school , it was not criminal , it was not violent , he 's never been arrested . " Darrell Green , a fellow football player and close friend , said Martin was no different from any other teen . "  Everybody gets in trouble , " said Green , "  Everybody goes through it . " Green remembered Martin as a "  positive person " and a "  good friend . " During the 10-day suspension , Tracy Martin took his son with him to Sanford , about four hours away from Miami , while he visited his fiancée because neither he nor Fulton wanted their son to stay in his hometown where he could enjoy his friends , said Horton , who has been in close contact with Martin 's father . "  He was n't just suspended from school and up at Sanford kicking it and having a good time , " said Horton . Martin had only been to Sanford a handful of times . His fateful walk to the convenience store for a bag of Skittles and an iced tea on the evening of February 26 happened only because the teenager pleaded to leave the apartment , said Horton . "  The only reason he got a chance to go to the store is because he begged his dad to go , " he said . At the time , his father and his fiancée had gone out to dinner and to watch a basketball game , leaving Martin at the townhouse , according to Martin family spokesman Ryan Julison . While walking to the store , Martin was on the phone with his girlfriend , whom he had been talking to for over 6 1/2 hours throughout the day , the family 's attorney said , citing phone records . The girl , who did not want to be identified , said she told Martin to run , but he refused , the family attorney said . "  What are you stopping me for ? " Martin asked a man later identified as neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman , according to the girl . "  What are you doing around here ? " Zimmerman asked in response . The girl said she then got the impression that an altercation was taking place and that someone had pushed Martin , because the headset fell out of his ear , and the phone shut off . Moments later , Martin was shot and killed . The details of what happened are still murky . Zimmerman has said through his legal adviser that he acted in self-defense after Martin attacked him . The family disputes that , and witness accounts vary . Fulton told CNN 's Piers Morgan that she believes Zimmerman "  hunted my son like an animal . " The teen 's killing has captivated the nation 's attention , with some saying this shooting of an unarmed teenager has exposed underlying racism . Some also feel that it 's better to wait on the evidence before rushing to judgment on what happened that night . . Others decry the "  stand your ground " law that allowed Zimmerman to walk away free of any criminal charges . As these broader issues continue to dominate the news headlines , the only thing that is certain is that Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin have lost their son . When asked for one word to describe Trayvon Martin , Sybrina Fulton chose "  lovable , " adding , "  I miss his smile . " Asked what he would say to Zimmerman if he had a chance to speak to him , Tracy Martin had many questions : "  I would ask him why did he in fact pick out my son , what was going through his mind that night ? " Martin told Piers Morgan . " -LSB- Did -RSB- he realize he 's destroyed an innocent child 's life ? My son had a future . My son was not one of these thugs in the night . "  I would ask him , why did he in fact take my son 's life and how does he feel about taking my son 's life ? "	Trayvon Martin was a typical teen and an average student , his friends and parents say He loved football , airplanes , and R&B music Martin was suspended from school , but his mother said his misbehavior was not violent "  My son had a future . My son was not one of these thugs in the night , " Tracy Martin said .
CNN  -- The financial world is in an uproar about the New York Times opinion piece by Greg Smith , a former vice president in Goldman Sachs ' equity derivatives business . As a former vice president in Goldman Sachs ' equity derivatives business who also made it into The Times when I quit , I ca n't help but feel a bit upstaged . Part of my resentment comes from the fact that Smith is being touted as a high-level defector from the notoriously secretive ranks of Goldman Sachs . But calling Smith a senior Goldman executive , as many media outlets do , misunderstands the nature of titles at investment banks . Smith was an "  executive director and head of the firm 's United States equity derivatives business in Europe , the Middle East and Africa , " which certainly sounds fancy . But , as the firm took pains to point out in response to the article , there are 12,000 employees with the title of "  vice president "  in the U.S.  or its international equivalent , "  executive director . " As for being head of that particular business , well , pretty much everyone at any investment bank is the head of some business or another . Clients prefer to deal with the head of a business , so senior bankers are practiced in introducing even their most junior colleagues as the head of something or other . My own semi-official titles -- among others , "  vice president and head of the equity derivatives business for the North American energy industry " -- were as impressive as Smith 's , but what I rarely mentioned was that that business consisted of me and one junior analyst . Smith 's business lacked even the analyst ! More important , though , it is a mistake to read Smith 's piece as a scandalous revelation of the decline of Wall Street culture . Goldman exec quits , calling firm ` toxic ' Yes , there was once a time when big investment banks made most of their money by advising clients on mergers and capital raising , rather than by trading with clients . And yes , those times are long gone . But they were long gone when Smith started . And he was in the derivatives sales business , which has always and necessarily been a business in which Goldman is on one side of a trade and its clients -- or , in the more neutral term popular in such businesses , "  customers " -- are on the other . Each dollar that Goldman makes comes directly out of its client 's pockets . Of course , Smith 's clients , who included some of the largest hedge funds and asset managers in the world , knew this . They did not come to Smith for impartial advice about their personal and professional problems . Rather they came to him to execute trades at attractive prices and for trade ideas , ideas that they hoped would make them money but that they certainly expected would make Goldman money . Thus , worries that clients will flee Goldman are overblown . Goldman 's clients know that the firm is trying to make money off of them -- and they know that every other bank is trying to do the exact same thing . They are not looking for charity . They are looking for good ideas and good execution , and the bank that provides those benefits will continue to get business . One question on everyone 's mind is : Why now ? March is a customary time to quit , since Smith 's 2011 bonus check will have cleared , but why did it take him 12 years to figure out that Goldman 's culture was rotten ? After all , Matt Taibbi and the SEC have been saying similar things for years . One possible answer is that Smith is part of a broader exodus . The past year has seen many departures by Goldman Sachs partners , including Smith 's boss ' boss ' boss ' bosses , David Heller and Ed Eisler . Those career traders are unlikely to have left because they felt sad for clients . Instead , the widespread speculation is that they left because the money is n't good enough . Average pay at Goldman was down 15 % in 2011 , albeit to a still-healthy $ 367,000 per employee . Stricter regulations on proprietary trading and higher capital requirements will probably reduce profitability -- and pay -- for years to come . Investment banking and trading are difficult businesses ; bankers work long hours , travel frequently and are under intense pressure . Smith is hardly the first banker to worry about whether his work makes the world a better place . Working at an investment bank involves trading off those negatives -- stress , hours and a nagging sense of unfulfilled purpose -- against the positive aspects of the job , which can be loosely summarized as "  huge paychecks . " When that balance changes , a good trader re-evaluates his position . Expect to see more departures from Goldman and its peer firms in the coming months . But do n't take too seriously the idea that they 're leaving because they 're sick of making money off of clients . More likely , they 're leaving because they 're sick of not making as much money off of clients as they used to . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Levine .	Greg Smith , former Goldman Sachs employee , writes in New York Times that he quits Matt Levine : Media outlets misunderstand the nature of titles at investment banks He says it is a mistake to read Smith 's piece as a revelation of the decline of Wall Street culture Levine : If more bankers leave , it 's probably because they 're not making as much as before
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military on Tuesday continued its deadly campaign of airstrikes against alleged militant hideouts in the country 's northwest , a week after the government 's peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban broke down . The series of recent bombing raids in a region considered a stronghold for extremist groups has killed scores of people and raised the question of whether a broader offensive is afoot . "  Reportedly , 30 terrorists were killed in early morning airstrikes on militants ' hideouts , " the military said in a statement Tuesday . The strikes were carried out in the Shawal Valley , which lies between North and South Waziristan , loosely governed tribal areas that border Afghanistan . They also targeted the village of Ghariom in North Waziristan , the military said . The strikes demolished some hideouts , military officials said . The area is dangerous and hard for journalists to reach , making it difficult to independently verify the military 's account or to determine if any civilians have been killed or wounded . On February 19 , the military carried out airstrikes in tribal areas that it said killed 15 people in North Waziristan and seven people in Khyber agency , another tribal area . "  Foreign fighters " were among those killed , it said . More airstrikes took place in the northwest over the weekend , targeting militants in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province and the tribal areas . The military said the weekend strikes killed 38 people . Thousands of residents of the tribal areas have been fleeing the area amid the intensifying violence . About 36,000 individuals have fled North and South Waziristan in the past month , said Arshad Khan , the director general of the tribal areas ' Disaster Management Authority . Many of them have been taking refuge in Bannu , a district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province that borders the tribal areas , he said . The Pakistani government said last week it had indefinitely suspended peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban . The talks , between Taliban intermediaries and a government-appointed committee , lasted for about 13 days . But the militant group carried out several deadly attacks targeting security forces and civilians during that time , including the execution of 23 abducted members of Pakistan 's Frontier Corps , prompting the government to halt the negotiations . The military has stepped up its attacks on militant groups since then . Deepening the mistrust on the Pakistani Taliban side , a leading member of the group was killed in a shooting in North Waziristan earlier this week , said Shahidullah Shahid , a Taliban spokesman . He blamed the Pakistani military intelligence agency and the CIA for the killing of Asmatullah Shaheen Battani , who briefly served as interim leader of the Pakistani Taliban last year after the group 's former chief Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a U.S. drone strike . The Pakistani military declined to comment Wednesday on the Taliban 's accusations . A senior Pakistani government official on Tuesday told CNN 's Jim Sciutto that the military was engaged in an offensive in North Waziristan to try to push the Haqqani network , an insurgent force affiliated with the Taliban and al Qaeda , out of Pakistan and across the border into Afghanistan . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . Journalists Adeel Raja , Saleem Mehsud and Zahir Shah Sherazi , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	The latest strikes hit loosely governed tribal regions that border Afghanistan They come after peace talks with the Taliban broke down last week The military has carried out a series of recent airstrikes that have killed scores A Pakistani official says the military is trying to push the Haqqani network out of Pakistan
CNN  -- Florida A&M University band director Julian White , who had been under pressure to step aside after the hazing-related death of a band member , is retiring , his attorney announced Thursday . White , 71 , is stepping down just days after 13 people were charged in connection with the November 2011 hazing death of FAMU Marching 100 drum major Robert Champion . White was placed on paid administrative leave shortly after Champion 's death . FAMU 's board of trustees is scheduled to meet on May 14 to discuss the future of the band . Champion , 26 , died within an hour of his being badly beaten during a hazing incident on a band bus following a football game in Orlando , Florida . The ritual , called "  Crossing Bus C , " is an initiation process in which pledges attempt to run down the center aisle while being assaulted by senior members , according to some university band members . An autopsy found "  extensive contusions of his chest , arms , shoulder and back , " and "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat , " medical examiners reported . As recently as last week , White had asked for full reinstatement as director of the famed university band . White , who had been with FAMU for 40 years , had tried to root out hazing for the past 22 years , his attorney Chuck Hobbs said . "  Dr. White remains disappointed that barely 48 hours after meeting with band members , that Robert Champion was killed in an extreme , horrific and illegal act of bullying , " Hobbs said in an earlier statement . The death prompted the university board of trustees to approve an anti-hazing plan that includes an independent panel of experts to investigate . Currently , 13 people are charged in Champion 's death , 11 are facing felony hazing charges and two others are charged with misdemeanor hazing . Champion 's death brought renewed public scrutiny to the practice of hazing , which has gone on for years despite what the Tallahassee university said were efforts to stop it . Champion 's mother , Pam , has called for the FAMU band to be disbanded . "  They need to clean out the filth to move forward . How can they allow the band out there ? " she said last week . "  They have n't done anything to safeguard students -- certainly not my son . My son was murdered . "	FAMU 's band director steps down after 40 years Board of trustees plan to meet next week to discuss band 's fate FAMU drum major Robert Champion died after a November hazing incident Thirteen people have been charged in his death
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration on Friday ordered re-testing of all radiation-emitting full-body scanners after an internal review showed calculation errors , missing data and other discrepancies on paperwork by contractors who routinely check the machines ' radiation levels . As recently as Wednesday , the agency vouched for the safety of the machines , with Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano telling a Senate committee that independent studies concluded the machines are "  more then safe . " "  The amount of radiation is approximately  the same as that received  as two minutes in the air , " Napolitano said . The TSA reiterated that position Friday , characterizing problems as "  record-keeping errors . " But Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , said the TSA found problems with more than one-quarter of the reports it reviewed , "  including gross errors about radiation emissions . " "  That is completely unacceptable when it comes to monitoring radiation , " Collins said . "  If TSA contractors reporting on the radiation levels have done such a poor job , how can airline passengers and crew have confidence in the data used by the TSA to reassure the public ? " The TSA said all "  backscatter " full body scanners will be re-tested by the end of March , the TSA said . It will also require contractors to re-train machine testers , while increasing TSA oversight over the tests . Further , the TSA said it would ask the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health  NIOSH  to update its 2008 report . The announcements came as the TSA , responding to public pressure , posted raw data about radiation tests on its website . The agency also promised to post all future radiation checks on the web site for public review . The TSA said its internal review looked at randomly selected reports generated over the last two years at 15 airports . The tests are conducted by manufacturers and contractors . "  These reports confirm that each piece of technology reviewed meets all national safety standards , " the TSA said . But , the TSA said , the reports contained "  inaccuracies . " Those inaccuracies included "  calculation errors not impacting safety , " no reading of background radiation levels , and missing "  non-measurement related information . " TSA spokesman Nicholas Kimball said Friday that numerous independent tests have confirmed that body scanners are safe , "  but these record-keeping errors are not acceptable . " "  We 're taking a number of steps to ensure the mistakes are n't repeated and the public will be able to see for themselves by reviewing all future reports online , " Kimball said . Marc Rotenberg , president of a privacy rights group and a critic of the full-body scanners , said the latest development is "  more evidence " that the TSA should suspend use of the machines . A House government oversight subcommittee will hold a hearing on TSA oversight of the full-body scanners on Wednesday .	The TSA characterizes problems as "  record-keeping errors " A senator says the TSA found problems with a quarter of reports reviewed A House subcommittee will hold a hearing on TSA oversight of the scanners next week
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The war in Afghanistan may no longer be forgotten but the true victims always are . Having been denied healthcare and education under the Taliban , Afghan women are now training as midwives Women and children in the landlocked Asian country have continuously paid the ultimate price throughout the decades of conflict and war . It is their lives that are considered not precious enough to save . A woman here dies every 29 minutes due to childbirth complications , according to the United Nations Development Fund for Women  UNIFEM  -- one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the world . One in four children die before they reach the age of five because of the lack of health care and medical facilities in their cities and villages . But ignorance is also deadly . Misguided cultural pride prevents men from allowing their women to see a doctor , merely because the doctor could be male . And in many cases , it 's not just women who die from childbirth-related issues . It is young girls forced into marriage before they even reach puberty . Their still-forming bodies can not handle the complications of childbirth . But there are women in Afghanistan stepping up within the crowds of the forgotten and pushing past the barriers . They are training as midwives across the country to help bring change and save lives . "  A woman can help a woman more , " midwifery student Fariha Ibrahimi told CNN . "  We have to introduce them with what to do , what foods to eat , how to take care of themselves . " -LSB- We -RSB- tell their husbands how to treat them . There are some husbands who beat their wives to the point where they can no longer even get pregnant . " At the Ibni Sina Balkhi Midwifery Training Center in Kabul , dozens of future midwives study and practise in the hope of bringing a brighter future to their countrywomen . "  It 's very heartbreaking , " Ibrahimi said of the situation women face . "  Afghanistan has gone through so much war and most girls were not allowed to get an education , so I want to study and bring forth something new . " Sympathy for Afghan women is the strongest motivating force among students in this field : Many know personally what is like to live in a society where pregnant women are ignored and forgotten . "  We live in an area where we are far from any clinic or hospital and there are a lot of difficulties there for pregnant women , " Nourzia , a student and mother , told CNN . "  It 's very difficult for them to reach a hospital . This is why I was so keen in learning this profession and helping these women ; so in the future they are in less danger . " All the women here are training with the permission and support of their families . They are leading the way to a brighter tomorrow for Afghan women -- one that may one day catch up with the rest of the world . "  The world is moving forward and he did n't want me to sit around jobless , " said future midwife , Maurina whose husband is supportive of her new career . "  He wanted me to push ahead in this field , especially a field in which our people need help in . " There are still many obstacles left and these women are still in the minority . According to the World Health Organization there are only about 2,000 trained midwives servicing Afghanistan 's population of just under 33 million . But that is a giant leap from just eight years ago when most women were denied an education , medical care and the basic necessities of survival under the Taliban regime . It will take many years to change mindsets instilled by decades of brutality . But these women prove that maybe , just maybe , the next generation can fix the mistakes of the last .	Afghanistan has one of the highest rates of maternal and infant mortality in the world A woman dies in childbirth every 29 minutes , one in four children die before age 5 In Kabul , dozens of women are now studying to become midwives to help save lives
CNN  Nigerians are scheduled to head to the polls this Saturday in what will be the most closely watched elections in Africa this year . The poll will test the strength of an electoral process that has been marred by violence and flawed results throughout the country 's short democratic history . The stakes are high , and there is a very real danger of prolonged violence across the country if the electorate questions the legitimacy of the outcome . The conduct of the elections will have long lasting repercussions on both Nigerians and the U.S.-Nigeria relationship . Against the backdrop of these elections is the ongoing threat and destabilization caused by Boko Haram , a group that has killed more than 10,000 people in northeastern Nigeria during its five-year campaign of terror , and kidnapped hundreds more , including young girls . These actions have shocked and horrified Americans . What many Americans may not recognize is how important the relationship with Nigeria is for the United States . We have economic and security interests that are at stake in this election , especially as Nigeria has been one of our strongest allies in the region since military rule there ended . In the last decade , the U.S. has trained and equipped thousands of Nigerian soldiers who have participated in peacekeeping missions in Mali , Cote d'Ivoire and Liberia , helping bring a measure of peace and stability to nations in the West Africa region . But now we need Nigeria to be a front-line ally against terrorism , particularly as Boko Haram pledges fidelity to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . Meanwhile , Nigeria also has the largest economy in Africa and has the continent 's largest population . Indeed , it has been identified as one in the next set of prominent emerging economies , making it a tantalizing target for U.S. private investment . It is also Africa 's No. 1 oil producer , although an increasingly diversified economy -- for example in the agriculture sector -- provides a myriad of opportunities for more robust trade with the United States . Ultimately , a stable Nigeria will mean real economic opportunities for Americans -- a win-win proposition . Yet despite this potential , the uncertain electoral environment and other serious challenges stand in the way of a deeper bond . The reality is that endemic corruption remains an obstacle to more cooperation , especially when you consider the Nigerian military 's poor performance fighting Boko Haram , despite security spending reportedly being around $ 6 billion last year -- clearly , much of the money meant for the military is not being spent on salaries , equipment or materiel . Similarly , weak governance remains an impediment to Nigeria 's progress and enhanced ties with the United States . Nearly 70 % of those in areas in the north live in absolute poverty , according to recent data , as compared to about 50 % in southern areas of the country . Such failure on the part of the government to address poverty and inequality facilitates Boko Haram 's recruitment effort and foments internal instability . The Nigerian people clearly believe that these issues must be addressed . According to an Afrobarometer survey released in January , 74 % of Nigerian citizens said that their country is going "  in the wrong direction . " Half of Nigerians surveyed expressed significant concern about political intimidation or violence in the current election environment . If the Nigerian leadership rises to the challenge of tackling these difficult issues , there is nothing standing in the way of even closer ties between our two countries . But it is not just about the leadership -- this election offers the chance for all Nigerians to choose their future , and decide which policies will shape the next four years . Their example , for better or worse , will be watched -- and perhaps even replicated by other African states . The decisions made in the coming days and weeks will shape U.S.-Nigeria relations for years to come . But more importantly , they will determine the future for Nigeria 's people . The world is watching Nigeria 's historic choice with great expectation and even greater hope .	Robert Menendez : Nigerian vote will test the democracy 's electoral process , marred by violence and flawed results in past U.S. ties to this regional ally are crucial ; U.S. economic and security interests at stake as Nigeria 's voters choose their future
CNN  -- Two years after a Fort Bragg soldier disappeared after visiting a North Carolina bar , police believe they have found her remains . "  We are deeply saddened that the discovery of the apparent remains of Army Spc. Kelli Bordeaux now concludes our final hopes of her returning safely , " Col. Christian Karsner , Task Force Bragg 's chief of staff , said Wednesday . The remains were found Wednesday near the I-295 corridor in northern Fayetteville , police said . Nicholas Michael Holbert , 27 , has been arrested and will be charged with first-degree murder in connection with Bordeaux 's death , authorities said . Fayetteville police said more charges might follow . Holbert led police to a shallow grave where the soldier 's apparent remains were found , according to The Fayetteville Observer . Holbert , a registered sex offender , allegedly knocked Bordeaux unconscious in the parking lot of a bar before killing her behind the tavern , the Observer reported , citing arrest warrants . Bordeaux was assigned to the 601st Area Support Medical Company , 44th Medical Brigade and served as a combat medic , Fort Bragg said in a statement . "  Our new hope is that her family , members of her unit and her friends will take some comfort from this news and the degree of closure it may bring , as well as the information that this discovery may reveal , " Karsner said . ` Got home safely ' In April 2012 , the 23-year-old soldier left the Froggy Bottoms bar early on a Saturday , police said at the time . She had been drinking and was given a ride home by a bar employee , according to a U.S. Army official who spoke on condition of anonymity at the time of that story . At some point , the Army official said , Bordeaux sent two text messages . One said , "  got home safely . " The official did not know who the text was sent to or the contents of the second text message . In the months following Bordeaux 's disappearance , throngs of police , military members and volunteers scoured the area for Bordeaux . Bordeaux was described as a "  very good soldier , not the type of person that would come up AWOL or missing , " Fayetteville Police Chief Tom Bergamine said in 2012 . Bordeaux was reported missing when she failed to report for duty , the official said at the time . Bordeaux 's mother , Johnna Henson , has said police told her that someone had gave her daughter a ride to the bar , where Bordeaux sang karaoke . The medical examiner 's office in Raleigh will try to determine the positive identification of the remains . CNN 's Phil Gast and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Army Spc. Kelli Bordeaux disappeared after leaving a bar in April 2012 A 27-year-old man faces a murder charge in connection with the soldier 's death Fayetteville Observer : The suspect is a registered sex offender A medical examiner 's office will officially identify the remains
CNN  -- When Maria Sharapova underwent shoulder surgery five years ago , many thought her tennis career would n't last . But there is now a good chance the four-time grand slam winner will play into her 30s before fully turning her attention to her numerous business interests . "  I think she 's going to play another four to five years and through the Rio Olympics  in 2016  if she stays healthy and hungry , " her long-time agent and close friend Max Eisenbud told CNN 's Open Court . Sharapova 's motivation has never been an issue in the past , and the Russian -- who turned 26 last week -- is now fully fit . That , however , was n't the case in 2008 , when the shoulder injury ruled her out for nine months and cast doubt on Sharapova 's professional career , which began on the day she turned 14 . She had been experiencing discomfort in her right -- and serving -- shoulder , with initial tests leading doctors to believe inflammation was the cause . When the pain intensified after a win at a tournament in Montreal in July 2008 , she underwent an MRI that revealed two small tears in the tendon of her shoulder . So began the long process of rehabilitation , surgery , another stint of rehab and dealing with another injury , a bone bruise . It was a difficult time for Sharapova . "  The shoulder , it 's a huge part of the tennis game , " she told Open Court . "  The serve is huge and my game is all about being aggressive and powerful strokes , so when you 're out of the game nine months , when you do n't have too many examples of athletes coming back after such an injury , of course you have doubters . " Sharapova never lost faith that she would recover , but she would have to wait another three years before reaching another grand slam final , losing at Wimbledon in 2011 . Thankfully for Sharapova , no such serious injuries have reoccurred , although she was troubled by an ankle problem later that year . "  I had to work through a lot of things , and more mentally as well because I always thought that during those months that I was away , everyone was working and everyone was training and everyone was playing so it kind of felt like I was left behind a little bit , " she said . Eisenbud 's pronouncement about Sharapova 's future comes as a boost to the women 's tennis tour due to Sharapova 's enormous star power and fan base , which increased when she won the French Open last June to cap her comeback and become just the 10th woman to capture all four majors . Forbes lists Sharapova was last year named by Forbes as the world 's 71st most powerful celebrity . She was the highest-ranked female athlete on the list , ahead of Serena Williams , despite the American now owning 11 more grand slam titles . Sharapova is , according to Forbes , the world 's highest-paid female athlete , pulling in almost $ 28 million -- more than her career prize money -- over a 12-month period that ended last July . Sponsors including Samsung , Evian , Nike , Tiffany & Co. , Head , Cole Haan and , most recently , Porsche help pad Sharapova 's wallet . The Florida-based Russian has also launched Sugarpova , her own premium candy line , in the U.S. and plans on expanding to China , Japan , India and England . But Sharapova remains adamant that success on the court is her first priority . The rest will follow . "  Do I want my candy to sell ? Do I want my partnership to continue for many years ? Of course I do , " Sharapova said . "  That 's a no-brainer . But at the end of the day all the things that have come to me , that I 've been able to be a part of , is because I 'm a tennis player , not because I 'm a model or because of acting . The core of what I have is my tennis . " Her results in 2013 confirm Sharapova 's drive . Known as one of tennis ' toughest competitors and hardest workers , she has showed no signs of slowing down . The power baseliner has reached at least the semifinals in all four of her tournaments and almost completed a rare double at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells and Miami 's Sony Open . She won the title in California in March but was defeated by Williams in the finale in Florida two weeks later . Her poor record against Williams might add to her hunger . Williams beat Sharapova for the 11th straight time , although Sharapova won a set off the world No. 1 for the first time in five years . Missing gold Sharapova lacks an Olympic gold medal , too , having been crushed by Williams in the gold medal match at London 2012 and missing 2008 in Beijing with the shoulder injury . "  I always feel like I can be better and when I do step on the court , I feel a certain power with what I 'm doing , " Sharapova said . "  I feel strong and I feel like I 'm good at what I do . "  I want to keep working , and I want to keep getting better because you ca n't stand still . Everyone 's working . I 'm sure everyone 's getting stronger and getting faster and hitting the ball harder . You have to do it as well . " Sharapova begins her clay-court swing as defending champion in Stuttgart this week before competing at the Madrid Open and Italian Open in Rome ahead of her title defense at Roland Garros , which starts May 26 . Her titles in Stuttgart and Rome in 2012 served as the springboard to her success in Paris , where Sharapova downed Italian Sara Errani in the final . Having come back from the abyss that her career-threatening injury presented , Sharapova savored the success -- especially after being written off by many critics while she was rebuilding her career , suffering some morale-sapping defeats . "  Losing is never easy , especially when you 've achieved so much great success and having lifted beautiful trophies , " she said . "  And especially when you hear it from people that , you know , they sit there and comment on what you 're doing and they do n't comment on the work that you put in before something like that , before getting to the stage of a match in front of thousands of people . "  But it makes you so much stronger , and I 've looked back and , you know , the people I felt had that connection with me , I 've certainly spoken with them about it and especially had a few words with them after the French Open . "  But it 's sport . It 's normal . I think the world revolves around comments and opinions , and I have absolutely nothing against it . "	Having overcome a shoulder injury , Maria Sharapova plans on playing for 4-5 more years She won her first major post-surgery at last year 's French Open to complete her collection Russian says she enjoyed proving her doubters wrong by returning from injury She competes on tour while balancing business interests , including candy line
CNN  -- When others dismissed Detroit as a falling knife unworthy of investment , David Egner saw something else . Egner imagined Detroit regenerating from within , with damaged civic tissue repairing itself to foster new life and commerce . As president of a foundation named for a patriarch who emigrated to Michigan 130 years ago and immediately launched a business , he was in a position to test his idea . The secret , Egner figured , is harnessing the collective power of what he calls "  anchor institutions " : in this case , Wayne State University , Henry Ford Health System and Detroit Medical Center . Through what emerged as the Midtown Project , Egner 's Hudson-Webber Foundation , alongside other funders , is finding ways to hitch the fortunes of these institutions to the fortunes of the surrounding neighborhoods . Hudson-Webber 's research partner , Omar Blaik from U3 Ventures , compiled the data that confirmed the hunch : The anchor institutions carry breathtaking heft . At a moment when the City of Detroit has been declared insolvent and foundations are looking for innovation , the approach carries two critical lessons for community development . First , investors must build from assets , not deficits . Many foundations like to use quality-of-life indicators to guide their philanthropy . I have been involved in a number of these efforts over the years , and too often , foundations find it irresistible to direct their charitable giving to whatever problem tops the charts . It feels like the right approach ; if dropout rates emerge as the worst problem in a neighborhood , why not tackle it ? Problem is , whether the needle moves on this indicator or not , the approach is unlikely to contribute to broader neighborhood transformation . Hudson-Webber 's method reveals the potential of another kind of analysis , one that is based on the untapped power of existing assets . It turns out Wayne State , Henry Ford and Detroit Medical employ about 30,000 people , hire 3,300 associates every year , enroll 32,000 students , control about half of Midtown 's real estate and -- perhaps most important -- spend about $ 1.7 billion every year on goods and services . Blaik found that about 4.5 % of the $ 1.7 million in spending on goods and services was going to Detroit vendors ; the rest is what Blaik calls leakage . If Detroit businesses could step up to provide quality goods and services at the right price -- this is a business play , not charity -- then even small upward ticks would represent enormous amounts of investment and , in turn , jobs . Midtown Detroit Inc. organized vendor fairs to introduce local businesses to the big institutions and made sure local businesses got to see all the requests for proposals coming from the anchors . As a result , a local bakery , a local print shop and a local construction firm were among the firms winning $ 20 million in business from the anchor institutions . The contracts created jobs for area residents and enabled the small businesses to ratchet up their capacity . The successes point to the second critical lesson for foundations : Instead of limiting themselves to traditional charitable gifts -- building a playground , offering scholarships to deserving high school students -- the approach strengthens the connections between neighborhood residents and the marketplace . By aligning work force training with the needs of the anchors , the Midtown Project has placed 50 local residents in entry-level jobs . Once up to full speed , Susan Mosey of Midtown Detroit believes , the arrangement can place 200 residents a year into jobs . Midtown Detroit Inc. is also rebuilding a strong neighborhood residential core . Incentives to lure renters and buyers have drawn more than 1,000 residents to the neighborhood . While the experiments are ongoing , the results are promising . Post-Great Recession , cities had to find new approaches to revive neighborhoods . It 's not enough to build low-cost housing , says Bruce Katz , founder of the Brookings Institution 's Metropolitan Policy Program , and there is no massive investment coming from the federal government . "  The cavalry is not coming , " said Katz , who describes local innovations from across the country in a new book , "  The Metropolitan Revolution : How Cities and Metros Are Fixing Our Broken Politics and Fragile Economy . " Cities can not wait for old programs to return , Katz says . They are not coming back . Instead , cities should build from whatever assets they have at hand and make a new kind of business case for investment , from within and without . U3 Ventures ' Blaik believes that focusing on anchor institutions forces a discipline that prevents wishful thinking . Foundations , with their government and private-sector partners , can base expectations on the realities of supply and demand for hiring , business activity and residential growth . In the end , anchor institutions may present the best hope for neighborhood transformation simply because of their scale . When it comes to sources of employment , investment and connectivity , the scale and power of the Midtown Detroit anchors dwarfs anything a foundation could sustain . Even better : Instead of assuming residents need a handout , the approach gives residents an opening to participate in capitalism . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Bare .	John Bare says nonprofits in Detroit saw an opportunity to spark the economy He says that by bringing together key stakeholders , jobs were created , projects launched Organizations saw that together , their massive size would provide opportunities , he says
CNN  -- The smell of fall is already in the air in some parts of the United States . That means it 's time to pack up the car and drive to wherever the leaves are changing colors . Or is it ? For some , hiking through the woods looking for leaves to slowly , slowly , slowly change colors and eventually fall off is about as interesting as watching paint dry . This so-called "  kidnappee " is only observed on leaf-peeping trips "  when dragged there by someone else , " according to Yankee Magazine 's Introduction to Leaf Peepers . A leaf-loving spouse or parent or friend has often conned this hater of quiet nature into a leaf-focused trip . Is there a way to honor the wishes of those travelers who appreciate the amazing beauty and science of trees hunkering down for the winter and those would rather do something else ? The leaf lovers could choose to travel solo . That 's a fine option . But may we suggest a compromise for those in mixed marriages and other foliage-fraught relationships ? Give the nature lovers some designated time to enjoy the leaves , then try something a little less organic . Or at the very least , pick a destination with a layer of history or adventure on top of the leafy beauty . A sip of Maine If your family is heading to Maine , you likely have some hard-core leaf enthusiasts among you . This fall foliage giant has a state website dedicated to the changing leaves . Head to Camden Hills State Park for the view from the 800-foot summit of Mount Battie , made famous by Maine poet Edna St. Vincent Millay , and enjoy the views of Camden Harbor , Penobscot Bay and the surrounding hillsides covered in fall color . The hike to the top can take two hours , or you can drive . From the top , you might even be able to spot Cadillac Mountain at Acadia National Park . The compromise : Head to the nearby town of Belfast to enjoy a pint at Marshall Wharf Brewing Company on Belfast Harbor . The brewery serves their product at its tasting room  11 a.m. to 4 p.m.  and its adjacent brew pub , Three Tides  4 p.m. to about midnight  . Walk and shop off your drinks on Belfast 's Main Street . Zipping through New Hampshire Everywhere you go in New Hampshire , there 's another stunning hike capturing the majesty of the changing season . Head to Lake Winnipesaukee for a scenic drive . "  Driving around the lake , you get to explore the quintessential towns of Wolfeboro and Meredith , " says Jim Salge , Yankee magazine 's fall foliage blogger . "  Wolfeboro bills itself as the oldest summer resort in America . On the Guilford side , there 's Weirs Beach , a popular lakefront attraction , and Ellacoya State Park . " It 's mostly a driving route , with places to get out and walk in towns and parks along the lake . The compromise : Head down the road to Gunstock Mountain Resort , where the resort 's zipline tours can get your adrenaline going . If you only have time for one activity , the zipline rolls peeping and adventure into one . Pennsylvania 's Civil War history Gettysburg National Military Park 's beauty as the park 's leaves start to change color stands in dramatic contrast to the bloody history of what happened on the park grounds 150 years ago this year . Visitors to the national park can enjoy guided or self-guided tours or horseback tours this fall . Expect the most beautiful fall foliage in mid - to late-October . The compromise : The leaves are certainly not the main story at Gettysburg . Learn more about the Battle of Gettysburg and President Abraham Lincoln 's historic Gettysburg Address . Although many events were held in July during the 150th anniversary of the battle , there are still plenty of anniversary activities to experience . New Mexico 's extraordinary artist The changing colors of New Mexico 's landscape are brilliantly captured by many of the artists who have called the state home . Head to the popular Aspen Vista Trail in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains for peak aspen tree leaf-peeping season now through the end of October . The trailhead is located on Artist Road # 475 , about 13 miles from Santa Fe . The compromise : For another unique jolt of color and form , visit the Georgia O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe . Starting in October , the museum will host an exhibit showcasing O'Keeffe 's depictions of Lake George  New York  , where she had a rural retreat . The exhibit runs through January 26 , 2014 . Or tour O'Keeffe 's home and studio in nearby Abiquiu .  Spots are limited so make sure to make reservations in advance . North Carolina 's small-town culture At an elevation of 6,684 feet , the Mount Mitchell summit in North Carolina is a spectacular vantage point to view the changing leaves of the Blue Ridge Mountains . The highest point east of the Mississippi , Mount Mitchell State Park is at an altitude of more than a mile . The compromise : Drive into the town of Blowing Rock for respite from the quiet of the leaves . Blowing Rock is filled with art galleries , performances , festivals for almost every interest , and nearby farms . Consider a zipline tour at Sky Valley Zip Tours for a more adventurous trek . Montana 's hunting and food scene There 's nothing like Glacier National Park for seeing nature at its wildest , and the trees on the Going-to-the-Sun Road are heading into full fall foliage splendor in late September . Head there quickly before winter descends upon the park . The compromise : After a stint in the forest , you might be inspired to hunt for your meal . For the sports enthusiast , there 's fly fishing and hunting based out of the nearby town of Kalispell . Foodies will appreciate Kalispell 's Festival of Flavors  September 19-28  and the nearby town of Whitefish celebrates German beer and food at its annual Great Northwest Oktoberfest  September 26 through October 5  . An artist 's view of California California 's rugged fall foliage is unlike anything you 'll see in the northeast and it 's happening right now . Drive up to Bishop Creek Canyon in California 's Eastern Sierra , near Mammoth Lakes . There you 'll see "  spectacular displays of lime , yellow , orange , red and crimson-quaking aspen reflected in tourmaline blue lakes and surrounded by saw tooth granite peaks , " writes John Poimiroo , who blogs about California 's fall foliage . The compromise : After all that peeping , visitors can head to the town of Bishop to see how celebrated photographers Galen and Barbara Rowell see the landscape at Mountain Light Gallery . Vermont 's ice cream What leaf-peeping enthusiast could leave out Vermont ? It has an official "  Foliage Forecaster " in Michael Snyder , commissioner of the state Forests , Parks and Recreation department . Start in Burlington and head east toward Waterbury and Stowe , where you 'll see good early fall color driving through the Champlain Valley  Interstate 89 or Route 2  . After spending the first half-hour in farm country and the foothills of the Green Mountains , head north to Waterbury on Route 100 . "  This week 's forecast looks great , and the onset of cool nights and some frost is what really kicks in the next level of vibrancy , " Snyder says . If that good weather continues next week , "  that drive within an hour 's radius of Ben & Jerry 's will afford viewing opportunities of every stage of fall color . " The compromise : That 's right . He said Ben & Jerry 's . Stop by the plant in Waterbury for a tour and some ice cream . You 'll get to sample the ice cream flavor of the day and buy more at the factory Scoop Shop . And where did you favorite flavors get buried after being eliminated ? The factory 's flavor graveyard  which is only open through October  . Because it 's Vermont , and we think you should soldier on a bit longer  you non-leaf fans  , we add Snyder 's extended tour : From Ben & Jerry 's , take the classic foliage tour on Route 100 north up to Stowe , where the color is already more advanced . Head up Route 108 through Smuggler 's Notch , another fall favorite , to quickly spot more advanced color . Check the Vermont foliage website before you to to ensure that fall has n't turned into winter yet .	Touring Maine 's fall foliage can be rewarded by a pint at a local brewery The leaf-peeper and the history buff alike will appreciate Gettysburg The colors on the trails near Santa Fe also appear at the Georgia O'Keeffe museum After a leafy drive , Vermont tourists can enjoy a scoop of Ben & Jerry 's finest
CNN  -- The death of Joan Rivers on Thursday left some in Hollywood nearly speechless . "  My friend Joan Rivers has passed away , " Whoopi Goldberg tweeted Thursday as news spread that Rivers had died at 81 . "  Once again to quote Billy Crystal ... There are no words . " Another comedian , Chris Rock , shared the sentiment . How do you put into words what one woman meant to so many or capture completely -- and in 140 characters , no less -- her incredible legacy ? There 's "  too much to say , " as comedian Billy Eichner put it . "  A constant source of encouragement for me years before anyone else gave a damn . A full and fabulous life . Love you , Joan . " At the time of her death , Rivers was an active presence in Hollywood , from TV to the red carpet to the stage . The reactions describe a woman who was respected for her groundbreaking comedy and adored for her kindness . .	Legendary comedian Joan Rivers died Thursday at age 81 Whoopi Goldberg tweeted , "  There are no words " Billy Eichner called her "  a constant source of encouragement "
CNN  -- Turkish champions Fenerbahce have been withdrawn from the European Champions League group stage by the Turkish Football Federation  TFF  in relation to bribery and match fixing allegations . In July more than 30 people were arrested and jailed over claims that several football matches , as many as 19 , in the Turkish first and second divisions had been manipulated . The highest profile figure arrested in the scandal was Fenerbahce 's president Aziz Yildirim . Fenerbahce won last season 's title on goal difference from Trabzonspor . But as the arrests mount the TFF decided to withdraw Fenerbahce before UEFA , European football 's governing body , was forced to act on its behalf . "  Regarding the heavy disciplinary sanctions both Fenerbahce and the Turkish Football Federation  TFF  , which means Turkey might encounter , it is decided to ban Fenerbahce Sports Club from the UEFA Champions ' League this season , " read a statement posted on the TFF 's official web site . The move took place 24 hours before Thursday 's group stage draw . European football 's governing body acted swiftly to end speculation over who will replace Fenerbahce by announcing that Trabzonspor , who finished second in the Turkish league last season , will take the final group stage berth . After a meeting of UEFA 's Emergency Committee on Wednesday evening it was also agreed that Spanish club Athletic Bilbao will no longer need to take part in a qualification match against Trabzonspor on Thursday and will go straight in to the Europa League instead . "  The panel considered that the Turkish Football Federation took the right decision to protect the game , fully in line with our zero-tolerance policy against match-fixing , " said UEFA General Secretary Gianni Infantino in a statement posted on UEFA 's web site . "  The Turkish Football Federation has shown with this decision that it takes its full responsibility in the fight against corruption . "	Turkish champions Fenerbahce withdrawn from the UEFA Champions League The decision was taken by the Turkish Football Federation Second place team Trabzonspor to take their place in tomorrow 's draw The move is connected to Turkish match fixing allegations
CNN  -- Luise Rainer , who won back-to-back Oscars in the 1930s for "  The Great Ziegfeld " and "  The Good Earth " only to quit Hollywood at the height of her fame , has died . She was 104 . Rainer 's death was first reported by her daughter , Francesca Knittel Bowyer , on Twitter . "  Mummy had the fragility of an orchid , the energy of a hummingbird , the tenacity of a hunter . She could change calm waters into a raging storm with a look and the lift of a finger , " Bowyer told CNN in an email . "  My heart is a hole without her , but that hole will definitely be filled with incredible memories , sweet , salty and funny . I want her memory to linger with those who knew her and be given to those who did not . " Rainer , who was born in Dusseldorf , Germany , in 1910 , was a well-known European actress when she was brought to America by MGM in 1935 in the belief she could be the next Greta Garbo . She immediately came through on their investment with her star turn in 1936 's "  The Great Ziegfeld , " winning a best actress Oscar . She repeated the achievement with 1937 's "  The Good Earth , " based on Pearl S. Buck 's novel , in which she played O-Lan , the wife of protagonist Wang Lung . With that prize , she became the first actress to win consecutive best actress Academy Awards -- a feat not equaled until Katharine Hepburn pulled off the trick for 1967 's "  Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner " and 1968 's "  The Lion in Winter . " To date , they are the only actresses to have done so . Both Spencer Tracy and Tom Hanks have done so in the best actor category , and Jason Robards won two straight supporting actor Oscars . But unlike Hepburn , who enjoyed a long career in movies despite the vagaries of fame , Rainer 's life as a Hollywood star was short-lived -- by her own choice . She had frequent battles with MGM boss Louis B. Mayer and did n't like the roles she was offered . "  All kinds of nonsense , " she told the UK 's Telegraph news site in 2009 . "  I did n't want to do it , and I walked out . Mayer said , ` That girl is a Frankenstein , she 's going to ruin our whole firm . ' He said , ` We made you and we are going to destroy you . ' " Instead , Rainer turned the tables and left MGM . Her marriage , to playwright Clifford Odets , had fallen apart  partly over his envy of her friendship with Albert Einstein , who "  liked my vivaciousness , " she said  and she returned to Europe . She married Robert Knittel , a publisher , in 1945 . The two were married for more than 40 years , until his death in 1989 . She made a film for Paramount , "  Hostages , " in 1943 , but that was it until 1997 , when she appeared in a British production of Doestoyevsky 's "  The Gambler . " She had other opportunities -- Federico Fellini asked her to appear in 1960 's "  La Dolce Vita , " but she had a falling-out with the Italian director before filming -- though she did n't lament leaving movies . Her life was quite full , with famous friends -- Arturo Toscanini and Thomas Mann among them -- and plenty of activity , including a few plays and TV roles . She was n't easily impressed , by Hollywood or fame . Asked about the Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Alexander Solzhenitsyn , who stayed with her and Knittel in London once , she told the Telegraph that he was "  terrible . " " You could not talk to him about anything except his own work , you know ? He was so conceited , and demanding ! " she said . Despite her long life , she told the Telegraph that she felt that there was so much more she wished to know . "  I know nothing . Nothing ! " she said . "  My God , one 's lifespan is so very short . " At the time , she was just shy of 100 . Rainer is survived by her daughter , two granddaughters and two great-grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2014	Luise Rainer was first actress to win back-to-back Oscars Performer left MGM because she was unhappy with roles She had long and rich life in Europe , made another movie in 1997
CNN  One of the biggest questions about "  Fifty Shades of Grey " -- other than who would play the seductive Christian Grey -- was how the film would be rated . The movie is adapted from E.L. James ' best-selling erotic novel of the same name , which is famous for its racy BDSM scenarios . Early on in the film 's development , screenwriter Kelly Marcel suggested that she was aiming for a rating of NC-17 . In reality , "  Fifty Shades " wo n't be quite that steamy . According to Variety , the MPAA has deemed "  Fifty Shades " worthy of an R rating , thanks to "  strong sexual content including dialogue , some unusual behavior and graphic nudity . " But for all the talk about sex , those involved in the project do n't want moviegoers to forget that "  Fifty Shades " is a love story at its heart . Director Sam Taylor-Johnson tells Details magazine in its February issue that she took on the project because she 'd "  not seen a love story as complex , or with sex as complex . You feel you 're in his world , then slowly it 's revealed that you 're in hers . To be able to flip this tale , without the woman becoming a victim , was something I felt strongly about . " The film stars Dakota Johnson as Anastasia Steele , an inexperienced young woman who falls for the rich and mysterious Mr. Grey , played by Irish actor/model Jamie Dornan . Rita Ora , Jennifer Ehle , Luke Grimes and Marcia Gay Harden also star . "  Fifty Shades of Grey " opens in theaters February 13 .	"  Fifty Shades of Grey " has received an MPAA rating of R There was a question whether it would be rated R or NC-17 The movie opens February 13
CNN  -- King Juan Carlos I is stepping down from the Spanish throne after nearly 40 years , handing power to his son after a series of scandals that has dented the royal family 's popularity . The King said Crown Prince Felipe , a former Olympic yachtsman , has "  the maturity , the preparation , and the sense of responsibility necessary " to serve as king and "  to lead to a new stage of hope using his experience and the drive of a new generation . " Prince Felipe , 46 , is regarded as being untouched by the accusations of corruption and excess that have plagued the royal family as many Spaniards continue to struggle to find jobs and pull themselves out of financial ruin . Princess Cristina , the Prince 's older sister , is embroiled in a tax fraud and money laundering investigation . She and her husband , Inaki Urdangarin , have denied allegations that they diverted public funds from Urdangarin 's foundation for private use . Spaniards have long held Juan Carlos , 76 , in high regard for shepherding the country into democracy following the death of dictator Francisco Franco in 1975 . But his popularity took a hit in 2012 over a controversial elephant-hunting trip to Africa while the nation was mired in a deep economic crisis . Prince Felipe , the third child and only son of Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia , has been preparing to be king his entire life . He attended his father 's coronation before parliament in 1975 , and reportedly stayed awake late into the night to witness what is considered to be the King 's finest moment -- his decisive put-down of an attempted coup by a section of the military in February 1981 . Felipe studied international relations at Georgetown University in the U.S. and trained as a Spanish military officer . He was also a member of Spain 's Olympic yachting team at the Barcelona games in 1992 . The Prince has increasingly stood in for the King at a variety of official engagements in recent years as his father 's health has faltered . Felipe also presides over the annual Prince of Asturias awards , prestigious accolades presented by his foundation for achievements in the fields of science , the humanities , and sports . In 2004 Felipe married Letizia Ortiz , a famous former TV anchor who worked for Bloomberg TV , Spain 's state-run TVE , and CNN + , a Spanish CNN station that is no longer on the air . The Prince 's marriage to Princess Letizia , a divorced commoner who left her own career behind to join the royal family , has made the monarchy seem more modern and accessible to ordinary Spaniards . Letizia is "  someone who has travelled on the subway , taken out a mortgage to buy an apartment in a Madrid suburb , and brought emotional baggage to the relationship , " according to Tereixa Constenla at El Pais . The couple have tried to create a normal living environment for their family , according to El Pais , regularly taking their two young daughters to school and putting them to bed at night themselves . And despite his family 's recent troubles , Felipe remains a very popular figure in Spain . Two-thirds of Spaniards see the Prince in a favorable light , according to a survey by El Mundo in December . The King 's approval rating in the same poll was just 41.3 % . Felipe 's biggest task , in light of the recent scandals , will be to make the royal palace more transparent . His family has a relatively austere reputation when compared with other European monarchies , but there has been increasing resentment in Spain over the cost of the royal family to the public . The crown 's budget -- more than â ‚ ¬ 7.78 million  $ 10.5 m  in 2014 -- has been cut nearly 13 % over the past five years , and the monarchy has begun publishing yearly breakdowns of its annual spending in an attempt to curb criticism , according to the UK 's Daily Telegraph . The overtures , however , have done little to silence a vocal minority in Spain who want to see the crown abolished altogether . After Juan Carlos ' announcement Monday , thousands poured into the streets to call for a nationwide referendum on the future of the monarchy . Lawmakers have largely ignored those calls , and the soon-to-be-named Felipe VI is expected to be sworn in as king sometime after June 18 at a ceremony in front of Spain 's Congress . CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Spain 's King Juan Carlos I abdicates throne after nearly 40 years King 's only son Felipe , a former Olympic yachtsman , to be sworn in within weeks Georgetown-educated Crown Prince married former CNN + anchor Letizia Ortiz in 2004 Spain 's monarchy dogged by allegations of corruption and excess in recent years
CNN  -- Framed by the equator and Tropic of Cancer , the Philippines is one sunshiney place . Some locals cope with the heat by hitting the sugary beaches . Others turn air-conditioned malls into their second living room . Then there are those who seek refuge in the upland barangays  villages  , such as Bucari in Leon or Mantalongon in Dalaguete , where the elevation offsets the Philippines ' equatorial warmth . In its provincial boondocks , the Philippines has the ultimate paradox : the cool tropical town . Lower temps , however , are n't the only things that make these towns cool . 1 . Baguio Inspired by the British Raj , American colonists built a sanatorium in the chilly heights of Benguet Province in 1903 for heat-oppressed , homesick soldiers . By 1909 , the place was transformed into an American town , Baguio , with the help of Flatiron Building architect Daniel Burnham . For a few summers , the American governor-general would move the seat of government here from humid Manila . At 5,200 feet above sea level , Baguio enjoys low temperatures -- in 1961 it dropped to a recorded low of 43 F  6.3 C  . Even though the governors-general are long gone , the city remains a summer capital and vacation favorite , packed to the precipice , especially during Holy Week . Tourists eat peanut brittle and strawberries fresh from the nearby fields of La Trinidad . Getting there : From Manila , an eight-hour bus ride is the standard way to reach Baguio  flights are rare , save for the odd charter  . Buses leave from Manila 's Caloocan , Cubao and Pasay residential areas . 2 . Tagaytay Tagaytay is to Manila what the Hamptons are to New York City . Just more than an hour from Manila , this city hosts second homes of the capital 's well off , who are drawn to the lower temps and authoritative views of Taal Volcano , the smallest active volcano in the world . Imelda Marcos once invited Ronald and Nancy Reagan here to check out her "  palace in the sky , " a mansion roosting 2,300 feet above sea level . Today , moneyed locals live out only slightly less Imelda-like retirements in the city 's Swiss-style log homes . Getting there : Tagaytay-bound buses travel along Manila 's Taft Avenue near the MRT station or from the corner of Gil Puyat Avenue . If driving , follow the South Luzon Expressway  SLEX  toward Tagaytay via the Santa Rosa or Carmona exits . Or get on Mabini Superhighway after SLEX , exit to Tanauan and follow the Talisay-Tagaytay route . 3 . Sagada Episcopal missionaries resided in Sagada in the 1900s , where they were pleased to discover the climate was cool enough to grow lemons . The locals still grow the lemons in their yards . Jutting 5,300 feet above sea level , the so-called Philippine Shangri-La offers an ideal climate to grow a variety of fruit . After dark , the town can turn wintry , reaching the low 50s F  10s C  in January and February . Kape alamid  civet poop coffee  , one of many local delicacies , is one way to warm up . Travelers can see just how cool it gets by hopping into the teeth-chattering waters of Sumaguing Cave or climbing to the top of Kiltepan , a vantage point offering views over an ocean of clouds . Getting there : Regular buses and jeepneys depart Baguio 's Dangwa terminal for Sagada , a five-hour ride . 4 . Don Salvador Benedicto "  Little Baguio " is used to describe pretty much any place in the Philippines with any coniferous vegetation whatsoever . But the moniker fits Don Salvador Benedicto  DSB  , a town 2,500 feet above sea level on Negros Island . From the 60 F chill  16 C  to the pine-lined thoroughfares and random lion monuments , DSB is a micro-Baguio , sans crowds . Fun experience for motorists : at Magnetic Hill along KM34 on SB13 , the road 's subtle incline creates the illusion of an invisible force tugging vehicles . Getting there : From Bacolod , DSB is an hour trip by bus or van ; it 's a half-hour flight or a day 's ferry ride from Manila . 5 . Canlaon City Canlaon City rivals Don Salvador Benedicto as Negros Island 's summer capital . At 2,600 feet above sea level at the foot of Canlaon Volcano , the city experiences a cool micro-climate warmed up by hot springs that dot the terrain . Numerous waterfalls , including some that have carved natural slides down the mountains , are a great way to experience the city 's refreshing feel . It 's colder on the Saddle in the Sky , the ridge dividing the volcano 's two craters . Midsummer nights are dreamlike at the gargantuan balete tree , located in the city 's Japanese-run agricultural estates . The famous tree , believed to be more than 1,300 years old , draws innumerable fireflies nightly . Getting there : Scenic land routes lead to Canlaon City from Bacolod , Dumaguete and San Carlos . 6 . Davao City Encompassing 244,000 hectares , Davao City on the island of Mindanao takes in towering mountains and dramatic green landscapes , as opposed to the heaven-scraping high-rises and concrete jungles that dominate other large Philippine cities . The durian capital of the Philippines , it 's one of three cities that share Mount Apo , the highest peak in the country . You can walk a tough trail all the way to the top of Apo  9,692 feet/2 ,954 meters  , but the hot and the restless can make faster , less grueling ascents in districts like Toril , Marilog and Calinan , whose mountain resorts offer untainted air , pine-canopied trails and invigorating falls . Getting there : There are direct flights to Davao City from Manila , as well as from regional points like Singapore . 7 . Lantapan Splayed on a high plateau , Bukidnon province is full of cool locales , such as the provincial capital Malaybalay  another "  Little Baguio "  and Dahilayan , a foggy barangay turned zipline resort . The coldest of the cold is Lantapan , a breakaway district of Malaybalay on the slopes of the Kitanglad mountain range . Lantapan is so cold that dew sometimes lingers as late as noon . Spared by typhoons and seated on fertile earth at 4,000 feet above sea level , the cool climate has made Lantapan one of the Philippines ' prolific vegetable baskets . Mountaineers know Lantapan as the gateway to Dulang-Dulang , the country 's second-highest point after Mount Apo . Getting there : Buses ply the scenic highway between Cagayan de Oro and Malaybalay every day . Jeepneys bound for Lantapan are stationed at the Malaybalay public market . Manila-Cagayan de Oro flights run daily . 8 . Marawi In a predominantly Catholic , tropical country , Marawi is an oddity , as much for its largely Muslim populace as its climate . Mosques and torogans  royal houses  dot the city . On the island of Mindanao , the city 's 2,600-foot-high elevation ensures temperatures regularly plummet to at least 57 F  14 C  . Marawi 's reputation as a dangerous town has stunted its tourism potential . The local university is a "  zone of peace " -- at 1,000 hectares it 's virtually a city within a city , complete with a hotel . Getting there : Head to Iligan by bus or jeepney from Cagayan de Oro . Marawi is a jeepney ride away , along the Amai Pakpak Avenue from Iligan . 9 . Banaue Banaue is one of four towns in Ifugao province that make up the UNESCO-listed Rice Terraces of the Philippine Cordilleras . While these stunning monuments of ancient engineering are widespread in Asia , those in Ifugao trump most in terms of altitude and steepness . The highest ones tower around 4,900 feet above sea level . The variety of rice grown here adapts to freezing temperatures . Getting there : Overnight buses depart Manila for Banaue nightly . 10 . Lake Sebu With its flotilla of lilies and schools of tilapia fish , Lake Sebu on the island of Mindanao is full of postcard-caliber beauty . Even better , the namesake town feels good on the skin , with temperatures seldom warmer than 77 F  25 C  . Sebu and two other lakes in the town empty down into seven waterfalls , two of which are connected by a high zipline . Tourists can also settle for canoe rides with the T'boli , a tribe of weavers . Weather-induced shivers are eased by their warm hospitality , if not the traditional cloth  t ` nalak  that 's sold around town . Getting there : Fly or sail to General Santos City , then take a bus to Koronadal . Ride another bus to Surallah , where vans and jeepneys shuttle you to Lake Sebu . 11 . Itbayat Itbayat is the only low-altitude town on this list . But what it lacks in altitude it makes up for in latitude . As the northernmost town in the Philippines , and thus the furthest from the equator , Itbayat experiences four seasons instead of two . It can out-winter Baguio between November and February , when temperatures crash to 44 F  7 C  . Itbayat looks more like an English moor than a tropical island town .  English seafarers settled the area in the 17th century and called it Orange Isle . Ivatans , the native inhabitants of this frontier town , brave the cold winds with thermal garments called vakul and kanayi . Their houses are built with sturdy walls of coral bound by lime . Getting there : Flights from Manila and Tuguegarao serve Basco , Itbayat 's neighboring island , at least once a week . A four-hour boat ride or 10-minute flight links Itbayat and Basco . Al Gerard de la Cruz is a journalist who has written for The New York Times and Doha Centre for Media Freedom , among many others . Read more about CNN 's sponsorships policy	Easy temps are n't the only things that make these 11 towns the coolest in the Philippines In Sagada the climate is cool enough to grow lemons Towns at a higher altitude , such Baguio and Canlaon City , are popular summer escapes
Oprah.com  -- On any given day here at "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " there are somewhere in the neighborhood of 69 very talented , extremely detail oriented , high-energy , hardworking women and men all doing their jobs and doing them well . I love a few of them , I like a lot of them , I despise one of them . She is the Magneto to my Wolverine , the Saruman to my Frodo , the Dr. Octopus to my Spiderman . I call her The Tinkler . It 's a typical Tuesday ; the office is humming along . I 'm answering e-mails , writing cover lines , scheduling a dental appointment here , partial highlights there , kicking myself for not getting sushi at lunch . The sun is shining , the color printer is working -- my life is good . I mosey into the ladies ' room , glance at the mirror , remind myself that fluorescent lights make everyone look as if they 're in the final stages of tuberculosis , and head for a stall . And then I see it : The seat , even the floor , is covered in little yellow droplets . The Tinkler strikes again . To date , I have been able to deduce only four things about her : 1 . She is female . 2 . She attacks between the hours of 10 a.m. and 8 p.m. 3 . She works alone . 4 . She was raised in a barn . I 've been her victim more times than I can count , and it has turned me from a happy-go-lucky columnist into a bitter , paranoid germaphobe . She has become the bane of my existence . We live in a world where our soldiers lack sufficient body armor , where Rupert Murdoch is blurring the line intended to keep the business and political interests of media owners from influencing the presentation of news , where the White House still refuses to respond to questions they promised to answer as soon as the Scooter Libby case was closed , where studies indicate that worrying you 're going to get sick will actually get you sick -- and yet I am devoting an entire column to The Tinkler . Any shrink worth his or her salt will tell you that it is a mistake to think of your colleagues as family . But what is a family if not a group of people who care about you and irritate you and show up for cake on your birthday and look at pictures of your kid even when they do n't feel like it and think it would n't kill you to put on a little makeup and a pair of heels once in a while ? I 've been earning a paycheck for 30 years . Whether rinsing conditioner off a Lhasa apso during my stint as shampoo girl at Mr. Whiskers Pet Boutique or breathing on the chicken breast I was about to serve a rude diner during my waitressing days , I 've always found that the people I work with matter to me . Their moods , their opinions , their style influence my life . They 've appreciated me , humiliated me , surprised me , and antagonized me . I 've gotten flowers and I 've gotten fired  and I 'm pretty sure I did n't do anything to deserve either  , but I 've never experienced anything like The Tinkler . "  Dammit ! " I say upon encountering her latest Jackson Pollock imitation . Pat , Suzan , and Valerie each come out of their stalls to see what 's wrong . I point in horror . Pat groans , Suzan moans , Val throws up her hands in disgust , and we fall into silence . Then I rally , "  At least we know it 's not one of us . " But everybody else is a suspect . "  It ca n't be Sudie , " Suzan volunteers . My eyes narrow . "  What are you basing this on ? " I ask . "  I 've seen her , " she answers , "  she always heads straight for the paper seat protector . " "  And , " Valerie adds , "  we can cross Mamie off the list -- it happened twice while she was in Sweden . " Sixty seconds ago , the four of us were editors ; now we are FBI profilers . "  She probably likes to burrow into small spaces , " Pat conjectures . "  This never happens in the big , wheelchair-accessible stall ... " "  It 's very primitive , as if she 's marking her territory . This is clearly a hostile gesture , " Suzan declares with authority . We 're finally getting somewhere . "  So , really , " I say , "  we just need to be on the lookout for an aggressively mean-spirited , mole-like cavewoman who is not confined to a wheelchair . . is that right ? " Val is the first to realize that we 're losing our minds . "  I 'm out of here , " she says , and exits the ladies ' room . Later , I complain to J.J. , poor , naive little J.J . . She tells me that it ca n't be any of us , that the toilet is somehow to blame . I leave J.J. in her special world -- a place where troubles melt like lemon drops and Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone -- and resume writing my column . Gina drops by and reads over my shoulder . Suddenly she has an epiphany : "  It 's you ! " she announces , pointing at me like she 's Javert accusing Jean Valjean of stealing silver candlesticks . "  Think about it , " she says . "  What better way to cover your tracks than writing an outraged piece on the subject ? " I kind of like that Gina believes I am an evil genius , and I do n't have the heart to tell her that I once refused to sit my daughter on the lap of a department store Santa Claus because I had no idea who else had been sitting there . Another day , another bathroom break . "  Steer clear of the third stall , " Yeun warns as she dries her hands and heads for a meeting . Jennifer emerges from door number four to see what exactly 's going on behind door number three . She is appalled yet philosophical . "  Believe it or not , every place I 've ever worked has had a Tinkler -- maybe sharing a ladies ' room just sends certain people into a passive-aggressive snit . It 's the dark side of office life . " Lately , my daydreams bear a striking resemblance to one of those black-and-white Sherlock Holmes movies : The entire team sits , sipping brandy in an ornate drawing room . "  I suppose you 're wondering why I 've gathered you here today , " I begin in an inexplicable British accent . "  Well , my friends , one of you is The Tinkler . " The research department averts their eyes . The art department fidgets nervously . An intern gasps . "  And , " I go on , "  nobody is leaving this room until I reveal the person who refuses to work and play well with others . " My assistant , Polly , looks up . "  You mean you 've figured out the identity of The Tinkler ? " she asks , filled with an admiration for my powers of reasoning that she has never once expressed in real life . "  It was elementary , dear Watson . I merely -- " but before I can unmask The Tinkler or explain why I refer to Polly as dear Watson , the lights suddenly go out ... I could go on , but I 'm bored silly whenever someone feels compelled to relay every nanosecond of a dream . Suffice it to say that I usually wind up in the arms of Tyrone Power . As for The Tinkler ? She 's still on the lam . There are lots of days when I find myself wishing life were closer to a gorgeous movie from the '40s -- women wore fabulous hats and pearl chokers , and I do n't think they actually went to the bathroom back then . They were too busy dancing with Fred Astaire and smoking unfiltered cigarettes to schlep to an office every day . Now , some of us are running the offices , but it seems we 've brought a few low-grade lunatics along for the ride -- and they 're wreaking havoc in the ladies ' room . Where have you gone , Edith Wharton ? I 'm not asking for cloth napkins and classical music . I do n't need a mint on my pillow . I just want a bit of common courtesy , a modicum of civility , a touch of class , or , failing all that , a good supply of Lysol . By Lisa Kogan from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " April 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2008 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Women 's bathroom is defiled by The Tinkler Columnist tries to figure out who 's guilty of peeing on seat Decides she is "  aggressively mean-spirited , mole-like cavewoman " Writer yearns for modicum of civility , a touch of class , or supply of Lysol
CNN  -- Four people in Japan have been killed amid heavy rain from a powerful typhoon that is expected to make landfall Wednesday afternoon , authorities there said . The center of Typhoon Roke , which had sustained winds of up to 167 kph  103 mph  Wednesday morning , could hit Japan 's Tokai region , which includes Nagoya city -- or the Kanto region , which includes Tokyo -- in the afternoon , Japan Meteorological Agency chief forecaster Yutaka Kanda said at a news conference . At of 8:45 a.m. Wednesday , Roke 's center was 280 kilometers southwest of Nagoya , where about 1 million people had been urged to evacuate . An evacuation order for about 80,000 residents of Nagoya was lifted , according to local media reports . Heavy rain fell in central and western Japan from the typhoon 's outer bands on Tuesday and Wednesday . Some downpours came at up to 50 millimeters  2 inches  an hour , and some parts received more than 450 millimeters  17 inches  over a day , according to Japanese public broadcaster NHK . Four people have died in Nagoya , including a 66-year-old man who fell from a roof Tuesday while trying to fix a stuck duct , city authorities said . Two other people -- a fourth-grade boy and an 84-year-old man -- were missing in Gifu prefecture , authorities said . People in the Tokai and Kanto regions should be prepared for heavy rain Wednesday , Kanda said , adding that the Kanto region may be most affected Wednesday evening . No airports were closed Wednesday , but several flights toward the Kyushu and Shikoku areas were canceled , transportation officials said . Several passenger trains were not running Wednesday in central and southern Japan , railway officials said . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Typhoon Roke approaches Japan , expected to make landfall midafternoon Wednesday 4 deaths in Nagoya attributed to storm About 1 million people have been urged to evacuate Nagoya Several flights canceled ; some trains not running
Editor 's note : Harry Shearer is an actor , author , director , satirist , musician , radio host , playwright , fine artist and record label owner who is the voice of a variety of regular characters on "  The Simpsons , " most notably Mr. Burns , Smithers and insufferable neighbor Ned Flanders . Harry Shearer says the White House is n't getting actively involved in protecting New Orleans from flooding . CNN  -- I spent much of this month in my adopted hometown of New Orleans , Louisiana . Uncharacteristically for August , the streets and restaurants and galleries and music clubs were largely full and throbbing with energy . There are hubs of entrepreneurs all over town trying to invent the future . And thankfully , Mayor Ray Nagin 's term is only months away from its end . Between my weeks in the Crescent City , I joined some local folks in traipsing up to the Aspen Institute to share the news of New Orleans with interested outsiders . One talked about the progress in rebuilding homes . Another discussed the reform of the public-school system , the decoupling of the schools from a centralized board , resulting in the city becoming the leader in charter-school enrollment . A third talked about the move to neighborhood medical clinics , an effort to replace the hospital beds missing in the flooding 's wake . A fourth reported the good economic statistics , marred only by the continuing shortage in affordable rental housing  80,000 units were whacked by the flood  . And a fifth discussed the citizen activism that is helping , along with a determined U.S. attorney  who 's just sent Rep. William Jefferson and his brother Mose to jail  , to clean up local politics . After all , it was New Jersey pols , not New Orleans ones , who got snagged in a scheme involving black-market kidneys . Wish we 'd thought of that . All good news . And all transpiring under a shadow , one made all too evident early last week when the city experienced a collective shudder as the spinning cyclonic shape of Hurricane Bill appeared on TV screens . New Orleans , hit so hard by what so many  including President Obama in his Sunday interview with the local newspaper  still see fit to describe , mistakenly , as a natural disaster , is making remarkable progress , while the agency that so disastrously failed at building a protective system mandated by Congress -- the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers -- may be making some of the same mistakes in rebuilding that system . And the White House , for the second consecutive administration , seems not to care . Me ? I 'm a humorist , a comic actor , a sometime musician-filmmaker-novelist-blogger . What the hell do I know about what happened to the city I love ? Since the levees collapsed , I 've been reading the local newspaper , the Times-Picayune , watching and listening to the local media , which , post-disaster , have rediscovered their mission to make local news more than a recitation of the previous day 's murders , car crashes and celebrity misbehaviors . While the national media packed up and moved away after the initial orgasm of anger at FEMA , the local media reported something remarkable : The Corps was claiming that the flooding was due to the "  overtopping " of its levees and floodwalls , while two teams of pro-bono forensic investigators were finding evidence that no overtopping had occurred . As the Corps started denigrating these investigators , they kept digging , and kept coming up with the real story , available now for all to see  though all too few have  as the ILIT report from the University of California at Berkeley and the Team Louisiana report from Louisiana State University . Their conclusions : The "  hurricane protection system " built by the Corps had serious design and construction flaws , baked into the system over 40 years under administrations of both parties , that caused catastrophic failure in more than 50 locations under storm surge conditions markedly less than the system was advertised to withstand . You and I , federal taxpayers , had paid to flood New Orleans . Since the Obama administration took office , the Corps has : announced that one part of the new "  system " will be built using a "  technically not superior " solution , because of funding problems ; and , defying a Congressional mandate , delivered a report supposed to offer a post-2011 plan for so-called Category 5 storm protection 20 months late and lacking a specific plan , offering only a menu of possible options . It 's almost as if the Corps is inviting someone else to do the job . Someone else can . A New Orleans architect , David Waggonner , has been convening a group of local architects and planners and engineers and their Dutch colleagues to mine the eight centuries of collective wisdom of the Netherlands about the challenge of living with water . The resulting plans , published as the "  Dutch dialogues , " make for inspiring and depressing reading ; inspiring because they offer a vision of a city that has stopped fighting a war against water and has learned to use water both to enhance value and to enhance safety , depressing because there is so clearly no federal impetus , from the president on down , to embrace such a new approach . President Obama , who has mainly limited his comments about New Orleans to feel-good boilerplate , did pledge to make good on President Bush 's promise on that eerie , floodlit night in a deserted Jackson Square in 2005 , to rebuild New Orleans better and stronger . But he has yet to actively intervene to make sure New Orleans gets state-of-the-art flood protection and robust and timely coastal wetland reconstruction . Like President Bush , President Obama so far seems to be acting as if just saying it makes it so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harry Shearer .	Harry Shearer : There is much good news in New Orleans , but still problems He notes report that Corps of Engineers levee design and construction led to breach Shearer says there may be flaws with the Army Corps ' levee rebuilding He says Obama is ignoring problem , as Bush did previously
Paris , France  CNN  -- France has denied citizenship to a man because he allegedly forced his wife to wear a full Islamic veil , the French immigration minister said in a statement Wednesday . The man was applying for citizenship in order to join his French wife in France , Immigration Minister Eric Besson said . The man was refused citizenship because he was depriving his wife of the liberty to come and go with her face uncovered , Besson said . The decision , made Tuesday , came exactly a week after a French parliamentary commission recommended a partial ban on any veils that cover the face -- including the burqa , the full-body covering worn by some Muslim women . The ban -- which has not yet come up for a vote -- would apply in public places like hospitals and schools , and on public transport , the commission announced . Foreigners may become French citizens if they marry French nationals and meet certain criteria , including integrating well in French society and having "  good morality , " Besson said . It is on the criteria of morality that the man 's citizenship request was denied , Besson said . "  This individual imposes the full veil upon his wife , does not allow her the freedom to go and come as she pleases , and bans her from going out with her face unveiled , and rejects the principles of secularism and equality between man and woman , " Besson said he told President Nicolas Sarkozy . France 's top court denied a Moroccan woman 's naturalization request in 2008 on the grounds that she wore a burqa . Sarkozy controversially told lawmakers six months ago that the traditional Muslim burqa was "  not welcome " in France . He said the issue is one of a woman 's freedom and dignity , and did not have to do with religion . France has relatively tight controls on religion , according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . It has among the most severe government restrictions on religion in Western Europe , as well as some of the highest levels of social tension involving religion , Pew senior researcher Brian Grim told CNN . More than half of French people support a full ban veils , according to a recent opinion poll . The Ipsos poll for Le Point magazine found 57 percent of French people said it should be illegal to appear in public wearing clothes that cover the face . That 's despite government estimates that fewer than 2,000 women in the country actually wear the full Islamic veil . France has about 3.5 million Muslims , representing about 6 percent of the population , according to Pew Forum research . The country does not collect its own statistics on religion in accordance with laws enshrining France 's status as a secular state . France already has a law against Muslim girls wearing headscarves in state schools . It sparked widespread Muslim protests when the French Parliament passed the law in 2004 , even though the law also bans other conspicuous religious symbols including Sikh turbans , large Christian crucifixes and Jewish skull caps . CNN 's Jessica Hartogs in London , England , contributed to this report	Immigration Minister says man denied wife liberty of coming going with face uncovered France is scheduled to vote on whether to ban full veils France denied a Moroccan woman 's naturalization request in 2008 on the because she wore a burqa
CNN  -- Investigators in the case of a missing Indiana University student hope forensic evidence will help them determine whether a decomposing body found in a creek Monday north of Indianapolis is connected with the disappearance of Lauren Spierer . Bloomington police are in contact with the Indianapolis Metropolitan police , the agency that recovered the body , but there is not enough information for police to "  determine the identity or a basic description of the body , " Lt. William Parker said in a statement . Parker hopes a pending forensic examination will provide more information , his statement said . CNN affiliates reported an autopsy on the female body will be performed Tuesday . Bloomington police have been searching for Spierer , 20 , since June 2 , when she was last seen leaving a sports bar in Bloomington after a night out with friends . In mid-June , police had found possible new clues to Spierer 's disappearance -- images of a white pick-up truck caught on a security surveillance video . But they ruled out a connection and were back to square one . Officials have received thousands of tips but none so far have yielded anything concrete .	An autopsy is expected to be performed Tuesday , according to CNN affiliates Bloomington police say there is not enough information to identify the body Police are searching for Lauren Spierer , 20 , who disappeared June 2 Investigators have not been able to make any progress
CNN  -- North Carolina 's Senate passed a restrictive abortion bill Thursday , and it now heads to Gov. Pat McCrory , who is expected to sign it . The bill was passed by North Carolina 's House of Representatives this month . The bill would place requirements on clinics that family planning advocates say would make it hard for them to stay in business . Among the requirements is the presence of a doctor when an abortion is being performed . The bill would also allow North Carolina 's health department to make temporary new rules for the state 's 31 abortion clinics as it sees fit . It prohibits government-administered insurance plans , such as those under the Affordable Care Act , from paying for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman 's life . "  The recent House version allows the medical professionals at the Department of Health and Human Services to write the rules which will ensure women 's safety . I want to thank those who worked on an improved bill which will better protect women while not further limiting access , " McCrory said after the House bill passed . Planned Parenthood called on the governor to veto the legislation . The group said more than 35,000 people signed a petition urging him to do just that . "  Make no mistake : These dangerous and deeply unpopular restrictions would endanger women 's health and safety . Governor McCrory should keep the promise he made to North Carolina women during his campaign and veto the bill sent to him today by the legislature , " Cecile Richards , president of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund , said in a statement . "  This bill would take women back 40 years , and we wo n't go back , " she said . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Gov. Pat McCrory is expected to sign the legislation It would require doctors to be present at an abortion , limit insurance coverage "  This bill would take women back 40 years , " Planned Parenthood activist says
CNN  -- A timeline of events leading to the April 20 explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico , according to documents from congressional investigators and testimony from witnesses to the disaster : ^ 12:35 a.m. Oilfield services contractor Halliburton completes cementing on BP 's Mississippi Canyon 252 well . In the hours leading up to midafternoon , crews conduct three positive pressure tests , in which fluid weight is placed on the seal . ^ 11 a.m. BP and Transocean executives argue over changes in the drill plan for the well at a meeting aboard the rig . ^ 5:05 p.m. . An unexpected loss of fluid is observed in the riser pipe , suggesting there are leaks in the blowout preventer , a critical piece of equipment designed to shut down the well in the event of an emergency . ^ 5-7 p.m. Negative pressure tests , in which crews reduce fluid pressure to test for leaks through the cement or well casing , show unexpected results . One draws 15 barrels of liquid out of the well instead of the expected five , raising more concerns about leaks . In a second , pressure on the rig 's "  kill line " -- a high-pressure pipe used to cut off the flow of oil -- falls to zero , while rising to 1,400 pounds per square inch in the drill line , indicating a buildup of natural gas . ^ 8 p.m. BP ends testing and proceeds to replace remaining drill fluids with seawater . A BP investigator later suggests this is a "  fundamental mistake . " ^ 9:00 p.m. . More fluid is reported flowing out of the well than is being pumped in . ^ 9:10 p.m. Well pump is shut down for a "  sheen " test , but the well continues to flow . Drill pipe pressure unexpectedly increases . ^ 9:30 p.m. Abnormal pressures and more fluid returns are observed . The well pump is abruptly shut down . ^ 9:50 p.m. Gas surges from the well and up the riser . The supply ship Damon B. Bankston , which is tied up alongside Deepwater Horizon , reports drilling fluid spilling onto its deck and is told to move back 500 meters from the rig . Seconds later , the first explosion occurs . ^ 9:52 p.m. Deepwater Horizon issues distress call . The order is given to abandon the rig . Eleven of the 126 on board are lost at sea when the platform sinks two days later .	Documents from Congress , witness testimony detail events before leak At one point , BP and Transocean executives argue over changes in the drill plan Unexpected loss of fluid suggests leaks in the blowout preventer
SANTO DOMINGO , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- The Dominican Republic is a tourist paradise , and a drug runner 's haven . More than 800 miles of stunning turquoise coastline used for snorkeling -- and smuggling . What 's smuggled mostly is cocaine from South America , bound for the United States . And in recent years , it 's been pouring in . The Dominican Republic 's rocky coastline makes it difficult for anti-drug units to operate . "  The problem in the last two years is the amount of narcotics arriving in this country by air has increased exponentially , " said Peter A. Reilly , the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration 's supervisor in the Dominican Republic . Officials say the number of flights carrying drugs onto Hispaniola , the island shared by both the Dominican Republic and Haiti , has gone up roughly four-fold in just four years and that about 10 percent of U.S.-bound cocaine is now shipped through Hispaniola . One of the reasons is that there is little to stop the drugs from arriving . There are lots of places for smugglers to hide along the sparsely populated coastline . The rocky cliffs along the shore make it particularly difficult for drug response teams to operate . Watch the challenge of fighting increased drug smuggling " The nation 's anti-drug force -- the Dominican National Drug Control , known here as the Direccion Nacional de Control de Drogas -- is also struggling to keep up . "  They do n't have the necessary resources to combat this problem , " Reilly said . Even with greatly increased drug flights , the Dominican Republic has no radar to track the incoming planes . The Dominican Navy has half a dozen fast boats , but they 're not always available to fight the drug war . The drug control agency does have eight Vietnam-era Huey helicopters , but they do n't have night-vision capability -- a major problem when most drug drops are made at night . What 's more , those helicopters have limited offshore flying capabilities . "  Because they only have one engine , and because of security reasons , the helicopter can not fly out more than five miles , " said Gen. Ramirez Ferreira , the head of the Dominican Republic 's anti-drug agency . "  So if you have a water drop 20 miles out , that helicopter ca n't respond . " Many of those drug flights come from Venezuela carrying Colombian cocaine , U.S. officials say . See the route officials say drug traffickers use to the United States " The number of drug smuggling flights from Venezuela to Hispaniola increased by 167 percent from 2005 to 2006 , according to the most recent U.S. State Department International Narcotics Control Strategy Report . Venezuela 's president , Hugo Chavez , outlawed U.S. anti-drug air patrols over his country two years ago , accusing DEA agents of spying . A new permissive atmosphere in Venezuela has led to lax enforcement and increased trafficking , especially with drug flights to Hispaniola , say U.S. officials . Venezuela disputes this charge , and on Tuesday announced plans to create a new counter-drug police force to fight corruption and stem cocaine smuggling . But that may take time . And meanwhile , in Hispaniola , the U.S. DEA and local drug agents are up against the huge surge in drug flights . As bad as it seems , the Dominican Republic is still in better shape than its island partner , Haiti , which suffers from severe corruption and political instability -- many experts believe it is on the verge of total chaos . "  Haiti 's struggling police force , dysfunctional judiciary system , corruption , a weak democracy and a thriving contraband trade contribute to the prolific use of Haiti by drug traffickers as a strategic point of distribution , " the State Department 's report said . Gen. Ramirez Ferreira , a two-star general in the Dominican Army , has just secured the purchase of eight airplanes from Brazil to intercept drug flights . And the general says he 's just cleaned his ranks of about 3,000 corrupt drug agents , replacing them with young , untainted agents right out of school . The fruits of the new push are evident . CNN was shown a closet full of just-seized cocaine and other drugs . Lying on the floor , in a pile of large suitcase-size sacks stuffed with white powder , were about 130 kilos of pure cocaine just taken in this weekend . It was dropped from an airplane to a waiting fast boat before it was seized by DR agents . The Dominicans have seized more than 1,000 kilos , or 1 metric ton , of drugs so far this year -- most of it cocaine . That 's still behind last year 's pace when DR agents seized an estimated 5 metric tons of cocaine . The new efforts may all be just baby steps , but the DEA is trying to help the Dominican Republic 's drug squads get up and running , by lending resources and personnel . In a remote , windy and desolate stretch of desert landscape in the southwest center of the country , lies a crude airstrip used by drug runners to make drops . Dominican authorities did n't even know it existed until the DEA observed a drug drop there . The airstrip , which looks more like a little used jeep road , is far from any towns or army bases , officials told CNN . "  We 're about an hour away by land from the closest detachment we have in the nearest town , " said Lt. Col. Luis Castillo in charge of the Dominican 's drug transportation unit . With the surge in drug flights , it 's hard for the Dominican Republic to stop the drugs from getting in , and it 's also hard to stop the drugs from getting out to the next stop in the drug pipeline -- Puerto Rico . E-mail to a friend	Drug smuggling through the Dominican Republic , Haiti is on the rise Officials say they are ill-equipped to stem the flow of drugs U.S. officials say the drugs are increasingly coming through Venezuela DEA is trying to help the Dominican Republic fight the drug trade
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- Heisman Trophy hopeful Jameis Winston and his accuser had consensual sex the night she told police he had sexually assaulted her , the attorney for the Florida State star quarterback said Thursday . Tim Jansen said his client 's DNA was found on the clothing of the woman , who nearly a year ago said she was raped . ESPN , which first reported the DNA development , said the Florida crime lab determined that the possibility it was someone else 's DNA would be one in 2.2 trillion . Jansen and state attorney Willie Meggs confirmed two DNA samples have been taken in the case , one from Winston and the other from a witness . "  I will tell you from Day 1 , December of 2012 , our defense  has  not changed whatsoever , " Jansen told Capitol News Service . "  These DNA results had no effect on it . It had no effect on the testimony on the eyewitnesses that were there . " The case grew more curious Thursday when the recently retired police chief of the Tallahassee Police Department told CNN he was unaware there was a rape investigation against Winston , who has led the Seminoles to a No. 2 national ranking , until he learned about it in the media . Dennis M. Jones , who left the post in October , said when he was the city 's top cop that he always knew about cases involving athletes , even if the players were n't charged . "  I 'd like to know why it did n't make it to me , " he said . "  It could be because the victim did n't want to prosecute . I do n't know . But that 's a question I have . " The case began in December when the woman , a student at Florida State in Tallahassee , reported she had been sexually assaulted . A month later she accused Winston of the alleged rape . Tallahassee Police Department Interim Chief Tom Coe told reporters Wednesday night that the accuser "  broke off contact " with them in February and did n't want to go forward with the case . The news conference followed a statement from the family of the accuser criticizing the department 's investigation . The lengthy message , which was printed by the Tampa Bay Times newspaper and other media , blasted the lead detective on the case . The accuser 's family said Detective Scott Angulo warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and her life could be miserable if she pursued the case . Angulo has not responded to several CNN requests for comment . Jansen , Winston 's attorney , said he believed the case was closed months ago . But Coe said the case is still open . "  We hope to move it forward as quickly as we can in coordination with the state attorney 's office and bring closure to it , " he said . No one has been charged in the investigation , and Meggs said his office has yet to interview the accuser . He will meet with his staff Friday , he said , to determine their next steps . Jones called Angulo a good investigator and said he finds it hard to believe the detective would pressure an accuser . The story became public when some media outlets put in public records requests for the alleged victim 's complaint . Tallahassee police have released a heavily redacted incident report documenting a sexual assault allegation in early December 2012 . The family 's statement said they never leaked information about the case , a response to Jansen 's comment last week that the timing of the media discovering the case -- in the middle of the college football season -- was "  very suspect . " Jones also questioned the timing . The woman 's attorney strongly disputed that Thursday . "  We did not want this to blow up in the press , " Patricia Carroll told CNN . "  Everybody is asserting about the timing and implying the victim  tipped off the media  , that 's not the case . She was in classes at FSU . Exams were coming up . She had to leave school and come back home because of this . " She found it "  inherently contradictory " that Jones said Angulo was a good detective , but Jones said he was left unaware of the case . Jones said his former department never gave athletes preferential treatment . Police are aware of the perception , he said . "  So anytime we got a case involving an athlete we would go above and beyond in our investigation . It 's almost to the contrary of what people perceive , " he told CNN . The Heisman Trophy is awarded in December and goes to the player who voters believe had the best college football season . Winston has thrown for 28 touchdowns for the Seminoles , who are 10-0 and with three more wins could play in January for the national championship . Winston did n't play during the 2012 season but came to Florida State as one of the nation 's top quarterback recruits , according to recruiting rankings . Jones pointed out that when the accusation was made Winston was not famous , as he is now . Florida State has said university officials can not comment on an open investigation . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : DNA from accuser 's clothes matches that of Jameis Winston , lawyer confirms NEW : He says his client had consensual sex with the woman , a fellow student NEW : Former police chief says he was unaware of the case during his last 10 months at the position NEW : Accuser 's attorney said they did n't want this case to go public
CNN  -- "  Good Time Charlie 's " recovering from the blues . Charlie Wilson , at the Los Angeles movie premiere with wife Barbara , loves the film about him . Seven months ago , Charlie Wilson -- the former Texas congressman whose story became the book and film "  Charlie Wilson 's War " -- had heart transplant surgery . Recovery was going well until he went to the Los Angeles premiere of the film -- with his doctor , no less .  His wife went , too , of course . "  I really was n't able to enjoy all the hoopla ... over the film because I had come to the premiere against my doctor 's wishes , and I paid a terrible price for that afterwards , " he says in a phone interview from New York , alluding to what he calls "  a setback . " But he 's feeling much better now , he adds , and he 's finally getting a chance to promote the film in which he 's the central character .  "  Charlie Wilson 's War " came out on DVD Tuesday . Indeed , Charlie Wilson loves life in general . The U.S. Naval Academy grad and Navy veteran was elected to Congress in 1972 , a Democrat bucking the Nixon landslide , and quickly became known for his high-living escapades , which earned him the nickname "  Good Time Charlie , " and shrewd accumulation of political chits . His savvy came in handy in the early '80s , when Wilson , a staunch anti-Communist , decided to help Afghan rebels in their war against the invading Soviet Union . Over several years , working behind the scenes , his efforts to raise funding through his defense subcommittee , to establish a bond with a CIA agent named Gust Avrakotos  played by Philip Seymour Hoffman in the film  and to negotiate support from Middle Eastern countries helped the Afghans take the upper hand -- and eventually forced the Soviets out of the country . Watch Wilson in a bonus scene from the DVD " Asked what led to the Soviet departure , Pakistani leader Gen. Muhammad Zia ul-Haq was blunt : "  Charlie did it , " he told "  60 Minutes . " CNN talked to Wilson about seeing himself on film , the political climate and how he 'll be remembered . The following is an edited version of that interview . Q : Are you happy with the way the film came out ? CHARLIE WILSON : I really was happy with the film , yes . I did n't expect them to be able to hew as closely to the book as they did . It only had an hour and 37 minutes , and they really got a lot in there . ... Hanks did a great job . And Philip Seymour Hoffman did a stupendous job . Q : What was your reaction when you saw Hanks portraying you , and Julia Roberts portraying Joanne Herring , and actors playing other people you know ? WILSON : It just put me in a fog of wonder and disbelief . Q : Was it a case where you thought : This person would n't talk like that ? WILSON : No , no , no , they were too close to the truth . Philip Seymour Hoffman , for instance , was Gust Avrakotos . He deserved that Oscar . I wish he 'd have gotten it . Q : Were you an adviser on the film ? WILSON : No , no . I was there a lot . My wife and I were on the set a lot . But we were just there at the pleasure of Mike Nichols , and we did a lot of begging -- or I did a lot of begging -- on the script and that sort of thing . But I had no authority whatsoever . Q : Some of the criticism of the film is that it did n't do enough to highlight the blowback that was to come in this decade -LSB- when Afghanistan was taken over by the Taliban and became a base for al Qaeda -RSB- . Is that a fair criticism , or did the film do what it was supposed to do ? WILSON : I think it did what it was supposed to do . If it had a blowback , now it 's blowing the other way , if we can just get our focus back on Afghanistan . I do n't think there was a serious blowback . I think there was the point that -LSB- author -RSB- George Crile made in the -LSB- book 's -RSB- epilogue , that the Muslims saw that they took down one superpower and then the radical ones thought they could take down another one . But they 're wrong . Q : There 's also a lot of talk about transparency now .  Wilson chuckles .  This operation was done largely covertly -- and it had a lot of success because of that . WILSON : That 's right , you ca n't do everything transparently . This was opaque and it had to be opaque , and had it not been , it would n't have succeeded . But to be opaque , it had to have bipartisan support . It had to have enthusiastic bipartisan support . But bipartisan support that did n't go to the press , and try to take credit . Q : Is that still possible ? WILSON : I do n't think so . I was talking to -LSB- talk show host and former congressman -RSB- Joe Scarborough this morning and we were discussing that , and we were both pessimistic . Q : Is that because of the partisanship , or because everyone has a blog now , and even the slightest nugget gets out and gets blown all the Internet ? WILSON : I think you hit the two . One is the bitterness and the extreme partisanship , and the other is the blogs and the cable shows . Q : A lot of times the movie becomes the final word on something -- It 's been said that some schoolchildren 's idea of the Kennedy assassination comes from Oliver Stone . Would you mind if , when people think of Charlie Wilson , they think of the film "  Charlie Wilson 's War " ? Or would you hope that they have the sense to read the book , to look into your legislative history or earlier ? WILSON : I 'm not a stickler . I 'll take the movie . E-mail to a friend	Former congressman Charlie Wilson 's story became "  Charlie Wilson 's War " Wilson is portrayed by Tom Hanks in the film While in Congress , Wilson helped guide funding to support Afghan rebels Wilson is pleased at the way the movie turned out
CNN  -- The evolving life , face and story of Aesha , disfigured by the Taliban and featured on the August 2010 cover of Time magazine , has captivated audiences around the world . CNN has been following her for close to two years and , earlier this week , updated readers on how she is doing both physically and emotionally . We shared exclusive photographs of what she looked like before her latest surgery . Monday 's procedure , the fourth in a series to reconstruct her nose , lasted about 9Â 1/2 hours and went smoothly , said Mati Arsala , who 's become a father figure to Aesha Mohammadzai . Doctors at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , where she 's being treated , will not discuss her case . The reactions to the latest story about Aesha poured in -- both in the story 's comments section and by way of e-mail -- even as the world 's eyes remained trained on Friday 's mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut . "  This girl has more courage than all the fanatics that hurt her will ever have , " wrote akmac61 . "  Aesha you are a beautiful woman , wishing you the best ! A whole new great life is ahead just for you , better things are coming , " said tr0j4n . "  I am speechless , no words can express the depth of my feeling for this beautiful lady . I salute your courage in the face of illiteracy and extremism , " added ProsNCons . Some readers wrote with special offerings for Aesha and the family caring for her . An e-learning company in Canada wants to help with her education . The owner of a bed and breakfast in West Virginia would like to treat them to a weekend getaway . A woman in Texas encouraged Aesha to open a Web-store , perhaps on Etsy , to sell her jewelry . Many others wrote with promises of prayers and extensions of love . As is so often the case when CNN mentions Afghanistan or simply the Muslim world , there were inevitably readers who took this opportunity to attack that faith . But more readers pushed back , perhaps hinting at decreased tolerance for such prejudices . There was also a fresh perspective brought on by the tragedy in Newtown , Connecticut . "  I guess in the Taliban , everybody with a twisted opinion gets to play God , " wrote onaturalia . "  and unfortunately some in the US , " responded are122 . "  Exactly , and they are not all Muslims , " said Rollins . Further down in the comments , Tina Mantooth added , "  I agree 100 % . Islam does n't teach hate . " "  Then why do Muslims do so many inhumane things ? " asked swarm4 . "  Was Adam Lanza a Muslim ? No , " answered Elhaba Wackadoodle . "  Inhumane things are inherent in all humans . Some just act on them while the rest of us do n't . " Some , who wrote to me directly , shared that the story about Aesha was a salve for the sadness that had befallen the country . "  It was especially nice to read after the horrors of Newtown , " wrote one person . "  It did my soul some good to read such a hopeful story and to learn about the Arsalas ' kindness and good will at a time like this , when everything seems pretty dark in the U.S. , " wrote another . "  In a time filled with tragedy and sorrow , thank you for an uplifting and positive article , " wrote a third . A couple of readers seemed bent on offending Aesha , those who care for her and pretty much everyone else , by making comments directed at her looks -- as if she had any control over them . But plenty of readers stood up for her , including lxNay , who wrote , "  She will be beautiful again . The surgery will repair her mutilations , but nothing can repair the ugliness displayed by some posters here . Stupid ca n't be fixed . " Some readers wondered why the country would help her instead of others . "  Who is paying for the surgery ? Do n't you think there are enough disfugured  sic  citizens in this country who needs  sic  more attention ? " asked Jayjay . In response , iPostEyeAm wrote , "  You misspelled ' I need a heart implant . ' " A handful of readers latched onto information in the story about how Jamila Rasouli-Arsala , Aesha 's mother figure and a former OB-GYN in Germany , is struggling to find her way in America 's medical community . If she wants to practice medicine here , she must start over in a residency program -- and so far she 's had no luck getting into one . If she ca n't , the whole family , Aesha included , may end up moving to Germany . "  Concerning Jamila 's plight , one has to ask what is going on in the U.S. concerning attracting and keeping good doctors , " wrote bob . "  From what I am hearing , the U.S. does n't sound like a land of opportunity but instead a country representing endless bureaucratic roadblocks , dogma and special interests . " Answered FBreen : "  Until there is an international standard for medical education and training , I am happy that such requirements exist . " There were lessons that readers from across the globe took away from the piece . A reader in Poland , who previously had not felt connected to Aesha 's story , wrote , "  It is the right thing to shout it to the world , to make clear there is no acceptance to barbarism and abuse . " Added a writer from Nigeria : "  Am very happy the way you Americans are helping people all over the world . " And then there was this one , from a young woman who saw in Aesha 's story something she knows too well . "  This is Anika from miles away , Bangladesh . I read your story on Aesha early this morning on the CNN website and it overwhelmed me with emotions I usually try to bury . I am 22 too like her and part of a society that may not bruise my body but wounds my soul and self confidence everyday . Stories like Aesha 's inspire us , girls , struggling to live a normal and deserved life . " Whether she knows it or not , whether she means to or not , Aesha is making a difference .	Aesha 's face and story have captivated readers across the world Readers speak of her beauty , her bravery and how she 's inspired them Her story offers uplifting message amid sadness of Connecticut shootings
CNN  -- Russia looks set to slice off a part of Ukraine and keep it for itself . With heavily armed Russian-speaking troops patrolling the streets , the Crimean Parliament voted Thursday to join Russia and put its decision to a referendum . The all-but-inevitable annexation of Crimea is moving forward , despite protests , warnings and threats from the U.S. and its allies . We have entered a new Cold War . The clash between Vladimir Putin 's Russia and the forces arrayed in support of Ukraine 's independence-minded leaders has crashed the vaunted "  reset , " ending hopes that Moscow and the West would smooth relations and work hand-in-hand toward common objectives . Nobody can predict with certainty how this conflict will end . But the world can already glean important lessons . Unfortunately , most of those lessons are cause for deep concern . Here are five clear messages from the crisis in Ukraine . 1 . Nobody 's scared of America , but American and European values hold strong appeal . Lest we forget , this all started over a move by the now-deposed Ukrainian president , Viktor Yanukovych , who broke his promise to sign a partnership agreement with the European Union in favor of closer ties with Moscow . Ukrainians were enraged , not just because they want more trade with Europe but because they have seen what Western standards can bring to a society . They were fed up with corruption , authoritarianism and stagnation . They wanted their country to be free of Moscow 's interference , and many gave up their lives to fight for an ideal of stronger democratic institutions , rule of law and fair play . As strong as the pull of these values is , their principal advocate , the U.S. , has lost much of its ability to stare down its foes in support of those who want to institute democratic principles in their countries . We saw it when President Barack Obama declared -- years ago -- that Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad must step down . We saw it when then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was pelted with tomatoes in Egypt . And we saw it in Ukraine , when Obama warned Putin to respect Ukraine 's territorial integrity , only to see the Russians capture Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula . America does not intimidate . Its loss of influence means strongmen and dictators have a freer hand . 5 possible directions in Ukraine 2 . You do n't mess with Putin without paying a price . Even if Moscow were to relinquish all control of Ukrainian territory today , Putin has already achieved a main goal . He has sent a clear message to countries that were once part of the Soviet Union -- and perhaps to the USSR 's former Eastern European satellites -- that they can not defy his wishes without paying a painful price . In that sense , Putin has won . A top Putin aide warned last summer that Ukraine was risking "  suicide " if it dared to defy Moscow . Now we know this was no bluff . Putin is serious about protecting Moscow 's sphere of influence . It 's not clear how closely he wants to control what are supposed to be independent countries . Opinion : Did you expect Russia to ignore Ukraine chaos ? 3 . If you are a vulnerable state , you may regret surrendering nuclear weapons . This may be the most dangerous of all the lessons from this crisis . Ukraine had a sizable nuclear arsenal at the end of the Cold War , but it agreed to give it up in exchange for security guarantees . In the 1994 Budapest Memorandum , Ukraine committed itself to dismantling the world 's third-largest nuclear arsenal . Russia , in exchange , vowed to respect Ukraine 's borders and its independence . Now , Russia has clearly violated those commitments . If Ukraine still had its atomic weapons , Moscow would have thought twice before seizing parts of Ukraine . 4 . Do n't expect support from all international peace activists  unless the U.S. invades  . To liberal activists in Ukraine and Russia , the reaction from international peace movement must be a hard pill to swallow . Parts of Ukraine have been captured at the point of a gun by a regime that actively suppresses dissent . When liberal Russians protested , police arrested hundreds of anti-war demonstrators . While Russia 's invasion of Ukrainian territory and its harsh crackdown on local protests have been criticized by some human rights activists , the reaction among some prominent "  peace " activists has been astonishing . Several have mimicked Putin 's line , blaming the U.S. for the crisis . Instead of taking a clear stance in support of a country with invading military forces on its soil , some so-called anti-war groups have taken the opportunity to dust off their anti-American vitriol . A favorite line of discussion is whether Washington has any right to criticize Russia 's invasion of Ukrainian territory after the U.S. invaded Iraq , a country that was ruled by one of the world 's most brutal , genocidal dictators . However misguided America 's Iraq invasion , even drawing the comparison is an insult to Ukrainians . Opinion : Putin 's Ukrainian endgame 5 . The use of brute force to resolve conflicts is not a thing of the past . One day , if history moves in the direction we all wish , countries will solve their disputes through diplomacy and negotiation . Sadly , that day has not arrived . John Kerry has expressed dismay at Putin 's "  19th-century " behavior , but power politics , forcible border expansion and brazen aggression have not been relegated to the history books ; witness events in places like Syria , the Central African Republic and now in Ukraine . Those are the first five lessons . But allow me to offer a bonus , a work in progress that could join as No. 6 : When the stakes grow high enough , the U.S. and Europe may rise to the challenge . Western nations seemed caught off-guard by Putin 's "  incredible act of aggression , " as Kerry termed it . Some of Putin 's gains  see No. 2  may be irreversible . But the U.S. and Europe have been shaken up by events , and they may yet send a message of their own , helping Kiev 's government succeed and prosper as it sets out to chart a future of its own and limiting Putin 's ability to replicate his acts of intimidation . Kerry 's visit to Kiev was a powerful moment . His unvarnished message to Putin , if backed by action , was a respectable start . The U.S. would prefer to see this crisis resolved through negotiations , he declared , but if Russia chooses not to do so , Washington 's and its partners "  will isolate Russia politically , diplomatically and economically . " Already the EU is offering Ukraine an aid package comparable to the one Putin used to lure it away . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel is boosting ties with Poland and the Baltic States , and economic sanctions are under discussion . If Putin wants another Cold War , he has one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis says Russia looks ready to claim Crimea ; it 's a new Cold War Crisis shows that U.S. , EU are not feared , but their values first prompted protests Other lessons ? Mess with Putin at your peril ; giving up nuclear weapons leaves you vulnerable Ghitis : Putin shows brute force still works , but U.S. , EU may still rise to challenge
Washington  CNN  A year after ISIS became a household name in America , using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al Qaeda and its affiliates for jihadist adherents , U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded . The flurry of arrests -- at least 25 people have been detained since January -- is a sign that complicated , manpower-intensive investigations begun when ISIS started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are finally being completed . But they also highlight the unique challenges that ISIS poses in comparison with al Qaeda , which has attracted fewer U.S.-based recruits . Like a new rock band storming the music charts , ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda , law enforcement officials said . The group quickly reached early recruits through videos that showcased the fear its adherents instilled in nonbelievers . At first , most of the recruits were self-starters -- people radicalized on their own from consuming ISIS propaganda from YouTube videos and other social media . Much of the propaganda comes in the form of slick movie trailer-style videos , some glorifying brutal practices such as the beheading of anyone who ISIS leaders decide does n't comport with their medieval brand of Islam . But once those initial Western recruits arrived , living in the self-declared ISIS caliphate spanning parts of Syria and Iraq , they started to directly entice friends and other contacts back home to join them . In Minnesota , nine men have been charged as part of an alleged cell of recruits linked to American Abdi Nur , who turned up fighting with ISIS in Syria in 2014 and began to appeal to his friends to come to the Middle East . "  Each one of those folks who makes it over there has the capability to reach out back to their contacts back here , " a senior U.S. counterterrorism official said . It 's a phenomenon observed in Norway and other European nations , where clusters of young people have been lured to ISIS . And the ISIS recruiters have an easier path to drawing supporters than al Qaeda has had . A decade ago , that group 's recruits faced formidable obstacles trying to get to training camps deep in hard-to-reach areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan 's tribal region . Few Westerners went through the trouble . Minneapolis men allegedly trying to join ISIS highlight role of American recruiter Today , ISIS occupies much more accessible territory , mostly reachable through Turkey . Istanbul 's airport has easy connections to Western Europe and much of the rest of the world . From there , Turkey 's modern infrastructure offers quick access to the border regions where smugglers can help jihadis get across to Syria . The informal recruitment networks and ease of travel have presented a difficult puzzle to intelligence and counterterrorism officials , who are used to tracking networks of facilitators and fundraisers that funnel recruits eastward . "  It 's harder for us to pick up on , " the U.S. counterterrorism official said of the peer-to-peer recruitment , which is well below the radar . How ISIS is luring Westerners Before ISIS , investigators could often focus on radicalizing mosques and clerics to figure out those networks . Al Qaeda recruitment focused on attracting radicals who were motivated to join the fight to protect Islamic holy lands . Much of the recruitment occurred in countries with strong conservative Islamic histories , including Saudi Arabia and Yemen , U.S. officials said . In contrast , ISIS takes a somewhat secular approach , portraying how much better life purportedly is in the caliphate as compared to the corrupt West . And people attracted to ISIS ' marketing run the gamut from rich to poor , educated to dropout , male to female , teenaged to middle-aged . There are signs Western recruits have risen to high levels in the ISIS organization , with their influence reflected in the latest propaganda , counterterrorism and intelligence officials said . The English is proper , with fewer grammatical and spelling mistakes . And while the large number of arrests show that law enforcement officials are succeeding in their disruption efforts , it also means that U.S. authorities do n't see the lure of ISIS receding any time soon . "  We are opening cases quicker than we are closing them , " the U.S. counterterrorism official said . Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West ?	The recruiting tactics used by ISIS differ from those traditionally employed by al Qaeda ISIS benefits from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda , officials say
