EW.com  -- Robert Pattinson appeared on "  Good Morning America " today to give his second post-KStew interview -- and , once again , he got through the proceedings without directly speaking about the scandal . Pattinson appeared a bit more relaxed when chatting with George Stephanopoulos than he did Monday night on "  The Daily Show . " But the heartthrob still stammered and squirmed a bit when Stephanopoulos asked about his personal life , even though She Who Must Not Be Named was never invoked directly . Stephanopoulos began by taking a leaf out of Jon Stewart 's book , offering Pattinson some comfort food -- in this case , a big box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch , which is Pattinson 's favorite -- before getting down to the nitty gritty . "  Everybody just wants to know , how are you doing ? " the GMA host asked . "  And what do you want your fans to know about your personal life ? " Pattinson took a fortifying sip from his mug before giving his answer : "  You know , they seem pretty excited about ... whatever , " he said with a grin , indicating the throngs outside the GMA studio with a tip of his head . "  I 'd like my fans to know that ... Cinnamon Toast Crunch only has 30 calories a bowl in it , for instance , " he continued . "  Pretty much everything that comes out of my mouth is irrelevant . " "  People read things into it , " Stephanopoulos probed . But from there , the conversation got more broad . Pattinson reiterated that he only does interviews like this one in order to promote his films , and added that he 's never gotten used to the paparazzi attention he garners : "  I think if you start getting used to it , it means you 're going crazy . " The host then changed the subject to Cosmopolis , praising Pattinson 's performance as a "  master of the universe . "  Stephanopoulos : Secret 50 Shades of Grey fanboy ? Pattinson -- who , for the record , still does n't have a publicist -- ended the interview by addressing a remark he made to Time magazine yesterday : "  The world would be a much better place , I think , if all these bankers and billionaires were followed by paparazzi and studied as carefully . " "  The weird thing is , I ca n't really tell you what 's interesting about actors either , " he said . "  People do n't find the personal lives of people with much , much more power than any celebrity would have -- do n't find their personal lives interesting . I think if you put the lives of people who controlled billions of dollars on the front news of every single paper , the world would be a better place . It 's the spin culture . If you took away publicists and things and people spoke for themselves , then they 'd have to be responsible for their words . " Oh , and for the record : Cinnamon Toast Crunch is 130 calories per serving . Each bowl does , however , contain just 30 calories from fat . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Pattinson has been making the media rounds to promote his new film GMA 's Stephanopoulos tried to ask the actor about his personal life Pattinson said he 's never gotten used to the paparazzi attention
CNN  -- The premise seemed easy enough . Let 's get six kids poised to enter kindergarten together to ask what they expect from their "  big " school , which is how my littlest one referred to kindergarten before she started . That 's right . I have a child who entered kindergarten last year and another who started the year before , which means I should know you have to be prepared for anything with a group of six rambunctious little ones . But that was not top of mind . Neither was this thought : What was I actually thinking trying to interview kids ? I had those cute AT&T commercials in my head . You 've surely seen them . A guy sitting around with a small group of precocious kids who say the darndest things , like the one where the adorable girl says she wants to turn her brother into a puppy so she can take him to school and say , "  Hey everybody here 's my puppy brother . " Priceless . I thought , let 's do our own version ! What 's that expression about best laid plans ? I quickly learned I did a better job questioning presidents during my White House days . Always wanting to be prepared , I had questions ready : "  What are you excited about kindergarten ? " "  Who 's in charge at kindergarten ? " "  What do you hope to do in kindergarten ? " But the kids , five of whom attended Morningside Montessori School in Manhattan , the same nursery school as my daughters , had other ideas . And so , I quickly transitioned from reporter to mom and thought , "  Let 's play ` Simon Says . ' " Everything seemed to be going along swimmingly until one of the children turned my idea on its head , as you 'll see in the video above . Think of it as an orchestrated coup right there in my living room . Opinion : My view : Kindergarten redshirting different for each child How could I possibly expect kids to sit around talking with me when there were Legos in the playroom and a "  Jake and the Neverland Pirate " ship and a soccer game ? You get the idea ! The interview was n't a total disaster . We did squeak out a few nuggets on what they hope to do in kindergarten  learn to read and , oh , ride a rainbow pony !  , who 's in charge in kindergarten  they thought that was the most obvious question of them all !  and how they simply do n't know -- just yet -- what they want to be when they grow up . After all , they have plenty of time . What did I learn ? Next time , never let the kids take over "  Simon Says . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook . Produced by Mimi Schiffman . Videography by Mimi Schiffman .	Kindergarten is a major milestone for any girl or boy We tried to interview six kids about to enter kindergarten The interview turned out to be harder than questioning a head of state
New York  CNN  -- If saving money in 2010 is on top of your list , we have some simple ways you can cut costs . 1 . Your cell phone Cell phones are a big expense for a lot of folks . The cost of an average plan is $ 65 per month or $ 780 a year , according to Myvalidas.com . Chances are you 're overpaying . Consumer Reports says about two thirds of people did n't use half the minutes they had available . So make sure you take a look at the minutes and texts you 've used in the past six months and compare that to your plan 's limits . If you 're not even close to maxing out , it makes sense to shop around for other plans . Switching could save you up to $ 300 a year . Billshrink and Myvalidas.com are two Web sites that analyze your current bill for errors , help you recover money from overcharges and compare your current plan with other plans that may help save you money , depending on your usage . And here 's something you may not think about . Let 's say you have an unexpected life event ... maybe a birth , a death or an illness . Your cell phone usage is likely to spike . But rather than pay an exorbitant overcharge for a single month of use , ask your carrier about letting you switch temporarily to a higher minute plan . Then switch back when your usage abates . 2 . Car insurance The average premium on car insurance is about $ 1,800 per year , according to Insurance.com . But there are ways you can whittle down that bill . First , auto insurance companies want to know how safe you are . It 's not only how safe you are on the roads . They also want to know how stable you are as a person . The longer you 've held the same job , the higher your education level , the fact that you own a home -- that all counts toward what kind of risk you represent . The safer you are , the less money you 'll pay in premiums . So , if you 've bought a home , gotten your master 's degree , if you 've found a job you 've been with for over a year , make sure you let your insurance company know -- and ask to be repriced . You could save up to $ 750 a year , according to Insurance.com . Here are some other discounts you do n't want to leave on the table : A low mileage discount could save you $ 100 a year . This is a great option if you drive less than 10,000 miles a year . If you have a good student , cut down on those insurance costs with a good student discount . That could save you $ 300 a year . Raising your deductible can yield you $ 200 to $ 400 a year . And shopping around before your current insurance policy expires can save you $ 250 a year , according to Insurance.com . 3 . Entertainment If you have old CDs or DVDs or books you do n't want anymore , trade them for new stuff online . Check out swapadvd.com and paperbackswap.com . If you 're looking for cheaper seats to a concert or sports event , check out zebratickets.com . This site aggregates prices from different ticket retailers . Did you know that your AAA membership can get you more than roadside assistance ? You can get discounts at retailers like Target.com , Pearle Vision or Sears.com . CNN 's Jen Haley contributed to this report .	Consumer Reports says many people do n't use half their phone minutes Car insurance can go down if you 've made life changes that make you safer Internet sites allow you to swap CDs and DVDs instead of buying new ones
With Republican majorities coming in both houses of Congress and a Democrat in the White House , many people in Washington believe nothing will get done . We 'd like to nominate an exception to that expectation : Criminal justice reform . Newt has talked about the need for "  confidence-building measures " between the President and Republicans in Congress . The idea is that we should work on easier things first , so that we can work on harder things next . Transforming our nation 's failed prison system looks like it could be easier now than anyone expected . Leaders in both parties agree on the need and direction for reform . They recognize that locking up millions of people for very long periods of time at ballooning costs is not a wise response to nonviolent crime . Warehousing nonviolent offenders for years behind bars has been an economic , moral and human catastrophe . The United States has 5 % of the world 's population , but 25 % of its incarcerated population . During the past four decades , the rate of incarceration in the U.S. has more than quadrupled , costing us more than $ 80 billion a year . There are now roughly 2.3 million people in prison or in jail , which is nearly one in every 100 Americans . Today in a Florida prison , a 19-year-old man is serving a 15-year mandatory minimum sentence for drug possession . His incarceration will cost taxpayers $ 60,000 a year . He will receive no job training , no education and no drug treatment . He will leave prison beaten down . He 'll carry the stigma and the barriers that come with being a felon , making it difficult for him to find a job and more likely that he will end up back in prison . As a corrections system , this makes no sense . We must rethink our approach from the ground up . And for federal crimes , we can start by building on bipartisan reforms that are spreading across the country at the state level . In the true spirit of federalism , states have led the way in passing reforms that protect public safety , more effectively punish and correct nonviolent offenders , save taxpayers money and ensure hardened and violent criminals remain behind bars . In Georgia , Gov. Nathan Deal has implemented a bold overhaul of the state 's criminal justice system , slashing prison spending and reducing harsh penalties for nonviolent offenses . The result has been a 20 % reduction over five years in the number of African-American men incarcerated . In Texas , Gov. Rick Perry has been so successful at using probation , parole and sentencing reform to both reduce the prison population while also reducing crime that people have termed his approach the "  Texas Model . " Out west , California recently passed one of the most transformational examples of bipartisan criminal justice reform . Proposition 47 , the "  Safe Neighborhood and Schools Act , " was a sensible measure to reduce incarceration for nonviolent crimes and to increase investments in crime prevention , treatment and education . The initiative changed six low-level offenses , including simple drug possession , from felonies to misdemeanors , and will save California hundreds of millions of dollars each year in prison spending that was n't working , reinvesting those savings into mental health and drug treatment , K-12 schools and victim services . While there is a lot to learn from the policy reforms brought about by Prop 47 , there may be even more to learn from its politics . The initiative had the support of crime survivors , victims groups , business groups and 1,500 clergy across the state . Everyone from rapper Jay Z and the ACLU to Sen. Rand Paul and Grover Norquist lined up behind the measure .  We both endorsed it , too .  Conservative California businessman B. Wayne Hughes Jr. was the single largest individual donor to the effort , giving more than $ 1.25 million . Because of its broad-based support , Proposition 47 passed by a huge margin of 59-41 percent . It even won in some conservative strongholds , such as Orange County and Riverside County . California is n't the only place where criminal justice reform did well on the ballot . Deal , and senators such as John Cornyn and Cory Booker were re-elected by big margins , campaigning in part on their criminal justice reform efforts . And in New Jersey , voters passed a state constitutional amendment reforming the bail system that was championed by both Republican Gov. Chris Christie and the Drug Policy Alliance . If criminal justice reform can happen in places as diverse as Georgia , Texas , California and New Jersey , then it should be possible to bring similar reforms to the federal level in Washington , D.C. . There are a number of good bipartisan bills in the U.S. Senate that should be our starting point . One of the most important is the "  Smarter Sentencing Act , " authored by conservative Sen. Mike Lee and liberal Sen. Dick Durbin . It would reduce mandatory sentences for nonviolent drug offenses . Senators Rand Paul and Cory Booker have also introduced important , bipartisan legislation . Even more than the current debate in the Senate , however , the approaching 2016 election season offers the opportunity for the American people to make criminal justice reform a priority . Voters should demand of each presidential and gubernatorial candidate a vision for reducing incarceration and cutting prison spending while improving public safety and helping nonviolent offenders live full , productive lives within the law . In the interest of ensuring criminal justice reform is part of the conversation about who should be our next president , we will convene a national summit on criminal justice reform on March 26 , 2015 , under the banner of #cut50 -- a new bipartisan initiative of Rebuild the Dream , which Van leads , to help cut the prison population in half over the next 10 years . Our overreliance on prisons has failed America . It is past time for both political parties to come together and fix a bad system of their own making . We believe this moment offers a once-in-a generation opportunity for reforms that will save entire communities and transform the lives of millions of Americans . We must not let it pass .	New Gingrich , Van Jones : Criminal justice reform is easier now than people expect Gingrich , Jones : Leaders in both parties agree on the need and direction of reform They say already states have passed reforms that reduce penalties and slash spending Writers : Our overreliance on prisons has failed America , it 's time for change
CNN  -- Speaking at a press conference in New York on Monday , Dennis Rodman said he had received the following instruction from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un when they were together the previous week : "  Dennis , I want you to go over to America and say , ` Guess what , we want people to come over here , because we are not a bad country . ' " According to Rodman , "  He likes me because I am very true and very honest . " Kim let the American hold his only child , a baby girl . He also allowed Rodman to tell him "  Your grandfather and your father did some bad things , " which can not be something Kim hears very often . Rodman has somehow built up trust with the leader of probably the most isolated and paranoid country in the world . So the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and Dennis Rodman signed an agreement for him to bring over 12 former NBA players to have two games with a North Korean team . However unlikely an ambassador Dennis Rodman might make , this is a positive development . Lack of trust is often cited as one of the main obstacles to reconciliation on the Korean peninsula . Pundits and policymakers argue that establishing trust is necessary to conclude a peace treaty to replace the Korean War Armistice and to resolve the North Korean nuclear issue . If trust could be established , many people believe a North East Asian economic community could be formed that would bring greater prosperity and peace to the region . South Korean President Park Geun-hye has articulated a vision of trust-building to create a new era of inter-Korean relations and a North East Asian peace regime . Trust-building requires human interactions . Some of this can be handled by the state . For example , this week the governments of the two Koreas agreed to reconnect the inter-Korean military hotline that was shut off in the spring . In the inter-state realm , government-to-government dialogue is necessary for building trust and securing agreements in areas such as arms control . In some cases , governmental agreements are necessary before private actors can enter the picture . North Korean and South Korean governments will have to reach agreements before private firms and citizens can participate in business and tourism at for example , the KaesÅ	Dennis Rodman and N. Korea agreed to two games between U.S. and N. Korean players Daniel Pinkston : Rodman has built up trust with leader of an isolated and paranoid country He says with the extreme scarcity of trust on the Korean peninsula , the games are a good start Pinkston : Denying civil society engagement with N. Korea wo n't solve any problems
CNN  -- One of the world 's largest private superyachts is the latest to set sail on an expedition to uncover the secrets of a British battle cruiser lost during World War II . Octopus -- a 414 foot megayacht -- was donated to the British Navy by Paul Allen , co-founder of Microsoft . Allen will fund the recovery and research expedition , sparing the British government any cost . A previous expedition by Blue Water Recoveries , a deep sea shipwreck recovery company , located the wreck 11 years ago . The enduring allure of tall ships This week the recovery team will return to the wreck site with a two-fold mission : Retrieve the ship 's bell and document the remains of the battle cruiser in the hopes of later determining what happened in the Hood 's final moments . David Mearns , director of Blue Water Recoveries , said the ship 's bell was "  lovingly looked after " by the crew . Its recovery is seen by those who lost loved ones as a way to commemorate those who died . From the archive : Divers find wreck of HMS Hood The HMS Hood was sunk during a battle in the North Atlantic with German battleship Bismarck in 1941 . The Hood remains the largest Royal Navy vessel to have gone down , and resulted in the largest loss of life suffered by any single warship in British history . The wreck of HMS Hood is designated under the Protection of the Military Remains Act , meaning the recovery team had to seek permission from the British Navy in order to retrieve the bell . The mission was agreed to by the British Government , and the Ministry of Defence say the bell -- if recovered -- will form a tangible and fitting memorial to the ship and the 1,415 men who died when she sunk in the North Atlantic . Mearns recalls the astonishment of the team when they located the ship 's bell , on their first dive , in 2001 . "  There was just a miscellaneous pile of twisted and torn metal ... most of it was very angled steel but there was this curved shape , " Mearns remembers . "  We pushed in on the camera and , lo and behold , there was the bell sitting basically unattached , not connected to the ship -LSB- and -RSB- all by itself on its side . " The team , Mearns recalls , "  were just stunned by it . " The 40,000 ton wreck is strewn over two and half kilometers of seabed , and uncovering the bell was a stroke of luck for the recovery team . "  It 's a really iconic item and personal symbol of the ship , but we were there conducting this investigation on a ` do n't touch ' basis . It never occurred to us , even for a second , ` What if we recovered the bell ? Should we attempt to ? ' " Mearns tells CNN . By the time Mearns and his team had returned to land , news of the bell 's discovery had broken . A public debate had erupted over the ethics of disturbing a wreck where so many lives had been lost . Mearns gained the support of the HMS Hood Association -- whose members include veterans and relatives of those who died -- before seeking financial support to return and recover the bell . The association 's president , rear admiral Philip Wilcocks , said in statement on the mission : "  There is no headstone among the flowers for those who perish at sea . " Wilcocks added , "  future generations will be able to gaze upon -LSB- the Hood 's -RSB- bell and remember with gratitude and thanks the heroism , courage and personal sacrifice of Hood 's ship 's company who died in the service of their country . " Read more : Scouring sea for sunken treasures is big business If recovered , the bell will go on display in 2014 , at an exhibition at the Royal Navy Museum in the southern English port of Portsmouth -- where the Hood was based . Mearns says : "  It 's been out there as a wish of the association to do this and I 've just been looking for the right sponsor to do it in the right way and to get the permission to do it . "  I 'd been working with Vulcan , Paul Allen 's company , and it just so happened we could combine the availability of Octopus in the region at the right time , because you can only really work in this area two months of the year . " The Octopus , the world 's 13th largest megayacht , is a "  fantastically capable vessel , " Mearns says . Read more : World 's oldest warship to get $ 25m facelift Despite being classified as a yacht , the Octopus carries equipment including a deepwater diving ROV -LSB- remotely operated vehicle -RSB- and survey and navigation equipment . The Octopus , says Mearns , "  is very qualified " for the job . The British Royal Navy has asked the team to place an ensign on the site of the wreck , Mearns added . The mission also hopes to shed light on the final moments of the battle cruiser , which broke in two during the attack . It was under sustained fire from the Bismarck , but its own ammunition also exploded . The cause of its sinking has never been clarified . "  I think we are going to make a real improvement in the imagery and information that we bring back from the wreck to allow naval architects to look at and come to some firm conclusions about the damage , " Mearns added . "  This is n't just a trophy hunt to go get the bell . " British monarchy 's long-lasting love affair with the sea	Microsoft co-founder donates personal megayacht to retrieve bell of British cruiser HMS Hood was sunk during World War II by German battleship , Bismarck Recovery team also hope to document wreck and determine why the ship sank
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- The tug-of-war between the two men who claim the presidency of the Ivory Coast intensified Wednesday . Soro Guillaume , who was picked by Alassane Ouattara to be prime minister in his government , said on Wednesday that the international community should use force to remove incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo from power . The country 's Independent Electoral Commission said Ouattara won a November 28 runoff election , but its Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared Gbagbo the winner . The United Nations , the African Union and other international and regional bodies recognize Ouattara as the victor , but Gbagbo has declined to step down . A United Nations credentialing commission added pressure by approving on Wednesday a diplomatic maneuver that would further isolate the government of Gbagbo . The commission agreed to back a new ambassador to the body appointed by Ouattara . U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley on Wednesday said that the United States and other countries were discussing with African nations the possibility of augmenting the existing U.N. force in the Ivory Coast . However , he said it was unclear what a U.S. contribution could look like , whether it be forces of logistical support or something more indirect . Right now , these are just ideas , Crowley said . The World Bank on Wednesday said it has halted lending and disbursing funds to the Ivory Coast and that the agency 's office in the West African country has been closed . The agency said it and the African Development Bank have backed the AU and the Economic Community of West African States "  in sending the message to Gbagbo that he lost the elections and he needs to step down . " "  A peaceful and rapid resolution is critical " for Ivorians and the region , the bank said . Meanwhile , France has become the latest Western country to warn its citizens of danger in the Ivory Coast . French citizens in the West African nation should leave if possible , a government spokesman , Francois Baroin , said Wednesday . The United States and United Kingdom also have warned their citizens of possible violence in the Ivory Coast , where up to 50 people are said to have been killed amid a political stalemate after a disputed presidential election . The U.S. State Department ordered nonemergency personnel and family members this week to leave the country . It also warned U.S. citizens against traveling to the Ivory Coast , a former French colony of about 19 million people . The UK Foreign Office also had advised British citizens to avoid travel to the Ivory Coast and , for those already there , to leave the country unless they "  have a pressing reason to remain . " On Tuesday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon warned that the country risks a return to civil war "  In the past week , there has been an alarming increase in the use of intimidation by elements of the national security forces loyal to Mr. Gbagbo against the civilian population , and in particular against supporters of President-elect Ouattara , " he said . "  The tactics include abductions and killings and the propagation of hate speech through the state broadcasting corporation , " he continued . "  There is a real risk of a return to civil war . " Gbagbo struck a defiant tone in a Tuesday speech , declaring , "  I am the president . " He stressed he is the legitimate winner of the election , but said he would be willing to welcome an international committee to review the results to avoid any further violence . "  I do n't want any more bloodshed . I do n't want any more war , " he said . U.N. peacekeeping chief Alain Le Roy referred to Gbagbo 's remarks when he spoke to reporters in New York . "  Mr. Gbagbo has been very clear . He wants no violence , no more blood , " Le Roy said . "  So all the forces loyal to him should stop immediately provocation , instigating violence , violation of human rights and provoking " U.N. peacekeepers in the country . Le Roy said Gbagbo 's allies have been handing out rifles to members of a "  Young Patriots " group , and mercenaries from Liberia and Angola have been hired "  to provoke " civilians and U.N. peacekeepers . Amnesty International , citing eyewitnesses , has said that it has heard an increasing number of stories of people arrested or otherwise taken by gunmen , often with the cooperation of security forces . "  It is clear that more and more people are being illegally detained by security forces or armed militiamen , and we fear that many of them may have been killed or have disappeared , " Salvatore Sagues , Amnesty International 's West Africa researcher , said in a written statement . The U.N. Security Council has extended its peacekeepers ' mission in Ivory Coast through June 30 , despite an expulsion order by Gbagbo . The Gbagbo government accuses the United Nations of providing military and logistical support to former rebels who are backers of Ouattara -- a charge Ban denied . CNN 's Aliza Kassim and Eric Agnero contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. commission agrees to back Ouattara-picked ambassador Augmenting the U.N. force in Ivory Coast is being discussed Ouattara-appointed PM calls for "  military leverage " against Gbagbo The World Bank has halted lending to Ivory Coast
CNN  -- Before the Brooklyn Nets and Cleveland Cavaliers faced off on the basketball court Monday night , several players were already scoring points with protesters outside the arena . As they warmed up for the game , Cleveland Cavaliers LeBron James and Kyrie Irving were among the players wearing T-shirts that said "  I ca n't breathe " -- Eric Garner 's last words , which have become a rallying cry for protesters after last week 's grand jury decision not to indict an officer in his death . Outside the Barclays Center , a large crowd of demonstrators swarmed the streets , chanting "  hands up , do n't shoot " and "  black lives matter . " The crowd erupted in cheers after an organizer told them about the players ' T-shirts . The NBA players ' show of support for protesters comes a week after five players from the St. Louis Rams walked onto the field and raised their palms in the air , demonstrating the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture that protesters have been using in demonstrations over the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Activists have been threatening to disrupt the visit of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , who are visiting New York and attending the Nets-Cavaliers game . "  They need to know this is what America is . ... America is a system where those who benefit from others neglect to see the underclass , the people who are underprivileged , and that 's why we 're out here , " said Jibri Nuriddin , a protester from New York . Demonstrations , he said , are n't going to stop . "  We 're going to keep chanting and keep marching , " he told CNN from outside the arena . "  Everyone 's going to know that this is an issue . We 're not going to let this issue die . " Amanda Jack , a public defender in New York , said she joined protests after seeing many of her clients suffer at the hands of what she called a racist system . "  There ca n't be any more business as usual when this kind of injustice continues . I think this  basketball game  is one of the examples of consumerism and excess , so it 's time . Shut it down , " she said . "  We 've got to address our broken justice system . " Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams , a former New York police officer , said protesters have a right to take a stand . "  There 's nothing more American than having the right to voice your concern , " he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  We want them to be constructive and not destructive . " The New York demonstration was one of a number of protests across the United States Monday night , days after a grand jury in New York City decided not to indict a police officer in Eric Garner 's death and two weeks after a Missouri grand jury decided not to indict former Officer Darren Wilson in Brown 's killing . In Washington , demonstrators protesting police violence laid down in the street several blocks from the White House on Monday , blocking rush hour traffic . Protesters chanted , "  black lives matter " and "  off the sidewalks , into the streets . " One woman held a sign that said , "  Stop killing us . " The demonstration blocked traffic at cross streets along Connecticut Avenue , a major thoroughfare that connects the White House to upper northwest Washington . Collette Flanagan of Dallas told protesters her unarmed son was killed by police . "  Our babies should be here in the prime of their lives , " she said . And Berkeley , California , protestors temporarily shut down the I-80 freeway in both directions Monday night . New York mayor praises police New York Mayor Bill de Blasio praised police officers ' handling of the protests . "  They 've respected people 's right under the First Amendment to express their views . They 've kept the peace . They 've kept order , " he told reporters Monday . "  We had only a handful arrests the last two days , which is extraordinarily impressive given all of the activity that 's happening . " De Blasio says he understands parents who are worried about what might happen if their kids encounter police . The New York mayor says he 's had to warn his own son about that possibility . "  When he was just becoming a teenager , you know , the conversation was a difficult one and a complicated one , because you 're trying to say to a young person who obviously looks up to police , you know , be careful and be smart and respect the police , but also recognize that there are these realities to be grappled with -- and that 's a tough conversation to have with a young man , " he said . De Blasio is white . His son is biracial . "  This is a national reality . It 's not just a New York reality , " de Blasio said . "  And that , unfortunately , is further evidence of how much more we all have to learn from each other . ... The goal is to get to a day when no parent feels they have to have that conversation . " Protesters flood California streets A day after a heated standoff on a freeway between protesters in Oakland , California , and the California Highway Patrol , demonstrators in the area took to the streets again Monday . CNN affiliate KTVU showed throngs of protesters in the streets in Berkeley , California . It was a peaceful scene , KTVU reported . But violence erupted in earlier Berkeley protests Monday . Some protesters looted and vandalized businesses , police spokeswoman Jennifer Coats said . One protester was struck in the head with a hammer when he tried to keep fellow protesters from damaging and looting a Radio Shack , she said . The man was hospitalized , but his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening . Two Berkeley officers also suffered minor injuries . Coats said five people were arrested , but she did not know the charges . On Sunday night , demonstrators flooded a highway in Oakland , California . Some threw explosives , bottles and rocks at officers , authorities said . Officers responded by deploying gas and arresting eight protesters . In the end , two officers suffered minor injuries . Police said five patrol cars were damaged . Not everyone is on their side In Imperial , Missouri , demonstrators staged a different kind of protest Sunday . They burned St. Louis Rams football jerseys after the protest by players last week , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . "  Why would you do something like that ? It 's utterly ridiculous , " said Larry Magee . "  I think the Rams ought to pack their bags , and I 'll give them a plane ticket back to L.A. " Daughter : ` This is not a black-and-white issue ' Garner 's daughter Erica said she was deeply moved by the diversity of protesters who have demonstrated across the country . "  This is not a black-and-white issue . This is a national crisis , " Erica Garner said . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has announced a federal civil rights investigation into Garner 's death . And on Monday , New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said he was asking the state 's governor to issue an executive order to change the way the state reviews cases such as Garner 's . The order , Schneiderman 's office said in a statement , should direct the attorney general "  to investigate and , if necessary , prosecute cases involving unarmed civilians killed by police officers . " "  The horrible events surrounding the death of Eric Garner have revealed a deep crisis of confidence in some of the fundamental elements of our criminal justice system , " Schneiderman said . Unlike with the Michael Brown case , a video showing the moments leading up to Garner 's death has been widely circulated . Erica Garner says that video has struck a nerve with many . "  For white people to come out and show how deeply they was hurt and like Asians and , you know , different people from different nations and different parts of the world to come out and show that they felt the same way I felt on that video , I greatly appreciated it . It 's like a sense of I 'm not the only one that feels this way . " This story was based on reporting by Julian Cummings , Athena Jones , Joe Sutton , Holly Yan , Dan Simon , Stephanie Gallman , Wayne Sterling , Laura Ly , Daniel Verello and Deborah Feyerick and was written by Catherine E. Shoichet , Holly Yan and Ralph Ellis .	NEW : New York 's attorney general says Garner 's case has spiked a "  crisis of confidence " LeBron James wears an "  I ca n't breathe " T-shirt during warmup in Brooklyn A large crowd of protesters gathers outside New York 's Barclays Center British royals "  need to know this is what America is , " protester says
CNN  -- Three violent deaths in two stores marred the opening of the Christmas shopping season Friday . A Wal-Mart employee at this Long Island location was killed in a rush early Friday morning . In the first , a temporary Wal-Mart employee was trampled to death in a rush of thousands of early morning shoppers as he and other employees attempted to unlock the doors of a Long Island , New York , store at 5 a.m. , police said . In the second , unrelated incident , two men were shot dead in a Toys "  R " Us in Palm Desert , California , after they argued in the store , police said . The toy company and authorities said the California shootings had nothing to do with shopping on Black Friday , which is historically one of the year 's busiest shopping days . The Wal-Mart worker , whom authorities did not identify , was 34 and lived in Queens , said Nassau County police Detective Lt. Michael Fleming . "  This was utter chaos as these men tried to open the door this morning , " Fleming said . Watch police describe the ` utter chaos ' " Video showed as many as a dozen people knocked to the floor in the stampede of people trying to get into the Wal-Mart store , Fleming said . The employee was "  stepped on by hundreds of people " as other workers attempted to fight their way through the crowd , Fleming said . "  Several minutes " passed before others were able to clear space around the man and attempt to render aid . Police arrived , and "  as they were giving first aid , those police officers were also jostled and pushed , " he said . "  Shoppers ... were on a full-out run into the store , " he said . The crowd had begun forming outside the store by 9 p.m. Thursday , Fleming said . By 5 a.m. Friday , when the doors were unlocked , there were 2,000 or so shoppers , many of whom "  surged forward , " breaking the doors , he said . The man was taken by ambulance to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Others in the crowd sustained minor injuries such as sprained ankles , Fleming said . A 28-year-old pregnant woman was taken to a hospital , but "  the baby is going to be OK , " Fleming said . She was to be released later in the day , he said . The California shootings occurred about 11:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  , authorities said . By the time police arrived , two men were dead from gunshot wounds , Riverside County sheriff 's Sgt. Dennis Gutierrez said . He said authorities are not seeking any other suspects . Gutierrez said that the men did not appear to be store employees and that the dispute appeared unrelated to shopping . "  There was a confrontation inside of the store . But over a toy ? I do n't think that is accurate , " he said . Two handguns were found near the men 's bodies , Gutierrez said . In a written statement , Toys "  R " Us spokeswoman Kathleen Waugh said the shooting appeared unrelated to the heavy shopping day . "  Our understanding is that this act seems to have been the result of a personal dispute between the individuals involved , " she said . She said company officials were "  outraged " by the shooting and were working with authorities to find out what happened . Gutierrez said no one else in the store was injured . The store remained closed Friday afternoon but was expected to open as usual Saturday . Watch police confirm two people dead at a Toys ` R ' Us store " He said authorities would not release the men 's names until their families have been notified . Daniel Watson said he was at home with his children when his wife called from the Toys "  R " Us store , where she and her mother were shopping . "  All I could hear was gunshots in the back , " he said . "  She said , ` They 're in here shooting . ' I told her to run and hide , stay down and hide . " He said his wife did just that , ducking under a clothes rack until the threat was over . Watson said neither woman was hurt . Asked about the possibility of criminal charges in the Wal-Mart death , Fleming said he would not rule it out but noted that charges would be "  very difficult , " as it would be "  almost impossible " to identify people in the crowd from the video , and those in the front of the crowd were pushed by those behind them . Hundreds of people may have lined up in an orderly fashion but got caught up in the rush , he said . Wal-Mart spokesman Kelly Cheeseman issued a statement saying , "  We are saddened to report that a gentleman who was working for a temporary agency on our behalf died at the store and a few other customers were injured . Our thoughts and prayers are with their families at this difficult time . " The company is investigating the incident , the statement said . Officers patrolling the shopping center overnight had had concerns about the size of the crowd , Fleming said , and had tried to get those in line better organized . Wal-Mart security officers were also present overnight , but he said he did not know how many . "  I do n't know what it 's worth to Wal-Mart or to any of these stores that run these sales events , " Fleming said , "  but it has become common knowledge that large crowds do gather on the Friday after Thanksgiving in response to these sales and in an effort to do their holiday shopping at the cheapest prices . "  I think it is incumbent upon the commercial establishments to recognize that this has the potential to occur at any store . Today , it happened to be Wal-Mart . It could have been any other store where hundreds and hundreds of people gather . " Asked whether the security had been adequate , Fleming said , "  In light of the outcome , in hindsight , the answer is obviously no . ... This crowd was out of control . " CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	34-year-old was unlocking Wal-Mart 's doors when he was knocked down Crowd had begun forming outside store as early as 9 p.m. Thursday In unrelated incident , two men were shot dead in a Toys "  R " Us in California Officials say toy store shootings unrelated to shopping
CNN  -- At his son 's 11th birthday party , just before everyone was about to sing "  Happy Birthday " and cut the cake , 46-year-old Dr. Carlos Zayas stepped on to the porch of his Atlanta home to take a call from another doctor about a particularly sick patient . While on the phone , Zayas reached up absent-mindedly and touched his neck . He felt a lump on the right side . Then he felt a lump on the other side . Feeling a bit panicky , he unbuttoned his pants and felt for lumps in his groin . They were there , easy to feel . In just seconds , his "  doctor 's mind , " as he calls it , added it all up . The fatigue he 'd been feeling recently , the weakness , the lumps all meant one thing : cancer . When he went to the doctor , he found out it was peripheral T-cell lymphoma , one of the rarest and most aggressive blood cancers there is . Twenty-four rounds of chemotherapy with 18 different drugs could n't stop its spread . A transplant with Zayas ' own bone marrow did nothing . He needed a transplant with someone else 's marrow or he would die . As chairman of the department of transplantation at Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta , Zayas had helped countless patients find donors . Now it was his turn . Zayas ' search failed , and there 's one major reason for that : He 's Hispanic . The search for the perfect donor If you 're looking for a kidney , finding the perfect match is n't absolutely crucial -- there 's considerable wiggle room . But with blood cancers , there 's little wiggle room . You need a perfect -- or nearly perfect -- bone marrow match , and you 're much more likely to find that with someone of your own ethnicity . Hispanics have only a 33 % chance of finding a perfect match on Be The Match , the national bone marrow donor registry , according to Dr. Willis Navarro , the medical director for transplant medical services for the registry . Partly that 's because relatively few Hispanics sign up to donate : They represent 10 % of people on the registry , yet 16 % of the U.S. population . Language barriers explain the low rate to some extent , and so does the fact that Hispanics who are in the United States illegally are often reluctant to sign up , even though the registry does n't share their information with the government . The other reason for the difficulty is that Hispanics often have a varied genetic background that can include European , African and Native American roots . "  I 'm Spanish , French and Portuguese . That 's why it 's so hard to match me , " Zayas says . "  And a lot of Hispanics are like me , with a weird combination of genes . " Through a long series of medical interventions , few of which his doctors thought would work , Zayas lived , and today he 's devoted himself to helping other Hispanics looking for donors . Zayas ' story : A 10 % chance at life After discovering the lumps that February night in 2009 , Zayas ended his phone call and went inside his house . He tried not to look panicked as he sang "  Happy Birthday " to his son , also named Carlos . After the party guests left and Carlos and his two sisters had gone to bed , Zayas closed their bedroom door and told his wife , Rita , what he 'd found , and that he knew it was bad news . The next year was filled with the aggressive chemotherapy and the transplant with his own bone marrow , both of which failed . An international search for a marrow donor yielded no perfect matches and one nearly perfect match -- nine out of 10 antigens matched -- but that donor backed out . "  My doctors gave me a 10 % chance of living , " Zayas said . "  Then I thought about my brother , Hector , who was an eight out of 10 match . But a transplant with a match like that can kill you faster than the actual cancer . " Zayas was out of options . "  I made my plea to my doctors to use Hector 's marrow , " he remembers . "  I said , ' I know my chances . Please consider it . ' " His doctors agreed . In June 2010 , they destroyed Zayas ' immune system so it would accept his brother 's cells and then they gave him Hector 's marrow . Throughout that summer , Zayas and his family waited to see if Hector 's cells would work in his body . "  Please do n't leave me , " Rita would say to him every night . "  I 'm not planning on leaving you , " he would reply . "  I 'm going to fight and God is going to help me . " Zayas did develop graft-versus-host disease , the dreaded consequences of a poorly matched transplant . Hector 's cells attacked his cells . Already too slim , he lost 30 pounds . Tumors grew in places where they had n't been before . Then , just when it looked like he was at a low point , Zayas started to get better . Today , he 's back full time at his job at Piedmont Hospital . A second chance Zayas attributes his recovery to excellent medical care at Piedmont , the University of Nebraska Medical Center and the Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University , but he also credits his faith . "  I thank God all the time for this second chance , " he says . Zayas first trained as a priest in his native Puerto Rico before he made the difficult decision to leave the seminary and go to medical school . "  I studied theology , but my call really was to serve others through the gift of medicine , " he says . "  I was born to be a doctor . " Now he takes time to help other Hispanics find bone marrow donors , including Isaac del Valle , a teenager who lives not far from Zayas in Alpharetta , Georgia Isaac 's story Like Zayas , Isaac , 16 , has a mixed background -- his father is Mexican and his mother is of Irish descent -- and like Zayas , his road has been long . Found to have leukemia in March 2006 , Isaac was treated and went into remission . In May , his family and friends gathered at a local Mexican restaurant to celebrate five years of survival . "  Five years is such a huge milestone , and we felt like the world had been lifted off our shoulders , " says his mother , Linda del Valle . But then a few days later , they got a call from the teen 's doctors . They 'd found something suspicious in his last blood test , and Isaac needed to come back in for a spinal tap and a bone marrow biopsy . Those tests revealed the leukemia had returned . "  It was just devastating , and that 's not even a strong enough word , " del Valle says . Isaac immediately joined a clinical trial with an experimental chemotherapy drug , and the search for a bone marrow donor began in earnest . They found one perfect match through the registry , but that donor , for reasons the del Valles do n't know , did n't work out . Now they have no choice but to proceed with a transplant from either his parents or his two sisters , who , like Zayas ' brother , are far from perfect matches . When Zayas heard about Isaac through an e-mail that had been forwarded several times over , he went to a recent bone marrow drive for him . He could n't donate to Isaac himself since he 's had lymphoma , but he brought with him test results from his wife , three children , four brothers and three half-sisters in hopes that they might be matches for Isaac . "  It 's extremely heartwarming -- it 's just amazing , " del Valle says . "  It just kind of leaves you in awe that people who do n't even know your son would step forward and help . " At the drive , Zayas spoke with Isaac . "  I told him , I understand how you 're feeling , how it is to wait and not have a donor , " Zayas remembers . "  I told him there 's light at the end of the tunnel , and I 'm here to do all I can for you . " It turned out none of Zayas ' relatives was a match for Isaac . Now both , doctor and patient , or actually patient and patient , wait to see if anyone can save Isaac . For information on joining the national bone marrow registry , visit bethematch.org . To learn more about Isaac , visit the website of CNN affiliate WXIA-TV in Atlanta .	Near-perfect match needed in bone marrow transplants Hispanics have a 33 % chance of finding the perfect bone marrow Atlanta doctor nearly died from lymphoma He 's committed to helping other Hispanics such as ill teen find right match
CNN  -- The Vermont Senate voted overwhelmingly Monday to legalize same-sex marriage , potentially setting the stage for a high-profile legislative showdown and breaking a new political barrier in the state that made history in 2000 by becoming the first to approve civil unions for gay and lesbian couples . Gov. Jim Douglas says he supports civil unions but not the bill . He wants the Legislature to focus on the economy . If the bill becomes law , Vermont will become the first state to legalize same-sex marriage without being forced to do so by the courts . The bill , which passed the 30-member chamber by a 26-4 margin , moves to the Vermont House , where it is also expected to be approved . Republican Gov. Jim Douglas , however , has said he does n't support the bill . "  Gov. Douglas agrees with President Obama that marriage is between a man and a woman . He supports Vermont 's current civil union law , which provides equal rights , benefits and responsibilities to Vermonters in civil unions , " Douglas spokeswoman Dennise Casey said . He also "  believes this bill is a distraction from the important work the Legislature needs to do to pass a responsible budget and get our economy going again , " Casey added . It is unclear whether both chambers of the Vermont Legislature would vote to override a potential gubernatorial veto . Another Senate vote on the bill was set for Tuesday , but Monday 's vote was the main one , according to the Burlington Free Press newspaper . The House Judiciary Committee will start hearing testimony on the bill Tuesday afternoon , the newspaper said . Currently , only Massachusetts and Connecticut allow same-sex marriage . Vermont , New Hampshire and New Jersey allow civil unions for gay and lesbian couples . Vermont legalized civil unions nine years ago in response to a ruling from its high court . Nationwide , the issue of same-sex marriage remains highly divisive . A June 2008 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll found that 44 percent of adult Americans believe gay marriage should be recognized by law as valid ; 53 percent are opposed . The issue took center stage in the nation 's largest state in November , when California voters narrowly approved a proposition amending the state constitution to ban same-sex marriage . California had been issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples since a May 2008 ruling by the state Supreme Court legalized the unions . California 's high court heard arguments three weeks ago in a case tackling the constitutionality of the controversial ballot proposition . It has not yet issued a decision . The 1996 federal Defense of Marriage Act effectively bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex unions by defining marriage as "  a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife " and a spouse as "  a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife . "	Vermont would become first to legalize gay marriage without being forced by court Bill passes 26-4 , moves to the Vermont House , where it is expected to pass Governor opposes bill ; thinks Legislature should focus on economy It 's unclear whether state Legislature would vote to override a possible veto
CNN  -- North and South Korea marked the 60th anniversary of the Korean War with sober commemorations and sharp rhetoric as tensions continued to ripple between the two countries over the sinking in March of a South Korean warship . North Korea -- which took the opportunity to blame the United States for causing nearly $ 65 trillion in "  human and material damage " over the last six decades -- continued to ramp up its rhetoric , accusing America of "  persistently antagonizing " the country over the sinking of the Cheonan . South Korea blames North Korea for the sinking , which left 46 people dead , but Pyongyang hotly denies the claim . Top South Korean officials on Friday urged the North to stop its provocations as they honored the war dead at ceremonies . The North Korean People 's Army invaded South Korea on June 25 , 1950 , in what would become known as the Korean War . The fighting ended on July 27 , 1953 , when an armistice agreement was signed . Since there has never been a peace treaty , the Korean War has technically never ended . While there have been efforts over the years to defuse hostilities and pursue peace and stability , great anguish has emerged over the Cheonan , which South Korea says was sunk by a torpedo . At a national ceremony on Friday commemorating the start of the war , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak urged North Korea to stop what he says are military provocations . The Yonhap News Agency quoted him as saying , "  Our ultimate goal is not a military confrontation but peaceful reunification . " In another ceremony in South Korea , Defense Minister Kim Tae-young said , "  the Cheonan incident reminded us of the sad reality of the divided South and North . " Yonhap quoted Gen. Walter Sharp , the top U.S. commander in South Korea , as saying North Korean provocations would be deterred . "  True peace can not exist when North Korea resorts to force and violence , " Sharp is quoted as saying . "  The North Korean leadership must know that any further provocations will be dealt with swiftly and decisively . " North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency , meanwhile , cited an article in the North 's ruling party newspaper , Rodong Sinmun , that said the South Korean government is trying to escalate a confrontation with North Korea . "  They are working with bloodshot eyes to ignite a war while crying out for ` retaliation ' and ` punishment ' of someone with the ` Cheonan ' case as a momentum , " KCNA said , citing the article . North and South Korea presented their cases to the United Nations over the Cheonan sinking recently , with South Korea urging the Security Council to take "  timely and appropriate measures . " North Korea 's envoy said that if the "  Security Council releases any documents against us , condemning or pressuring us ... then myself as diplomat , I can do nothing . ... The follow-up measures will be carried out by our military forces . " The U.S. Congress on Thursday recognized the war anniversary and paid tribute to veterans , noting that 37,000 U.S. soldiers died in the war and around 8,000 were reported missing . Around 28,000 U.S. troops are now stationed in South Korea . On Friday , more than 2,500 people gathered at Washington 's National Mall to watch a performance by a Korean children 's folk ballet in honor of U.S. veterans of the conflict . Although many of "  those brave soldiers are no longer physically with us , they remain with us in spirit , " said Bo Hi Pak , head of the Korean War 60th Anniversary Memorial Project . The performance , which included renditions of "  America the Beautiful " and "  God Bless America , " was attended by former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert and South Korean Ambassador to the United States Han Duk-Soo , among others . The causes of the Korean War stem back to the 1940s , when the 38th parallel division of Korea occurred and the two newly formed countries became ideologically opposite , with the North as communist and the South as capitalist . North Korea invaded the South in 1950 to achieve its goal of Korean unification under communist rule . Eventually both the United States and China became involved and the fighting eventually ground to a stalemate . CNN 's Jung Joo Oh contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. veterans honored with Korean children 's folk ballet Korean War technically has never ended North Korea says U.S. caused trillions in damage South Korean leader : "  Goal is not military confrontation "
Richmond  CNN  -- Closing arguments concluded Friday in the trial of former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and his wife Maureen . The two are accused of conspiring to commit corruption after accepting money loans from a person hoping to gain the governor 's influential support for a business product . Prosecutors argued during their closing that McDonnell , while seemingly taking responsibility for his actions , blamed others at every turn . McDonnell 's defense rides on the claim that he did not know his wife Maureen had accepted loans from Jonnie Williams , who was seeking support from the governor for a product from his nutritional supplement company . Nor did he know that she had accepted designer dresses or a Rolex watch as a gift from Williams , defense lawyers said . During the trial , salacious details about the couple 's marriage came out , detailing that purportedly they barely spoke after 38 years of marriage and thus , said the defense , could not have conspired to corrupt . Prosecutors said the two did n't need to like each other to conspire . "  He was a strong governor . He was a weak husband , " prosecutor Michael Dry said of the one-time rising star in the Republican Party who had potential presidential ambitions . McDonnell , wife plead not guilty to gift charges Prosecutors alleged that once Maureen McDonnell became aware of the investigation about the corruption , she returned the designer dresses that she received from Williams . She wrote a note to Williams saying that she hoped his daughters could wear the dresses after she received them on loan , or that even they could be auctioned for a worthy charity . The prosecution pointed out that Williams ' daughters are smaller in size than Maureen McConnell If the dresses were in fact on loan , that would not be a crime . The governor 's wife waited two years to return them , however . The defense also argued that there is no direct effect of those loans or other gifts given to the McDonnells that caused the governor use official actions to help Williams and his business , Prosecutors said they do n't need to prove there was a direct action based on the alleged bribes but did note Williams was able to have his business featured during an event at the executive mansion , and the governor pitched his product during a meeting with state workers . Defense lawyers also contended Williams was only out for himself , selling out the governor to gain immunity from alleged crimes . They also argued that Williams made up a lot of his story to give the government a bigger prize in the former governor . Jurors will return after the Labor Day weekend to receive instructions from the judge and then head to deliberations . The former governor was once rumored to be a potential vice presidential candidate with Mitt Romney . "  It 's sad for the McDonald family and sad for the state of Virginia . Regardless of the verdict , there will be no winners , " prosecutor Dry said .	Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell was a rising star in the Republican Party He and his wife are on trial on federal charges They are accused of accepting loans and gifts from a businessman Closing arguments in the trial concluded Friday ; the case will go to the jury next week
CNN  -- Sir Elton John faces surgery soon for appendicitis that has derailed his European tour , a spokesman for the singer said Tuesday . John , 66 , was diagnosed with "  appendix abscess surrounding retrocaecal appendicitis " after falling ill during the tour , publicist Gary Farrow said in a written statement . The surgery will be performed in the United Kingdom in "  the coming weeks " after he undergoes an intensive course of antibiotics and "  doctors can be confident they have sufficiently reduced toxins within the inflamed appendicitis site , " Farrow said . The remaining shows in his tour have been canceled , including Friday 's headline show at London 's Hyde Park , he said . The concert will still happen with Ray Davies , Elvis Costello , Gabrielle Aplin and Nick Lowe performing . "  Elton is incredibly disappointed to postpone these tour dates , " he said . "  To know that he made such super-human efforts and continued to perform to thousands through his illness only confirms his dedication to his European fans . He is eager to be back on top form and return to play the remaining shows starting in early September 2013 . " Touring will resume only after "  he has fully recovered from both the planned surgery and any damage caused by the appendix abscess , " the statement said . Sir Elton and David Furnish welcome another son CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Sir Elton John , 66 , was diagnosed with appendicitis during his European tour Surgery will be performed in the United Kingdom in "  the coming weeks " The remaining shows in his tour have been canceled
Norfolk , Virginia  CNN  -- The United States Navy has 323,000 active duty service members , many of them housed in close quarters -- yet it is able to avoid major outbreaks of contagious diseases like those seen on commercial cruise ships . Nearly 700 crew and passengers onboard Royal Caribbean 's Explorer of the Seas were sickened by norovirus in January before the ship returned to its port in Bayonne , New Jersey . In addition , the Caribbean Princess , operated by Princess Cruises , cut a seven-day itinerary short the same week because of a norovirus outbreak that affected 178 passengers and 11 crew members . In the Navy , such an outbreak would cripple a ship . "  If we had a norovirus that took out 700 sailors , we obviously would be operationally ineffective , combat ineffective -- but even a smaller number , a smaller outbreak of , say , 100 would devastate our operational capability , " Capt. Jim McGovern , commanding officer on the USS Iwo Jima , said aboard his ship docked in Norfolk , Virginia . "  Serious outbreaks of 10 or 20 individuals being sick are taken very seriously . " Some 3,200 sailors and marines fill the amphibious assault ship when it deploys , and each of them are medically screened and inoculated before being allowed to embark . "  The idea is to prevent somebody from getting ill . Once you do become ill from one of these highly contagious organisms , you are really chasing it then , " Vice Adm. Matthew Nathan , Surgeon General of the Navy , told CNN . "  One person touches something , then three people touch that and they become infected , then three people from them , and pretty soon you 've gone from 1 to 3 to 9 to 27 and that is how a cruise ship , in short order , has 700 people come down . " What is norovirus ? Onboard a warship like the Iwo Jima , sailors are required to report to sickbay if they feel unwell . "  They come to us for sick call , and if they are particularly stoic and do n't want to come to us for whatever reason , their supervisor will make them come , " said Sean Sullivan , the vessel 's senior medical officer . If a sailor does become ill with a contagious disease , he or she will be isolated so the infection does not spread . "  You monitor the movements of everybody who is ill . You make sure they are staying away from the general population on the ship . They are not to go to their work station , they are not to go to the food places , " Nathan said . Keeping vessels extraordinarily clean is part of the daily routine for everyone onboard U.S. Navy ships . "  Every day at 0730 we basically do a cleaning station of the ship . Every department has their own space , " sailor John Canevari said , clearly showing pride in his section of the passageway . "  We live here . If we want to go out on deployment for eight or nine months , we need to make sure it 's clean . " In the kitchens , cleaning is constant to prevent foodborne illnesses . "  It 's important to keep it clean because cross-contamination is a big factor for illnesses , " said Jakeila Owens , Iwo Jima culinary specialist . Just in case crews in the galleys miss something , preventive medicine technicians like Aaron Ferguson inspect multiple times every day . They are "  making sure their hands are clean , uniforms are clean , they have hairnets on properly , making sure their lines are clean , so there is not dirt buildup or anything like that which could get people sick , " he said . Is your cruise safe ? The rigorous discipline and devotion to cleaning is aided by simply not having certain creature comforts , such as those cruise ship passengers expect . "  If you have a ship whose main center of gravity is social gatherings , food places , dancing areas places for libations , and gating on decks and swimming pools -- all of those things that sailors wish they had , but do n't have on our Navy ships -- then I think it is a much more challenging environment to control the spread of a highly contagious virus , " Nathan said . McGovern experienced an outbreak firsthand , years before taking command of the Iwo Jima . Half of the 30 people onboard his small ship fell ill . "  Somebody did n't have clean hands ,  did n't  wash their hands properly and stuck their hand in an ice dispenser and anybody who got ice from that dispenser got sick , " he said . That 's why he , and sailors across the Navy , swab , inspect , scrub and scour every day . What you need to know about kids and norovirus CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report . Watch Sanjay Gupta MD Saturday at 4:30 pm and Sunday at 7:30 am ET . For the latest from Sanjay Gupta MD click here .	The U.S. Navy has largely avoided major outbreaks on ships The Navy isolates crew members who are n't feeling well Rigorous cleaning is part of sailors ' daily routine
Jinan , China  CNN  -- Bo Xilai , the former high-flying Chinese politician whose dramatic fall from grace shook the ruling Communist Party , made a defiant court appearance Thursday , disputing several of the accusations against him at his trial in eastern China . Once considered a contender for the top rungs of China 's political hierarchy , Bo is now on trial on charges of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power . A charismatic and divisive figure when he was in power , Bo has spent more than a year in detention . During that time , his name has regularly been featured in headlines , but he has been kept out of public view . On Thursday , he returned to the spotlight , albeit one controlled by Chinese authorities . Timeline : Bo 's fall from grace Many observers had expected the high-profile court hearing in the eastern city of Jinan to stick to a script of accusation , admission and conviction . But Bo , 64 , appeared to be unwilling Thursday to let all the prosecution 's allegations against him go unchallenged . The Thursday session has been adjourned and proceedings will resume at 8:30 a.m. local time Friday , the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court said . Testimony disputed In posts about the proceedings on its official microblog account , the Jinan court said that Bo contested the claim that he had taken bribes from Tang Xiaolin , a businessman in the northeastern industrial city of Dalian , where Bo used to be mayor . Bo said that he had previously accepted the charge "  unwillingly " when he was being investigated by a party disciplinary commission . "  But at that time , I did n't know the details mentioned above , " he said , according to the court . After watching a video in which Tang detailed how he sent Bo money , Bo remarked , "  I saw an ugly performance by a person who sold his soul , " the court said . The prosecutor showed the court written testimony from Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , who was convicted last year of murdering a British businessman . Gu 's statement mentioned a safe the couple shared from which she took tens of thousands of dollars to cover expenses for her and their son , who was studying in Britain at the time . Bo reportedly described Gu 's testimony as "  ridiculous " and questioned its reliability , as it came after she received a suspended death sentence for her murder conviction . He then said that an accusation that another Dalian business executive , Xu Ming , gave him and his family a multimillion-dollar villa in the south of France is "  totally false . " Although Chinese authorities had talked of a public trial for Bo , the former party boss of the sprawling southwestern metropolis of Chongqing , journalists from the international news media were n't allowed in the courtroom . Reporters had to rely on the frequent updates from the court 's microblog account and official state-run news outlets , as well as a separate briefing by officials . As it dished out details through the day , the court 's account on the Twitter-like Weibo service quickly gained tens of thousands of followers . China leaves nothing to chance for Bo Xilai ` trial of the century ' High conviction rate It was n't immediately clear whether Bo 's denial of part of the allegations was an unexpected development . The court 's publication of his comments suggested that authorities were comfortable with the situation . And his rejection of bribery allegations does n't mean the court will acquit him . The conviction rate for criminal trials and their appeals in China -- where the party controls police , prosecution and courts -- stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report cited the Supreme People 's Court as saying . Analysts have suggested that the court proceedings are more about settling Communist Party business than delivering justice . "  It 's a political exercise , " Joseph Cheng , a political science professor at the City University of Hong Kong , said before the trial started . "  It is not a trial , per se , but a political settlement . " Bo 's punishment will in part be retaliation for his audacity in challenging Hu Jintao , Xi Jinping and other top party leaders by pushing his own "  Chongqing model " and engaging in public grandstanding , Cheng said . First photos in more than a year Authorities published photos Thursday of Bo , who had n't been seen in public since he was stripped of his high-ranking party posts in April 2012 . One image showed him standing at the dock in a white , long-sleeved shirt , flanked by two tall uniformed police officers . His hands , clasped in front of him , were not in handcuffs , and he appeared little changed compared with pictures taken before he disappeared from public view . The court published what it said was a dialogue between Bo and the chief judge in which the defendant was cited as saying he hoped the court "  can hear my case reasonably and fairly , as well as following our country 's legal procedure . " The chief judge replied that the court "  understands your concerns , and will use our legal authority fairly and in accordance to the law . " Bo 's spectacular downfall -- complete with tales of murder , corruption and betrayal -- set off the Communist Party 's biggest political crisis in decades . His wife is in prison . Their son , living in the United States , says he has n't spoken to his parents in a year and half . Five members of Bo 's family were in the public gallery at the trial Thursday , state media reported without providing their names . They were joined by 105 other people , including 19 journalists . Bo Xilai trial : Son Bo Guagua hopes father can ` answer his critics ' A career unravels Bo is a princeling , a term that refers to the children of revolutionary veterans who boast of political connections and influence . His late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Mao and former leader Deng Xiaoping . Over the past three decades , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policymaking body of the Communist Party . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time in Chongqing . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February of last year and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu , was an accomplice in a murder case , a glittering political career began to unravel . Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts . A court found Gu guilty last year of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in 2011 . A family employee , Zhang Xiaojun , was also convicted in the killing and sentenced to nine years in prison . The following month , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . The last chapter ? Bo 's trial is seen as a potentially concluding chapter in the scandal . Authorities have n't said how long it will last . But with only part of the charges reportedly addressed in the first day , it appears it could go on for longer than the two days some observers had predicted . Under the bribery indictment , prosecutors accuse Bo of using his political posts to secure influence for others . They say that between 2000 and 2012 , Bo , Gu and their son , Bo Guagua , received about 22 million renminbi  $ 3.6 million  in bribes from Tang and Xu , the Dalian businessmen . The embezzlement charge alleges that Bo and Gu transferred 5 million renminbi of public money from a construction project in Dalian to a private account through a law firm in Beijing . And the abuse of power indictment relates to Bo 's actions after he was informed about his wife 's involvement in the killing of Heywood and Wang 's attempted defection to the United States . CNN 's David McKenzie and Steven Jiang reported from Jinan . Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . K.J. Kwon and Jaime A. FlorCruz in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : Court adjourned Thursday and will resume Friday morning Bo denies taking bribes from businessmen in Dalian The former top official calls written testimony from his jailed wife ridiculous Bo describes a former associate 's testimony as "  an ugly performance "
CNN  -- "  Jughead , do you want to be my best man ? " comic book character Archie asks on his blog . The marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in August and on newsstands in September . Archie Andrews -- who spent decades in high school , flirting with girl-next-door Betty Cooper and heiress-next-door Veronica Lodge -- is getting married . "  I am so excited , I am getting Married to Archie . There is so much to do , so many plans to make . I wonder if Betty wants to be my Maid of Honor ? I bet she is so happy for me ! " Veronica writes on her blog . Yup , Archie is marrying Veronica , breaking Betty 's heart . "  I am so sad , I do n't even know what to say , " Betty writes on her blog . Betty has months to dry her tears . The marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in August and on newsstands in September , according to publisher Archie Comic Publications  archiecomics.com  . "  It 's the milestone 600th issue and we 're serving up the Archie story of the century as Archie marries Veronica !!! " the publisher says on its Web site . "  The 32-page issue takes a look at Archie and his friends after they graduate college ! What careers will they seek ? Will the friends stay in Riverdale or disperse ? What would lead Archie to have marriage on his mind ? And who would he choose Veronica or Betty ? How will Betty react ? How will Veronica react ? Can Archie shake off his klutzy past and hold down a steady job ... for more than a month ? One thing is certain : this will be the biggest Archie Comics story ever ! " Archie might be in over his head . According to Veronica 's online profile , "  She is very conceited , usually fickle , and extremely flirtatious . " He went for the bad girl instead of Betty . Her online profile says , "  Through every crazy , loving scheme to win Archie 's love , Betty always remains completely unaffected , loyal and sweet . " Maybe Archie will come to his senses . His online profile says , "  He does things on the spur of the moment , which almost always gives him a very keen cause for regret . "	Comic book character Archie Andrews finally chooses between Betty and Veronica The fictional marriage marks the comic book 's milestone 600th issue Is Archie in over his head ? Fans must wait until August to find out
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Countries whose top leadership meet with the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader , lose on average 8.1 percent in exports to China in the two years following the meeting , according to a recent study . Called the "  Dalai Lama Effect , " the study by the University of Gottingen in Germany found the negative impact on exports began when President Hu Jintao took office in 2002 . The study is the first empirical analysis demonstrating the economic consequence of such meetings . Machinery and transportation equipment exports suffered the most consistent negative impact , following meetings with the 14th Dalai Lama , according to study authors Andreas Fuchs and Nils-Hendrik Klann . "  We wanted to find out the impact of the rising role of China in the world ... to find out what we should expect of China 's role in the world in the coming years , " researcher Fuchs told CNN . "  It is clear that politics has played a huge role in China 's commercial relationships . " China says it opposes politicizing trade and economic ties . However , prior to each of the Dalai Lama 's meetings with leaders , the Chinese government often openly threatens that such meetings will lead to damaged trade relations with China . Using data from the United Nations , Fuchs and Klann tracked exports from 159 countries doing trade with China from 1991 to 2008 . They discovered that exports to China decreased only after the Dalai Lama met with heads of state , such as presidents , prime ministers , kings , queens and the Pope . The Dalai Lama 's meetings with heads of state -- including U.S. presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , German chancellor Angela Merkel and French president Nicolas Sarkozy -- have been a consistent source of diplomatic tension with China . No negative impact was found after meetings of the Dalai Lama with lower-ranking officials , the study said . Dalai Lama talks of retirement In response to the study findings , Tenzin Taklha , joint secretary for the Dalai Lama in Dharamsala , told CNN : "  His Holiness has no intention of causing any inconvenience to the host country he visits . " Taklha added , "  It is unfortunate that the Chinese government views everything His Holiness does through a political angle . " China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs declined to comment . The "  Dalai Lama Effect " is not permanent , according to the study . The negative impact on exports disappeared on average two years after each meeting takes place . "  China has an interest in having its commercial relationships restored . On the other hand , they have interest to really show their anger about a Dalai Lama reception or meeting , " Fuchs said . My Take : Why the Dalai Lama became a global icon The study went on to say , "  China 's political leadership may be willing to bear the economic and political costs that arise from diverting trade away from the Dalai Lama-receiving countries if such ` punishment ' increases the likelihood of its political survival . " The implications of decreased exports to China could hurt the Chinese economy . "  Blocking trade endangers Chinese economic growth , both from a immediate short-term perspective , and longer-term perspective as trade partners seek to diversify away from a potentially-aggressive China , " said Alistair Thornton , China Analyst at IHS Global Insight , a macroeconomic research firm . Moreover , the government may not be responsible for the negative impact on exports in the aftermath of meetings with the Dalai Lama . "  The possibility remains that Chinese companies are taking it upon themselves to curb trade links , rather that it being a direct order from the highest levels , " Thornton said . "  As machinery tools are strongly linked to trade missions , and the government controls the trade missions , the government would appear to be in control here . But it could be less that the government has ordered a freeze on imports , rather than removed one easy way for companies to strike deals for those imports . " More than 95 percent of the Dalai Lama 's visits to foreign countries are non-political in nature , says the Dalai Lama 's joint secretary , but his meetings have long been the subject of intense debate in Beijing . When the Dalai Lama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 , China threatened to sever economic ties with Norway if Norwegian leadership attended the ceremony . In February of this year , U.S. President Barack Obama met with the Dalai Lama in Washington despite warnings from Beijing . Following the meeting , Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai summoned the U.S. ambassador to express China 's discontent . "  The U.S. act grossly interfered in China 's internal affairs , gravely hurt the Chinese people 's national sentiments and seriously damaged the Sino-U.S. ties , " said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu in a statement in February . The long term impact of the "  Dalai Lama Effect " is uncertain . "  Chinese trade relations are not free of political biases ... the country seems to exploit trade ties as a foreign policy tool , " Fuchs and Klann wrote . " -LSB- However -RSB- such an economic punishment mechanism will only prevail as long as the expected political gains from stabilizing the regime outweigh the losses from trade diversion . "	Study : Countries that meet with the Dalai Lama lose 8.1 percent in exports to China Effect lasts for two years following the meeting with the exiled spiritual leader The "  Dalai Lama Effect " began in 2002 when President Hu Jintao took office Only impacts trade if meetings are between a head of state and the Dalai Lama
CNN  -- The price of being a dumb tourist just went up . Authorities in Rome have slapped a 20,000 euros  $ 24,800  fine on a Russian tourist caught carving his name into one of the city 's most famous historic landmarks . The 42-year-old man was apprehended on Friday after a guard at the Colosseum , the Roman amphitheater in the center of the city , saw him carve the letter "  K " in a section of brickwork . After police caught up with him , the man was found guilty of causing "  aggravated damage , " fined and given a four-month suspended sentence . The graffiti was found on a ground floor section of the nearly-2 ,000 year-old structure where restoration work was taking place , according to the Italian ANSA news agency . "  The damage to the monument is notable , " site superintendent Mariarosaria Barbera told ANSA . "  The incision cut out part of the surface of the structure and compromises its conservation and image . " ANSA says the Russian was the fifth tourist caught carving graffiti on the Colosseum 's walls this year . Internet outrage The earlier incidents involve two Australians -- a father and son -- and a Canadian and a Brazilian , both teenagers . Rome 's ancient amphitheater , which attracts about four million visitors a year , is no stranger to vandalism . The damage reached a peak in during the 1930s heyday of fascist leader Benito Mussolini , the Guardian newspaper says . The Colosseum is n't the only world-famous historic structure to suffer such well-publicized indignities . In 2013 , the parents of a 15-year-old Chinese tourist made an apology after their son carved his name on an ancient Egyptian temple . A fellow Chinese traveler spotted the the graffiti , reading "  Ding Jinhao was here , " at the 3,500 year-old Luxor Temple and posted a picture of it on social media . Ding 's family was then tracked down by outraged internet users , prompting the apology . While the Chinese youngster may have escaped with a parental reprimand , as the Colosseum case demonstrates , future scrawlers may soon be paying higher prices for their misdemeanors . Could the writing finally be on the wall for traveling vandals ? Nicola Ruotola contributed to this report from Rome .	Russian charged with "  aggravated damage " after scrawling "  K " on a wall in Colosseum Four-month suspended sentence also handed down for vandalism Staff at ancient monument say the damage has hurt conservation efforts
CNN  -- Police in northern France moved in Wednesday on makeshift migrant camps near the port of Calais , prompting a standoff with the defiant residents -- many of whom have fled conflicts in Syria , Sudan and Eritrea . By late afternoon , a CNN producer observed that the migrants ' tents had all been destroyed . One activist told CNN police were responsible . About a dozen police officers remained , along with 50 to 60 migrants who did n't know where to go . A local prefect reportedly told the migrants they can stay at the camp until Thursday . But Thursday is Ascension Day , a public holiday , so it 's not clear if the migrants will be cleared out before Friday . Hundreds of migrants had gathered in the ramshackle camps , some seeking to claim asylum in France and others hoping to find a way to reach British soil . Mattheu Adt of international humanitarian organization Medecins du Monde , told CNN from one of the camps that police had asked the migrants to move to an undisclosed location , but that the migrants were refusing . Authorities also asked the migrants to shower and decontaminate their clothes , amid concern over an outbreak of the contagious skin condition , scabies , he said . Migrants refused to do that , Adt said , because of concerns their tattered tents would be gone when they returned . "  They fear they will be arrested at the showers , " said CÃ © cile Bossy , an activist with Medecins du Monde . She said migrants were given scabies medication Tuesday night but did n't understand what it was for . Adt said the makeshift camp where he is located housed about 600 people , roughly half of them Syrian , and between 200 and 300 Eritrean and Sudanese . A spokesman for the charity Secours Catholique in Calais confirmed that police had arrived at about 6:30 a.m. local time at a camp and asked the migrants there to board buses to go to "  decontamination " areas . Many of the migrants refused , he said . Earlier , police destroyed another camp -- which housed about 300 people -- with bulldozers , he said . The migrants have been involved in discussions with authorities but do n't know where to go , he said . Official : Dismantling under way An official in Calais told CNN that authorities planned to dismantle the migrants ' makeshift camps by the end of Thursday . Roughly 550 migrants lived in those camps , said Georges Bos , the associate chief of staff of the Pas-de-Calais prefecture -- the local branch of the French government . "  By tonight there will be no possibility left to go to these camps , " he said . Bos said authorities had offered to take the migrants by bus to places where they could shower , adding that dismantling the camps was necessary to prevent further spread of scabies . He said that the prefect of the Pas-de-Calais region had told migrants their immigration status would not be checked and that no arrests would be made . It 's not the first time French authorities have sought to move on the migrants who congregate in the area around Calais , many hoping to smuggle themselves into Britain inside freight trucks going across the English Channel . A camp in Sangatte was dismantled in 2002 and another known as the Jungle was broken up in 2009 . But after each clearance effort , new makeshift camps spring up . ` Deafening silence ' Medecins du Monde is one of a number of humanitarian and rights groups that signed an open letter to French Prime Minister Manuel Valls on Tuesday voicing concern over the plight of the migrants . "  The situation in Calais is worsening in a deafening silence , " it said . "  About 700 foreigners , for the most part of Syrian , Afghan and Eritrean origin , fleeing conflicts , violence and persecution , are installed in the town . " About 550 of those migrants are living in makeshift camps , the letter said , having claimed asylum in France or waiting to attempt the crossing to Britain . "  They live in catastrophic sanitary conditions which have encouraged the development of a scabies epidemic . " The groups were "  stunned " last week to learn that authorities planned to clear the camps and tackle the scabies outbreak on Wednesday , the letter said -- without coming up with any alternative place of shelter for the large majority of people concerned . "  We can anticipate the effects of this expulsion ... inappropriate medical care , people wandering on the streets of Calais , daily police checks , violence , despair and the taking of growing risks to attempt a passage to the United Kingdom , which , since the start of the year , have already caused the deaths of several exiles , " it said . The groups urge the French government to come up with a plan to tackle the sanitary situation in the camps while living up to its responsibility to protect the migrants on its soil . The letter was also sent to the French interior minister and the minister for health and social affairs . Would-be immigrants storm Spanish enclave on Moroccan coast Italy 's Navy rescues 6,000 migrants in just four days The deadliest trek : Dying in the desert CNN 's Stephanie Halasz and journalist Bastien Inzaurralde contributed to this report .	NEW : Camps appear dismantled , but about 50 to 60 migrants remain at one Police are trying to shift migrants from makeshift camps near Calais The migrants do n't want to leave , wo n't take steps to tackle a scabies outbreak , authorities say Calais is a magnet for migrants seeking to reach Britain or claim asylum in France
CNN  -- Once again , there are rumblings that the third - and fourth-largest U.S. wireless carriers may merge to form a larger combined No. 3 . But would this be enough to keep the U.S. wireless market competitive for consumers ? Last week Bloomberg reported that Deutsche Telekom AG , the parent company of T-Mobile , is negotiating a possible sale of T-Mobile to Sprint Nextel Corp. . According to The Hill and The Washington Post , some industry analysts believe the U.S. government would approve this merger . Rumors of this merger have been around since 2009 , when DT was eyeing a purchase of Sprint . And last weekend , TMOnews reported on an ambiguous non-confirmation/non-denial memo sent to T-Mobile employees by CEO Philip Humm . Given the nature of wireless networks and the current business landscape , T-Mobile probably needs to make some kind of major move if it hopes to survive in some form . In the big picture , it takes a lot of capital to build out high-speed wireless broadband networks that can support an ever-growing number of data-hungry devices such as smartphones and tablets -- especially if streaming mobile video becomes popular , and if the Obama administration is serious about its national wireless initiative to make wireless broadband available to 98 % of the U.S. population . Carriers with the largest customer base -- especially the most customers locked in to pricey two-year contracts -- are in the best financial position to build out their 4G networks . Having those networks , in turn , makes the largest carriers even more likely to attract even more customers . And this is the economic dynamic that could turn the U.S. wireless market into a Verizon/AT & T duopoly , with only some discount carriers surviving on the fringes . For U.S. mobile users , further wireless market consolidation is a good news/bad news situation . It offers the promise of ubiquitous high-speed wireless broadband networks available in markets outside major metro areas , which would lessen the geographic aspect of the mobile digital divide . But just because wireless broadband is available in a region does n't mean everyone there can afford to use it . A less competitive wireless market could mean wireless broadband wo n't get much cheaper . And it could even get more costly , especially if tiered data plans become the norm -- which would make more sense for the carriers in a less competitive environment . That would be bad news on the income/class front of the mobile digital divide . Lately , T-Mobile has been taking a bit of a beating in the U.S. market . Bloomberg noted : "  T-Mobile ... has lost customers at an accelerated rate as it trailed rivals in building out a third-generation mobile network and missed out on being able to sell Apple 's iPhone . About 56,000 customers abandoned T-Mobile USA last year , while Sprint , AT&T and Verizon Wireless all boosted their counts . " Consequently , DT may not be pleased with what Sprint may be willing to offer for T-Mobile -- so who knows if this merger will happen . Furthermore , a T-Mobile/Sprint merger might be difficult for technical reasons . Wireless Week noted : "  T-Mobile currently markets its HSPA + network as 4G but lacks the bandwidth to deploy LTE or WiMAX . Sprint and T-Mobile use different network technology and operate on different spectrum bands , which would complicate a possible merger of the companies ' wireless services . " If T-Mobile hopes to survive intact , it 'll need access to much more bandwidth in more U.S. locations . So if the Sprint merger does n't happen , T-Mobile does have options -- mainly leasing additional spectrum or access to other providers ' networks , such as LightSquared , a wholesale-only wireless LTE network . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Deutsche Telekom AG is negotiating a possible sale of T-Mobile to Sprint Nextel Corp About 56,000 customers abandoned T-Mobile USA last year By contrast , Sprint , AT&T and Verizon Wireless all boosted their subscriber bases
MNN.com  -- Lulu and I have fostered our share of dogs over the years . It 's always fun to watch her teach shy and withdrawn pooches to cuddle or play keep-away . But I must admit that Lulu also has humped a few foster dogs in her day , even though she was spayed as a puppy . For advice on how to prevent this unwelcome behavior , I called trainers Andrew Zbeeb of Frogs to Dogs in Atlanta and Kate Jackson of Jabula Dog Academy in Decatur , Ga. . Both deal with unruly pets for a living , and both agree that it 's important to address "  special hugging " early and often . "  It 's more of an assertive thing than anything else , " says Jackson . "  It 's a way of belittling another dog . It 's not necessarily dominating , but it 's very rude . " To correct naughty dogs caught in the act , separate them immediately , Jackson says . Give the offending pooch a 30-second time out to sit and decompress . Then allow the dogs to resume play . "  If they step out of line again , offer time out again , " she says . "  Redirect , redirect , redirect . " MNN : ` Jenga ' dog and his owner defy the critics Changing this behavior can take time , Zbeeb says . So do n't get frustrated . It 's the natural , normal way that dogs establish pecking order , he says , even if they have been spayed or neutered . That explains why Lulu reserves this unwelcome greeting for fosters rather than play dates . She never dared such rudeness with Daisy , my sister 's smaller but more dominant , pint-sized pooch . "  It 's a primitive instinct , " Zbeeb says , adding that a high-value treat such as cheese or meat can help lure pets to another activity . He stresses that the treat has to be especially good to trump that instinctual behavior to hump . Also , it helps to put a leash on the dogs so you can lead them out of the room for a time out . No matter how embarrassed you get , it 's important to maintain a level head when addressing bad behavior . Cursing or yelling only worsens the problem , warns Jackson . As a lead trainer of pit bull training classes offered by the Humane Society of the United States , she puts that theory to practice every Saturday with mix of altered and unaltered dogs . If they grow agitated , Jackson maintains a calm demeanor in the eye of the storm . "  The minute you raise your voice and start yelling for something that 's embarrassing or stupid or bad , you lower your level of control , " she says . "  When your dog does something that mortifies you , be swift and get in there . " MNN : How to train your dog to behave around guests That same rule applies if your dog decides to hump humans . Pull them away and schedule an immediate time out that 's outside or far away from the situation . You also can step into the dog 's space , reasserting your authority . "  Humping a human , that 's pretty ballsy , " Jackson says , no pun intended . That may be grounds for calling in a trainer for assistance . "  If a dog shows confidence enough to belittle a human , they have low regard for people . That 's a dog that wo n't tolerate any correction from a lot of people -- and that can be pretty dangerous . " In a previous column , I offered tips to help dogs behave around guests . Mastering the "  place " command helps ensure good behavior . Zbeeb also recommends teaching your dog to properly greet humans . Start by making the dog sit and stay about 8 feet from the front door , but not right in front of the door . Once your dog masters sitting and staying , it 's time for you to approach the door . If the dog moves , offer a correction and make it return to the original spot . Return to the door and open it slightly , rewarding your dog for sitting and staying . Repeat this process daily . By the end of the week , your dog should be able to sit and stay without approaching the door , even if it 's wide open . Of course , it took much longer than a week for Lulu and me . Once you 've mastered this step , practice with familiar faces ringing the doorbell , then graduate to having strangers come to the door . With each exercise , the dog should maintain a sit and stay when guests arrive . "  Learning how to do this will also resolve the issue of humping humans , " Zbeeb says . "  Dogs that hump humans do n't have boundaries and are saying , ` I 'm the boss . ' " We ca n't have that , can we ? © Copyright 2010 Mother Nature Network	Andrew Zbeeb Kate Jackson agree that it 's important to address "  special hugging " early and often To correct naughty dogs caught in the act , separate them immediately Cursing or yelling only worsens the problem
London  CNN  -- EADS and BAE Systems have dropped plans to merge after failing to win political support for a $ 45 billion deal that would have created a European aerospace and defense giant . "  It has become clear that the interests of the parties ' government stakeholders can not be adequately reconciled with each other or with the objectives that BAE Systems and EADS established for the merger , " the companies said in a statement Wednesday . Read more detail : CNNMoney France and Germany were keen to retain political influence in a merged company , a stance Britain believed would have put at risk BAE 's privileged access to military contracts in the United States . Barry Norris , founding partner of Argonaut Capital Partners , an investor in EADS , told CNN : "  we think today 's decision to terminate merger talks is actually a triumph for common sense and shareholder value . " He added : "  It 's easy to forget that these are companies owned by their shareholders . " Watch : What went wrong ? A merger would have brought together the maker of Airbus planes with Europe 's largest arms manufacturer and created a global rival to U.S. defense contractors such as Lockheed Martin , Northrop Grumman and Boeing . Several British lawmakers , including Conservative Member of Parliament Ben Wallace , wrote to Prime Minister David Cameron earlier this month , raising concerns about the deal . BAE and EADS believed that together they would be able to generate stronger growth by achieving a better revenue balance between civil aviation and defense , but that commercial rationale was challenged by some major investors . "  We are obviously disappointed that we were unable to reach an acceptable agreement with our various government stakeholders , " BAE Systems Chief Executive Ian King said . CNNMoney 's Mark Thompson and CNN 's Jim Boulden and Irene Chapple contributed to this report	A $ 45 billion deal for EADS and BAE Systems to merge has collapsed The deal had struggled against political and shareholder opposition to salvage plans The deal was complicated by the desire of France and Germany to retain political influence
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal investigators Tuesday blamed the pilot of a Southwest Airlines jet for causing the plane to skid off a runway at Chicago 's Midway Airport in 2005 , an accident that killed a 6-year-old boy . A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-700 , like the plane here , skidded off a Chicago runway in 2005 . "  The probable cause was the pilot 's failure to use available reverse thrust in a timely manner to safely slow or stop the aircraft after landing which resulted in a runway overrun , " the National Transportation Safety Board ruled . Southwest Airlines flight 1248 slid off a 6,500-foot runway at Midway while landing during a heavy snowstorm in December 2005 . The Boeing 737-700 was still moving at 46 mph when it crashed through a barrier wall and then slid into an intersection outside the airport grounds , hitting two cars . The NTSB found the pilot and co-pilot were unfamiliar with the jet 's automatic brake system , which "  distracted them from thrust reverser usage during the challenging landing . " The agency also found the pilot 's failure to divert the flight to another airport amid reports of poor braking on the runway and tailwinds above 5 mph contributed to the accident . The accident killed Joshua Woods , 6 , of Leroy , Indiana , and injured 12 others , including his parents and two younger brothers . It was the first fatal accident in the history of the Dallas-based airline . None of the 98 passengers and five crew members aboard the Baltimore-to-Chicago flight were hurt . The NTSB found Southwest failed to provide its pilots with "  clear and consistent guidance and training " on company policies regarding arrival landing-distance calculations . It also said the programming and design of the aircraft 's onboard computers and the airline 's plan to implement new auto-brake procedures without giving pilots time to learn those procedures contributed to the accident . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Kathleen Koch contributed to this report .	National Transportation Safety Board : Pilot error caused 2005 runway accident Southwest Airlines jet skidded off a runway at Chicago 's Midway Airport The incident resulted in the death of a 6-year-old boy Pilot , co-pilot were unfamiliar with jet 's automatic brake system , NTSB said
CNN  -- Smokable herbal blends marketed as "  legal highs " have become increasingly popular and as easy to buy as cigarettes . The blends of exotic herbs and other plants have been sprayed or coated with one or more chemicals that , when smoked , produce euphoria . They are commonly labeled as herbal incense to mask their intended purpose . These contain drugs that are dangerous and should be illegal . "  K2 " is a brand name for a dried herbal blend that can be smoked . It produces a high similar to that of marijuana but does n't contain tetrahydrocannabinol  THC  , the psychoactive chemical in marijuana . Instead , K2 contains synthetic chemicals , known as JWH-018 and JWH-073 , that mimic THC by acting on the cannabinoid receptors in the brain . For another opinion , click here JWH-018 and JWH-073 are produced in China and unregulated in the United States . Similar products have been produced and marketed under names such as Spice , Genie , Blaze , Red X Dawn and Zohai . Since 2009 , the Drug Enforcement Administration has been receiving reports of the abuse of these herbal products . K2 's key ingredients were invented by Dr. John Huffman at Clemson University in 1995 during medical research on the effects of cannabinoids on the brain . He found no medical benefits -- only negative side effects . Unfortunately , marijuana users reproduced the recipe , creating a legal alternative to marijuana . Although the company manufacturing K2 is unknown , it is legally available for purchase in the U.S. by anyone , including minors . In late 2008 , herbal incense-type products that were being shipped from Europe to the U.S. were found to contain traces of another potent psychoactive chemical known as HU-210 . It is classified as a Schedule I controlled substance because it is a derivative of THC with a similar chemical structure and pharmacological activity . HU-210 was also developed for experimental purposes and can be from 100 to 800 times as potent as THC . In 2009 , Germany banned the sale of Spice because tests revealed that it contained JWH-018 and yet another potent chemical , CP-47 497 , developed by a drug company in the 1980s for research purposes . It produces effects similar to THC and is three to 28 times more potent . Spice is banned by some U.S. military commands , where the potential for its abuse has been recognized . Research has linked naturally produced marijuana to health issues , including schizophrenia . With synthetic marijuana being even more potent , it is frightening to consider its potential damage . K2 can cause increased heart rate , loss of consciousness , paranoia , hallucinations and psychotic episodes . Users report that smoking small amounts results in intense highs comparable to smoking large amounts of marijuana . Studies in 2008 revealed that users developed chemical dependencies , withdrawal and addictive behaviors . Increasing numbers of children are purchasing synthetic marijuana products because they are legal and easier to obtain than cigarettes . Because of the various chemicals being used , these substances are difficult to regulate . But the DEA is determining whether some or all of these products need to be controlled . More research is definitely needed . With young people using K2 more , some states are not waiting for the DEA and are moving to ban it . Let 's face it : Anytime you consume an uncontrolled or unregulated drug or a drug with unknown effects , you are taking a risk . Products like K2 are not made in a controlled environment , and those who use it are playing Russian roulette . Schedule I drugs are defined as substances that have a high potential for abuse and no accepted medical use . At this time , the evidence suggests that these synthetic marijuana substances should be controlled and perhaps classified as Schedule I drugs . Making these drugs illegal makes it more difficult for dealers to push them to our children . It limits availability and sends a message that the drug is dangerous -- an extremely important message since history has shown that when youngsters perceive drugs to be harmful , they are less likely to use them . K2 serves no apparent useful purpose , and we do not need more addicted family members , drug-impaired drivers or drug-related deaths . The sale of synthetic marijuana is banned in Britain , Germany , Poland , France , South Korea and Russia . The U.S. should move urgently to protect the public from yet another dangerous and potentially deadly class of drugs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Calvina Fay .	Calvina Fay : Minors can buy smokable herbal blends sprayed with chemicals Fay says "  synthetic marijuana " labeled as herbal incense to mask intended purpose K2 contains dangerous drugs and should be illegal , she says , as it is in several nations We do n't need more addicts , drug-impaired drivers or drug-related deaths , Fay writes
A Honduran radio journalist has been found executed , authorities said -- the 22nd journalist to be killed in the nation since 2010 . As he drove to work last week , Alfredo Villatoro Angel was kidnapped by six unknown people traveling in two vehicles , police said . His body was found Tuesday night . "  He had two shots to the head , and his face was covered with a red bandanna , " Security Ministry spokesman Ivan Mejia said . Dozens of relatives , co-workers and government officials flocked to the morgue in Tegucigalpa in solidarity . Video showed dozens of people crying and holding each other . Villatoro is the latest in what the Committee to Protect Journalists this month called a "  wave of violence and intimidation against journalists . " According to the media freedom organization , an atmosphere of violence and impunity has made Honduras one of the most dangerous countries for journalists . "  A climate of unrelenting hostility toward Honduran journalists is restricting the flow of news and eroding citizens ' right to information , " Carlos Lauría , the Committee to Protect Journalists ' senior program coordinator for the Americas , said last week . "  This situation endures because Honduran authorities have yet to take decisive action to enforce the law and guarantee the safety of journalists . " According to the United Nations , Honduras has the highest homicide rate per capita in the world . Danilo Izaguirre , who was Villatoro 's companion at National Radio Honduras  HRN by its Spanish initials  , said journalists will continue their work , despite the message the killers are sending . "  If it  the message  is to shut up , I will not be silent . If it is about speaking the truth , we 'll tell the truth anywhere we are located , from any trench , from anywhere , " he said . President Lobo , who took office in 2010 , urged journalists not to be intimidated and said the government will continue to fight crime . But according to the Committee to Protect Journalists , Lobo 's government has minimized crimes against journalists and has been slow in bringing the killers to justice . According to the country 's Public Ministry , only five cases relating to journalist killings are being processed , and no one has been convicted . "  This is serious , especially the degree of impunity ... in these cases of death and threats against journalists and the media . That tells the world that we have failed in criminal investigations , " said Andres Pavon , president of the Committee for the Defense of Human Rights in Honduras .	Alfredo Villatoro was found with two gunshot wounds to the head He is the 22nd journalist killed in Honduras since 2010 Committee to Protect Journalists says killers have found impunity for these crimes
CNN  To scuba divers and tourists , Belize 's famous "  Blue Hole " underwater cave is a wonder , one of the "  10 most amazing places on Earth , " according to the Discovery Channel . To scientists , it 's something more : evidence of the drought that is suspected to have led to the demise of the Mayan civilization . New research reinforces that theory , Rice University Earth scientist Andre Droxler told LiveScience . The team drilled cores from the Blue Hole sinkhole and a nearby lagoon . They found that the ratio of titanium to aluminum changed in the ninth and 10th centuries , a period when the Mayan civilization in the Yucatan Peninsula went into decline . More titanium means that heavier rains were affecting the region , since the runoff from the area 's volcanic rock is rich in the element . But from about A.D. 800 to 1000 , the ratio between the two elements was much smaller , indicating that there was much less rainfall . "  When you have major droughts , you start to get famines and unrest , " Droxler said . The Mayan civilization , noted for its advances in astronomy and agriculture  not to mention that calendar system that some believed prophesied world devastation on December 21 , 2012  , dominated the Yucatan in the first half of the first millennium A.D. . But by 900 , most of the civilization 's cities , located in present-day Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras and southern Mexico , had been abandoned . The question of why this happened has tantalized scientists and historians for decades . The drought theory is n't new , but the findings of Droxler and his colleagues buttress other studies . In 2012 , samples from a 2,000-year-old stalagmite also showed that drought had afflicted the region in the latter half of the first millennium A.D. "  The main finding was that a prolonged drought contributed to the collapse of Classic Mayan civilization , " environmental archaeologist Douglas Kennett told LiveScience two years ago . Droxler and his colleagues published their findings in Scientific Reports .	Investigation of Belize 's "  Blue Hole " indicates drought did in Mayan civilization Mayan civilization peaked in middle of first millennium ; cities were abandoned by end of era "  When you have major droughts , you start to get famines and unrest , " says researcher
CNN  -- Louisville , Kentucky , police say a woman gave birth in the bathroom of the Kohl 's clothing store where she worked , then left the newborn girl in a trash can where another worker later found the child dead . Jessica Price , 29 , is charged with murder , abuse of a corpse and tampering with physical evidence in the August 8 death of the baby . "  We believe the baby was born alive and would be alive today if she had provided basic care for the baby , " Louisville police Lt. Todd Kessinger said , according to CNN affiliate WLKY-TV . According to Kessinger , Price went into the bathroom during her shift , then left for two hours , WLKY reported . When she came back to work , police were already on the scene after being summoned by store officials . "  The baby was discovered by another Kohl 's worker . He went into the bathroom to change the trash bags and found the baby inside , " WLKY quoted Kessinger as saying . Price , who remained jailed Friday pending an August 26 court appearance , told investigators she had concealed the pregnancy and gave birth at the store , Kessenger said , according to WLKY . What authorities did n't say is why . Kentucky has a state law allowing parents of newborns to give up unwanted babies at hospital emergency rooms , police stations and fire stations , according to CNN affiliate WHAS-TV .	Louisville woman charged with murder after newborn found in workplace trash can Police say Jessica Price , 29 , gave birth to the baby and allowed it to die A co-worker found the child 's body last week
CNN  First , it was the snowy weather . An American Airlines flight trying to leave Boston on Sunday night was delayed for about 2 1/2 hours before it finally took off at 10:52 p.m. . The crew of American Flight 223 knew hours before takeoff that they could n't go the distance to Los Angeles . The first officer was going to exceed his allotted work time , as dictated by the Federal Aviation Administration , if he flew the entire route , American spokeswoman Victoria Lupica said . That 's why the crew made the decision to divert to Chicago O'Hare International Airport that night and informed the passengers hours prior to takeoff , Lupica said . The passengers were told about the stop in Chicago while still in the Boston boarding area , several hours before departing , she said . They would have had time to rebook if they wanted to do so . "  Certainly , the weather had a lot to do with this decision , " Lupica said . "  It was prudent to depart and be able to go as far as Chicago , " especially with the snow predictions in the Boston area . Given Monday 's snowfall in the Boston area , it seems like a smart decision to get out of town . It 's not likely the flight would have taken off Monday . Boston Logan International Airport remained open , but most flights have been canceled , Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker said . 3 Mondays , 3 straight snowstorms bury the Northeast Snowstorms in the Northeast have caused the cancellation and delay of thousands of flights over the past couple months . FlightAware.com showed more than 700 flights within , into and out of the United States canceled for Sunday , on top of the more than 1,500 flights scheduled to be scrubbed Monday . Flight 223 's passengers landed in Chicago just after midnight and were put up in hotels overnight . They departed Chicago with a new crew at 8:05 a.m. Monday and landed in Los Angeles at 10:11 a.m. , according to FlightAware.com . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this story .	Weather delayed an American flight out of Boston for more than two hours Pilot work rules forced the flight to divert to Chicago
CNN  -- If this is one of the perks of being a crooked stockbroker , then perhaps it 's not such a bad career choice after all -- just ask Leonardo DiCaprio . Champagne flute in one hand , lobster in the other , the Hollywood actor was the picture of outrageous excess when he played the lead role in Martin Scorsese 's "  Wolf of Wall Street . " And the jewel in his corrupt crown ? A 45-meter superyacht called Nadine . But the high life is n't just for the cinema screen . In fact , you could be sailing the seas on the very same boat that appeared in the Oscar-nominated film -- if you can stump up $ 125,000 a week to charter her . Featuring a hot tub , cocktail bar and enough bedrooms to accommodate 10 guests , the lavish vessel -- called Lady M -- was used to depict the real-life yacht owned by infamous stockbroker Jordan Belfort . In the real world , Nadine sank in 1997 after Belfort ordered the captain to sail her into a storm off the coast of Italy , while supposedly high on drugs . But if you want to retrace DiCaprio 's ostentatious footsteps -- without the near-death experience -- you can now charter the yacht , which will tour the Bahamas from April . Star struck Why would someone fork out hundreds of thousands of dollars to rent such a vessel ? "  I imagine it 's much like being in the presence of the actual movie star -- you will get to sit where they did , walk where they did , maybe even look at memorabilia if the crew were allowed to take pictures , " says Nicci Perides , editor of search site Charterfleet.com , which features Lady M and other film boats . "  It adds something extra special to that charter . I guess it 's similar to how restaurants that are frequented by A-listers are always very popular with us mere mortals . " From Daniel Craig to Demi Moore Of course , Lady M is n't the only big-screen vessel available for hire . Fancy cruising the high seas like James Bond on a mission to save the world ? Elegant 56-meter Regina -- which Daniel Craig sailed in 2012 film "  Skyfall " -- could be yours for a mere $ 96,000 a week . Then there 's Big Eagle , the 52-meter yacht on which Demi Moore performed a tabletop striptease for Burt Reynolds in the 1996 film aptly titled "  Striptease . " What goes on in Big Eagle , stays on Big Eagle , particularly if you 're paying $ 165,000 per week to charter it . An African Queen If you 're looking for a big-screen boat , without the big price , then look no further than the African Queen . The rickety steamboat ferried film legends Katharine Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart down the Congo in the 1951 classic , "  The African Queen . " The ramshackle eight-meter wooden vessel was saved from the scrapyard almost a decade ago , and now attracts film buffs from across the U.S. for joy trips at the more reasonable price of $ 49 . "  People will drive eight hours to get here , just to ride her . They 'll go out in rain , thunderstorms . They 're just so desperate to go on-board , " says co-owner Suzanne Holmquist , who runs river cruises in Key Largo , Florida . "  A lot of people say it was the first movie they ever saw in theaters , so the boat means a lot , to a lot of people . I think she 's as much a star of the film as Bogart was . " Lights , Camera , Action But before a yacht even graces the big screen , it needs a dedicated team of cameramen to brave the elements . For Superyacht Media creative director Jeff Brown , that often means hanging out of a helicopter to get the perfect shot . "  To get the best aerial shots you need a good pilot , it 's very important . The more they understand the shot I 'm after and know how to maneuver the helicopter , that really helps , " he says . "  There are not many restrictions , other than your imagination . " And much like the "  Wolf of Wall Street , " it seems the only restriction to living out your cinematic sailing dream is how much you 're willing to pay . See : Introducing the word 's biggest superyacht Learn : How to take the perfect sailing action shot	Love the film ? Now you can rent the yacht Sail the seas on "  Wolf of Wall Street " superyacht , for $ 125,000 a week Holiday on vessels from James Bond 's "  Skyfall " and Demi Moore 's "  Striptease " Rent steamboat from 1951 classic "  African Queen , " starring Hepburn and Bogart
Health.com  -- If you ever need motivation to slide off the couch and hit the gym , just think of Dara Torres . At 45 , the superstar swimmer has been training feverishly to make her sixth Olympic swim team at London 's Summer Games . Her event : the 50-meter freestyle , which is one frenzied lap . The swimmer  and model , TV sports commentator , author , and mother of 6-year-old Tessa , with ex-boyfriend David Hoffman  loves a challenge , but she 's had some tough ones thrown her way in the past few years . In 2009 , she underwent major knee surgery for arthritis and had to take off a year to recover . Last year , her coach , Michael Lohberg , whom she adored , died at 61 from a rare blood disorder . And she has found that her body -- as insanely fit as it is -- does n't bounce back from training as fast as it did a few years ago . So this time around , she 's shaking things up and taking a more scientific approach . In her adopted hometown of Coral Springs , Florida , she 's assembled a team that includes a naturopathic doctor , a cook  "  because it 's just me and Tessa , and she wants mac 'n' cheese every night "  , a nutritionist , and a pair of therapists who stretch her for two hours post-workout . Recently , she even saw a specialist who analyzed her eye movements and prescribed exercises to improve her motion sickness . Fun and games ? Actually -- surprisingly -- yes . Over a dinner of steak and Yukon gold potatoes one night in the weeks leading up to the U.S. Olympic Trials , which start in late June  if she comes in first or second , she goes to London  , the funny , down-to-earth athlete talked about what she eats , how she got those killer abs , and what it 's like to share the pool with a bunch of 20-year-olds . If you compete in London , you 'll be the oldest female Olympic swimmer everâ $ " how do you feel about that ? You know what ? To me , it 's an honor . People say , "  You must get sick of everyone talking about your age , " but it really does n't bother me . Health.com : Defy your age , inside and out So it does n't psych you out to be competing against people half your age ? Not many things psych me out ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I just try to have fun . I mean , I definitely have aches and pains that most middle-aged people have . What 's funny is that I listen to music before I swim a race and while I train . And I 'm surrounded by teenagers -- everything is hip-hop for them . So I 've really gotten into the hip-hop scene ! I 'll always have my classic rock -- the Rolling Stones , the Doors , the Who -- but I 've made some other playlists with Kanye West , Rihanna , Jay-Z ... How did changing your weight-training strategy in 2006 help improve your swimming ? My old school of training was the heavier you lift in the weight room , the stronger you 'll be in the water , but I felt like I was sinking because I had so much bulk on me . When my strength coach first came to see me , he said , "  If you 're using every muscle in the pool , why should n't you use every muscle in the weight room ? " Now my core is involved and the stuff I do really elongates my body , and I do n't feel so heavy in the water . Dara , the entire nation is obsessed with your abs . We want to know your secrets . OK , the first thing is genetics . My brother and I , our body types are exactly the same : ripped abs , big arms , skinny legs . And the second thing is my training . As far as ab sets , the most I do is maybe 30 reps , but there are always some kind of rotational movements using my core while I 'm working out . And I train extremely hard , so that 's why my abs are so strong -- I use my core in almost every exercise I do . Health.com : Dara Torres 's moves for rock hard abs There 's so much pressure on you . How do you sleep the night before a big race ? It 's called Ambien . Do you really ? Oh , yeah . There are a lot of athletes who will take it if they need to fall asleep before they compete -- because you 're thinking about your race and you 're tossing and turning . I 'll take an Ambien if I 'm having a really hard time going to sleep . But the next day is the Olympics -- are n't you groggy ? No , I feel pretty good . It 's not like I 'm doing it all the time , but it definitely helps you to conk out . How do you deal with jitters in general ? Any tricks ? I always feel sick to my stomach before I swim . But the minute I 'm on the block , everything is calm and I 'm ready to go . The way I look at it is , "  I 've done everything I can at this point , I should just enjoy it . " That takes the pressure off . Health.com : Stressed ? 7 steps to instant calm Let 's talk about food . How much wiggle room do you have for splurges ? Women are going to hate hearing this , but I just have a really good metabolism . So did my mom . I used to take advantage of that and eat whatever I wanted . It 's different now . This is my last Olympics and I need to give it 100 % . But I told myself that this summer -- when I 'm done training for good -- I 'm going to go back to drinking Coke Slurpees . Even with a fabulous metabolism , do you ever have days where you feel fat ? Oh yeah . And in my cycle , absolutely . I just got it a few days ago , and I was like "  Why is my stomach so bloated ? Oh , hello . " Other people may not see it , but I do . That 's the other thing that 's interesting -- working with a naturopathic doctor , I know that there are certain times in my cycle where my hormones are so low that if I train hard , it will take me forever to recover . So I actually have to let my nice 30-something male coach know so he does n't train me hard during those times . You 've talked about battling bulimia during the early part of your career . Any regrets about coming clean ? No . I wrote about it in my book because I wanted people to know me and not just , "  I 'm first place . " I had such a fear of food for so long , but I finally got over it . What 's your biggest energy sapper ? Probably being in the sun too much . I take my dog , Scarlett , to the beach on Sundays , and I 'm in the sun every day anyway with my training . I never go outside before I 'm going to swim in a meet . Health.com : 8 ways to instantly boost your energy You 're very competitive -- for you , second place is losing ! But what about outside the world of swimming ? Are you the type that says , "  Lady , I 'm taking that parking space , " and jams on the gas ? Constantly ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- It 's just in my makeup . It does n't matter if it 's in the pool or in a parking lot , I always have to be first -- it 's ridiculous . I have bets with friends all the time . I just have to win . I 'm hoping when I hang up my suit to dry this summer that it will go away . What 's motivating you this time ? Why keep proving yourself ? I do n't think I have to prove anything anymore . It 's just the fact that I love challenges , and this is a huge one I 'm taking on -- much more so than four years ago . My coach and I had spoken about taking on this challenge before he passed away , and I want to finish what we talked about . Plus , the fact that so many people come up to me and say I inspire them really gets me going . I want to still give people hope that they can do the things that they thought , maybe , they could n't do . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Dara Torres is training to make her sixth Olympics team at 45 Her team includes a naturopathic doctor , a cook , a nutritionist and therapists Torres used to take advantage of her metabolism and eat anything
Washington  CNN  -- Investigators believe that Times Square bombing suspect Faisal Shahzad had ties to TTP , a Pakistani Taliban group , a senior law enforcement official and a U.S. intelligence official said Thursday . The law enforcement official said the extent of Shahzad 's involvement with TTP has not been determined and could range from communications to training , and does not necessarily mean that TTP directed the attack . TTP released a video making a claim of responsibility for the attack on a website established the day before the failed bombing attempt , but a spokesman for TTP has denied any connection with the 30-year-old Pakistani-American . A U.S. official said earlier in the day that connections to TTP were "  plausible , " but noted that numerous connections among insurgent groups in Pakistan made it difficult to zero in on a single responsible group . The advance came shortly after a senior U.S. official said that new leads developed from the Pakistani end of the investigation show Shahzad likely had training in Pakistan from extremists . The official has direct knowledge of discussions between senior U.S. and Pakistani officials about the case . "  Did he receive help in Pakistan ? Yes he did , " said the official . The official said Shahzad is believed to have received training of some sort but would not say if the training was specific to the Times Square bombing attempt . The official and another U.S. official said investigators had not concluded from which group Shahzad may have received help . Also Thursday , a high-level team of U.S. and Pakistani investigators grilled Shahzad 's father and interrogated four people linked to a notorious Pakistani militant group , intelligence officials said . The interrogators questioned Bahar Ul Haq in the northwestern Pakistan city of Peshawar . The retired senior Pakistani air force officer is the father of Shahzad . Ul Haq -- who lives in the Peshawar suburb of Hayatabad -- was neither detained nor arrested , the source said . Another official said the team was also questioning four men suspected of having links to the militant group Jaish-e-Mohammed . Banned in Pakistan , the group 's aim is to unite the disputed territory of Kashmir with Pakistan and to expel foreign troops from Afghanistan , according to the National Counterterrorism Center . It is also close to al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban . India and Pakistan have had disputes over Kashmir for decades . Shahzad told investigators he recently received bomb-making training in the Waziristan area of Pakistan , sources said . North and South Waziristan are regions in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas ; both border Afghanistan . Officials said they suspect that Shahzad may be part of the Pakistani Taliban , a militant group fighting Pakistani forces . While the Pakistani Taliban has praised Shahzad in the wake of the failed bombing , it has denied a link to the man . In recent days , authorities in Pakistan have rounded up a number of people for questioning . One was Muhammed Rehan , an alleged associate of Shahzad who allegedly has links to Jaish-e-Mohammed , a senior Pakistani official said . Rehan allegedly was instrumental in making possible a meeting between Shahzad and at least one senior Taliban official , the official said . The official said that Rehan drove Shahzad on July 7 to Peshawar . At some point , they headed to the Waziristan region , where they met with one or more senior Taliban leaders , the official said . Several officials in Karachi said Rehan was picked up in Karachi 's North Nazimabad district . They said others were taken into custody for questioning on Wednesday , but they could not say how many , who they were or where they were seized . It was not clear if Rehan was one of the four with alleged Jaish links being questioned on Thursday . Others taken in for questioning include Iftikhar Mian , the father-in-law of the suspect , and Tauseef Ahmed , a friend of Shahzad . They were picked up in Karachi on Tuesday , two intelligence officials said . Meanwhile , efforts to determine what may have motivated the suspect continued . An official familiar with the investigation said Wednesday that Shahzad felt Islam was under attack . Any grudge Shahzad may have held against the United States appears to have developed recently , according to a senior U.S. official who is familiar with the investigation but not authorized to speak publicly . The investigation has found nothing to indicate that Shahzad had any long-standing grudge or anger toward the United States , the official said . In Connecticut , where Shahzad was living , a prominent member of the Pakistani-American community said Thursday that he had maintained a low profile and appeared to have become more religious over the past year . CNNMoney : Faisal Shahzad 's $ 65,000 home equity piggy bank "  He was somebody who was under the radar ; he was never a part of our community , never a part of our events or meetings , " said Dr. Saud Anwar , founder and past president of the Pakistani American Association of Connecticut . After news broke about the suspect , the pulmonologist sent out e-mails to others in the community to dredge up what he could about Shahzad . "  As a physician , I look at it as a disease , " Anwar said of Shahzad 's apparent radical turn . "  I try to understand what led to the disease ... how we can prevent a disease like this . " Anwar said his e-mails turned up a man who studied with Shahzad at the University of Bridgeport and had stayed in touch with him since then , but does not want to be identified publicly . "  He recalled him as a regular individual , outgoing , interacting with people , interested to learn , not isolated , " Anwar said . But , in the past year or so , "  he felt there was a change in his personality , " Anwar said , explaining that Shahzad appeared to become introverted , asocial and "  a little bit more religious . " Anwar added , "  There was a little anger in there . -LSB- The friend -RSB- felt -LSB- Shahzad -RSB- was looking at things as true black and white . " Returning to his disease analogy , the physician said that , after Shahzad returned from Pakistan early this year , "  The disease became a little bit more progressive , much stronger . " Shahzad told his friend that , as a Pakistani-American , he was looking for work in the Middle East "  because he was having challenges with his job over here , " Anwar said . "  He just mentioned that he was seeking something . I do n't know if he found anything or not . " Shahzad has admitted he drove a Nissan Pathfinder into Times Square on Saturday night and attempted to detonate the vehicle , which was packed with gasoline , propane tanks , fireworks and fertilizer , according to a complaint filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in New York . The previous day , he carried out a dry run , parking his Isuzu SUV on West 38th Street between 9th and 10th avenues a few blocks from Times Square to be used the following day as a getaway car , a law enforcement source briefed on the investigation told said . But on Saturday , after he left the smoking Pathfinder on West 45th Street just west of Broadway and walked to the Isuzu , he realized he did n't have the Isuzu keys , the source said . So he headed to Grand Central Terminal and boarded a train to Connecticut . Two store owners on West 38th Street said they had turned over surveillance tapes to authorities at their request . After a 53-hour police manhunt , Shahzad was arrested late Monday at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport after boarding a flight bound for Dubai , United Arab Emirates . His final destination was to have been in Pakistan . Read complaint filed in federal court Tuesday  PDF He has been charged with attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , acts of terrorism transcending national boundaries , and three other counts in connection with the incident . If convicted , he faces up to life in prison . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Jeanne Meserve , Elise Labott , Deb Feyerick , Reza Sayah , Samson Desta , Mary Snow , Jennifer Rizzo , Jill Dougherty and Fran Townsend contributed to this story .	Extent of involvement has not been determined , official says Faisal Shahzad probably trained with extremists in Pakistan , official says Suspect 's father , four other men interrogated in Pakistan
CNN  -- Scientists in Colombia have unearthed the remains of a true prehistoric monster believed to be the biggest snake ever to have lived on Earth . An artist 's impression of what Titanoboa cerrejonensis would have looked like . Named Titanoboa cerrejonensis , the snake would have weighed 1,140 kilograms  2,500 pounds  and measured 13 meters  42.7 feet  nose to tail tip -- dwarfing the largest modern pythons and anacondas which can grow to 6 meters  19.5 feet  . Scientists believe it slithered around the planet between 58 and 60 million years ago . Geologist David Polly , who identified the position of the fossil vertebrae which made a size estimate possible , said in a statement Wednesday : "  At its greatest width , the snake would have come up to about your hips . The size is pretty amazing . "  But our team went a step further and asked , how warm would the Earth have to be to support a body of this size ? " Titanoboa 's fossilized remains were discovered at a coal mine in the tropical Cerrejon region of northern Colombia by an international team of scientists . "  Truly enormous snakes really spark people 's imagination , but reality has exceeded the fantasies of Hollywood , " paleontologist Jonathan Bloch , who co-led the expedition , told reporters . "  The snake that tried to eat Jennifer Lopez in the movie ` Anaconda ' was not as big as the one we found . " Based on the snake 's size , the team was able to calculate that the mean annual temperature in equatorial South America 60 million years ago would have been about 91 degrees Fahrenheit , about 10 degrees warmer than today , Bloch said . "  Tropical ecosystems of South America were surprisingly different 60 million years ago , " said Bloch . "  It was a rainforest , like today , but it was even hotter and the cold-blooded reptiles were all substantially larger . "  The result was , among other things , the largest snakes the world has ever seen ... and hopefully ever will . " According to Nature.com , snakes are poikilotherms  cold-blooded  that , unlike humans , need heat from their environment to power their metabolism . Therefore research suggests that at the time the region would have had to be no less than 86 to 93 degrees Fahrenheit for the snake to have survived . Most large snakes today live in the tropical regions of South America and south-east Asia , where the high temperatures allow them to grow to impressive sizes . Meanwhile , Carlos Jaramillo -- who was also part of the expedition -- said the tropical rainforest at Cerrejon appeared to have thrived at these temperatures . "  This data challenges the view that tropical vegetation lives near its climatic optimum , and it has profound implications in understanding the effect of current global warming on tropical plants , " he said .	Snake weighed 1,140 kgs  2,500 pounds  , measured 13 meters  42.7 feet Scientists believe it lived between 58 and 60 million years ago Size offers clues about world 's temperature at this time Discovered by scientists in tropical northern region of Colombia
Washington  CNN  -- Passengers are not allowed to carry guns onto airplanes , yet the Transportation Security Administration finds hundreds of weapons each year . In 2012 more than 1,500 firearms were discovered by screeners at airport checkpoints , TSA spokesman David Castelveter said . That is an average of more than four weapons a day . iReport : Was your gun banned ? A total of 1,320 firearms were found in 2011 . Many were loaded , and some had rounds in the chamber . "  We do assume that the vast majority of weapons that come through are  from  people who did n't know they could n't carry them on or were not aware they were in the bag , " Castelveter said . Through the end of November , Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport led the nation with 80 guns found . The top five airports also included Dallas/Fort Worth International with a total of 75 firearms , Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport with 50 , George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston with 48 , and Denver International Airport with 36 . Read more : FBI gun background checks hit record highs It 's not clear whether the increase in the number of guns found in 2012 is due to more people traveling with weapons or TSA screeners and new screening technologies doing a better job of finding them . When firearms are found at a checkpoint , the TSA calls local police who determine whether the passenger should be arrested , ticketed or have their gun returned . "  They can be permitted to take the weapon back to  their  car and come back , " Castelveter said . "  If it is illegal  to have the weapon in that locality  , then it is confiscated by law enforcement . " Watch : Giving up guns Under TSA rules , guns are allowed in checked baggage in locked , hard-sided containers . They must be unloaded and declared to the airline , and passengers must follow local gun laws . Guns , ammunition , firearm parts and even realistic replicas can not be carried on the plane . Guns are not the only weapons banned from the passenger areas of planes . The TSA blog highlights a wide variety of prohibited items discovered in carry-on bags . Poll : Majority favors gun restrictions In the first week of December , passengers tried to take 40 stun guns through checkpoints . The next week , a walking cane with a sword inside was found , and in the week before Christmas , a spear gun was discovered . In addition , four inert grenades were found inside carry-ons .	Many of the guns discovered at checkpoints were loaded , according to the TSA Agency assumes that most passengers made an honest mistake , spokesman says A sword and four inert grenades were among other prohibited items discovered
Los Angeles  CNN  -- An insidious , microscopic protein that has been found in the brain tissue of professional football players after death may now be detectable in living people by scanning their brains . Researchers say they found tau protein in the brains of five living retired National Football League players with varying levels of cognitive and emotional problems . "  It 's definite , we found it , it 's there , " said Dr. Julian Bailes , co-director of the NorthShore Neurological Institute in Evanston , Illinois , and co-author of a new study that identified the tau . "  It was there consistently and in all the right places . " Using a scan called positron emission tomography , or PET -- typically used to measure nascent Alzheimer 's disease -- researchers injected the players with a radioactive marker that travels through the body , crosses the blood-brain barrier and latches on to tau . Then , the NFL retirees had their brains scanned . "  We found  the tau  in their brains , it lit up , " said Dr. Gary Small , professor of psychiatry at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA and lead author of the study , published Tuesday in the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry . What was startling , said Small , was the specific pattern of the tau they found : "  It was identical to what 's seen in a condition called chronic traumatic encephalopathy , CTE , that has only been diagnosed at autopsy . " CTE is the disease that most likely played a role in the deaths of former NFL players like Dave Duerson , Ray Easterling , Shane Dronett , and Junior Seau . What has stymied researchers for years is that tau can only be uncovered after death . Finding it in living players is considered by many researchers to be the "  holy grail " of concussion research , according to Bailes . "  After a while it gets old and not so fulfilling to take the brain out when  an athlete  is dead , " said Bailes , a neurosurgeon and director of the Brain Injury Research Institute , which focuses on the study of traumatic brain injuries and their prevention . "  At that point there is no solution , no answer . " More cases of brain disease found in football players The research provides the beginnings of an answer , according to Bailes and Small . But the study is tiny , and poses looming questions . "  This is a very exciting but preliminary study , " said Robert Stern , co-founder of the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy at the Boston University School of Medicine . "  The researchers did what so many of us have been wanting to do for the last couple of years . "  The problem is that the type of PET scan they used is really not specific to what we 're looking at with chronic traumatic encephalopathy . " The marker used in the PET scan -- the one that binds to tau -- is called FDDNP . The problem with using that marker , said Stern , is that it is not specific enough . It binds not just to tau , but also to another protein called beta amyloid , which is commonly seen in Alzheimer 's disease patients . "  In CTE , only tau is found in abundance , " said Stern , an Alzheimer 's expert . "  What researchers saw was parts of the brain lighting up and showing abnormal findings . ... But we do n't know if what is lighting up is tau alone , or beta amyloid , or both . " It 's the location of the protein that is important , Small said . In Alzheimer 's disease , tau is typically found in the outer part of the brain , called the cortex . "  It 's different from Alzheimer 's , " said Small , director of the UCLA Longevity Center , adding that he found tau in deeper structures of the brain . "  The patterns of the scans are identical to what 's seen at autopsy in other people  with CTE  , " like Seau , Duerson and Easterling , he said . "  And we know at autopsy it 's primarily tau . " When tau lodges into those deep brain structures -- for example , the amygdala , which is associated with rage and other emotions , or the hippocampus , a seat of memory -- it causes major disruptions to those areas . Questions linger about long-term impact of subtle hits to the head That disruption may be related to depression , memory problems and suicidal behavior common in cases of CTE studied thus far -- not just in retired NFL players , but in athletes in other sports and members of the military . The hope among the study 's authors is that a diagnostic brain scan might one day detect burgeoning CTE in all sorts of people who suffer concussions . But the current study is drawing some skepticism , doubts that likely will not ebb until future research examines a larger study group . "  Sometimes I wish  study authors  would hang on and wait until they have a more meaningful sample size , " said Kevin Guskiewicz , a concussion expert and director of the Center for the Study of Retired Athletes at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . "  I think that then people would be less skeptical of the findings . " Still , Guzkiewicz is encouraged by the study results . "  Unfortunately we tend to identify these  CTE  cases when they 're already on the slippery slope toward dementia and it 's too late to do anything , " said Guskiewicz . "  I 'm all for trying to build on studies like this . " Building on the research -- expanding the study population -- is what Small and Bailes are working on now . In the meantime , they are optimistic about their findings . "  Right now , the  FDDNP  PET scan is the only method that we know of that can measure tau protein in living people , " said Small . "  It 's not the perfect holy grail ... but for now it seems to be showing us what we 're looking for . " Football players more likely to develop neurodegenerative disease	Researchers find a protein called tau in the brains of living retired NFL players Its pattern is identical to that found in chronic traumatic encephalopathy cases CTE can only be diagnosed after death More study is needed to confirm the findings
CNN  -- While several high-profile actors and directors have rallied around Roman Polanski , not everyone in Hollywood believes he should be freed and forgiven . The case surrounding the arrest of director Roman Polanski has both supporters and critics . In the face of a petition signed by notables such as Woody Allen , Martin Scorsese and John Landis calling for the immediate release of Polanski following his detainment in Switzerland , a backlash is building against such support . "  I ca n't believe that Hollywood has separated itself so completely from American morality , " said Paul Petersen , a former child actor and president of A Minor Consideration , which advocates on behalf of young performers . "  It is yet another case of Hollywood being out of sync with most of America . " Polanski pleaded guilty in 1977 to having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , but fled the United States before he could be sentenced . In the years since , the director known for "  Chinatown " and "  Rosemary 's Baby " settled in France and avoided authorities until he was arrested Saturday while on his way to the Zurich Film Festival . In the aftermath of Polanski 's arrest last weekend , a number of performers -- including Penelope Cruz , Tilda Swinton and Monica Bellucci -- appear as supporters on a petition which states , "  Roman Polanski is a French citizen , a renown and international artist now facing extradition . This extradition , if it takes place , will be heavy in consequences and will take away his freedom . " Polanski 's detention has stirred debate over whether he should be returned to the United States to face possible imprisonment . Supporters make note of his age , the years that have passed , his talent and the victim 's own assertion that pursuing the case opens fresh wounds for her as reasons the director should be left alone . But critics observe that Polanski 's supporters might be downplaying his crime . "  I do n't think a lot of people take the sexual assault of children very seriously at all , and it 's something we battle everyday , " said Grier Weeks , executive director of Protect , a national organization to protect children . "  We say at Protect that we are the most bipartisan group in America because we 've got everyone from Hollywood liberals like Alison Arngrim -LSB- Nellie Oleson -RSB- from ` Little House on the Prairie ' to extremely conservative people . ... But I will say with the notable exception of a few people from Hollywood , we get blank stares from some of that crowd . " Weeks pointed to the example of a discussion on ABC 's "  The View , " in which panelist and actress Whoopi Goldberg made the comment that she did n't believe the original charges against Polanski were for "  rape-rape , " as what he views as a pervasive attitude . "  I assume -LSB- Goldberg -RSB- regrets saying what she said , but she really did n't say anything that is not under the surface anyway , " Weeks said . "  This is just the attitude , that children are property and crimes against them are not real crimes . " Watch a discussion of about Polanski 's supporters " Goldberg 's fellow panelist , Sherri Shepherd , said during the show that she believed Polanski should still be punished . On Twitter , she tweeted , "  Whew ... long day at ` The View ' ... two shows today ... hot debate over the Statutory Rapist Polanski . 45-year-old man plies a 13-yr-old w/drugs & Liquor and anally & orally penetrates her w/o her consent is a RAPIST . We hunt down 75-year-old Nazis . We must protect our children . " Actress Kirstie Alley wrote on Twitter "  JUST FOR THE RECORD ... RAPE IS RAPE ... this is one HOLLYWOOD STAR who does not CELEBRATE or DEFEND Roman Polanski . . his ART did not RAPE her . " "  The Biggest Loser " trainer Jillian Michaels said "  If she 's -LSB- the victim -RSB- OK and feels that they are resolved then who are we to say " referring to the now adult victim , Samantha Geimer . Despite that , Michaels said , "  If somebody drugged and raped my 13-year-old I 'd shoot them . " Watch stars discuss Polanski 's arrest " Terry O'Neill , president of the National Organization for Women , said it is understandable that Geimer would want to move on given what has occurred . "  I think that it 's deplorable that some celebrities , and I emphasis the word ` some , ' are supporting rape , supporting the destruction of the life of a 13-year-old girl , " O'Neill said . "  You look at what happened to the victim in this case and how she was re-victimized over and over again . First by -LSB- Polanski -RSB- himself when he claimed it was consensual , then by his pals all powerful , wealthy celebrities who supported him , then by the media who characterized her as the little Lolita , the 13-year-old temptress . " Petersen , who played son Jeff Stone on "  The Donna Reed Show , " said he believes there are many in the industry who would like to speak up against the support Polanski has received . "  They are afraid of the Hollywood power structure that is tilted distinctly to the left and plays favorites , " Petersen said . Thomas J. Reese , S.J. , a senior fellow at the Woodstock Theological Center at Georgetown University , wrote a piece for The Washington Post 's "  On Faith " column titled "  Father Polanski Would Go to Jail . " Reese said Hollywood might learn a lesson from the scandals involving pedophiles and the Catholic Church . "  I think that perhaps there is a sense of entitlement that comes with being a celebrity and a star and part of that whole industry where people are always fawning over them and idolizing them , " Reese said . "  I think that kind of goes to your head and makes you think that you are special and above the law . The clergy used to think that at one time , inaccurately , and it 's just not a healthy attitude . " On Wednesday , the BBC reported that the French government had dropped its public support for the release of Polanski stating that the director "  is neither above nor beneath the law . "	Some stars speak out against Roman Polanski 's crime A petition with high-profile names has circulated calling for his release NOW president calls support of Polanski from some celebs "  deplorable " Former child actor says some critics "  afraid of the Hollywood power structure "
CNN  -- When it came to promoting other women in politics , Margaret Thatcher was a disappointment . In fact , her main legacy for women was merely that she was a woman holding the position of prime minister for 11Â 1/2 years . My son was 5 years old when Thatcher first won election as prime minister , the first woman to do so . By the time she left office , he was a young man of 17 . He did n't remember a country with a male prime minister . As a feminist and women 's rights campaigner who opposed many of Thatcher 's policies , I am still trying to work out how I feel about her . As prime minister , Thatcher did almost nothing to promote women 's rights actively , but at the same time , an entire generation grew up assuming it was normal to have a woman as prime minister . During Thatcher 's tenure , I interviewed Sir Bernard Weatherill , speaker of the House of Commons , for a documentary I was working on . Weatherill told me an anecdote about his grandchildren , a boy and girl of around 8 and 11 . The children were dressing up in the speaker 's robes , "  playing Parliaments . " The speaker said he overheard his grandson say , "  I 'll pretend to be prime minister . " His granddaughter retorted , "  Do n't be silly , I 'm going to be the prime minister -- only women can be prime ministers ! " A woman prime minister had become so much part of the British way of life that for two or three weeks after Thatcher left office the media had become so accustomed to referring to the prime minister as "  she " and "  her " that several times TV and radio journalists slipped up on air and had to correct themselves and refer to the incoming prime minister John Major as "  he " and "  him . " In the early 1980s , I founded and led the all-party 300 GROUP campaign to get more women elected -- we had 43 branches in England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland . Thatcher attended a couple of 300 GROUP functions and spoke in support of the campaign for more women in Parliament . At an event to unveil a plaque to Nancy Astor , the first woman MP to take her seat in Parliament , I heard Thatcher refer in her speech to the House of Commons as "  a dreadfully male-dominated place . " Such sentiments were the exception rather than the rule for her . I do n't think she understood women 's rights , and her record of appointing only one other woman to her Cabinet for a brief period was desperately disappointing . Thatcher had such command over her Conservative Party that if she had chosen to do so she could have advanced large numbers of qualified women into public and political posts . She chose not to do so . It was a missed opportunity . Once I was invited to lunch by former Prime Minister Edward Heath . Thatcher had defeated Heath to become head of the Conservative Party in 1975 . Heath hated Thatcher . He never referred to her by name during lunch . Instead he referred to her as "  that woman . " He had invited seven of us as guests , including pop singer Bob Geldof . It was a sunny summer afternoon . We ate lunch out on the terrace of Heath 's garden at his beautiful Georgian house in the country town of Salisbury , Wiltshire . Conversation ranged over Northern Ireland , European politics and music . Knowing about my work with the 300 GROUP campaign , he suddenly turned to me and bristling with anger said : "  I tell you one thing Lesley , you 'll never see another woman prime minister in this country in your lifetime after ` that woman . ' " Margaret Thatcher triggered strong emotions for and against her . She presided over a ruthless era in British politics . The reactions on social media at the news of her death are a Molotov cocktail of people 's views -- not just vitriol , but vicious , misogynist vocabulary from people who are quite reasonable and rational in other circumstances . Thatcher is well-known for her quotation of the Prayer of St Francis after her 1979 election victory . The prayer includes the lines , "  Where there is discord , may we bring harmony . " What she achieved was the precise opposite of this . So what will be the Thatcher legacy ? I once asked the then-Chinese ambassador to London what legacy he thought Confucius left to modern China . He smiled . His reply ? "  Too soon to tell . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lesley Abdela .	Lesley Abdela : Besides being prime minister , Thatcher did little to promote women in politics Abdela says a generation in Britain grew up knowing only a female prime minister She says like many , she feels ambivalence toward Thatcher , a divisive but influential leader Abdela : So powerful , she could have advanced women in politics but chose not to do so
CNN  -- To an outsider , Dr. Dog has all the makings for the stereotypical "  eighth-graders start making scrappy recordings in their home and become overnight sensations " "  Behind the Music " special . Only nothing about the band 's success -- which includes six albums , performances on "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon " and "  Conan , " among others , and touring as an opening act for My Morning Jacket -- has come overnight . "  We 've been doing it for a long time , " said Scott McMicken , one of the band 's founding members and lead vocalists . Co-founder Toby Leaman , the band 's bass player who shares lead vocal responsibilities with McMicken , agrees . "  I feel like everything we 've done has been this slow burn , " Leaman said . True , despite the guys knowing each other for 20 years , Dr. Dog is n't exactly living the large , rock-star life that fans might think . "  It 's kind of disappointing , " McMicken said with a laugh , "  Twenty years and this is it ? "  If I was not me and I saw me -- I would assume , ` This guy 's got like a million bucks . He 's a superstar . He 's been on "  David Letterman . " His life is insane . ' But  that life  has nothing to do with mine , " he said . In almost two decades of existence , Dr. Dog has been able to make a living with its music , currently headlining a tour to promote the album "  Be the Void . " "  We worked hard for it , " McMicken said of the band 's accomplishments . McMicken and Leaman met in suburban Philadelphia in the 1990s when they were in the eighth grade , and the duo began a creative relationship that involved writing and recording songs onto tapes . Unlike bands that develop a following on the road , Dr. Dog evolved in the opposite direction . They made an impression on fans in the Philadelphia area and enjoyed creating songs at their home studio . Not until McMIcken 's then-girlfriend slipped a copy of an album to My Morning Jacket frontman Jim James did the possibility of Dr. Dog becoming a touring band ever come up . Liking what he heard on the album , James sent the members of Dr. Dog a "  really nice letter , " McMicken recalled , asking if they 'd like to come on tour . The letter also asked a lot of questions and sought details about Dr. Dog to which McMicken did n't have the answers . He finally had to say to James , "  This band is just some dudes in a basement . " Joining My Morning Jacket on tour proved to be a valuable experience , and group members credit that band with giving them their "  first step into working " as a touring act . But both McMicken and Leaman remain the most passionate about writing and recording a song . Leaman said , "  The process is the important part . ... It 's the only thing with real meaning . " There is a vulnerability involved in writing a song and bringing to the band to play for the first time , he said . The results can be and have been "  devastating , " he said . But for the most part , "  The song  becomes everybody 's and that 's my favorite part , " he said . McMicken agreed . "  Sometimes it 's terrifying , " he said of the band connecting to a song and playing it together for the first time . "  As soon as you realize you have something , you are aware that it can fall apart . " That same feeling of fragility does n't apply to the band , McMicken said . During a long career , Dr. Dog has signed with different labels , seen members come and go and brought new ones aboard . And yet the band has remained true to the process , allowing members a level of success with "  more opportunities and more time to play with , " McMicken said . And if the ability to make a living touring and selling records went away , he said he 'd be just fine . "  We did this to no reward for so long and were completely unconscious of that fact for so long . And we still got so much out of it , " he said .	Dr. Dog has recorded six albums and performed on "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon " and "  Conan " "  I feel like everything we 've done has been this slow burn , " says founding member Toby Leaman "  We 've been doing it for a long time , " band co-founder Scott McMicken says
CNN  Briggs Fussy does n't remember much about walking down the aisle 20 years ago with the woman who would eventually become his wife . "  I do n't really remember the wedding part at all , " Briggs said . "  I did n't even talk to her . " A groom not remembering the wedding could undoubtedly crush a bride , especially a bride like Brittney Fussy , who admits she 's been planning her wedding since she was a little girl . But Brittney Fussy said the only thing she remembers about their trip down the aisle was her partner 's unique name . "  I do n't remember too much about being a flower girl , " she said . Briggs and Brittney Fussy took their first walk down the aisle when they were just 3 , as a ring bearer and flower girl in the wedding of Briggs ' godmother . The couple took their second walk down the aisle Saturday to become husband and wife . The couple , who failed to leave an impression on each other at their first wedding , reunited years later in their ninth grade in a government class at Blaine High School , north of Minneapolis . Share your true love story : How did you meet ? Briggs had just transferred to Brittney 's school ; she said she knew the moment she heard the teacher say his name that it had to be the same Briggs who walked her down the aisle all those years ago . "  I confirmed it with my mom , " Brittney said before she said anything to Briggs and then the couple laughed about how both of their moms had pictures of the pair hanging up at their respective houses . They did n't become a couple until junior year and eventually separated to attend college in separate cities -- Briggs to the University of Wisconsin , LaCrosse , and Brittney to Minnesota State University , Mankato . A few years into the long-distance relationship , Briggs returned to Minnesota State to be with his beloved . "  I knew I was going to marry her , " he said . Before they tied the knot over the weekend , the couple viewed the video of themselves in the wedding . Briggs called it "  hilarious . " Brittney said she was the "  obnoxious flower girl , " who can be seen on wedding video weaving in and out bridesmaids . At one point , she pauses in front of the bride to look up at her . Briggs , on the other hand , stood calmly in the same place for the entirety of the ceremony . "  I 'm such a rule follower -- I 'm sure someone said ` stay still , ' and I never moved , " Briggs said . Brittney promises she 's a rule follower now , too , but contends she and her groom can both be "  pretty weird and outspoken " sometimes . The picture of the two of them at age 3 is now framed in their own home , and they even reenacted the photograph at their own wedding . "  I 'm pretty cheesy when it comes to love stuff , I 'm not going to lie , " Brittney said . Briggs and Brittney , who are both finishing up their degrees in economics and elementary education at Minnesota State , Mantoka , said they did n't really understand what all the fuss was about regarding their story at first . But they said they have known all along that they were meant to be . "  It 's all a part of God 's plan , " she said , "  All fate for sure . " As for their second time down the aisle , the couple said it 's far more memorable than their first . "  It was wonderful , " Brittney said . "  As close to perfect as you can get . "	Briggs and Brittney Fussy first walked down the aisle 20 years ago The couple reunited in high school in Minnesota and wed over the weekend Briggs and Brittney reenact the photos they took at age 3
Scottsdale , Arizona  CNN  -- Not too long ago , it seemed this week 's meeting of the Republican National Committee in Arizona might be consumed with squabbles about delegate math and anxious hand-wringing over the long and acrimonious presidential primary fight . Instead , it 's looking more and more like a Mitt Romney pep rally in the making . With Romney now on a sure path to the nomination thanks to the departure of his top rival , Rick Santorum , GOP leaders from every state will begin gathering Thursday at a posh Scottsdale resort to plot out general election strategy with the former Massachusetts governor as their standard-bearer . Romney will address the meeting of state Republican Party chairmen at a Friday luncheon that is sure to be the event 's biggest draw . Later that evening , the presumptive nominee will venture into Phoenix raise money for the joint "  Victory Fund " he established with the RNC . A minimum donation of $ 50,000 is being requested . U.S. Sen. John McCain of Arizona will also speak at the three-day conference , an appearance that one RNC member described as the "  passing of the torch " from one Republican presidential nominee to the next . CNN Poll : Republicans divided on vice presidential choice National party officials , stressing their neutrality even though the RNC and Romney campaign aides have already informally started planning their joint efforts for the general election , pointed out that Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul were invited to the summit and will have emissaries here . Both candidates are clinging to their tiny share of delegates and hoping for an upset at the party 's convention in August . But most of the Republicans trekking to Arizona for the meeting say that it 's time to move on to the next chapter of the campaign . "  It 's clear that there is no likely scenario under which Romney will not be the nominee . He has won it , " said Tennessee National Committeeman John Ryder . "  The committee will be meeting and doing its work , that 's the official business , " Ryder told CNN . "  But I think a major focus of this meeting will be for people to start to come together behind the nominee and get ready for the contest in November . " Saul Anuzis , a national committeeman from Michigan , said the Romney speech on Friday should be a "  rallying point " for Republicans in Scottsdale . "  This is an opportunity to bring the party together behind Romney and pull everyone toward the general election , " said Anuzis , who endorsed the former Massachusetts governor early in the primary process . Not every RNC member is ready to fall in line . Some , such as Iowa National Committeeman Steve Scheffler , still harbor suspicions about Romney 's conservative convictions and refuse to call him the nominee until he has accumulated the 1,144 delegates needed to secure the nomination . "  If and when he is the nominee , I will support him , " Scheffler said . "  But he is not the nominee . We are five months away from the convention or roughly that , so I do n't think its bad thing for these other candidates to be in the race . Someone needs to hold Romney 's feet to the fire on some of these issues . " His reluctance to support Romney was a rarity among the nearly two dozen RNC members and state party chairmen who spoke to CNN about the state of the race . Now that they have their horse in Romney , most said they are excitedly gearing up for the fall election against President Barack Obama . Romney on November showdown : ` It 's going to be fun ' The RNC , which for decades has been the main vehicle for Republican get-out-the-vote operations in presidential elections , is using the chairmen 's meeting to showcase their plans for the race . RNC political aides will brief state party leaders on their national campaign machinery , region by region . New technological initiatives will be unveiled . Committee finance officials will explain how they plan to keep pace with Obama 's impressive fundraising muscle and fund the Tampa , Florida , convention . There will be training sessions , speeches from Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval , a political briefing hosted by GOP pollster Frank Luntz , and plenty of late night margaritas . In the eyes of many RNC members , the Republican primary fight and the heated debates over new delegate rules that allowed the nomination process to drag on for months already seem like distant memories . But they will still meet several times this week to evaluate what worked during the primary battle and what needs to be fixed . "  Having gone through the primary and seen where there were some holes and weaknesses , I think it 's mainly the intention of our members to try and strengthen that up so there are fewer questions the next time around , " said Arizona National Committeeman Bruce Ash , the chairman of the RNC Rules Committee . Members will discuss the possibility of toughening penalties for primary states that violate RNC calendar rules . They will also examine whether to tweak the delegate rules that governed the nomination process and sparked a series of mathematical disputes between Romney , Santorum , Gingrich and Paul . At a meeting of the rules committee scheduled for Thursday , one amendment will be introduced to protect four early voting states -- Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and Nevada -- from penalties if they decide to move their contest dates without RNC approval . Another proposed amendment would completely scrap the rule that some primary states allocate their delegates proportionally instead of "  winner-take-all , " a measure that lengthened the 2012 nomination fight by forcing the Republican candidates to hunt for delegates in more states than they did in 2008 . Even if the rules committee recommends changes to the 2016 nomination process , those adjustments would not face a formal vote until August , when the full RNC meets ahead of the party 's national convention . In the meantime , there is some consensus inside the committee that despite the damage done to Romney 's approval ratings among certain key groups such as Hispanics and women , the primary process largely worked as it was supposed to work . "  I think amongst the members , they feel that the proportional rules have been to the benefit of properly vetting the candidates , and they feel that that 's a good thing for the process , " said one influential RNC member who did not want to be named revealing private discussions . Ryder , the committeeman from Tennessee , said the extended primary battle was a boon to Romney . "  It gives his candidacy greater legitimacy than it would have had he been deemed the presumptive nominee after just a few early states in January , " he said . "  If that had been the result , there would have been a large number of Republican voters who would not have considered him to be a legit nominee . He had to compete . He won some , he lost some . But he won it fair and square . "	Republican National Committee is meeting in Arizona this week What looked like an anxious gathering now turning into a Mitt Romney pep rally Romney will speak Friday at a luncheon ; John McCain will be at summit , too Republicans will also examine their primary rules that resulted in extended contest
CNN  -- Sorry , Screech , but Zack thinks you are wrong . Mark-Paul Gosselaar , who played Zack Morris on the cult classic '90s TV show "  Saved by the Bell , " does n't agree with former co-star Dustin Diamond 's portrayal of their time together . Diamond -- who played super nerdy Samuel "  Screech " Powers -- put out a book years ago titled "  Behind the Bell . " Now there 's a Lifetime TV movie , "  The Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story , " which purports to show the less-than-glamorous side of life on the show , complete with fights , jealousy and other drama . During an interview with HuffPostLive to promote his current series , "  Franklin & Bash , " Gosselaar said he neither was involved with nor consulted on the TV project . As for Diamond 's book , the actor said it is "  negative . " "  Everything I 've heard about his book is , it is negative , " Gosselaar said . "  I do n't remember those things . My experience on the show was very positive . " Gosselaar 's "  Franklin & Bash " co-star took it even further when commenting on Diamond . "  This guy 's such a d ** k , " Breckin Meyer said . "  I do n't know Dustin at all but everything I read .  Gosselaar  and I have talked endlessly about ` Saved by the Bell . ' I grew up at the same time , I was acting , and I used their sets one time when I did a pilot . "  The Dustin Diamond thing is just so silly , " he added . "  It 's just so negative , and it always bums me out . " During a 2013 interview with OWN , Diamond distanced himself from the book , saying that he had a ghostwriter and that it was a "  disappointment " to him . "  I talked to a guy a few times , so the book has some truth in it , but a lot of the stories were just kind of throwaways , " Diamond said . "  I have nothing but good thoughts and memories towards everybody . " ` Saved by the Bell ' to have dirt exposed See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Gosselaar said he disagrees with Dustin Diamond 's memories of the show He said he was not involved with the new TV movie In 2013 , Diamond distanced himself from his book about the show
Washington  CNN  -- It always comes back to the budget . With Congress facing a crucial debate on attacking Syria over chemical weapons use , conservatives are signaling their price for support may be increased funding for a shrinking military budget . Two hawkish Republicans -- Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- went to the White House on Monday to argue their call for a robust military campaign against Syria intended to significantly weaken the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Implicit with such a campaign would be the needed restoration of military funding cut by austerity measures and transformation policies in recent years , including the forced spending cuts known as sequestration imposed by Congress for the current fiscal year . "  We can not keep asking the military to perform mission after mission with a sequestration and military cuts hanging over their heads , " GOP Rep. Buck McKeon of California , the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , told CNN on Monday . "  We have to take care of our own people first . " While McKeon made clear that his concern is about future preparedness rather than current capability , he argued a bedrock conservative stance against having the military be a major contributor to cost-cutting in Washington . "  I have no concerns of their capability . They 're the strongest , best equipped , best trained military , " he said . "  What I 'm looking at is what they 've been hit with the last couple years . Where will they be the next time they 're asked ? " Noting that "  the world has not gotten safer , " McKeon complained that "  we 're cutting back $ 1 trillion out of our military , asking them to do more with less . " Obama looks to Congress to bolster legal case for Syria strike McKeon : stop asking the military to do more with less "  That has to stop , " he said , calling for President Barack Obama to "  fix " the across-the-board spending cuts on the military and other discretionary government spending that does n't include entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . After meeting with Obama , both McCain and Graham said they were encouraged by the president 's intended approach , which includes more military aid for Syria 's opposition while degrading the capabilities of al-Assad 's forces . However , they said they need more detailed assurances that the U.S. strategy would be sufficiently strong and sustainable before they could recommend it to their colleagues , who will vote in coming weeks on whether to authorize military action . "  There seems to be emerging from this administration a pretty solid plan to upgrade the opposition " in Syria and to "  get regional players more involved " in shifting the balance of the Syrian civil war against the al-Assad regime , Graham said . Both McCain and Graham said congressional rejection of a resolution authorizing U.S. military force in Syria would be catastrophic and undermine the credibility of the nation and the president . Syria vote could have consequences for 2016 Syria issue exacerbates budge wars The Syria issue exacerbates an already hostile budget environment between the two parties . With fiscal year 2013 ending in four weeks , Congress has yet to pass a 2014 budget and is expected to consider a short-term measure to extend spending at current levels for weeks or months to allow time for further negotiations . A major issue of the budget debate is whether to recalibrate spending to soften or eliminate the impact of the forced cuts of sequestration . While both sides say that is the right move , they remain unable to agree on how to make it happen . Obama and Democrats want to maintain or increase spending on education , technology and infrastructure , while Republicans seek to shrink overall government spending . The two sides also differ on tax reform , another key component of spending policy . In addition , the government says it needs an increase in its borrowing limit -- the debt ceiling -- sometime next month . Some Republicans advocate a government shutdown unless Democrats capitulate on spending cuts , especially to a call by tea party conservatives such as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas to eliminate from next year 's budget the funds needed to implement the 2010 health care reform law . Opinion : Obama on war -- a realist and risk taker Congress to debate Syria resolution Congress will not vote on Obama 's request to authorize the use of force against Syria until sometime after it officially returns from recess September 9 . To launch the debate on Capitol Hill , Senate and House committees will hold hearings this week . Secretary of State John Kerry , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey will appear at the first hearing by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday , sources said . In addition , Obama will meet Tuesday with House Speaker John Boehner and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi , as well as leaders of national security committees in Congress . Conservatives have increased references to overall military spending in recent days when commenting on the Syria situation . "  I have watched what 's happened in the last 4 1/2 years with the president downgrading our military , " Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , told CNN on Friday . "  And it 's to the point where we 're in a position right now where we do n't have the assets to get involved in another intervention . " He warned that firing cruise missiles at Syria would inevitably lead to greater involvement and that administration officials must "  make sure that you tell us how you 're going to pay for it , what resources you 're going to use , what assets you 're going to use and that they 're there . " GOP Rep. Mike Pompeo of Kansas , who sits on the House Intelligence Committee , argued Monday for a bigger mission than the limited strikes Obama has said he has been considering . "  It does us no good to just lob a few missiles into Syria , " Pompeo said . "  This is in the context of an Iranian-backed enterprise with Bashar al-Assad , with Hezbollah . You have al Qaeda now having the ability to move on the ground and perhaps get chemical weapons . America has interests that are much more broad than some short strike could possibly accomplish and so we need a strategic vision with real definable and achievable goals . " Military has concerns about Syria mission The administration 's "  flood the zone " strategy Obama and his team also emphasize the national security angle when arguing for a military response to what they call a major chemical weapons attack by al-Assad 's regime on August 21 on Damascus suburbs . The president , along with Vice President Joe Biden and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough , was making phone calls to House and Senate members to try to firm up commitments ahead of the congressional vote . A conference call with House Democrats also was planned as part of what a senior administration official called a strategy to "  flood the zone . " In the calls , the official said , the White House will be making the same case it did during a classified Capitol Hill briefing Sunday . The argument is that failure to take action against Syria would undermine the deterrent of international action against chemical weapons use , emboldening al-Assad and his key allies -- Hezbollah and Iran -- who will see a lack of consequences for such a flagrant violation . On the administration side , there is no mention -- yet -- of the military budget . Could Syria strike back if United States , allies , attack ?	NEW : Senate and House committee hearings on Syria begin this week With Syria debate looming , congressional hawks seek more military spending GOP Rep. McKeon : We have to stop asking the military to do more with less The Syria issue exacerbates an already hostile budget debate in Washington
Botulinum in its purest form is a deadly poison , but it can help stroke victims with pain . Botox is considered a poison with a purpose . Millions of Americans use it to help smooth their wrinkles . As more people use Botox as the ultimate wrinkle remover , doctors are realizing that its benefits go far deeper than the skin . Now it 's being used to help stroke victims . A study showing these benefits was released in October 2005 . What is Botox ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent : Botox is a brand name for botulinum toxin type A. It 's produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum . In its purest form , botulinum is one of the deadliest poisons known to humans . It can cause death by paralysis . What does Botox do ? Gupta : In 1989 , long before physicians injected Botox into faces to smooth wrinkles , the FDA approved it for patients with debilitating neurological diseases such as dystonia . In these conditions , faulty connections between brain and muscle cause parts of the body to spasm . Muscles are locked into uncomfortable , often excruciating , positions . Amazingly , Botox liberated many of these patients by actually chemically allowing their muscles to relax . On a basic level , that is what 's happening with Botox for wrinkles -- the muscle is loosening its grip on facial skin . This ability to stop the brain from triggering the muscle malfunction led researchers to use Botox for a whole host of other conditions . Up to four in 10 stroke survivors suffer from spastic disability . You may recognize it as stiffness on one side of the body , often seen in a club-like hand or foot . These people lose their independence -- the ability to wash themselves , to eat , even walk . Botox has been used for years in these stroke patients in combination with physical therapy . It allows some of them to gain back mobility and function in their muscles . Is Botox the perfect solution ? Gupta : Botox is n't a cure-all . It can have minor side effects and more studies need to be done on long-term use . But for many patients , Botox provides the muscle relief that will allow them to better move their muscles . Does it matter how much time lapses between the stroke and the patient getting Botox treatment ? This is definitely a case where the sooner the patient can receive the treatment , the better , so that they can regain mobility and function of their muscles .	Bottom Line : Botox can help stroke victims ease a painful side effect
CNN  -- Like most Americans , I am stupefied that the Transportation Security Administration will soon permit passengers to carry some small knives on airplanes , especially since the process that turns checkpoints into maddening logjams -- removing shoes , liquids and computers -- remains unchanged . The only thing more surprising is the news that they will also allow items such as pool cues , lacrosse sticks and one or two golf clubs . Who travels with one golf club ? I can just see "  Happy Gilmore " twirling his nine-iron as he makes his way through airplane terminals around the country . The absurdity is just laughable - only this is serious . Former TSA chief backs ` knife ' decision , suggests axes There is a reason knives were banned in the first place -- they killed people and made the 9/11 attacks possible . The TSA argues that hijacking procedures have changed and cockpits are n't likely to be breached by knife-wielding terrorists again . "  Sharp objects can no longer bring down aircraft , " former TSA chief Kip Hawley told CNN . Note the word "  aircraft " -- not people . As someone who was a flight attendant for United Airlines on 9/11 , I am intimately familiar with that logic . Only a few weeks after the 9/11 terrorist attacks , I sat through cockpit briefings that went something like this : "  If a terrorist takes you hostage , we will have to let you die , " or "  If terrorists take over the cabin , we will drive the plane into the ground . " In other words , knives probably wo n't endanger pilots , skyscrapers or expensive airplanes , but passengers and flight attendants ? You 're on your own . I do n't know about you , but I find that blatantly offensive . When terrorists use box cutters and pocketknives to slit your colleagues ' throats , you do n't move on so easily . And that is why I am so utterly slack-jawed at the decision to allow the same weapons that were used to kill so many people . In 2004 , the 9/11 Commission found that terrorists used knives such as Leatherman tools to overtake the crew . Air marshals , flight attendants want TSA to reconsider Even if I were to concede that small knives no longer pose as imminent a threat as say , bottled water or shampoo , allowing knives stirs up grief and fear for so many . And what is the upside ? The TSA claims this policy will benefit passengers , citing the 850 pounds of banned goods that are surrendered at checkpoints each month . Who are these people who do n't know about the 12-year-long ban on knives ? The same ones who ca n't buckle a seat belt without watching a safety demo , I suppose . So the TSA , an already embattled agency , is annoying most of the country and pissing off hoards of flight attendants for the sole benefit of their own screeners and the apparently powerful knife-nut lobby . Could it unwittingly help terrorists , too ? If the search for knives truly is the culprit that 's clogging up screening lanes , maybe those who bring them should be fined . There is no question that our security system is a catastrophe and desperately needs to be overhauled . Do you ever notice just how drastically people 's moods change after navigating a checkpoint at a major airport ? It 's shocking to watch travelers enter the line all smiley and jazzed about a vacation or career opportunity only to emerge exhausted , disheveled , angry and possibly late . I would even argue that , ironically , the current security system contributes to air rage , an increasing threat of its own . However , I do n't believe for one minute that being forced to check one 's sporting equipment is anywhere near the heart of the problem . We need faster and easier checkpoints , but instead of coming up with a novel approach , the TSA wants to go backward . Allowing such weapons just does n't make sense . Unless , of course , you believe the only thing that will stop a bad guy with a billiards cue is a good guy with a Wiffle ball bat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tiffany Hawk .	Tiffany Hawk shocked TSA soon will allow air passengers to carry some small knives Hawk : There is a reason knives were banned before -- they made the 9/11 attacks possible She says passengers and flight attendants are at risk if someone wields a knife Hawk : Faster and easier checkpoints needed , not backward and absurd policies
CNN  -- It was the first major terrorist attack in history in which the group that mounted the operation used Twitter to announce to the world it was responsible . The group then quickly tweeted what its rationale was for the attack and also gave operational details of the assault -- all in real time . On Saturday a group of armed gunmen stormed the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya , shooting at shoppers and mall staff with automatic weapons , killing at least 61 civilians . Several hours into the assault a Twitter account used by the Somali terrorist group Al-Shabaab tweeted : "  The Mujahideen  ` holy warriors '  entered Westgate mall today at around noon and they are still inside the mall , fighting the Kenyan kuffar  ` infidels '  inside their own turf . " It was the first confirmation that the attack was the work of Al-Shabaab , and journalists around the world quickly reported this . The terrorist group soon provided a tweeted explanation of its motives : "  What Kenyans are witnessing at #Westgate is retributive justice for crimes committed by their military . " The Kenyan army is part of a larger U.N.-sanctioned peacekeeping operation that has recently been fighting Al-Shabaab with much success , for instance , a year ago expelling the group from one of its last strongholds , the Somali port city of Kismayo . As the attack on the Nairobi mall unfolded , Al-Shabaab tweeted , "  Since our last contact , the Mujahideen inside the mall confirmed to @HSM_Press that they killed over 100 Kenyan kuffar . " HSM_Press is the name that Al-Shabaab has used as its Twitter handle . Crucially , Al-Shabaab then explained in a tweet that the mall attack was going to be a fight to the death in which there would be no negotiations for the lives of the hostages the gunmen had taken : "  We 'll not negotiate with the Kenyan govt as long as its forces are invading our country , so reap the bitter fruits of your harvest #Westgate . " This key aspect of the assault on the mall was then reported around the globe . A day into the Nairobi assault , Al-Shabaab tweeted that three Americans were involved in the attack . Since 2007 some 40 Americans have traveled to Somalia to fight with Al-Shabaab , including at least three who volunteered to become suicide bombers for the group , so this claim is not implausible and the FBI is looking into it . Indeed , whoever was live tweeting the Nairobi attack for Al-Shabaab has a command of colloquial English with a sardonic edge that you might pick up somewhere such as London or Minneapolis . During the massacre , for instance , Al-Shabaab tweeted , "  Like it or loathe it ! our mujahideen confirmed all executions were point blank range ! " The group also wrote , " #Westgate : a 14-hour standoff relayed in 1400 rounds of bullets and 140 characters of vengeance and still ongoing . Good morning Kenya ! " At one point during the mall siege , responding to media speculation that British-born Samantha Lewthwaite -- whom Kenyan authorities suspect of being a financier of jihadist militants in Kenya -- was part of the operation , Al-Shabaab took to Twitter to deny that a woman had any role : "  We have an adequate number of young men who are fully committed & we do not employ our sisters in such military operations #Westgate . " On Thursday , Interpol issued a red notice -- an international wanted alert -- for Lewthwaite . According to an authoritative study of Al-Shabaab 's use of social media by the London-based International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence , the group has been active on Twitter since December 2011 , sending out a steady stream of tweets to at one point more than 15,000 followers that has included a good number of journalists and terrorism analysts . Al-Shabaab 's Twitter account first used the handle @HSMPress , an acronym based on the group 's full official name , Harakat Al-Shabaab Al Mujahideen  Movement of the Holy Warrior Youth  . Since then Al-Shabaab has used other Twitter accounts with some slight variations on the same name such as @HSMPRESS1 , @HSM_PressOffice , @HSM_PROffice and the current @HSM_PR . Al-Shabaab seems to change the name of its Twitter account as it gets taken down , likely because the account is in violation of Twitter 's terms of service , which explicitly explains that users can not "  publish or post direct , specific threats of violence against others . " It 's impossible to tell definitively if all the tweets on Al-Shabaab 's purported accounts are really from the group , but the tone and content of the tweets have generally been consistent over the past two years , and information that the group has tweeted about the Nairobi mall attack , such as its responsibility for the assault and its unwillingness to negotiate for the release of hostages , has , unfortunately , proved to be accurate . An analyst who has tracked Al-Shabaab 's Twitter feed carefully is J.M. Berger , the author of a book about Americans fighting overseas for groups such Al-Shabaab titled "  Jihad Joe . " Berger has filed a number of reports with Twitter that Al-Shabaab is in violation of its terms of service . Twitter does n't comment on why it suspends a particular account -- a representative told CNN , "  we do n't comment on individual Twitter accounts , for security and privacy reasons " -- but clearly Al-Shabaab is egregiously violating those terms of service , and during the Nairobi attack the group had to use five different Twitter handles as its account kept getting taken down , presumably by Twitter employees . Since Tuesday , Al-Shabaab has tweeted at its newest site and , as of this writing , it had more than 5,000 followers and had tweeted some 40 times . Berger says that Al-Shabaab militants have also taken to Twitter in recent weeks during other smaller-scale operations : "  They have also tweeted bombing attacks on Mogadishu and attempts to assassinate Somalia 's president within the last several weeks . " On Wednesday Al-Shabaab posted via Twitter audio of a short speech by its leader Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , crowing over the attacks and congratulating the "  holy warriors " who carried out the Nairobi operation . He gloated , "  The attack has also glaringly illuminated the sheer vulnerability of the different sections of the Kenyan forces , be they police , intelligence or the military . ... It 's a disaster for the Western politicians and their intelligence apparatuses who have miserably failed to save their own citizens . " Abu Zubayar also goes by the name Ahmed Abdi Godane , and a U.S. official has told CNN the belief is he ordered the Nairobi operation . The fact that on Wednesday Al-Shabaab posted to Twitter a speech by Abu Zubayar taking ownership of the operation would seem to confirm that belief . In 1974 terrorism analyst Brian Jenkins wrote an influential paper for Rand in which he made a key observation in the then-fledgling field of terrorism studies . "  Terrorism is theater , " Jenkins wrote , explaining that the real point of a terrorist attack is not the violence that is visited on its victims but the large number of people watching the event that serves to advertise the terrorists ' cause . A decade later British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher gave a speech in which she made a similar point , declaring that terrorists depend on "  the oxygen of publicity . " Nothing had underlined this better than the Munich Olympics in 1972 during which 11 Israeli athletes were taken hostage by Palestinian terrorists . All the Israelis were killed either by the hostage takers or during the course of a botched rescue operation . The hostage-taking was covered by TV networks from around the world who came to cover the games but ended up providing coverage of a terrorist event that unfolded before the first truly global audience for such an attack . More than any other single event , it brought the Palestinian cause to the world 's attention . On 9/11 untold hundreds of millions around the world watched the attacks as they happened in New York and near Washington on live television . Osama bin Laden himself listened to live coverage of the attacks on BBC Arabic radio in his hideout in Afghanistan . The 9/11 attacks , which took place in the city that is many ways the capital of global media , thrust bin Laden and his terrorist group al Qaeda onto the world stage in a spectacular manner . But in neither the Munich Olympics hostage-taking nor on 9/11 did the terrorists have actual control over the content of the coverage , which was instead determined by those media networks covering the event . So what we saw unfold in the attack on the mall in Kenya is something quite new : a terrorist group shaping the media coverage of the event in real time through the medium of Twitter . The next logical step will be for terrorists to cover their deadly operations using their own real-time live video feeds linked to sites such as Twitter , Facebook or YouTube . If that happens , terrorist attacks will become a form of theater in which terrorists not only get to write the play but also act as the primary producers of the coverage of the event . A dark glimpse of this brave new world could already be seen in Al-Shabaab 's assault on the Nairobi mall . Unfortunately , that may not be the end of Shabaab 's terror attacks outside Somalia . On Thursday Shabaab posted the following chilling tweet : "  The mesmeric performance by the #Westgate Warriors was undoubtedly gripping , but despair not folks , that was just the premiÃ ¨ re of Act 1 . "	Peter Bergen : Kenya was first major attack in which terrorists provided Twitter commentary Terrorism has always been about theater , but use of social media takes it further , he says Bergen says Al-Shabaab 's tweets were a way for the group to shape media coverage
Tulsa , Oklahoma  CNN  Amid growing scrutiny over whether a 73-year-old volunteer deputy who killed a suspect during a sting operation was qualified to be policing the streets , a new report raises a troubling allegation . Some supervisors at the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office were told to forge Reserve Deputy Robert Bates ' training records , and three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties , the Tulsa World newspaper reported . Claims that the volunteer deputy 's records had been falsified emerged "  almost immediately " from multiple sources after Bates killed Eric Harris on April 2 , reporter Dylan Goforth said . Bates claims he meant to use his Taser but accidentally fired his handgun at Harris instead . The newspaper 's story does not say who allegedly asked the supervisors to falsify the training records or why . But the orders apparently started years ago , before Harris ' death , "  back when  Bates  was trying to get on as a deputy , " reporter Ziva Branstetter told CNN 's "  New Day . " The Sheriff 's Office denied the allegations in the Tulsa World 's report . It also declined a CNN interview to respond to the claims . In an email to CNN , the department 's Maj. Shannon Clark said the lack of named sources in the newspaper 's report leaves him dubious . "  Just keep in mind that the Tulsa World reporter can not validate her sources and claims anonymity , which leaves us skeptical that her claims are unsubstantiated and deceptive , " Clark wrote . Clark Brewster , an attorney who represents Bates , said the accusations are based on an affidavit from a former Sheriff 's Office employee who 's now facing a first-degree murder charge . "  I do n't put a lot of stock in that report or the credibility of who would further that report , " Brewster said . Shooting casts spotlight on volunteer police programs Sheriff Stanley Glanz and other sheriff 's officials have repeatedly insisted Bates was properly trained . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office has released a summary of Bates ' training courses only over the past seven years . The office rejected CNN 's request for the full training records because Bates ' case is under investigation . Branstetter said she 's run into similar obstacles when asking for the names of supervisors who 'd signed off on Bates ' training records . "  You would think the Sheriff 's Office , if in fact there has been no pressure applied , no falsification of records , that they would be forthcoming with these documents , " she told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  We 've asked for them . They 've said they do n't believe they 're public records . " Bates was classified as an advanced reserve deputy for the Sheriff 's Office . That means he would have had to complete 480 hours of the field training officer program to maintain that classification , the paper said . Bates would also have needed firearms certification training . But the sheriff himself has acknowledged there is a problem with Bates ' gun certification records -- his office ca n't find them . "  Bob went out and qualified with three different weapons with an instructor , " Glanz told KFAQ radio this week . He said Bates "  qualified with a young lady that was a firearms instructor . " But she is no longer there . "  She has left the Sheriff 's Office and is now a Secret Service agent , " Glanz told KFAQ . "  And we 're trying to get a hold of her and talk to her about ... we ca n't find the records that she supposedly turned in . So we 're going to talk to her and find out if for sure he did qualify with those . " Opinion : Who gave this reserve cop a gun ? Even before the Tulsa World story , inconsistencies were apparent in Bates ' history with the Sheriff 's Office . In his statement to investigators , Bates said he "  became an advanced TCSO Reserve Deputy in 2007 . " But the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office has said Bates had been a reserve deputy since 2008 . It also said Bates had undergone 300 hours of training . That would be less than the 480 hours of field training that the Tulsa World said is required to be an "  advanced " reserve deputy , which Bates claimed to be . In a statement he made to investigators after the shooting , Bates said the gun he used was his personal weapon , adding that he last qualified at the range in autumn . He also said he 'd attended "  numerous schools and seminars related to drug investigations and the tactical operations associated with the apprehension of suspects involved in drug trafficking , " a five-day homicide investigation school in Dallas and training from Arizona 's Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office on responding to active shooters . But an Arizona official told CNN Bates never trained with the agency . "  He did n't come to Arizona , " the official from the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said , "  and he certainly did n't train with us . " Brewster said that line in Bates ' statement was referring to a lecture given at a seminar in Washington by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio . The seminar was part of extensive training Bates received at classes across the country and through work in the field , he said . "  He met every training regimen , " Brewster said . "  He met every requirement , and all he did was give of himself . " Bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter for Harris ' death . He turned himself in to authorities Tuesday and immediately posted bail of $ 25,000 . His attorney has said he 's not guilty , calling the death an "  excusable homicide . " The lawyer for Harris ' family claims Bates was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment because he 'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff -- an accusation officials deny , saying they stand by his training record . Tulsa Police Sgt. Jim Clark , who has been brought in to review the case , has said Bates fell "  victim " to something called "  slip and capture , " a term to describe a high-stress situation in which a person intends to do one thing and instead does something else . It 's a controversial claim that has n't convinced critics of the department , and calls for an independent investigation into the Sheriff 's Office and the case are growing . Earlier this week , the office spokesman rejected any idea of outside investigators into the shooting . "  We 're not scared to prosecute our own . ... There 's nobody in this culture that can be tougher on cops than their own , " Clark said . "  You know that analogy that you 'll eat your young ? You know , that 's the same thing in law enforcement . If we have a dirty cop in our ranks , we will disclose them much quicker than the media . " A spokesman for Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt said his office is concerned about allegations reported in the media about the case "  and will continue to monitor and assess what appropriate measures , if any , are warranted . " Glanz has stated publicly that he 's reached out to the regional office of the FBI to look into the shooting . Special Agent Terry B. Weber told CNN there 's no open FBI investigation into the case . How easy is it to confuse a gun for a Taser ? CNN 's Ed Lavandera reported from Tulsa . CNN 's Holly Yan and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office in Arizona says Robert Bates never trained with them "  He met every requirement , and all he did was give of himself , " his attorney says Tulsa World newspaper : Three supervisors who refused to sign forged records on Robert Bates were reassigned
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , chairman of the House Budget Committee , is known to glide through the hallways of Capitol Hill with headphones in his ears . It 's a tactic he employs to avoid pesky reporters . But the Republican faced down a flurry of questions on Wednesday at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast with journalists . The potential White House contender offered up his views on a range of topics , like climate change , immigration reform , and his newly-released plan to overhaul federal poverty programs . He bristled at political questions , particularly one about his 2016 thinking . He opted to focus on policy matters and pepper his answers with the kind of opaque beltway jargon â $ " terms like "  pay-fors " and "  scoring " â $ " that betray his Washington pedigree . Ryan , a known fitness buff , ordered a pile of eggs and a side of fruit , declining the sausages and potatoes typically served at the Monitor breakfasts , a Washington political ritual . Here 's some of what he said : On impeaching President Barack Obama : "  I see this as sort of a ridiculous gambit by the President and his political team to try and change the narrative , raise money and turn out their base and raise money for an election that is n't going to go their way . And I will just leave it at that . " On the House Republican lawsuit against Obama : "  What John  Boehner  is doing is expressing frustration that we are not using the power of the purse . All he is trying to do is stand up for congressional prerogatives . And that is why the lawsuit has intellectual merit , because we want to show that we are not going to take this sitting down . " "  The President is issuing executive orders and regulations that exceed the parameters of the statutes that give the authority in the first place . It 's important to make that distinction . That 's why I will vote for it . Because I stand with the speaker in thinking that the President has exceeded his authority . Let 's make sure that we do n't serve the temptation that the Supreme Court is the final arbiter , is the superior branch of government on all things constitutional . That 's not necessarily the case . " So why not impeach ? : "  This does not rise to the high crimes and misdemeanor level . This is a huge difference of opinion which can be litigated in the court of public opinion through elections , which should be litigated through Congress through appropriations and the power of the purse , and there are other routes that are being pursued . But in this case , I think the President has exceeded the statutory boundaries that are written into the laws . There are executive orders that are within the boundaries of statutes to implement and execute laws . But when you do things , regulations and executive orders , that exceed the statutes , the clear letter of the law , that is lawmaking . And the lawmaking occurs in the legislative branch , not the executive branch . " On opposing reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank : "  I do believe that the Ex-Im Bank is representational of some of the crony capitalism that we have in Washington : Big government and big business joining in a common cause to hand out preferences . I believe that we as Republicans should be pro-market , not necessarily pro-business . And that means pro-market is fighting for equal access to opportunity , the rule of law , self-government and fairness . " "  With the Ex-Im Bank , when most of the money goes to a handful of really large connected companies , and a lot of it just goes to one company , that to me is n't quality under the law . That to me is n't free enterprise . ... Could the thing be reformed ? Of course . Is that better than the status quo ? Yes . But at the end of the day , I really do believe there are so many more things we should be dedicating taxpayer resources to than handing it out to select companies . " On what government can do to fight climate change : "  Climate change occurs no matter what . The question is , can and should the federal government do something about it ? And I would argue the federal government , with all its tax and regulatory schemes , ca n't . And all it will do is end up hurting our country , our people , and especially low income individuals . " On whether House Republicans will support some kind of immigration reform before the next presidential election : "  It 's hard to see in this climate , it really is . I think we need to deal narrowly with the border crisis . But because of the demonstrated distrust of the President in enforcing the laws , it is very hard to see how Republicans can come together with a solution that we expect the president to enforce . " "  You know that I am a fan of immigration reform . I have been in favor of immigration reform for many , many years . We have a broken system that needs fixing , for the rule of law , for national security , for economic security . But having said all of that , there is just no confidence or faith that the President will faithfully discharge his duties in executes and implementing the laws as written by Congress at this time . " On his draft proposal to restructure federal poverty programs : "  In many cases , the federal government , in its war on poverty , has inadvertently displaced civil society , prodded out good things that are happening in our communities , when it should be supporting them . It should be manning supply lines , not dictating the front lines . " "  And the other point , it has given the notion in our society that this is n't your problem . Pay your taxes . The government will fix this . The government fixes poverty . That 's not true . We need to break those notions that so that everybody gets involved and does something in whatever way they can to make a difference in this area . And that is one of the messages we need to pound over and over and over if we are going to be successful in reintegrating the poor and getting them from where the are to where they want to be . " On whether he would support the restoration of voting rights for felons : "  I think that 's something that we should look at . It 's something we need to definitely consider . The way I look at this is , we want to encourage the notion that people should be able to earn and deserve a second chance in life . That is how you get people from where they are to the better life that they aspire for themselves . And that should be is something that we should champion in society . And I think this is among the issues that ought to be considered . " Is that a theme the GOP must do a better job of championing ? "  I do n't want to comment on that . " On his thinking about a possible presidential bid in 2016 : "  There really are n't deliberations . I am just doing my job , focusing on the here and now , on 2014 , on the problems that are facing our country that I see in front of me right now . " "  I consciously decided not to think about my personal ambitions or personal career moves , or how I can think about something after 2014 . In 2015 , at the appropriate time , Janna and I will sit down and have the proper deliberations and conversations that are necessary for that . But right now , I am focused on what I can in my job today . I think that 's just a better use of my time , and it 's more faithful to the people I represent to be focusing on what 's in front of us at this time . " Boehner : Impeachment talk a Dem ` scam ' to raise money	Ryan says Obama impeachment talk is a "  ridiculous gambit by the President " GOP lawsuit against Obama is to show "  we are not going to take this sitting down " Republicans have no confidence in Obama for immigration reform Ryan says notion must be broken that government can fix everything
Health.com  -- Teenage boys who are even slightly overweight face an increased risk of heart disease later in life , even if they slim down as adults , according to a new study in the New England Journal of Medicine . Regardless of their adult weight , men who were obese as teenagers were nearly seven times more likely than their slimmest peers to get heart disease in their mid-30s , the study found . Heavier-than-average teens whose body mass index was in the normal range were at increased risk as well .  Body mass index , or BMI , is a ratio of height to weight that provides a rough estimate of body fat . The good news is that the same was not true of diabetes . A man 's BMI as an adult , but not as a teen , was linked to an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes , so slimming down by eating right and exercising appears to go a long way toward preventing the onset of the disease , the researchers say . Health.com : 10 signs of type 2 diabetes "  For those who do n't become obese as adults , the risk of diabetes goes down , but for heart disease this is not the case , " says the lead author of the study , Amir Tirosh , M.D. , an endocrinologist at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , in Boston , Massachusetts . "  You do n't get rid of the risk just by reducing the weight . The body remembers when we were running around with a higher BMI . " Current weight and recent weight changes strongly influence the risk of developing type 2 diabetes . By contrast , the findings suggest , the narrowing and hardening of the arteries  atherosclerosis  that characterizes heart disease and often goes hand in hand with obesity -- both are aggravated by a poor diet and sedentary lifestyle -- is gradual and difficult to reverse , even with weight loss . Health.com : 10 heart-healthy rules to live by It 's important to keep in mind that being overweight is not solely responsible for heart disease or diabetes , says Daniel Marks , M.D. , a pediatric endocrinologist at Oregon Health and Sciences University , in Portland . Nutrition , exercise , and other lifestyle choices , he says , have a "  much greater impact " on risk than body size alone . Two people with the same BMI can have very different risks for diabetes and heart disease if one of them exercises regularly and the other does not , says Marks , who was not involved in the new study . "  BMI is a proxy marker for poor lifestyle choices , " he explains . "  But it 's the lifestyle choices that will get you in the end . We all need to have healthier lifestyles . " Health.com : 15 exercise tips for people with type 2 diabetes Indeed , even some boys in the study whose BMIs were considered "  normal " were at increased risk of heart disease as adults . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention defines kids and teens with a BMI between the 5th and 85th percentile for their age as normal , but Tirosh and his colleagues found that boys with BMIs as low as the 50th percentile -- which equates to a BMI of about 20 -- were at increased risk . "  For patients at the higher end of the normal range , doctors should be addressing risk factors such as family history of heart disease and smoking , " Tirosh says . The study drew on data from the medical records of more than 37,000 Israeli soldiers who were drafted at age 17 and chose to pursue careers in the military . The participants were followed for about 17 years , during which they gained an average of 33 pounds . In order to isolate the effect of teenage BMI , the researchers controlled for cholesterol levels , blood pressure , physical activity , smoking , and family history of heart disease , in addition to changes in weight . Health.com : The 10 best foods for your heart By the end of the study , when most of the men were in their mid-30s , 0.9 percent of them had been diagnosed with heart disease and just over 3 percent had been diagnosed with diabetes . The heart disease rate was substantially higher  1.8 percent  among the men who had been obese as teenagers .  Heart disease was diagnosed with a type of X-ray known as an angiogram ; men qualified if they had at least one coronary artery that had narrowed by 50 percent or more . It 's not clear how well these findings apply to women or to nonmilitary populations , although the authors point out that the men in the study are comparable , health wise , to similarly aged groups of civilian men in other industrialized countries . And though the military may conjure images of rifles and rucksacks , 90 percent of the men in the study worked office jobs , Tirosh says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	New study says teen boys who are overweight face an increased risk of heart disease The study drew on data from medical records of Israeli soldiers drafted at age 17 Current weight and weight changes influence the risk of developing type 2 diabetes
CNN  -- One month after Typhoon Haiyan tore through six Philippine islands , the death toll stands at 5,924 and 1,779 people are still missing , according to government figures released Sunday . More than 12 million people have been affected by the monster typhoon that left behind catastrophic scenes of destruction and despair when it made landfall on November 8 , the government said . It left entire communities without immediate access to food and medical care . Several countries , including the United States , have been aiding in the recovery . According to the Pentagon , the military effort , dubbed Operation Damayan , cost $ 32 million . At their peak , the relief efforts involved more than 13,400 U.S. military personnel , 66 aircraft and 12 naval vessels . Two weeks ago , the U.S. scaled down its operation in the Philippines , but USAID continues to provide food and support as the recovery continues . INTERACTIVE : Panoramic photo shows Haiyan devastation CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	Death toll from Typhoon Haiyan rises to almost 6,000 , and many are still missing 12 million people have been affected by the storm that hit a month ago U.S. military spent $ 32 million on recovery aid ; USAID is still providing food
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Police and soldiers killed at least 133 people during two days of riots between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria last year , Human Rights Watch alleged Monday . Anti-riot policemen patrol the streets in Jos , Nigeria , following riots between Christians and Muslims . Most of the victims of violence by security forces were young Muslim men , often unarmed , the group charged in testimony before a state commission examining the riots and in a separate report . More than 700 people died in the violence last November , the group said , citing local religious authorities on both sides of the divide . A 26-year-old mechanic described seeing anti-riot police known as MOPOLs hunting down people near where he worked . "  I saw them enter one house just across the street from us , " the unnamed witness said . "  We heard shots and later we saw five bodies there . Anyone they found hiding in the garage , they shot them . They combed the garage hunting for people . This went on for about 10 minutes or so . Then they returned to their truck and left . " Another witness described police units going from house to house , summarily executing unarmed men and boys . A third said he saw an unarmed shopkeeper plead for his life . Police ordered him to lie down on the ground , the witness said . "  He kept saying , ` Please God , allow me to live . ' ... One of them said , ` Today you go die , ' and then he shot him in the side . Then the same MOPOL shot him again . As he was going to shoot him a third time , the other MOPOL said ... ` Leave it , he 's already dead . ' " The shopkeeper managed to drag himself to a neighbor 's house , where the neighbor tried to stop the bleeding from wounds to the back and abdomen . Police then returned and shot tear gas into the neighbor 's house , he testified . The shopkeeper "  died a short time later , " the neighbor said . In the report , released Monday , Human Rights Watch says it "  documented 133 of these killings but believes that the actual number of arbitrary killings by security forces may be substantially higher than these figures . " James Manook , a spokesman for Plateau State where the violence occurred , said the Human Rights Watch claims are "  one of the issues that the commission has under inquiry , and given that - I do not want to comment while it 's under investigation . " However , he added , " I assure you that we remain respectful of the rule of law . " The clashes followed a dispute over an election that pitted a Christian candidate against a Muslim one in late November 2008 . Police and soldiers responded to the riots with deadly force , on the same day the governor of the state issued a "  shoot-on-sight " order , Human Rights Watch said . The group based its allegations on 151 interviews in the city of Jos in Nigeria 's Plateau State , it says in the report . It withheld the names of many of the people it interviewed over the course of 18 days in December 2008 and February 2009 . The report includes photographs of burned-out mosques , Christian boarding schools , and homes and businesses . The rights group said the state commission examining the riots should investigate and call for the prosecution of security forces involved . "  At least 130 men were killed by members of the very institutions charged with protecting them , " said Corinne Dufka , senior West Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  These investigative bodies owe it to the victims and their families to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation into these extremely serious allegations . " Eric Guttschuss , a Human Rights Watch researcher , testified before the commission Monday . There is a history of religious violence in central Nigeria , where majority-Muslim north Africa meets largely Christian sub-Saharan Africa . Human Rights Watch estimates that more than 1,000 people were killed in riots in 2001 . Local religious leaders in Jos have been trying to bridge the differences , including setting up a soccer league with teams on which Christians and Muslims play side-by-side . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigerian police , soldiers accused of killing 133 during riots in November 2008 U.S.-based Human Rights Watch says main victims were young Muslim men Witnesses say police units summarily executed unarmed men and boys HRW says death toll could be "  substantially higher " than documented cases suggest
FERNANDO DE NORONHA , Brazil  CNN  -- Forty-one bodies have been recovered from the crash of Air France Flight 447 , the Brazilian Navy Command and Aeronautical Command said Tuesday . Brazilian military personnel on Tuesday carry the remains of one of the passengers of the Air France crash . Sixteen bodies pulled from the Atlantic Ocean Tuesday were taken to Fernando de Noronha for transportation Wednesday afternoon by helicopter to the air base in Recife , Brazil . The 25 bodies previously found were put aboard a Brazilian frigate . Searches for the remaining bodies will continue overnight , the navy and aeronautical command said in a written statement . The Airbus A330 crashed in the Atlantic Ocean June 1 en route from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Paris , France , carrying 228 passengers and crew . The first bodies were recovered about 320 kilometers  200 miles  northwest of the Brazilian archipelago of Saint Peter and Saint Paul ; Tuesday 's recoveries were 80 kilometers  50 miles  away . It was not clear whether the bodies had drifted in the 1-2 knot currents or whether their separation suggested that the jet may have broken apart in the air . Watch bodies being returned to land " Meanwhile , the French , who are leading the investigation , were increasing their naval efforts . The nuclear submarine Emeraude was expected to reach the search area Wednesday to search for wreckage , including the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder . And the French sent two tugs towing 40 tons of recovery equipment , a surveillance ship and a ship equipped for amphibious operations . The United States is also sending equipment to help with the search . Watch challenges faced by search crews " Brazilian authorities said the plane debris will be taken to France for investigation but the bodies would undergo forensic tests in Recife . The cause of the crash is not known , but investigators are looking at the possible role of airspeed sensors known as Pitot tubes , among other factors . Air France has agreed to replace the sensors on its Airbus A330 and A340 jets , a pilots ' union said Tuesday . The airline said Saturday that it began replacing its fleet 's sensors last month . Another Air France pilots ' union , ALTER , has advised its pilots not to fly planes until their Pitot tubes are replaced . ALTER , the smallest of three Air France pilots ' unions , would not say what percentage of the carrier 's pilots it represents . Watch an explanation of what could have caused the crash " The biggest union , SNPL , said Tuesday it has accepted Air France 's assurances that no Airbus A330 or A340 will take off unless at least two of its three Pitot tubes have been replaced . Union spokesman Eric Derivry added that there is no indication that the Pitot tubes caused the accident . Air France said over the weekend that it began to notice in May of last year that Pitot tubes sometimes briefly iced up at high altitude on A330s and A340s . That caused "  a loss of airspeed data , " according to the airline -- that is , the pilots did n't know the plane 's speed . Air France decided to replace all its probes starting April 27 , following laboratory tests earlier in the year , the airline said . That is the program the pilots say the airline has promised to complete within days . The location of the crash has not been determined , because ocean currents have moved the bodies and debris . Map of Flight 447 's flight path " The ocean depth where the debris and bodies have been found varies , but averages about 3,000 meters  nearly 9,900 feet  deep , according to the University of New Hampshire/National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association Joint Hydrographic Center . The search area covers 200,000 square km  77,220 square miles  , nearly the size of Romania , Brazilian officials said . Brazilian officials emphasized Monday that finding bodies was their main priority . The French are in charge of finding the voice and data recorders . Fourteen aircraft -- 12 Brazilian and two French -- were participating , along with five Brazilian ships and one French frigate . The U.S. Navy will contribute two high-tech acoustic devices to listen underwater for the emergency beacons that are attached to the voice and data recorders . The "  towed pinger locators , " which help search for emergency beacons on downed aircraft to a maximum depth of 20,000 feet -- will be placed aboard two French tugs that are part of the search efforts , the official said . CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Ayesha Durgahee , Niki Cook , Jim Bittermann and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	First bodies recovered from the crash of Air France 447 returned to land Air France agrees to replace within days speed sensors , pilots ' union says Air France said it began replacing parts in April The location of the crash has not been determined
CNN  -- A Brazilian court has issued an arrest order for a Google official there , arguing that he violated the South American country 's election law when he did n't respond to a request to take down YouTube videos that allegedly slandered a candidate for mayor in upcoming elections . The warrant from a judge in the southwest state of Mato Grosso do Sul accuses Fabio Jose Silva Coelho , Google 's president in Brazil , of "  disobedience " for not removing YouTube videos about Alcides Bernal , who is running for mayor in the city of Campo Grande . The order also says Brazilian Internet service provider Embratel must block the Google-owned YouTube website in the city for 24 hours . A Google spokesman did not be immediately respond to a request for comment . In court documents , the company argues that it is n't responsible for the contents of the videos and asks for the case to be dismissed . Under Brazilian law , the penalty for disobeying a judge 's order could be up to six months in prison or a fine . Earlier this month , another company executive faced a similar order in the northern state of Paraiba for a video that allegedly slandered a mayoral candidate there . That case was dismissed after Google successfully convinced the judge that it was not responsible for the contents of the video , but simply provided a platform for its diffusion . In August , Facebook faced an order to remove a page criticizing a political candidate or be forced to go dark in the country for 24 hours . The judge in that case suspended his decision two days after it was issued .	A warrant accuses Google 's president in Brazil of disobedience He was asked to remove videos that allegedly slandered a mayoral candidate Google argues that it is n't responsible for the YouTube videos ' contents
CNN  -- The circus has come to town and the villagers are in a frenzy . The light fantastic opening , the displays of super-human strength , the heroes born under the united roar of the crowd . Who can deny the intoxicating beat of the Olympic drum ? Well , quite a few actually . Was it really wise spending $ 14 billion in these times of austerity ? Surely it was heavy-handed to install missiles on residents ' rooftops ? The recruitment shambles involving security company G4S suggested embarrassing unpreparedness ? Yet it seems from the moment Danny Boyle took us on a whimsical journey through British history in the opening ceremony , that cynicism has melted away . Opposing voices , which a year ago appeared the norm , are now labeled killjoys and whingers . Even London Mayor Boris Johnson told them to "  put a sock in it " and support the greatest sporting show on earth . But those skeptical voices continue to murmur , with not everyone falling under the Olympic spell . This charming man "  Has England ever been so foul with patriotism ? " former Smiths front man Morrissey asked during the Games . The flags draped over the shoulders of sobbing medalists were nothing short of "  blustering jingoism " in the British rocker 's eyes . Those moments that had us gathered in fervor around the water cooler -- Michael Phelps ' record medal haul , Usain Bolt 's historic 100m and 200m runs , gold after gold for Team GB -- were positively perverse , according to the 1980s rock icon . "  It is lethal to witness . As London is suddenly promoted as a super-wealth brand , the England outside London shivers beneath cutbacks , tight circumstances and economic disasters , " he said . "  Meanwhile the British media present 24-hour coverage of the "  dazzling royals " , laughing as they lavishly spend , as if such coverage is certain to make British society feel fully whole . " The other Olympics Part of the reasoning behind the Olympic torch route was to make Britons feel part of the Games . But as it made its way from Athens to the stadium in Stratford , another very different flame was winding across London . The Counter Olympics Torch , passed on from protesters at the Vancouver Winter Games , arrived at Leyton Marsh in Hackney to a small gathering of demonstrators . The homemade cone bore the banner "  End Poverty " and represented "  hope for all those for whom the Olympics has become a symbol of repression , eviction , greed and arrogance , " according to organizers The Counter Olympic Network . This was not the flame accompanied by David Beckham on a speed boat and sprinted into the roaring Olympic Stadium before a television audience of 900 million . "  I 'm sure there will be a lot of euphoria during the Games . But when the TV is n't showing images of people winning medals it will be a very different story . " Julian Cheyne , spokesman for The Counter Olympics Network told CNN . "  It claims to deliver lots of things such as tourists , inspiring people to take up sport , regenerating east London . But that 's not the case . "  People have lost their homes , others have gone to jail , local businesses are n't going to get anything out of this . " Cheyne has reason to be angry . In 2007 he was moved out of his home on the Clays Lane Estate in Newham , east London , to make way for the site of the Olympics . A tenant for 16 years , Julian now lives in social housing in neighboring borough Tower Hamlets . "  Some people did n't mind moving . But I 'd been living there since 1991 . I was happy there , " he said . Jailhouse rock Now the impressive Olympic Park is finally built , it is easy to forget what was on the site before . But the compulsory use of land has been a sore point for some east Londoners . In April protesters camped for four weeks outside the building site of a temporary basketball court in nearby Leyton Marshes , Hackney . The demonstration finally ended in a standoff with police , with four of the protesters arrested and jailed for five days . One of them , 29-year-old Simon Moore , was handed an Anti Social Behavior Order  ASBO  and ordered to not to go within 100m of any Olympic venue or activity . "  The local people were n't consulted about a site that 's very important to them , " said Moore . "  People walk their dogs there , run there , picnic there . It was almost like the Olympic juggernaut created this thing that just had to be done at any cost . " Despite his anger , Moore makes an important distinction between the athletes competing and the management of the Olympics . "  There are moments I 've been caught up in the atmosphere . But let 's have an Olympics that respects the community and leaves a lasting legacy . Let 's have an equitable Games that 's more than just a television experience , " he added . Brand London 2012 It is a sentiment shared by former Olympics sustainability commissioner , Meredith Alexander , who quit her role earlier this year after Dow Chemicals was awarded a major sponsorship deal -- including a fabric wrap around the stadium . Campaigners argue Dow holds responsibility for the 1984 Bhopal disaster in India , in which at least 15,000 people died in a gas leak -- a claim which the company denies . Dow bought Union Carbide -- the company which ran the pesticide plant -- 16 years after the disaster and argues it has no responsibility for Bhopal . But for Meredith , the evidence was too damming to ignore . "  I think the Olympics belong to all of us -- it 's supposed to be about celebrating our common humanity . But when you look at the sponsors , I find it impossible to see how the International Olympic Committee can square that with the ethics of these companies , " she said . Shot down Away from the Park , Chris Nineham 's looks out his kitchen window in east London to see anti-terrorist missiles perched on neighbors ' rooftops . Perhaps unsurprisingly , Olympic skepticism is still rife for people living beneath these constant reminders of diabolical terror . "  The way the media is presenting the Olympics as a success just is n't reflective , " said Nineham , spokesman for Stop the Olympic Missiles . "  When they change the concierge they consult you . But when they place weapons of mass destruction on top of your house there 's zero consultation . " Boom times ? Before the Games started , Londoners had been told to prepare back-up plans for getting into work , lest they be swallowed by the swarms of tourists clogging peak-hour Tubes . Likewise , businesses were assured of a recession-busting boom . But the capital has been eerily quiet as Londoners fled on holiday and tourists appeared to side-step the Olympic town . There will be a slight boost from the Games -- the economy is expected to grow by 0.6 % immediately afterwards -- but the glow will fade . "  Once the games are over , the problems facing the UK economy will still be there , " said Howard Archer , IHS Global Insight 's chief UK and European economist . He predicted ticket sales and a spurt in temporary work would help nudge the economy , but "  GDP is likely to be only flat at best overall in 2012 , " added Archer . And the economy could even take an extra hit from everyone watching the Olympics on TV instead of working , he warned . Well , not quite everyone .	As London 2012 comes to a close , not everyone has fallen under the Olympic spell Singer Morrissey criticized the "  blustering jingoism " of Games East London residents moved from their homes , others gone to jail Promise of economic boom largely unfulfilled
CNN  -- One of the jurors who convicted Michael Dunn of attempted murder after he fired into an SUV during a fatal argument believes he should have been convicted of first-degree murder . "  I believed he was guilty , " Valerie said in an interview with ABC 's "  Nightline " early Wednesday . Also known as Juror No. 4 , she asked that her full name not be given in order to protect her identity . A Florida jury on Saturday night convicted Dunn of three charges of attempted second-degree murder for shooting into an SUV full of teenagers after arguing about their loud music . He was also convicted of one count of shooting into the vehicle . But a separate first-degree murder charge in the death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis resulted in a hung jury . Prosecutor Angela Corey said she would seek a new trial on the charge . Dunn faces 60 years or more in prison for the attempted murder charges when he 's sentenced next month . Split over self-defense On the murder charge , Valerie said the jury split over the issue of self-defense . Florida law says the use of deadly force is justifiable if someone reasonably believes that the force is necessary to prevent imminent death or great bodily harm . In his testimony , Dunn insisted that Davis threatened him and that he saw a gun . Police never recovered a weapon . Valerie said the jury 's first vote was 10-2 in favor of a murder conviction . Over nearly 30 hours of deliberations , the vote became 9-3 . Attempted murder conviction Ultimately , the jury convicted Dunn on the charges of attempted murder . Valerie said all the jurors felt Dunn crossed a line when he continued to fire at the SUV as it fled the scene in Jacksonville . In their minds , any threat Dunn may have felt before had passed . "  We all believed that there was another way out , another option , " she said . But for Valerie , it never should have happened at all . Dunn could have chosen another path . "  Roll your window up , ignore the taunting , put your car in reverse ... move a parking spot over . That 's my feeling . " Ron Davis , the victim 's father , told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " he believed Dunn should have been found guilty of first-degree murder . But the father said he thought jurors tried hard to render a just decision . "  We believe absolutely with all of our hearts that they did everything that they could to come to what they believe was the most just decision , " said Jordan Davis ' mother , Lucia McBath . "  We do now know that they were torn . " Jailhouse phone calls The revelations from the juror come after prosecutors released recordings of nine phone calls Dunn made while he awaited trial in a Florida jail . Some of the conversations were mundane , while others revealed a man who calls himself the victim and the victor . "  Like , I 'm the f *** ing victim here , " Dunn said . "  I was the one who was victimized . " "  I mean , I do n't know how else to put it , " Dunn continued . "  They attacked me . I 'm the victim . I 'm the victor , but I was the victim too . " Other comments by Dunn highlighted his negative perception of the teens . "  When the police said that these guys did n't have a record I was like , you know , I wonder if they 're just flying under the radar , " he told his fiancee , Rhonda Rouer . "  Because they were bad . " Gas station confrontation It was November 23 , 2012 , when Dunn pulled into a gas station in Jacksonville , parking next to a red Dodge Durango with four teenagers inside . The teens had come in for gum and cigarettes ; Dunn , meanwhile , had just left his son 's wedding with his fiancee , who 'd gone inside the convenience store for wine and chips . Dunn did n't like the loud music -- "  rap crap , " he called it -- coming from the teens ' SUV . So he asked them to turn it down . What followed next depends on whom you believe . Dunn says Davis threatened him , and he decided to take matters into his own hands upon seeing what he thought was the barrel of a gun sticking out of the Durango . But prosecutors say it was Dunn who lost control , firing three volleys of shots -- 10 bullets total -- at the SUV over music he did n't like . After learning almost six hours later that he had killed Davis , Dunn testified that he became "  crazy with grief , " experiencing stomach problems for about four hours before taking a nap . "  My intent was to stop the attack , not necessarily end a life , " he testified . "  It just worked out that way . " Yet Rouer testified that Dunn had never mentioned any weapon to her -- be it a shotgun , a stick , a barrel or a lead pipe . In fact , police found a basketball , basketball shoes , clothing , a camera tripod and cups inside the teenagers ' Durango . There was no gun in the vehicle . Dunn himself never called police . The first contact he had with them was at his home in Satellite Beach as he was being apprehended . Arguing that he was n't in a rational state of mind , Dunn admitted , "  It makes sense that I should have  contacted authorities  . We did n't . I ca n't tell you why . " Ron Davis told ABC he wants another trial . "  I want Michael Dunn to be tried and found guilty of killing my son , letting him know that it was wrong to kill my unarmed 17-year-old , " Davis said . "  All the other 17-year-olds out there , they should n't have to fear the adults with the guns that are running around here shooting them at will . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Steve Almasy and Sunny Hostin contributed to this report .	Michael Dunn was convicted on three counts of attempted second-degree murder Mistrial declared on first-degree murder charge ; prosecutors say they 'll seek a new trial Dunn faces at least 60 years in prison , possibly 15 more for another charge "  We all believed that there was another way out , another option , " Juror No. 4 tells ABC
CNN Student News  -- May 16 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Louisiana • Atlanta , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz , and today on CNN Student News , we 're gon na be talking about something that wo n't happen until November 6th ... of 2012 ! But we start things off down in Louisiana . First Up : Severe Flooding AZUZ : Officials facing the threat of massive flooding there have opened several gates on the Morganza Spillway . A spillway is something that goes over or around a dam . It 's a safety feature . When too much water builds up around the dam , the spillway 's gates can be opened to let some of that water through . This is what the Morganza Spillway looks like normally : gates closed , nothing coming through . But with floodwaters from the Mississippi River rushing in , engineers opened up some of the spillway 's gates for the first time in nearly 40 years . That 's what you see here : water barreling through the gate . The Morganza Spillway has 125 total gates . Officials plan to open up to one-fourth of those . Opening the gates should divert floodwaters away from major cities , like Baton Rouge and New Orleans , Louisiana . But it will send water toward homes and farmland in other parts of the state . People who live there -- many of whom have had to evacuate their homes -- are preparing for devastation . KELLI TRIMM , BUTTE LAROSE , LOUISIANA RESIDENT : It 's worse than we thought . It 's really worse than we thought . We thought maybe we might have water in our yard . Instead , this is going to come into our home . It 's going to take everything we have got . Presidential Politics AZUZ : The next U.S. presidential election is more than 500 days away . Might sound like the distant future , but there 's a lot that happens between now and then . And since that process is already underway , we 're going to break some of it down for you today . Ultimately , one candidate from each party will face off in the general election . That 's on November 6th , 2012 . Before that , candidates have to win their party 's nomination . That 's what the primary elections help decide . There are lots of political parties out there . The Green Party , the Libertarian Party . We 're going to look at the two biggest parties : the Democrats and Republicans . On the Democratic side , President Obama is an incumbent candidate . He 's running for re-election to the office he already holds . He announced his campaign last month . The Republican side has a field of candidates . Some of them , like former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , U.S. Representative Ron Paul , and former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson , have announced their plans to run for president . Others have formed what are called exploratory committees . They have n't officially announced their candidacy , but they 're looking pretty seriously at the possibilities . Lot of steps to go through between now and election day . We 'll take you through it as campaign season rolls along . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's first Shoutout goes out to Mr. Essex 's geography students at Washington Middle School in Miles City , Montana ! Whose slogan is "  the toughest job you 'll ever love " ? Here we go ! Is it the : A  Boy Scouts , B  Air Force , C  Peace Corps or D  Supreme Court ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A promotional campaign described the Peace Corps as "  the toughest job you 'll ever love . " That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Peace Corps at 50 AZUZ : The organization promotes peace and friendship by having Americans live and work in developing countries . A simple idea , but one that 's lasted . The Peace Corps celebrated its 50th anniversary this year . Brooke Baldwin caught up with a new member of the corps as she began her journey . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN F. KENNEDY , FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT : I have today signed an executive order providing for the establishment of a Peace Corps . BROOKE BALDWIN , CNN ANCHOR : That was March 1961 . In the 50 years since President John F. Kennedy launched the Peace Corps initiative , more than 200,000 volunteers have served in some 139 countries . Twenty-two-year-old Katie Pollak is now one of them . KATIE POLLAK , PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER : It 's an exciting thing to be a part of . So many amazing people have been Peace Corps volunteers , and just the network of people who have done it . They use the word "  family " a lot . It 's exciting to sort of be going into that . BALDWIN : Katie recently earned her college degree in human biology and African studies . She plans to put it to good use for the next 27 months in Senegal , where she 'll work in the Peace Corps malaria program . POLLAK : Professionally , this is going to be sort of the best thing that I can do , in terms of on-the-ground experience and whether I want to work broadly in life or doing policy work . And personally , I think it 's going to be the biggest challenge of my life , being in an entirely new culture . BALDWIN : Peace Corps volunteers serve in several areas : education , HIV/AIDS awareness , agriculture , and business development , just to name a few . They are provided with health insurance , a housing allowance , and they receive about $ 7,500 at the end of their 27-month assignment . And the desire to serve is still very strong . KRISTINA EDMUNSON , DEP . COMMUNICATIONS DIR. , PEACE CORPS : Today , we have more Peace Corps volunteers in the field than at any time in the last 40 years . And , you know , I think it 's representative that Americans are ready to serve . They 're standing up . They 're answering President Obama 's call to service . BALDWIN : Forty-seven people in this latest group of Peace Corps volunteers are heeding that call . COSTA KOKKINOS , PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER : I just hope to do stuff , to complete projects that people will appreciate . Maybe something that 's sustainable , so when I leave they will have it . SARAH KUECH , PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS : Two years seems a lot like now , but in the grand scheme of things , it 's really not that big . So , if I can donate a little of my time to try to do some good , I think it 's worth a shot . BALDWIN : And for Katie Pollak , she says she is ready for the learning experience of a lifetime . POLLAK : One of the goals of the Peace Corps is to bring a better understanding of Americans to other people around the world . And I hope I can , like , be an ambassador for America . And show sort of the good side . BALDWIN : Brooke Baldwin , CNN . END VIDEO Shoutout Extra Credit BARBARA HALL , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! When did Jackie Robinson become the first African-American to play in baseball 's major league ? You know what to do ! Was it the : A  1930s , B  1940s , C  1950s or D  1960s ? Another three seconds on the clock -- GO ! Jackie Robinson made his major league debut in 1947 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Celebrating Civil Rights AZUZ : Starting with Jackie Robinson , black and white major leaguers played together on the field . But for many years , they could n't go to the same restaurants and hotels off the field . That changed with the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s . Saturday , young people got to play and talk with former all-stars as Major League Baseball honored those who fought for social justice in the game and in the country . The celebration continued yesterday when the Atlanta Braves hosted the Civil Rights Game . The teams wore uniforms from 1974 . That 's the year that Hank Aaron hit home run number 715 to break Babe Ruth 's career record . T.J. Holmes talked to "  Hammerin ' Hank " about the influence of the civil rights era . BEGIN VIDEO T.J. HOLMES , CNN ANCHOR : Some of them were out there before you . But when you kind of got into the mix , is that something you wanted ? Did you ever consider yourself kind of a leader being out front , a leader in the civil rights era ? Or did you just want to play baseball ? HANK AARON , BASEBALL HALL OF FAMER : I wanted to play baseball and I never felt like I was a leader . But I felt like Jackie Robinson had paved the way for , and I wanted to be a baseball player . Let me put it that way . And Jackie Robinson had paved the way for all of us . When I say all of them , myself , Willie and some of the other black who 's came before him and was a little bit younger than he was , had paved the way . And I felt like it was my responsibility , not only as a baseball player , but to carry myself in such a way that other blacks would be able to look at me and say , "  oh , I not only want to be the same kind of ballplayer that Hank Aaron was , but I want to carry myself off the field the way that he did . " HOLMES : Do you ever look back and think , "  You know what ? I could have done without it , without the record " ? AARON : No , I never did . No . I felt like it was my responsibility . God had given me the ability to play baseball . I had the world on my shoulders . I knew that I could do most anything I wanted to do out on the baseball field . And I always felt like I was , it may sound kind of silly , but I always felt like I was surrounded by angels on the baseball field . You know , I just felt like there was absolutely nothing that could happen to me . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we 've got the scoop on a big story out of Canada . It 's the world 's largest ice cream cake ! The massive dessert tipped the scales at more than 22,000 pounds . That 's more than 10 tons of ice cream ! Engineering students figured out how to build the thing without it melting . Talk about a brain freeze . Thousands of people showed up for the cake 's debut . Thousands of lucky people ; they each got to try some . Goodbye AZUZ : Must have been sweet to witness a slice of history . We 're gon na chill out for a little bit , but we 'll be back tomorrow with more CNN Student News . See you then .	Learn about spillways and the impact that one is having in Louisiana Follow a new member of the Peace Corps as she begins her journey Hear from a baseball icon about the civil rights era 's influence Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Every day , refugees and migrants risk their lives as they seek a new life . Now , a new report from the International Organization for Migration has put a figure to the number of victims : at least 40,000 deaths since 2000 . More than half of those who died -- some 22,000 -- were trying to get to Europe , the IOM said . Nearly 6,000 more migrant deaths occurred along the U.S.-Mexico border and another 3,000 deaths from migration routes including Africa 's Sahara Desert and the waters of the Indian Ocean , according to the group 's research . "  Our message is blunt : migrants are dying who need not , " said IOM Director General William Lacy Swing . "  It is time to do more than count the number of victims . It is time to engage the world to stop this violence against desperate migrants . " The IOM report , published Monday and titled "  Fatal Journeys -- Tracking Lives Lost during Migration , " puts the number of those killed trying to reach Europe at nearly 4,000 since the start of 2013 . More than three-quarters of those victims died in the first nine months of this year , many of them drowning after being trafficked in unseaworthy vessels from the shores of the Middle East and North Africa across the Mediterranean . Two shipwrecks off the tiny Italian island of Lampedusa last October , in which more than 400 migrants died , made headlines around the world and prompted calls for action . Italy 's navy launched Operation Mare Nostrum to try to find and rescue stranded migrants . Nonetheless , there have been many more shipwrecks and many more deaths in the year since . Just this month , witnesses told the IOM that as many as 500 people had died , including women and children , when human traffickers intentionally sunk their boat in the Mediterranean off Malta . Only 11 survivors have been found . Some of those on board were fleeing conflict in Syria or Gaza ; others were looking for the chance to escape persecution or poverty and build a better life . Eritreans and Syrians made up the largest number of those arriving in Italy so far this year , the IOM said . Italian navy finds dozens of bodies in migrant boat Amnesty International : ` Survival test ' Rights group Amnesty International released a new report Tuesday , accusing the European Union and its member states of "  imposing a survival test on refugees and migrants . " Its research puts the number of those killed in the Mediterranean so far this year at at least 2,500 people . "  In the absence of safe and regular routes into Europe , accepting the risk of drowning in the central Mediterranean is the price many refugees and migrants must pay to access asylum or job opportunities , " it said . The group calls for Europe to do more , pointing out that while Italy has shouldered the burden of migrant rescues in the Mediterranean over the past yea , it is unwilling to do so indefinitely . This is partly because it then takes responsibility for those rescued , who often want to reach other European nations . If Italy does scale down its operation without a new system in place or a better response by the European Union border agency , Frontex , many more lives will be lost at sea , the human rights group cautions . Amnesty International also warns that with the current unrest in the Middle East and long-running conflicts elsewhere , the number of people trying to reach Europe is unlikely to fall . Tens of thousands of people are trapped in increasingly lawless Libya , a major transit nation , and are seeking a way out , the report said . With the sealing off of land routes via Turkey , Greece and Bulgaria , many see no option but to embark on the dangerous journey by sea . "  In 2013 , 48 % of all irregular entrants and 63 % of all those arriving irregularly by sea to the EU came from Syria , Eritrea , Afghanistan and Somalia , countries torn by conflict and widespread human rights abuses , " the report said . ` Laughing ' traffickers ram boat full of migrants and kill 500 , survivors say ` Harsh response ' to migrants The IOM warns that the true number of migrants killed is likely to be "  considerably higher " than the number documented for its report . "  Although vast sums of money are spent collecting migration and border control data , very few agencies collect and publish data on migrant deaths , " said IOM research chief Frank Laczko . Many migrants disappear and die without a trace as they make perilous journeys across deserts or seas . "  The paradox is that at a time when one in seven people around the world are migrants in one form or another , we are seeing an extraordinarily harsh response to migration in the developed world , " said Swing . "  Limited opportunities for safe and regular migration drive would-be migrants into the hands of smugglers , feeding an unscrupulous trade that threatens the lives of desperate people . We need to put an end to this cycle . "  Undocumented migrants are not criminals . They are human beings in need of protection and assistance , and deserving respect . " By highlighting the awful toll of migration , the IOM hopes to discourage would-be migrants from falling into the hands of unscrupulous criminal gangs and traffickers , as well as pressuring developed nations to change their policies to create more safe avenues of legal migration . U.S.-Mexico border An estimated 230 migrants died between January and September of this year trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border , the report said . Because information from the region is so patchy , the figures do n't include the likely several hundred people who die in Central America each year as they make their way north to the border . Between fiscal year 1998 and fiscal year 2013 , a total of 6,029 migrants were found dead on the U.S. side of the border , the report said . About 100 lives a year have been lost on average in the seas bordering Australia , although the number has dropped off significantly this year , the IOM said . Most of those who travel by boat depart from Indonesia , with the vast majority in recent years coming from Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran and Sri Lanka . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	IOM : At least 40,000 migrants have died since 2000 , more than half trying to reach Europe Many migrants die crossing the Mediterranean , including more than 3,000 so far this year Amnesty International accuses Europe of imposing a "  survival test " on desperate people Migrants also die crossing the U.S.-Mexico border , the Indian Ocean and Sahara Desert
TIME.com  -- For many Americans , the passing of Thanksgiving means it 's time to buckle down on Holiday shopping -- but for cinemaphiles it 's time to go to the movies . As studios seek to capitalize on the availability of audiences during the holidays and to get their films released , at least in limited distribution , in time to be eligible for the Academy Awards  nominations for which are due Jan. 3 , according to the Los Angeles Times  , movie theaters tend to fill up with some of the most Oscar-friendly fare of the whole year . Here 's your super-condensed guide to which holiday-season movies are shaping up to be contenders , including a lesser-known film that 's already a proven winner . Movie : The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey In Theaters : Dec. 14 Directed By : Peter Jackson Starring : Martin Freeman , Benedict Cumberbatch , Hugo Weaving , Ian McKellan , Richard Armitage , Andy Serkis Oscar Potential : Warner Bros. has announced that the movie based on the Tolkien classic is vying for nominations for Best Picture , Best Director , Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Actor  Freeman  , Best Supporting Actor  McKellan , Armitage , Serkis  , Best Supporting Actress  Cate Blanchett  , Cinematography and pretty much every technical award possible . If The Hobbit lives up to the precedent set by the Lord of the Rings trilogy  which finished off with a 11 Oscars , including Best Picture and Best Director , for Return of the King  , that long list of goals does n't seem so outlandish . The movie promises an epic quest plot and the visual beauty we expect from LOTR movies -- plus even more of Andy Serkis ' impressive but not-yet-Oscar-winning motion-capture acting work as Gollum . Movie : Zero Dark Thirty In Theaters : Dec. 19  limited Directed by : Kathryn Bigelow Starring : Chris Pratt , Jessica Chastain , Joel Edgerton Oscar Potential : Sony Pictures is also putting forward Zero Dark Thirty -- the movie about the hunt for and eventual capture of Osama bin Laden , the release date for which was pushed back after some said it would boost President Obama 's chances in the election -- for almost every award for which it 's eligible , including Best Picture , Best Director , Best Original Screenplay , Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor  with seven different actors to be considered for that last category  . The story of how the movie was made involves confidential secrets and top-level access , but the story it tells is even more extreme : Chastain plays a CIA operative who is convinced that she 'll be the one to bring down bin Laden , and the screenplay packs years of complicated diplomacy and tracking into a tight and suspenseful package . Bigelow surprised many in 2010 when her The Hurt Locker beat out Avatar and took home the Best Picture and Best Director awards , but it would n't too much of a shock if she did it again . Movie : The Impossible In Theaters : Dec. 21 Directed by : Juan Antonio Bayona Starring : Naomi Watts , Ewan McGregor Oscar Potential : This movie tells the true story of a family torn apart when the 2004 tsunami struck during their family vacation to Thailand and how they found each other again . It 's a tearjerker with an impressive backstory , and director Bayona could pull out a nomination , but the more likely recipients of Oscar nods would be the two stars -- particularly Watts , playing the mother whose quest made The Impossible possible and on whose survival the story hinges . The special effects that bring the tsunami to life , creating a wall of water and debris that batters the characters , may also be found worthy of recognition . Movie : Les Misérables In Theaters : Dec. 25 Directed by : Tom Hopper Starring : Anne Hathaway , Hugh Jackman , Amanda Seyfried , Russell Crowe , Helena Bonham Carter , Sacha Baron Cohen Oscar Potential : Universal Pictures wants Academy members to consider the film version of the classic stage musical  and even more classic Victor Hugo novel  about 19th-century French student revolutionaries and a convict-turned-mayor for Best Picture , Director , Actor  Jackman  , Supporting Actor , Supporting Actress , Adapted Screenplay , technical awards and Best Original Song  for "  Suddenly , " the token new song that most stage-to-film musicals tack on  . The movie has been getting lots of attention for the groundbreaking tactic of actually letting the actors sing live rather than having them lip sync to a recording of their own voices -- visually and vocally , it 's a winning combination that leaves the movie with strong chances in the major all-around categories . Movie : Django Unchained In Theaters : Dec. 25 Directed by : Quentin Tarantino Starring : Leonardo DiCaprio , Jonah Hill , Samuel L. Jackson , Jamie Foxx , Kerry Washington , Christoph Waltz Oscar Potential : Tarantino takes on history in his latest movie , featuring Jamie Foxx as a slave named Django whose freedom is bought in exchange for his services as a bounty hunter . DiCaprio plays the plantation owner who still has Django 's wife in his possession . The movie won a screenwriting award at the Hollywood Film Festival and could do so again . The actors are all Oscar-level performers -- best picture 's not out of the question either . Movie : Amour In Theaters : Dec. 19 Directed by : Michael Haneke Starring : Isabelle Huppert , Jean-Louis Trintignant , Emmanuelle Riva Oscar Potential : So Amour is n't getting the mega advertising push that the other holiday movies will . And it 's been out , at festivals , since May . While it does hit some theaters Dec. 19 in a limited release , it may take a while for it to get to your town . Still , do n't underestimate this one . The movie -- about an elderly couple whose love is strained by illness -- premiered at Cannes , where Haneke won the Palme d'Or and the movie won major acclaim from critics . Even though the film is in French , expect it to break free from the foreign-language category .  And even if you do n't get a chance to see Amour before the year ends , check out the parody Michael Haneke account on Twitter for some Cannes-inflected laughs ... and only a modicum of spoilers . Read original story at TIME.com . & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	A few of the holiday-season movies are shaping up to be Oscar contenders There are dramas , a fantasy tale and even a musical Some pictures are being released on a limited basis to make them eligible
The Amazon Princess ' ardent fans have demanded it for years , and it 's finally happening : Wonder Woman will get her own movie in 2017 , Warner Bros. . Pictures announced on Wednesday . The movie will star Gal Gadot in the title role . And she wo n't be alone . Rumors that Jason Momoa was going to play Aquaman in his own movie were confirmed as well , with that film slated for 2018 , along with "  The Flash " starring Ezra Miller  "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower "  . All these movies will follow 2016 's highly anticipated "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice "  with Henry Cavill , Ben Affleck and Gadot  . 2017 will see "  Justice League Part One , " which will gather all the DC Comics heroes , similar to "  Marvel 's the Avengers " in 2012 . A second part is slated for 2019 , and Zack Snyder , the director "  Batman v. Superman " will helm both films . "  Shazam , " the story of a child who turns into a superhero when he utters the fateful word , will bow in 2019 . 2020 's "  Cyborg " will star Ray Fisher , who will also be seen in "  Batman v. Superman . " Those who were disappointed by Ryan Reynolds ' take on "  Green Lantern " will see a reboot come 2020 . Warner Bros. , which is owned by Time Warner , as is CNN , also announced more "  Lego Movies : " one about "  Lego Batman "  with Will Arnett voicing the caped crusader  in 2017 , and "  Lego Movie 2 " the next year . Potterheads have much to look forward to as well . J.K. Rowling 's screenwriting debut will take the form of a trilogy of "  Fantastic Beasts " movies , in 2016 , 2018 and 2020 . Fans of superheroes , wizards and toy blocks may need to start saving up now for all those movie tickets .	"  Wonder Woman " is one of many new DC Comics based films announced Wednesday J.K. Rowling 's "  Fantastic Beasts " will be a trilogy in the second half of this decade "  Lego Movie " will have two follow-ups
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Fifteen years after his death , and after his family fought a very long bureaucratic battle with the government , Enrique Valdez 's name was added to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial . Rick Valdez looks at his father 's name on the Wall on Monday . Valdez was a Marine gunnery sergeant wounded by shrapnel in August 1969 , combat that left him a quadriplegic . Since his death in 1994 , his family has been waiting for the Defense Department to answer their requests that Valdez be included on "  The Wall . " On Memorial Day , his family finally got their wish , as they watched his name officially added to "  The Wall . " His name was added to the registry after the Department of Defense declared he was eligible because he died from his war injuries . Rick Valdez was 7 when his father was deployed to Vietnam . "  The night he had to go to the bus station for his second tour of duty , that was the last time I saw him walking , " the son recalled . "  The next time we saw him was at the Veterans Administration hospital in Long Beach -LSB- California -RSB- , after they shipped him home , " he said . The Marine was 32 . "  There are people that are worse off than I was , " Tina Valdez recalled his father always saying . "  I enlisted , and I served . I knew what I was getting into . And if this is the worst that could happen to me , well then , so be it . " When notification came weeks ago from the Defense Department that Valdez 's name would be added to the Wall , there was no explanation with it . Valdez 's family previously thought since he had n't been killed during war , Enrique Valdez could n't be on the wall . Comrades and others told the family that he could be added to "  The Wall "  as long as we could show that his death was a result of his -LSB- war -RSB- injuries , " said daughter Tina Valdez . "  And when my father passed away , they put it on the death certificate , long before we even knew that this was a possibility . " Now , they could n't be more thrilled that it 's not a possibility anymore -- it 's a reality -- though they do n't have an explanation for why the Defense Department finally notified them . "  What changed ? " his daughter Tina Valdez asked . "  I 've been sending -LSB- the Defense Department -RSB- the same information for 14 years . Why all of a sudden is it different now ? " But when she saw the fresh lettering earlier this month on Panel 17 , she felt that an explanation did n't matter as much anymore . "  It 's OK , because his name is here , " she said . Watch Gunnery Sgt. Valdez 's family at the Memorial " Enrique Valdez joins 58,260 other names listed on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial , and his is the only name added this year under 1969 , for combat deaths that year or later deaths resulting from injuries sustained in combat that year .	Marine Gunnery Sgt. Enrique Valdez 's name added to Vietnam Veterans Memorial Valdez died from wounds suffered in August 1969 His family worked for years to have his name added to the memorial
CNN  A U.S. Air Force veteran who allegedly tried to join ISIS in Syria but was turned back by Turkish authorities before he could get to the war-torn country entered a not guilty plea to terror-related charges Wednesday in a federal court in New York . Tairod Nathan Webster Pugh , accused of making the foiled attempt in January , was indicted by a grand jury on charges of trying to give material support to the terror group and obstruction of justice , the U.S. Justice Department said in a two-count indictment announced Tuesday . Among the evidence , prosecutors allege : Investigators discovered on his laptop computer a letter saying he wanted to "  use the talents and skills given to me by Allah to establish and defend the Islamic States , " and a chart of crossing points between Turkey and Syria , where ISIS controls some territory . Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West ? Pugh , a 47-year-old convert to Islam and a former New Jersey resident who served in the Air Force from 1986 to 1990 , was arrested upon his return to the United States in January , the Justice Department said . "  Pugh , an American citizen and former member of our military , allegedly abandoned his allegiance to the United States and sought to provide material support to ISIL , " Assistant U.S. Attorney General John Carlin said , using an alternate acronym for the Islamist terror group that controls territory in parts of Iraq and Syria . At his arraignment Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn , Pugh appeared in a black T-shirt and khaki pants and stated his name . He pleaded not guilty through his attorney , Michael Schneider . The defendant , a former avionics instrument system specialist in the Air Force , flew from Egypt to Turkey on January 10 , weeks after being fired from a Middle East-based job as an airplane mechanic , U.S. authorities allege . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? But Turkey denied him entry . In the indictment , U.S. authorities said Turkey was likely suspicious Pugh was headed for Syria . Instead Turkish officials sent him on a return flight to Egypt , where he was detained . In Egypt , he was carrying multiple electronic devices , "  including four USB thumb drives that had been stripped of their plastic casings and an iPod that had been wiped clean of data , " the Justice Department said in a statement . Pugh had purposefully tampered with the devices to prevent others from getting access to his electronic media , the indictment said . Pugh was deported to the United States , where agents with the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force obtained a warrant for his devices , including the laptop , the department said . Investigators found a letter from January addressed to a Misha , whom they believe is his wife , authorities said . In it , the writer says : "  I am a  mujahedeen  . I am a sword against the oppressor and a shield for the oppressed . I will use the talents and skills given to me by Allah to establish and defend the Islamic States . " In addition to that letter and the Turkey/Syria border chart , agents also found recent Internet searches for information on "  borders controlled by Islamic state , " as well as "  Internet searches for ` Flames of War , ' an ISIL propaganda video , " and "  downloaded videos , including one showing ISIL members executing prisoners , " the Justice Department said . They also found what the government said was another 180 jihadist propaganda videos . Pugh was arrested in Asbury Park , New Jersey , on January 16 . While in the Air Force , Pugh was trained in installing and maintaining aircraft engine , navigation and weapons systems , the Justice Department said . Pugh converted to Islam after moving to San Antonio in 1998 , according to the indictment . The indictment said he took a job as a mechanic with American Airlines in or about 2001 . The airline has not responded to a request for comment . In 2001 , an American Airlines co-worker alerted the FBI that Pugh "  sympathized with Osama bin Laden , felt that the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies overseas were justified , and expressed anti-American sentiment , " the complaint said . One year later , an associate told the FBI that Pugh had expressed interest in traveling to Chechnya to "  fight jihad . " From October 2009 to March 2010 , he worked in Iraq as an Army contractor for DynCorp , according to the complaint . According to Pugh 's LinkedIn page , he listed himself as a maintenance manager for Gryphon Airlines , a Kuwait-based charter airline , since September 2014 . But the airline told CNN that Pugh was only under consideration to work for it in 2014 . "  In third quarter 2014 , Mr. Pugh was under consideration for a future Gryphon project , but did not meet the qualifications , " the airline said in a statement . "  Gryphon declined to hire Mr. Pugh . Gryphon personnel are cooperating with the authorities . " His last known U.S. address was in Neptune , New Jersey , but he had lived in Egypt for about the last year , the indictment said . If convicted , Pugh could be sentenced to up to 35 years in prison . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , John Newsome and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Tairod Nathan Webster Pugh enters not guilty plea to terror-related charges Pugh flew to Turkey on January 10 , authorities say Authorities allege a letter on his laptop told his wife he was a mujahedeen
CNN  It 's bespoke , beautifully formed , and changing the face of transport in Ghana . The bamboo bicycle is gaining traction in the country and one organization is riding this popularity wave to increase youth employment in the process . Booomers International is a social enterprise training rural Ghanaian communities in the art of bamboo bicycle manufacture to provide an economic freedom many of them have never experienced . "  We were looking at how we can engage the youth in the right areas into a meaningful venture , " says company founder and CEO Kwabena Danso , who last year launched Booomers as a subsidiary enterprise of a development organization called Yonso project . " -LSB- I 've been -RSB- engaging them in the bamboo bicycle business . " Top gear Bicycles made from bamboo have been around for more than a century but demand has only increased in recent years , in part due to the reintroduction of the concept by renowned bicycle designer Craig Calfee in 1995 . Calfee went on to form Bamboosero , a Californian company dedicated to increasing the uptake of bamboo bicycles , particularly in developing countries , and today a number of companies across Africa are seizing the opportunity to make use of this abundant , natural resource to create a boom in bicycling . It 's tensile strength and environmental sustainability make bamboo a highly desirable material . "  We do bamboo bicycles , bamboo bicycle stands and bicycle baskets for now , " says Danso and their biking portfolio includes road , city , and mountain bikes in both male and female versions . "  Each bike is purely handmade ... once you get your bike nobody else in the world has it . " Whilst there are bikes being crafted by other manufactures in Ghana , at the root of Booomers lies not only innovative design but a social conscience with climate change mitigation and rural poverty alleviation among their primary goals . Danso takes his rural youth teams through the entire manufacturing process -- from the harvesting of bamboo through to the final assembly of bespoke bicycles -- to ensure they 're equipped with a diverse skill set . Some apprentices have had the pleasure of being trained by Calfee himself . "  We managed to get him to come down to train people , " says Danso . Overcoming hurdles Danso knows the challenges of manufacturing in rural Ghana well , including low capital , high production costs and unreliable electricity sources . "  Sometimes you come to work for two days and there is no light , " Danso says . "  That 's a really big problem to manufacturing in Africa . " But despite such limitations he is determined for his bicycles to travel the globe . "  In the next five years we want to conquer the world , " he concludes . His wish is for Boomers to become a resource not only for bicycles , but also furniture , household items and even houses made of bamboo . "  We want to make this place the point where you come and get everything from bamboo . " More from African Start-Up Bike tour gives taste of township life	The bamboo bicycle is increasing in popularity across Ghana and Africa Boomers International is a social enterprise creating bespoke bicycles whilst reducing youth unemployment The bamboo bicycles are uniquely designed to each customer meaning there is no replica anywhere in the world The company hope to expand to furniture , household items and houses made of bamboo
A great many filmmakers â $ " too many â $ " use handheld cameras to evoke a sensation of raw , this is really happening immediacy . But director Paul Greengrass is unique . At a glance , his live-wire , ragged-camera method may seem overly familiar , but the way he employs it , that method is as expressive as the style of a superb novelist . The note of authenticity he strikes is n't just about how he holds the camera . It 's about what the camera is shooting : Greengrass sets up and stages organically detailed situations that he then films as if he were making a documentary . He pioneered that method in "  Bloody Sunday "  2002  , his spectacular drama about the 1972 Northern Ireland massacre , and he carried it into his two Bourne films  making the most far-fetched espionage potboilers seem genuine  and , of course , into United 93 , the galvanizing post-9 / 11 dramatization that let you feel like you were right on board that doomed plane . Greengrass keeps you off balance â $ " he 's a jittery poet of reality . And he proves that yet again in "  Captain Phillips , " his suspensefully spiky thriller based on a shattering incident from April 2009 , when the crew of a U.S. cargo ship , the MV Maersk Alabama , was held hostage for several days by a band of Somali pirates armed with machine guns . Early on , Greengrass echoes what he did in "  United 93 , " letting us peek separately into the lives of both the victims and their attackers before the vehicle in question takes off . Capt. Richard Phillips  Tom Hanks  , a veteran merchant mariner , still lives in his native New England , and he 's a plainspoken family man full of anxiety about the economically bleak new world his kids are facing . When his wife  Catherine Keener  drops him off at the airport , we can see he reveres her . The film then cuts to Somalia , a land of dust and poverty , where the pirates are recruited for their mission as if they were migrant farmworkers lining up to be chosen for that day 's labor . Greengrass does n't have to fill in much about the violent , chaotic breakdown of Somalia to let us know that these men have little choice in life : Taking up arms to steal , or even to kill , is the central option their society has handed them . When the giant cargo liner rounds the Horn of Africa , Captain Phillips realizes he 's in dangerous waters . A radar that detects the pirates as they zoom toward the ship on two motorboats gives you a sickening feeling . As soon as they climb aboard , evading the spray of water hoses that are the crew 's only " weapons , " we know we 're seeing a clash of two cultures : the privileged Western world , with its power and bounty  all symbolized by the vastness of that ship  , and the desperate quarters of the Third World , locked outside the loop of technological progress and hope . One of the pirates , a young fellow named Muse , is played by Barkhad Abdi , who has the ravaged , bone-hungry face of a starving child all grown up . That face haunts the movie , and so does Abdi 's extraordinary acting . Muse is ruthless , forlorn , street-smart , naive  he wants millions of dollars , even though there 's only $ 30,000 on the ship  , and even compassionate , all at the same time . In dramatic terms , he 's the enemy , yet Abdi 's performance inspires us to ask : How , in the modern world , did the violence Muse embodies become part of the family of man ? Phillips must guard his crew , negotiate with the pirates , and keep his own fears in check , and Hanks acts with a minimalism that speaks volumes : We 're wired into his every glance . Phillips sends the pirates on a wild goose chase throughout the massive ship , and Captain Phillips becomes a gripping life-or-death chess game : Who will survive ? Who will outwit whom ? But in the second half , when Phillips is forced to board an enclosed lifeboat along with the pirates , the film 's suspense begins to ebb . It 's not that Greengrass ' electrifying style fails him . It 's that the movie , tethered for close to an hour to the strategies and tensions aboard the lifeboat , keeps giving us things to observe , but maybe not so much to discover . Grade : B + See the original at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tom Hanks tackles the starring role in "  Capt. Phillips " The film was directed by Paul Greengrass Critic gives it a grade of B +
CNN  -- The evolution of drones continues . The U.S. Naval Research Laboratory on Thursday announced it successfully launched a drone from a submerged submarine . The technology is being pursued to give sailors additional intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance abilities . Some of the funding for the project came from SwampWorks , a program of the Office of Naval Research that focuses on innovative and cutting-edge technologies . "  Developing disruptive technologies and quickly getting them into the hands of our sailors is what our SwampWorks program is all about , " said Craig A. Hughes , acting director of innovation at Office of Naval Research . "  This demonstration really underpins ONR 's dedication and ability to address emerging fleet priorities . " Your personal $ 849 underwater ` drone ' The drone , or unmanned aerial system , was launched from a torpedo tube on the USS Providence , the Navy said in a news release . The drone itself was inside a launch vehicle called the Sea Robin that fit inside the torpedo tube . Once launched , the Sea Robin made its way to the ocean surface and , upon command , the drone itself launched from there , the Navy said . The drone , powered with electric fuel cells , then flew for hours , streaming live video back to Navy officials . Unlike other projects that can take decades to produce results , the technology to launch a drone from a submerged submarine took just six years from concept to demonstration , the Navy said . "  This six-year effort represents the best in collaboration of a Navy laboratory and industry to produce a technology that meets the needs of the special operations community , " said Warren Schultz , program developer and manager at the Naval Research Laboratory . "  The creativity and resourcefulness brought to this project by a unique team of scientists and engineers represents an unprecedented paradigm shift in UAV  unmanned aerial vehicle  propulsion and launch systems . " U.S. Navy launches stealth sub	Navy researchers launch a drone from a submerged submarine The technology can give sailors a surveillance and recon edge A demonstration of the new technology was successful
CNN  Chile 's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday , marking the third time since last week , the National Service of Geology and Mining said . Gregorio Billikopf lives across Lake Llanquihue from the volcano has been photographing and videotaping the three eruptions and described Thursday 's event as spectacular but not as severe as the two prior ones . "  There is still smoke on and off , but nothing so dramatic  as before  , " said Billikopf , a retired university adviser on agricultural issues . "  On a good day I can see about eight volcanoes . "  I understand that the rain that was announced for today would have been a disaster , " he added . He lives in a rainy part of Chile , which he described as like a Garden of Eden . The explosion produced an extensive plume , but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and April 23 , according to CNN Chile . Deputy Interior Minister Mahmud Aleuy said about 1,500 people were evacuated , and security measures will continue as "  contingency plans are operating , " CNN Chile reported Thursday . For the past several days , the geology agency has maintained there was a possibility of a third eruption as part of steadily declining seismic activity in the area . A 20-kilometer  12-mile  exclusion zone has been established around the crater , and Chilean authorities have been keeping residents away from that zone . Last week , military and police forces helped evacuate more than 4,400 residents , the Interior Ministry said then . The seismic event is sure to add to the volume of ash already spewed since the first eruption . Ash spread to Argentina in the second eruption , which occurred a day after the first . Evacuations in the region involved not only people but also animals . The volcanic debris has landed and piled up in some places to a depth of almost 2 feet , the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety said . New advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet . There was no immediate information on the strength of the third eruption , but government officials have said the second , spectacular nighttime eruption was stronger than the first one . Last week in Ensenada , houses , trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash . People were removing salmon -- a staple of the local economy -- because of fears of contamination from ash and lava . Trucks were used to evacuate farm animals and pets . Authorities last week issued a red alert for the popular tourist towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas in southern Chile . Last week , people were being evacuated to Puerto Montt on 22 buses and military trucks , the Interior Ministry said . Officials said that volcanic flows from Calbuco caused rising water levels in the Río Blanco . The first eruption set off a bit of a panic in the region . "  At the beginning , it was small , and later , the cloud grew . And later , there was a huge cloud over you and true terror starts , " a Puerto Montt resident said . Another person said : "  It was impressive to see an enormous mushroom cloud , with the immense force of the volcano , and to see the ashes . At that point , there was a lot of panic , lots of chaos , traffic jams , people going to supermarkets , everyone looking for water , trying to take out money from the ATMs . " Magma expanse under Yellowstone supervolcano more vast than thought The eruption is a first for many in the region . The last major eruption was in 1962 . There was a minor eruption in 1972 . Calbuco also belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996 . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed from Sao Paolo , Brazil . CNN 's Michael Pearson also contributed to this report .	"  There is still smoke on and off , " says resident with distant view The volcano erupts for third time since April 22 About 1,500 people are evacuated , an official says , according to CNN Chile
Arusha , Tanzania  CNN  -- In most doctors ' waiting rooms , it 's the nurse who calls the mother and child for their vaccination . In Tanzania 's Arusha National Park , nurse Neema Baynet has to go out and find her patients . With the Maasai tribes constantly on the move searching for water and fresh pasture for their cattle , Baynet can spend up to five days traveling 100 km searching the savannah for remote communities for whom her mobile immunization clinics are the only protection against deadly disease . "  A week before we set off , we send out a message to the communities and ask them to spread the word that we are coming so we can vaccinate as many children as possible , " says Baynet . "  Tell them the chanjos -LSB- vaccines -RSB- are coming . Bring your children ! " Despite the beauty of the backdrop of mountains , lakes and stunning savannah , Arusha 's geography poses severe logistical challenges that leave Maasai mothers waiting days rather than hours for the nurse -- not because of a backlog of patients but because the nurse struggles to reach them . There are rivers to cross , rough tracks that turn into mud beds in the rainy season , impassable even for 4x4 vehicles , and sometimes no real track to follow . The terrain means health workers often sleep in their vehicle and are forced to complete their journey by foot -- in a region renowned for its dangerous wildlife . "  We do not often see lions , " says Baynet , "  but we can hear them at night and see their tracks by day . " See also : Wildlife puts Tanzania on the tourist map In the soaring temperatures of Arusha 's equatorial climate , Baynet 's quest to find her patients is also a race against time : modern vaccines must be kept cool to preserve their powers of prevention , and a cold box packed with ice is Baynet 's very temporary defense . Yet the children of the Maasai can not afford to miss out on the protective powers of vaccines . "  When a child falls sick in such areas , the greatest problem is getting them medical help , " says Osmand Swai , clinical officer at a health center in the Maasai village of Gelai Lumbwa . "  They have to be carried over vast distances to reach the nearest doctor . When they arrive , they are usually in a very bad condition . " Nasieku Engishon lives in the Maasai settlement of Engirirat , near Gelai Lumbwa . She almost lost her 10-month-old daughter to pneumonia and diarrhea . "  When a child becomes sick , we carry them to the health center , " she says . "  Carrying a sick child , it can take four to six hours to get there . " As a tribe that was decimated by disease and famine in the 19th century , the Maasai themselves are keenly aware of the importance of vaccinating their children . "  There was an outbreak of measles here last August and a lot of children became very sick , " says Narangrang Laiseri , from Gelai Lumbwa . "  They took them to hospital , but five from this area died . I was lucky -- my son had been vaccinated against measles and he was one of the ones who got better quickly . " See also : Fighting cancer with cell phones : Innovation to save lives in Africa The need to get to hard-to-reach people like the Maasai and the rest of the estimated 8 % of Tanzania 's population that do not receive basic life-saving vaccines has taken on a new urgency with the country 's recent launch of a five-year development plan . The government wants to shift the national economy up a gear in its drive to transform Tanzania into a middle-income country by 2025 , and it is now widely acknowledged that investing in children 's health through vaccination is critical to building solid economic foundations . Healthy children do better in school and have a better chance to reach their full economic potential . Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikweke is hosting this week 's high-level gathering of over 650 immunization experts in the capital , Dar-es-Salaam . The GAVI Alliance Partners ' Forum  5-7 December  will focus on how to achieve equity in children 's access to life-saving vaccines . To mark the event , the health ministry will launch two new vaccines into the national immunization program -- pneumococcal and rotavirus -- tackling the primary causes of pneumonia and diarrhea -- two of the leading killers of under-fives in Tanzania . Tanzania 's One Plan aims to ensure that these new vaccines reach all children , from the Maasai in the north to the islands of Zanzibar , where boats are used to deliver medicine to the more remote of the archipelago 's many islands . "  We have a strategy to reach every child with vaccination and we engage communities in planning and implementing it , " says Yussuf Makame , manager of Zanzibar 's Expanded Programme on Immunisation . However , Maasai mothers remain fearful that the sheer geographical scale of Arusha means that for them the waiting game is destined to go on . "  Of course we know how important it is to vaccinate our children , " says Laiseri . "  Whenever we hear the vaccinators are coming , people bring their children . But sometimes they are so far away , they do not hear about the vaccination in time . "	Getting vaccines to wandering Maasai tribes in Tanzania can take days About 8 % of Tanzanians do not receive basic life-saving vaccines GAVI Alliance Partners ' Forum to focus on children 's access to life-saving vaccines . Tanzania to launch new vaccines to prevent pneumonia and diarrhea
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone struck and killed targets in Pakistan 's tribal region Friday , the first such attack since American troops killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden north of Islamabad earlier this week . Two Pakistani intelligence officials told CNN that 12 suspected militants were killed in the assault in the Data Khel region of North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan . The drone , an unmanned aircraft , attacked a militant hideout and a vehicle carrying militants . The U.S. operation targeting bin Laden intensified discord and highlighted the mistrust between Pakistan and the United States , which did not inform the Pakistanis of the raid in the military garrison town of Abbottabad . Before that dramatic operation , many Pakistanis had been particularly displeased with the controversial practice of targeting militants with unmanned aircraft because civilians have died in the operations . Last month , 44 people were killed in a drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region and the government of Pakistan formally asked the U.S. government for an apology . After that strike , frequency of the drone strikes was reduced . CNN 's Islamabad bureau has counted only four drone strikes over the last month and a half . Friday 's suspected drone strike was the 21st this year compared to 111 in all of 2010 . There was no immediate comment on the strike from the United States . The intelligence officials asked not be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media . Imran Khan -- head of a right-wing political party in Pakistan -- has warned that his party and followers will disrupt the flow of supplies through Pakistan to NATO troops in Afghanistan if the strikes are n't stopped . His group held a sit-in protest against the strikes in Peshawar last month . Around 8,000 to 10,000 people participated .	The operation took place in North Waziristan Drone strikes have been controversial in Pakistan One politician warned of disrupting NATO supply route
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  A swarm " of several hundred earthquakes , the strongest measuring a 5.5 magnitude , were centered east of San Diego near California 's border with Mexico on Sunday afternoon but caused little damage , seismologists said . Sunday 's shaking in Southern California 's Imperial Valley was the most activity recorded there since the 1970s , according to U.S. Geological Survey seismologist Lucy Jones . "  We are having a swarm , " Jones said . "  We expect thousands of events  like this  over several days . " In Brawley , the town closest to the center of the swarm , a Fire Department dispatcher said there were no reports of injuries so far . Brawley is about 100 miles east of San Diego and about 200 miles southeast of Los Angeles . Major earthquake hits off coast of El Salvador Only minor damage had been reported , said Robert Graves , another USGS seismologist . Graves told reporters that about 300 quakes had been recorded by Sunday evening . More than 30 had a magnitude over 3.5 , and the biggest "  are a little bit larger than what we have seen in these types of processes in the past . " Graves said the area is a "  zone of transition " between the Imperial and San Andreas faults and tends to have more frequent earthquake activity than other parts of California . He said that previous swarms -- some of which were recorded as early as the 1930s -- were n't precursors to a bigger quake , but "  that 's not to say it wo n't happen . " "  At the very least , use this is a reminder : We live in earthquake country , " he said . "  If we 're going to have an earthquake , it 's as likely today as it is tomorrow or next week . So the message here , if nothing else , is make sure you 're prepared , you have your emergency kit , your emergency supplies and know what you 're going to do . " Are you there ? Share your earthquake images and videos . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : The quake is a reminder "  We live in earthquake country , " scientist says "  We expect thousands of events  like this  over several days , " seismologist Lucy Jones says Sunday 's shaking in California 's Imperial Valley is the most activity since the 1970s No injuries and only minor damage have been reported
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Iran has condemned the kidnapping of one of its diplomats in northwest Pakistan on Thursday , calling it an "  act of terrorism , " an Iranian foreign ministry spokesman said . Pakistani policemen inspect a bullet-riddled car of a kidnapped Iranian diplomat on Thursday . "  Pakistan should do its best to protect foreign diplomats and their residential places , " the spokesman Hassan Qashqavi said , according to Iran 's state-run IRNA news agency . At least four gunmen abducted Heshmatollah Attarzadeh near his home in Peshawar as he headed to work at the Iranian consulate , according to Pakistani police and Iranian diplomatic officials . His bodyguard , a Pakistani police officer , was shot and killed when the two men tried to resist , a Peshawar police official said . Pakistan 's Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also "  strongly condemned " the attack , and informed Iran that the government "  will take all necessary measures for his safe and early recovery . " Attarzadeh is a commercial attache for the Iranian consulate in Peshawar . It is the second attack targeting a foreign worker in Peshawar in two days . An American aid worker was shot and killed outside the Iranian consulate in Peshawar on Wednesday . Stephen Vance worked for a non-profit foundation funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development that helped find jobs for people in Pakistan 's tribal regions , according to a statement from his employer , the Cooperative Housing Foundation International . "  Stephen had fully immersed himself in the community in which he worked , " the statement said . "  He dressed traditionally and even sent his children to local schools . " Vance , 52 , a native of California , is survived by his wife and five children -- all of whom lived with him in Peshawar -- CHF International official Bill Holbrook told CNN . The attacks come less than three months after gunmen opened fire on a vehicle carrying the senior U.S. diplomat in Peshawar , Lynne Tracy . She escaped unharmed . Peshawar is the capital of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , an area rife with Islamic extremists and the site of recent clashes between security forces and militants . In late June , Pakistan 's military launched an offensive in the province -- the biggest push against extremists in the tribal region since the civilian government took power in March . Islamic militants vowed to retaliate . Since then , militants have launched several deadly attacks . Pakistan 's new government has tried to negotiate a deal with militants as part of its efforts to bypass military might and achieve peace through talks .	Diplomat was kidnapped and his bodyguard killed in Peshawar , northwest Pakistan Authorities believe he was kidnapped while traveling from his home to consulate On Wednesday , gunmen shot and killed an American aid worker in Peshawar
CNN  -- Spanish champions Barcelona started their season with a 3-0 win at Racing Santander but Jose Mourinho endured a low key start to his Real Madrid career as his team were held to a 0-0 draw by Real Mallorca . Argentina striker Lionel Messi was on target inside three minutes for Pep Guardiola 's side , as they look to record their third successive La Liga title . Andres Iniesta , who scored the goal that won Spain the World Cup in South Africa , doubled Barca 's lead half an hour later with a precise volley . Mohamed Tchite missed a penalty for Santander before new Barcelona signing David Villa grabbed his first goal for the club on the hour mark as he nodded Dani Alves 's cross into the net . Mourinho 's new look Madrid were held to a listless draw by Mallorca despite squandering a host of chances . Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain missed a string of opportunities , as Mourinho threw more and more men forward in search of a winner . Elsewhere , Real Sociedad beat Villarreal 1-0 thanks to Xabi Prieto 's goal , while Pablo Osvaldo grabbed two goals as Espanyol beat Getafe 3-1 . Osasuna and Almeria , and Deportivo La Coruna and Real Zaragoza drew 0-0 . In Italy , AC Milan began their season with a resounding 4-0 victory over Lecce to hand new coach Massimiliano Allegri a debut league win . Brazilian striker Pato scored twice with Thiago Silva and Filippo Inzaghi grabbing the other goals . Massimo Donati scored the only goal of the game as Bari consigned Juventus to a 1-0 defeat . Sampdoria made up for their midweek Champions League exit by beating Lazio 2-0 thanks to goals from Antonio Cassano and Stefano Guberti . Fiorentina and Napoli drew 1-1 as both teams finished with ten men while Parma beat Brescia 2-0 . Sergio Pellissier 's late penalty gave Chievo Verona a 2-1 win over Catania . Palermo and Cagliari drew 0-0 . In Germany , Borussia Monchengladbach beat Bayer Leverkusen 6-3 in an astonishing game at the BayArena . Patrick Herrman got two for Monchengladbach while Roel Brouwers , Juan Arango , Mohamadou Idrissou and Marco Reus all got on the scoresheet . Borussia Dortmund won 3-1 at VfB Stuttgart thanks to an own goal from Khalid Boulahrouz and strikes from Lucas Barrios and Mario Götze . In France , Bordeaux are still searching for their first win of the new season as they rescued a 1-1 draw with defending champions Marseille thanks to Anthony Modeste 's late goal . Lille and Nice drew 1-1 , Sochaux beat Paris St Germain 3-1 while AS Monaco beat Auxerre 2-0 .	Barcelona begin the defense of their Spanish title with a 3-0 win at Racing Santander Jose Mourinho 's Real Madrid are held to a 0-0 draw with Real Mallorca AC Milan thump Lecce 4-0 as the Italian league season gets underway Bayer Leverkusen are thrashed 6-3 by Borussia Monchengladbach in the Bundesliga
CNN  -- A lot of people do n't pay close attention to midterm elections . They are not as exciting as the presidential campaigns , and most Americans are just not interested in the ups and downs of individual members of Congress . But the last midterm that a president faces matter very much . President Obama knows more than anyone that he has much at stake in the midterm elections . If Republicans are able to regain control of the Senate while retaining their majority in the House in November , they will have two years to inflict significant damage on the administration 's agenda and set the terms of debate for the 2016 election . Republicans have already been remarkably successful at using their standing in Congress to cause problems for President Obama . Even though Democrats have controlled the Senate , House Republicans have stood as an impenetrable barrier against almost any substantial legislation and used the lower chamber as a platform to keep public attention focused on deficit reduction . If they can grab hold of the Senate as well , their power will vastly increase . Lame-duck presidents have repeatedly seen the ways in which an opposition Congress can be used as a battering ram against the White House . During the late 1950s , the enormously popular Dwight Eisenhower learned this the hard way . In the 1958 midterm elections , Democrats , who already controlled Congress , vastly increased the size of their majorities in both chambers . Most importantly , the number of Northern liberals grew to counteract the power of Southern conservative Democrats . Liberals used the next two years to put forward a huge array of proposals -- ranging from medical care for the elderly to civil rights -- that liberalized the political conversation . President Eisenhower , who was focused on balancing the budget and cutting federal spending , had little success holding back this idealistic bunch . Although they did n't have much legislative success before John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson arrived in the White House , congressional Democrats were able to set the agenda for the next decade , with many of their ideas culminating in the Great Society . One of the most influential presidents of the 20th century , Ronald Reagan , learned about his diminishing clout after the 1986 midterm elections , when Democrats retook control of the Senate  which they had lost in the 1980 election  and retained control of the House . Between 1987 and 1989 , Democrats used their power in Congress to finally hit back against the conservative revolution . With powerful Speaker James Wright at the helm in the House , Democrats obtained a budget deal that increased taxes and preserved most key domestic spending . They also expanded Medicare and built pressure for clean air initiatives . On foreign policy , they launched a devastating investigation into the Iran-Contra scandal that severely damaged President Reagan 's reputation , while working on a peace plan for Nicaragua , a country that had been a focus of Reagan 's anti-Communist efforts . If anyone survived the lame-duck blues it was President Bill Clinton . In the 1998 midterm elections , Republicans defied historical trends and suffered losses in the House . Undeterred , they managed to impeach Clinton on December 19 , 1998 . In the months that followed , Clinton was able to avoid conviction because the Senate refused to move forward with the decision of their counterparts . Over the next couple of years , Republicans suffered as much as Clinton , as there was a backlash against what they had done . Clinton watched his approval ratings soar while the booming economy continued to lift the president 's spirits . Nonetheless , Republicans still had considerable clout through their congressional base . They continued to keep the public agenda focused on deficit reduction and spending cuts and offered almost no space for Clinton to pursue any major domestic initiatives . Clinton 's presidency -- even with his popularity and a booming economy -- sputtered in its final moments with Republicans making sure that no policy-making opportunities emerged at the end for him to build his legacy . Nobody understood how that lame duck period could really hurt like President George W. Bush . At the height of power after his 2004 defeat of John Kerry , Bush struggled after Democrats regained control of Congress in 2006 . Democrats used the next two years to get their bills through Congress , including an economic stimulus package , ethics reform , a higher minimum wage and energy legislation that raised fuel efficiency standards . They also mounted enormous pressure on the administration to change course in Iraq -- which the President did with the announcement of the surge in 2007 -- and blocked any hope that existed for him to pursue spending cuts . The midterms this November will matter a great deal . If Republicans win control of the Senate , President Obama will be in for some tough times . Some Democrats have complained that the White House has not been doing enough to provide assistance in the midterms . If that accusation is true , the White House might want to rethink its strategy given the important two years that lay ahead .	Julian Zelizer : The last midterm election that a president faces matters very much Zelizer : If GOP gains control of Senate and retains control of House , its power increases He says President Obama might turn into a lame-duck president with little clout Zelizer : If Democrats lose the Senate in November , Obama will accomplish little
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNET  -- Sony , Microsoft , and Nintendo , look out . Your traditional video game console business model may be in danger . Popular video games like the "  Grand Theft Auto " series may soon be available on a new system . It 's too early to tell how much danger , of course , but a start-up called OnLive announced a brand-new game distribution system Monday night that , if it works as planned , could change the games game forever . OnLive , which was started by WebTV founder Steve Perlman and former Eidos CEO Mike McGarvey , is aiming to launch a system -- seven years in the works -- that will digitally distribute first-run , AAA games from publishers like Electronic Arts , Take-Two , Ubisoft , Atari , and others , all at the same time as those titles are released into retail channels . The system is designed to allow players to stream on-demand games at the highest quality onto any Intel-based Mac or PC running XP or Vista , regardless of how powerful the computer . The system will also stream games directly to a TV via a small plug-in device , and players can use a custom wireless controller as well as VoIP headsets in conjunction with it . Based here in San Francisco , OnLive timed its formal unveiling to this week 's Game Developers Conference , where it will be showcasing the technology and 16 initial games it will launch with . The service is currently in a closed beta , but is expected to go into a public beta this summer , and to launch this winter . According to Perlman , OnLive 's technology will make it possible to stream the games in such a manner -- high quality , no matter what kind of system the user has -- by virtue of a series of patented and patent-pending compression technologies . And instead of requiring users to download the games , OnLive will host them all and stream them from a series of the highest-end servers . Users will have only to download a 1MB plug-in to get the service up and running . OnLive is hoping to capture a significant portion of the video game market share . In February , the industry posted one of its strongest months ever , with total sales of $ 1.47 billion , up 10 percent from a year ago . And in February , the Xbox , PS3 and Wii accounted for total sales of 1.42 million units . An intended benefit of this infrastructure , Perlman and McGarvey explained , is that users will be able to play streamed games via OnLive with no lag , so long as their Internet connections meet minimum thresholds . For standard-definition play , that would mean a minimum 1.5 Mbps connection , and for high-def , 5 Mbps . That 's obviously an essential feature , as it 's hard to imagine anyone paying for a service like OnLive , no matter what games are on offer , if the user experience is inadequate . But the company promises that as long as users have the requisite minimum hardware , operating systems , and Internet connections , they should be able to have seamless play . The upshot of this infrastructure model , Perlman said , is that OnLive is somewhat future-proof , meaning that players wo n't have to upgrade anything to keep on playing games on the system years into the future . Instead , the upgrades will happen on the back-end , with the company regularly boosting the power of the servers it uses to host and stream the games . And while demos always have to be taken with a grain of salt , CNET News did see a real-time presentation of OnLive on at least two different computers and on a HD TV . Game play was as smooth and lag-free as advertised So far , OnLive has yet to make its business model public , but what seems likely is some form of subscription service , where players will pay a monthly access fee and then pay additional costs , depending on whether they want to play games once , or buy them for permanent play . The company also said that it will probably offer free trials of some or all of the games it offers , allowing consumers to decide whether they want to buy . OnLive recognizes that some players may use those trials as a way of deciding whether to buy such games from traditional retail stores , but Perlman and McGarvey suggested that as long as people are interacting with the OnLive system , they 'll be happy . It 's clear that OnLive is modeling its system at least somewhat after Microsoft 's hit Xbox Live service . So fans of multiplayer games wo n't be on their own . Rather , they 'll have full access to multiplayer features of games built for them . And another interesting social feature is one that will allow users to digitally watch others play games in real time . The company thinks that users will find it exciting to watch the best players in action , even if they themselves are only kibitzing . Perlman said that the concept of spectating in online game systems is , in and of itself , not new , but that OnLive presents the first time players will be able to look in on what others are playing without owning the games themselves . Another social feature in the Xbox Live mold is what are called "  brag clips . " These are essentially 15-second replays of game action that players can share with friends if they want to show off their prowess . This is possible , Perlman said , because OnLive is continually recording the last 15 seconds of action . All told , McGarvey said , OnLive offers a full suite of standard social features including friends , clans , rankings , leader boards , tournaments and more . From the outset , OnLive is n't partnering with any of the first-party publishers -- Microsoft , Sony , and Nintendo , meaning that franchises like "  Halo " or "  Zelda " wo n't be available . And that makes sense , since those companies are hardly likely to want to sign up with a company whose very technology may obviate their longstanding business models . That means , Perlman and McGarvey acknowledged , that many players who sign up for OnLive 's service will still maintain their consoles , and continue to buy games for them . At least for the rest of the current generation of machines , they said . But come the next generation , all bets are off , they said . And for the nine -- to date -- third-party publishers who have committed to being involved , McGarvey said , OnLive presents a much more efficient and profitable distribution model than the standard retail structure . That 's because the system is all digital , cutting down on physical distribution costs , and because it is designed to eradicate piracy and second-hand sales , both of which are banes of the publishers ' existence . Indeed , McGarvey said that OnLive has gotten strong commitments of titles from the nine publishers . That means , added Perlman , that the planned launch this winter could be accompanied by the most titles of any new gaming system launch in history . In addition , McGarvey said publishers are eager for the kind of raw data that OnLive can provide about players ' usage of the games , including whether they like or dislike games , how much they play , how they play and so on . That data is hard for publishers to collect with traditional consoles , he argued . Clearly , OnLive has set an ambitious goal : dethroning the console makers as the game industry 's kings . And as is always the case with brand-new and publicly unavailable technology , it is far too early to know whether the company or the service can live up to that goal . But if its demo is any indication , OnLive is definitely onto something , and given that the company has been in stealth mode for so many years , it 's possible that the console makers will be caught off guard . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	A start-up called OnLive announced a new video game distribution system System will digitally distribute first-run games from major publishers like EA Games will be streamed to TVs at the same time they hit stores Service expected to go into a public beta this summer , and to launch this winter
CNN  -- Three major U.S. airlines on Saturday confirmed that pilots were complying with Chinese government demands that it be notified of plans to traverse the newly declared air defense zone over the East China Sea . The demands from Beijing have resulted in tensions with Japan and the United States . On Saturday , United , American and Delta airlines told CNN that its pilots were following Washington 's advice and complying with Beijing 's "  air defense identification zone . " A senior official in U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration said Friday that commercial airlines are being told to abide by Beijing 's instruction , even if the U.S. government does n't recognize it . "  We ... are advising for safety reasons that they comply with notices to airmen , which FAA always advises , " the official said . Japan resists Chinese demand Two major Japanese airlines have refused to comply with China 's declaration . The Japanese government said Saturday it has asked the International Civil Aviation Organization to address China 's designation of the new defense zone , the Kyodo News Agency reported . The Japanese Foreign Ministry said the government 's proposal at an ICAO meeting Friday in Canada called the Chinese zone a threat to aviation safety , Kyodo reported . Kyodo said Australia , Britain and the United States supported the proposal , with China opposed . Fears of unintended consequences The latest U.S. advice to comply with the defense zone requirements reflects fears that the back-and-forth between the two sides could have unintended consequences involving not just opposing troops , but innocent civilians as well . It 's a subtle change from two days earlier , when the State Department said "  the U.S. government generally expects that U.S. carriers operating internationally " comply with other countries ' mandates , rather than directing them to . OPINION : China 's balance between sovereignty and stability Last Saturday , China announced the creation of the zone over several islands it and Japan have both claimed . The two countries have been sharply at odds over those isles , which are believed to be near large reserves of natural resources . Tokyo rejected the new zone , as well as Beijing 's insistence that aircraft entering it identify themselves and file flight plans . They were joined by South Korea and Washington , with Secretary of State John Kerry saying the move would "  only increase tensions in the region and create risks of an incident . " Since then , there 's been no backing down . On Friday morning , for instance , China scrambled fighter jets after U.S. and Japanese military aircraft entered its disputed air defense zone , according to a Chinese military official . U.S. military flights ` not changing ' Col. Shen Jinke , a Chinese air force spokesman , said in Beijing that the two U.S. and 10 Japanese aircraft were targets of monitoring in the zone . He said the Chinese air force and navy were identifying and monitoring all foreign warplanes in the zone . A U.S. military official told CNN that at least one U.S. unarmed military aircraft and several Japanese military aircraft flew through the zone Friday without incident . The official said the U.S. flight was part of scheduled routine operations . "  This is status quo , " the official said . "  We are not changing what we are doing . We are not trying to make a point with China . We fly U.S. aircraft daily in international airspace in the region . This is normal . " The official said the aircraft were not B-52s , though the United States did fly two of those type of planes through the zone Monday as part of what the Pentagon described as a preplanned military exercise . South Korea said its military sent a plane on a routine patrol flight into the zone on Tuesday without alerting China . A South Korean Defense Ministry official said such flights are carried out twice a week and would continue despite China 's declaration . Can China keep up the monitoring ? U.S. officials said they did not know how China would be able to monitor the flight zone , given its lack of midair refueling capability and limitations of its early warning radar aircraft . "  It is indeed the right of every country to defend its airspace , and also to make sure that its territorial integrity , its sovereignty , are safeguarded , " Liu Jieyi , China 's ambassador to the United Nations , told reporters Tuesday . "  This is a normal arrangement . " Why China 's new air defense zone has incensed neighbors On Wednesday , U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy offered a different view : "  Unilateral actions like those taken by China , with their announcement of an East China Sea air defense identification zone , undermine security and constitute an attempt to change the status quo in the East China Sea , " she told reporters in Tokyo . "  This only serves to increase tensions in the region . " Japan and China have a lot at stake in maintaining their delicate relationship : Last year , trade between the two countries totaled more than $ 333 billion , according to the Japan External Trade Organization . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , David Simpson and Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	Administration had advised airlines to comply with Beijing demand Japan resists Chinese defense zone , asks international aviation agency for help Chinese zone extends over islands also claimed by Japan Military flights continue without incident
Editor 's note : Maura O'Connell , a native of County Clare , Ireland , records for Sugar Hill Records . Her current album is "  Naked With Friends . " Singer Maura O'Connell says one of Ted Kennedy 's favorite songs , "  A Family Tie , " spoke to his love of family . CNN  -- In 1992 , I had the pleasure of singing at the wedding of Sen. Edward Kennedy to Victoria Reggie . I had never met him , nor was I aware that he had even heard of me . To say I was surprised would be an understatement . He made the call himself to my home number . My housemate hung up on him , believing it was a hoax , but he eventually left a number for me to contact . When we spoke the next day , he told me how much he enjoyed my singing and named particular songs that meant a great deal to him . One of those songs is "  A Family Tie " by Hugh Prestwood , which speaks to the idea of unconditional love within a family . I can only assume that it had particular resonance for him . We discussed the song and many others that were favorites of his and , of course , I agreed to sing at the wedding . We spoke a few more times before the wedding and he sounded like any other man who was delighted to be marrying the woman he loved . I was thrilled to be involved . The Kennedys have been a huge part of the Irish psyche since I was a child . In many houses back then , there were pictures of the pope and John F. Kennedy . The fact that he was proudly Irish was a huge boost for our national ego at the time . My family had a very special photograph that was on top of our piano all my life . It was a picture of my father with Ted Kennedy that was taken in the early '60s at the Shannon Airport duty free store , where my father worked at the time . We were all very proud of that , so when I got the call about singing at the wedding , the first person I told was my dad . On the day of the wedding , my musicians Richard McLaurin and Zane Baxter and I were brought to Kennedy 's house and escorted to the senator 's home office . There were so many iconic pictures on the walls it was disconcerting . He made time to come and visit us and was about as genial a host as I have ever encountered . He talked about his bride-to-be in glorious terms , shared the story of his proposal to Vicki , and answered questions about the various pictures around the room . He was relaxed and happy . The wedding itself was beautiful . It was just very close family . There was a civil ceremony and then a blessing . I sang some songs during the ceremony , and then a few afterwards . He joined in here and there , but God bless him , he had n't a note in his head . He had requested that I sing the old standard "  You 'll Never Know " which I had recorded , and he and his bride danced , looking into each other 's eyes . He gave Vicki a painting of daffodils he had painted as a wedding gift . A few days later , a framed signed print of the painting was delivered to my home . What a thoughtful gesture . Ever since then we kept in contact . They came to see me play at the Birchmere , a music hall in Alexandria , Virginia , a few times . I sang at various events the senator was involved in , most recently at a fundraiser for his re-election . It was not a one-sided friendship though . A few years ago I accompanied my son to Washington to take part in a young leaders of America camp . I was a bit surprised when I found out there was to be no real interaction with any serving politician . On the day that we were to tour the major sites , I decided to call Kennedy 's office at the Russell Senate building . I explained to his wonderful assistant , Sharon Waxman , what I was doing in Washington and asked if the senator would mind waving at the hordes from his office window . She called me back about 10 minutes later to say the senator had cleared some time in the afternoon , and he would speak to the group in the little park opposite the building . He spoke to the kids about his first time in Washington and how his brother John , a senator at the time , showed him around . He told them how inspiring it was to see how government worked and that he knew right then that he wanted to be a public servant . He was playful , too , and told them lots of silly stories about his dog . Afterwards he agreed to be photographed with the group . I believe that many young people gathered there may have been inspired by his stories and may prove to be the next generation of humanistic Democrats . He loved his country . He loved to serve , but most of all he dearly loved his wife and family . I will miss him , too -- even his singing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maura O'Connell .	Maura O'Connell : Ted Kennedy asked me to sing at his wedding She says her family had admired the Kennedys from afar O'Connell says Kennedy was a joyful and gracious host
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Peru will turn over to Chilean authorities all evidence into allegations that a Peruvian air force officer was spying for the neighboring country , Peruvian President Alan Garcia said Monday . Garcia ordered his foreign minister and justice department to hand over all details of the investigation so Chile could "  give the corresponding explanations , " he said in a televised address . The alleged spying by Chile , Garcia declared , was the result of fear and an inferiority complex by the Chileans . He added that Peru will not let the incident become a full-blown crisis between the two nations . The suspect , Victor Ariza Mendoza , remained imprisoned at a maximum security facility north of Lima , authorities said . Two other Peruvian air force officers , accused of being collaborators , also were detained , as were two Chilean military officers who were alleged accomplices , CNN en Español reported . Mendoza could face charges of treason , which carry a minimum sentence of 25 years . News of the spy case caused Garcia to prematurely end a trip to Singapore for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation . Garcia and his Chilean counterpart , Michelle Bachelet , had planned to attend a workshop Saturday with other world leaders , but the Peruvian leader canceled his agenda to return to Lima . Chile has dismissed the espionage allegations . "  Chile has nothing to do with this case , " Chilean Foreign Minister Mariano Fernandez told reporters after a meeting with his nation 's ambassador to Peru . According to local media , the suspected spy once worked at the Peruvian Embassy in Chile and sold secrets to the Chileans since 2002 , CNN en Español reported . Chile and Peru have a history of animosity , having fought in the War of the Pacific from 1879 to 1883 . Hard feelings linger to this day . The two nations nearly came to war in 1975 , when left-wing Peruvian leader Juan Velasco , who was backed by Cuba , wanted to invade Chile , which was led by right-wing Gen. Augusto Pinochet . The invasion was called off , and Velasco was deposed in a coup a short while later . Tensions rose again when Peru discovered a Chilean spy mission , but war was averted . More recently , tensions between the two South American nations flared in December after the revelation that Peru 's top army general said at a party that Chileans in Peru would be sent back in coffins or body bags . Both countries said they would work to heal relations after the general 's comments . Journalist Gisu Guerra contributed to this report .	Peruvian president says Chile spied on neighbor because of inferiority complex Peruvian officials ordered to turn over evidence of espionage to Chile Spy suspect , Peruvian air force officer , remains in prison north of Lima Chile has dismissed allegations
CNN  Most climbers who try do n't succeed in summiting the 29,035-foot-high Mount Everest , the world 's tallest peak . But they do leave their trash . Thousands of pounds of it . That 's why an experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms  more than 8,000 pounds  of waste from the high-altitude camps , according to India Today . The mountain is part of the Himalaya mountain range on the border between Nepal and the Tibet region . The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-May . The upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest . "  Sadly , Mount Everest is now ... called the world 's highest junkyard , " Maj. Ranveer Singh Jamval , the team leader , told India Today . "  We will target the mountaineering waste from Camp 1  19,695 feet  to the summit , " said Jamval , who has scaled Mount Everest twice . "  There are old cylinders , tents , tins , packets , equipment and other mountaineering waste . Apart from our own haversacks weighing 10 kg each , we intend to bring in another 10 kg each on the trip . " More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak , part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site . The Indian expedition is n't the first attempt to clean up the trash left by generations of hikers . Among the cleanup efforts is the Eco Everest Expedition , an annual trip launched in 2008 that is all about climbing "  in an eco-sensitive manner , " bringing old refuse , in addition to that generated during the trip , down for disposal , according to the Asian Trekking website . Last year , Nepalese tourism authorities started to require hikers to carry out an extra 18 pounds of garbage , in addition to their own trash and human waste , according to the New York Times .	Generations of Everest climbers have left tons of trash The Indian army plans to remove at least 4,000 kilograms from the peak
CNN  -- A Delaware pediatrician pleaded not guilty Wednesday to 471 felony counts in the alleged child abuse of his patients , according to a spokeswoman for the state Department of Justice . Dr. Earl Bradley , 56 , was arrested in December on charges that include rape , sexual exploitation of a child , endangering child welfare and assault . Bradley , who had a practice in Lewes , Delaware , is accused of victimizing 103 children -- all girls except for one boy . Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden has said the charges are based on "  video and digital evidence " seized from Bradley 's home and medical practice in December . Bradley also has medical licenses in Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Florida . Authorities have said they have contacted officials in those states . The next step in the proceedings is a case review May 17 , according to Kerry Angell , a spokeswoman for the Delaware Department of Justice .	Dr. Earl Bradley faces 471 felony counts , a state justice department spokeswoman said Bradley , 56 , is accused of victimizing 103 children Delaware AG said charges are based on seized "  video and digital evidence "
New York  CNN  -- City Council Speaker Christine Quinn -- one of the candidates leading New York City 's hotly contested mayoral race -- won a major victory over outgoing Mayor Michael Bloomberg with the council 's override on a mayoral veto of a Quinn bill establishing an inspector general for the NYPD . This decision Thursday comes near the end of a summer in which allegations of racial profiling and racial tensions have been an undercurrent in cases and controversies across the county including in New York , where stop-and-frisk policies by police triggered intense political debate and a court case . NYPD tactics and policies have pitted some big names against each other , mainly Bloomberg vs. Quinn , and have been a leading issue in the mayoral primary coming up on September 10 . Originally introduced by the New York City Council in June , the bill that Quinn co-authored adds an inspector general who will have the power to investigate , review , and make recommendations regarding NYPD operations , policies and programs . A complaint bureau will also be added that allows the public to report any issues or deficiencies relating to the NYPD . Bloomberg vetoed that bill and another one dealing with racial profiling in July , claiming that current police practices -- including stop-and-frisk -- have contributed to a decreased crime rate in recent years . In a statement released after Thursday 's vote overriding his veto , Bloomberg declared that the two measures will make it harder for police officers to do their job and could actually make crime worse in minority neighborhoods , where crime rates are already high . After the veto override , Quinn said , "  Today 's vote is an historic step in the right direction to bring much needed reform to the city 's stop-and-frisk program and begin building greater bridges between our police department and communities of color . " City Council members also knocked down Bloomberg 's veto of the other bill , which would prohibit biased-based profiling , and provide a pathway for those who feel they have been wronged to seek legal redress . Quinn voted against the passage of that measure Thursday , reportedly because of concerns over one provision in the bill . The NYPD 's stop-and-frisk policy was targeting in a federal class-action lawsuit , and earlier this month U.S. District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin ruled that changes must be made to the policy because it unlawfully targets blacks and Hispanics . Scheindlin found that the police department 's policy violated plaintiffs ' Fourth Amendment rights barring unreasonable searches , based on statistics showing police made at least 200,000 stops from 2004 to June 2012 without reasonable suspicion . She also found evidence of racial profiling , violating plaintiffs ' 14th Amendment rights guaranteeing equal protection . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly called Scheindlin 's finding of racial profiling "  disturbing and offensive . " "  We do not engage in racial profiling . It is prohibited by law , " Kelly said earlier this month . "  We train our officers that they need reasonable suspicion to make a stop , and I can assure you that race is never a reason to conduct a stop . " In his statement Thursday after his vetoes were trumped , Bloomberg said , "  Our Administration has zero tolerance for racial profiling .  The anti-profiling measure in the council  is not aimed at stopping racial profiling , which is already against the law . It 's aimed at winning votes . It is a dangerous piece of legislation and we will ask the courts to step in before innocent people are harmed . " The changes in the two measures are set to take effect on January 1 . CNN 's Chris Kokenes , Chelsea J. Carter , and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Christine Quinn is speaker of the NYC City Council , also a mayoral candidate She co-authored a bill to add an inspector general to the NYPD Amid NYC 's stop-and-frisk controversy , the bill passed but Mayor Bloomberg vetoed Quinn and other City Council member overrode that veto Thursday
CNN  -- That is my question today . Are you involved in your kid 's school ? If so , how much ? As a new mom in the district , I 'm being pitched pretty hard by the PTA . And as a chronic joiner/doer/over committer , I 'm intrigued . But I 'm also wary . Alex has been in school for a week now . On Monday I went to a breakfast put on by the PTA -- I mostly went just to check it out  and to avoid my deadline  but I wound up signing up for six or seven committees . Ack ! Many of these "  committees " are really just one event that you might help with -- a Mother 's Day plant sale , say -- so it 's not that crazy . Right ? Parenting.com : The sport I 'm not sure I 'd let my son play A form also came home in Alex 's kindergarten folder to sign up to be the class mom . I remember my mom being the class mom a lot and I loved the security it gave me to know she was so entrenched in the system . She knew the teachers , she knew the other moms , the kids , the school . She was also the CCD teacher , the Girl Scout leader , the carpool driver and pretty much everything else you 'd find under the overarching title of Kick-Ass Stay-At-Home-Mom . I do n't have the time or desire to be that much of a super mom  for now  , but I do want to be involved . And the PTA seems like a no-brainer , right ? That said , I worry about taking on more than I can handle . I 'm still feeling the after-effects of my all-encompassing  and beyond worth it  LLS campaign and have already signed up to be a big part of that event again this year .  I 'm posting this blog from a café in NYC where I 'm spending the day at LLS meetings among other things  . My work with the organization is hugely important to me . As is my writing career . And my  limited  free time . Parenting.com : Confessions of an inner-city school teacher I try not to do anything half assed but I also have a tendency to not say no enough . At all . And so I over commit and then I feel overwhelmed and I hate to feel overwhelmed . Or do I love it ? I can never quite tell . Sometimes I think I 'm only good at any one thing when I 'm doing 12 things . But back to the PTA . Are you involved in yours ? What 's your experience been like ? Is it anything like you see in the movies with cliques and mean-girl behavior ? Are there the Claire Dunphys ? Parenting.com : Healthy toddler lunch ideas Bottom line is this : One of the main reasons I left the full-time , editor-at-a-magazine  with benefits and health insurance  world years ago is so that I would be able to have an active role in my kids ' day-to-day lives . And , ultimately , their schooling . So I figure I better get started now . A new friend at the bus stop gave me good advice , which was to sign up for the PTA activities that get you face time with your kid -- working an event that the kindergarteners will attend , for example , as opposed to something for the older students . Kids get a kick out of seeing their parents at school , right ? And also to do things that get you face time with the teacher -- staff appreciation , for example -- because , well , that one is self explanatory , especially given my worries about Alex 's pain in the ass-ness . Parenting.com : 15 unbelievable birth stories I signed up for several different committees  including something having to do with gardening and one about recycling , which are both in my wheelhouse  and I figure I 'll dabble for a bit , get to see what it 's all about and then go from there . It 's only week one of about 18 years of schooling so I have time . Are you involved in the PTA ? When did you get involved and what 's your experience been like ? Would love to hear your thoughts and any advice ! Please share your experience in the comments section below . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Parents who over commit may be tempted to join too many PTA committees Some crave an active role in their kids ' lives but soon get overwhelmed One solution is to sign up for PTA activities that allow you to interact with your child
FIFA will give greater prominence to the human rights record of countries bidding to host future World Cups , a senior official told the European Parliament Thursday . Theo Zwanziger , an executive committee member of football 's world governing body , was giving evidence on the welfare conditions of migrant workers involved in construction projects for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar . "  The Qatar authorities realize they can not continue with business as usual , " he told the human rights panel of the parliament in Brussels . "  The country needs to think in general about the welfare of workers , " he said . "  Everyone should do something to improve the appalling situation , not just FIFA , " he added . On Tuesday , World Cup organizers in Dubai , who had been set a deadline by FIFA , unveiled an updated ` workers ' charter ' -- which pledged to address concerns over wages and accommodation for overseas workers and pledged regular inspections of construction sites . Critics claimed it did not go far enough , but FIFA told CNN Thursday that it was an important first step . "  We welcome the concrete steps taken which were announced by the Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy to ensure the welfare of workers for the 2022 FIFA World Cup , " said a spokesperson . "  FIFA is pleased with the commitment of the local organizers to use the hosting of the FIFA World Cup to accelerate adequate uniform working standards in Qatar , " it added . In his evidence to the parliament , Zwanziger also acknowledged that with the global spotlight falling on the Gulf state there was "  a risk and a chance ... it can help improve the human rights situation . " But Zwanziger conceded that when the decision was made to award Qatar the 2022 competition its record on human rights had not sufficiently been taken into account . "  We need to rethink this and give human rights a much higher status , " he said . Other speakers addressing the parliament highlighted Qatar 's kafala system -- which allows employers to withhold pay and prevent overseas workers from leaving the country by withholding their passport . Sharan Burrow , head of the International Trade Union Confederation wanted kafala to be ended immediately . "  Qatar is a slave state for 1.4 million migrant workers , " she said . "  Workers live in squalor , and are forced to work under extreme conditions , in extraordinary heat ; they do n't have enough drinking water . They do n't have a normal weekend , are kept apart from other workers , and there 's no proper health care . " Zahir Belounis , the French-Algerian footballer , who was unable to leave Qatar for several months last year after a contractual wrangle with his club , also gave an emotional testimony before the parliament about his experiences . Last November , European MEPs passed a resolution which called on the "  Qatari authorities to stop detaining individuals for ` running away ' from their employers , " and demanded "  working conditions that are in line with international human rights standards . " It followed a hard-hitting report from Amnesty International on conditions for migrant construction workers , who are involved in the estimated $ 200B infrastructure projects associated with the World Cup . FIFA president Sepp Blatter responded to the report by saying the situation was "  unacceptable " before giving Zwanziger responsibility for heading up an investigation .	FIFA : Human rights situation in Qatar ` appalling ' World Cup 2022 can improve the situation world governing body claims Human rights to be given greater prominence in future choice of hosts Qatar organizers announced ` Workers ' Charter ' earlier this week
North and South Korean artillery batteries exchanged hundreds of shells across their western sea border Monday , a day after North Korea warned it was preparing to test another nuclear device . About 100 of the 500 shells North Korea fired into the Yellow Sea strayed across the line separating the two rivals ' territorial waters , the semiofficial South Korean news agency Yonhap reported . Yonhap quoted the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff as saying the South responded by firing about 300 shells into North Korean waters and dispatching fighter jets to the boundary , known as the Northern Limit Line . North Korean offshore firing appeared to have resumed after a lull , Yonhap reported , citing a resident of Baekryong Island , which is close to the Northern Limit Line . "  Some  North Korean  artillery fire landed in  the  southern part of Northern Limit Line but in the water , " a South Korean Ministry of Defense spokesman said . "  We counter-fired over the Northern Limit Line . " When asked what South Korea fired back at , the defense spokesman said , "  We are not shooting at North Korea , just shooting into the sea . " The United States , South Korea 's leading ally , condemned the North Korean shelling from the White House and the Pentagon . Washington is working "  in close coordination " with South Korea and Japan , White House spokesman Jay Carney said , calling on North Korea "  to refrain from actions that threaten regional peace and security . " And Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters at the Pentagon , "  The provocation that the North Koreans have , once again , engaged in is dangerous , and it needs to stop . " China , the North 's main patron , also expressed concern . "  The temperature is rising at present on the Korean Peninsula , and this worries us , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told reporters in Beijing . "  We hope that all sides can remain calm and exercise restraint . " Warning fax The normally reclusive North took the unusual step of informing its neighbor of live-fire drills close in the heavily militarized western sea . Pyongyang sent a fax early Monday demanding that the South "  control " its vessels in seven areas of the waterway near the Northern Limit Line . According to Wee Yong-Sub , a vice spokesman for the South Korean Defense Ministry , the scheduled tests mark the first time -- in recent history , at least -- that the North has announced live-firing exercises above the maritime border . "  We consider such announcement as a hostile threat and so have activated crisis management operation in case of  military  provocation , " he said . "  We stress that we are fully prepared for all situations . " Victor Cha , a leading Korea analyst , told CNN that the North may be "  posturing " for attention in hopes bringing Washington back to talks over its nuclear program -- or moving while the United States distracted by other global events . "  They could be learning from Crimea that while the United States is distracted , the North Koreans can try to change the playing field and maybe slant it in their direction by pushing it back to talks while the United States is focused on other issues , " Cha said . The two Koreans never signed a peace agreement after the 1950-53 war that also pitted the United States and China against each other . Cha called it a "  clearly a good thing " that Pyongyang notified the South of its military exercise . But if Northern gunners ended up killing someone across the border , "  then we 're in a pretty bad situation . " "  They are on a hair trigger , and because of the array of forces on the peninsula , you can get an action-reaction dynamic that escalates fairly quickly , " he said . "  That 's something we want to avoid , of course . " Nuclear tests North Korea said Sunday that it "  would not rule out " a new nuclear test as it defended its recent mid-range missile launch that triggered international condemnation . "  We  would not rule out a new form of a nuclear test aimed at strengthening our nuclear deterrence , " Pyongyang 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement carried by the state-run KCNA news agency . "  The U.S. had better ponder over this and stop acting rashly . " The statement did not specify what North Korea meant by a "  new form " of test , and Wee said there are no immediate signs of nuclear tests being carried out by the North . Last week , Pyongyang launched two medium-range ballistic missiles into the sea off its east coast , violating United Nations resolutions that prohibit Pyongyang from conducting such tests . The Security Council condemned the move and is considering an "  appropriate response , " said Luxembourg Ambassador Sylvie Lucas , the council 's current president . The military exercises are the latest provocation by the North and come after a maritime dispute last week was seemingly swiftly resolved . On Thursday , a North Korean fishing boat was seized after an alleged incursion into South Korean waters and returned with its three crew members the following day . And while North Korea often upsets its neighbors by firing various rockets and missiles into the waters surrounding the Korean Peninsula , the country has at times engaged in more deadly military actions . A multinational 2010 report indicated that the sinking of the South Korean navy warship Cheonan , which killed 46 sailors in the Yellow Sea , was the result of a a North Korean torpedo . Later that year , North Korean artillery attacks on Yeonpyeong Island in the Yellow Sea killed two South Korean marines in what Yonhap called "  the first direct artillery attack on South Korean territory since the Korean War ended in an armistice " in 1953 . Report : Koreas exchange fire during North 's military exercises Pyongyang slams South Korea President over nuclear remarks Unmanned drone crashes on South Korean border island	Hagel says North Korea "  needs to stop " provocative moves North 's announcement of exercises was a good step , but still dangerous , expert says North and South Korea exchange hundreds of shells across their western sea border North warned South it would conduct military exercises off the country 's western coast
CNN  -- New Zealanders Danica and Paul Weeks are no strangers to disaster . The couple 's eldest son , Lincoln , was born in the midst of an earthquake in Christchurch in 2010 . Just over three years later , in December 2013 , they were in a car accident after moving to Australia . So when Paul left for a mining job in Mongolia earlier this month , the couple took precautions , Danica says . Paul could n't wear his wedding ring on the mine site so he left it , and his watch , at home with instructions to pass them on to his two sons , "  should anything happen " to him . On his way to Mongolia , Paul traveled on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . As she speaks to CNN 's Piers Morgan on Thursday , Danica grips her husband 's wedding ring while fighting back tears . It 's been five days since MH370 vanished , but with little information about the plane 's whereabouts the wait feels like an eternity . "  That 's the toughest part every day -- waking up and looking on the news and seeing that there 's nothing ; and there are no calls from Malaysia to say ` we 've found something , ' " Weeks says . "  He was the most amazing husband and the most amazing father . He spent so much time with his kids , " she says . Approximately 5,000 miles away , at a hotel near the Beijing Capital International Airport , Hu Xianquan waits anxiously for news of her husband , Mao Tugui . The couple last spoke on March 2 when Mao , a painter , was about to board a flight to Malaysia to attend an exhibition of his work . For Hu , like many families of those on board Flight 370 , grief is quickly turning to frustration . There has been no word of her husband for days and confusing reports about the search and rescue mission are only making the wait more agonizing . "  No one really updates us , " she says . Questions and answers While many Chinese relatives of passengers on board Flight 370 began traveling to Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday , Hu and her daughter decided to stay in Beijing , concerned that the language barrier would only make it more difficult to understand what was happening . Malaysia Airlines offered to transfer Chinese and Indian relatives of missing passengers to Kuala Lumpur for "  better care and comfort , " but some have declined . "  I do n't see the point in going to Kuala Lumpur and seeing the same information , " K. S. Narendran tells CNN from India . His wife Chandrika Sharma was on the flight . "  It 's better to stay in Chennai where I 'm surrounded by family and friends . " Sharma , the executive secretary of the International Collective in Support of Fishworkers , had been on her way to Mongolia for a conference of the UN 's Food and Agriculture Organization . Her husband says he 's received little direct assistance or information from authorities about the search operation and relies on press conferences and news reports , but "  that has thus far amounted to nothing . " See more of our coverage on missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak has appealed to relatives to be patient . "  The families involved have to understand that this is something unexpected . The families must understand more efforts have been made with all our capabilities , " he said Wednesday . More than half the passengers on board Flight 370 were Chinese . Martial arts expert and stunt man Ju Kun was among them . The 35-year-old , whose film credits include "  The Grandmaster " and "  The Forbidden Kingdom , " was set to begin filming a new Netflix series "  Marco Polo " in the coming weeks . Netflix and its production partner The Weinstein Company said in a statement that they were deeply saddened by the news . "  Ju Kun , who was on board , was an integral part of our production team and a tremendous talent . Our thoughts and prayers are with his family at this difficult time , " the statement said . Chinese actress Zhang Ziyi posted a tribute to Ju on her Weibo account : "  He is a sincere , kind and hardworking man . " Like many of those on board Flight 370 , Ju 's social media account has been flooded with comments from strangers , many praying for his safe return . Around the world , communities have gathered to pray for the missing and offer comfort to their loved ones . On Monday , Malaysians sang songs and lit paper lanterns at a candlelight vigil in Kuala Lumpur . Crowdsourcing the search In nearby Petaling Jaya , members of the St. Francis Xavier Church have been holding special prayer sessions for Patrick Francis Gomes , an in-flight supervisor who was on board the flight . "  It 's still difficult for us to come to terms with what has happen . I can only say that my father is a quiet person but also can be a joker , " his daughter Nikki Gomes told CNN . "  He is very dedicated to his job and took his responsibilities very seriously as all crew members would . " Malaysia Airlines will retire flight codes MH370 and MH371 as a mark of respect to the passengers and crew , the company said in a statement Thursday . Many have turned to digital platforms to offer comforting words , and tribute sites have been created for the flight 's captain and crew . A Facebook profile thought to be that of Pouria Nour Mohammadi , an 18-year-old Iranian who used a stolen passport to board the plane , has scores of messages of support from strangers . "  I do n't know you but I pray that you are safe somewhere in this world , " writes one user . "  May you and the other passengers and crew on Malaysian flight 370 , be found safe and may your journey continue to find yourself safe in your mothers -LSB- sic -RSB- arms again . " Back in China , Huang Lu , a teacher at an elementary school in Guizhou province , waits for word of her friend , Huang Yi . The 30-year-old works for the technology firm Freescale in the company 's Tianjin office . She was on the plane with 19 other colleagues when it disappeared . The women have been friends since they were teenagers . "  She 's kind , lively and a good person to talk with , " Huang Lu said . The pair kept in touch online . Yi , who has a five-year old daughter named Yuanyuan , would often talk to Huang Lu about family and raising children . "  I 've been waiting , worried since I heard the news . I hope to see a miracle . Yi , please come back , Yuanyuan needs you , " she said . INTERACTIVE : What happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? Dayu Zhang and Serena Dong reported from Beijing ; Sophie Brown wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Anjali Tsui and Euan McKirdy contributed to this report .	Relatives of MH370 passengers are anxious to hear news of loved ones Martial arts star Ju Kun was among those on board the flight Tributes and messages of support are being shared online Communities hold vigils to pray for the missing
CNN  -- As Moore , Oklahoma , struggles to regain its footing under the public spotlight , journalists from CNN are among those sharing online images of the devastation of a deadly tornado , as well as the rescue and recovery efforts there . But they 're not alone . From rescue workers like the Red Cross to the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's office to the governor of the state , regular citizens are taking to social media to share , as well , helping paint the picture of a tragedy that has captivated and saddened a nation . How to help Here is our roundup of social media images and messages coming out of Moore -- both from our own staff and others . Let us know of any other social media accounts providing good information in the comments . . Mobile users unable to see the Storify , please click here .	CNN staff on the ground in Moore , Oklahoma , are posting social media updates Photos show devastation , signs of hope Red Cross , Gov. Mary Fallin among officials also posting social updates
CNN  -- "  The Wolf of Wall Street ? " Give me a break . If you 've been to the movies lately , you may have seen a trailer for a Martin Scorsese film with that name . It 's the title of the first book in a two-volume memoir by former stock swindler Jordan Belfort , upon whom the film is based . The trailer appears to portray Belfort as a player in a small part of lower Manhattan that 's become the world-famous icon of capitalism . It opens with dizzying shots of famous symbols such as the Wall Street sign and the bronze Charging Bull statue , a favorite photo backdrop for tourists . There 's a hilarious scene with Belfort , played by Leonardo DiCaprio , hamming it up with one of his early mentors , played by Matthew McConaughey , at a window table in a restaurant with fabulous city views . You think Wall Street big shots might go there . And if you have n't caught on yet , the camera moves to Belfort on his yacht , which happens to be bobbing in a harbor with the World Financial Center in the background . "  The Wolf of Wall Street " might turn out to be great entertainment , which is what Hollywood is for . And maybe Belfort really did dock his 167-foot yacht near the Financial Center at least once before it sank in a Mediterranean storm . But do n't fall for the scenery . As Nadine Belfort , his second wife , said during an argument portrayed in his memoir , "  My husband , the Wolf of Wall Street ! It 's almost too ridiculous for words . " For starters , almost all of Belfort 's lucrative criminal career took place in a less glamorous locale than those opening scenes . After seven months in his first job in the securities industry , pitching stocks over the telephone for a genuine Wall Street-based firm , Belfort left there after stocks crashed in 1987 and headed east . His intention , he says in the memoir , was to bring "  my own version of Wall Street out to Long Island instead . " The Expressway to his schemes To convey what Belfort 's professional life in this "  version of Wall Street " was really like , the film trailer should start with shots of Long Island Expressway traffic and segue to a scene in a Greek diner near Lake Success , Long Island , population about 3,000 , near the border with Queens . Belfort 's firm , Stratton Oakmont , was headquartered there . In his memoir , he says he had breakfast at the diner with another mentor three times a week . Employing hundreds of brokers , Belfort 's Long Island version of Wall Street was a huge , infamous example of a type of thievery known as a "  pump and dump " scheme . In the scheme 's first stage , Belfort and his partner , Daniel Porush , secretly got control of stock in small companies that Stratton took public . Then Stratton brokers , working banks of telephones , called individuals throughout the United States , using scripts that included wildly optimistic predictions about how high the stocks ' prices would go . When enough people had finally been fooled into buying the shares , the price really did rise as a result . Ignoring instructions from ordinary investors who wanted to sell , Belfort and other insiders cashed in at the peak , dumped all their stock into the market for a huge profit , and left the people they 'd duped holding nearly worthless stock . Trying to impress potential victims , brokers at Stratton and many other so-called "  boiler rooms " said they were calling from "  Wall Street . " In fact , their only real connection with Wall Street was that some of the stocks they sold were traded at exchanges there , and the boiler rooms ' "  clearing firms "  companies handling the mechanical details of stock trades  might be there . The tactic evidently worked . Altogether , individual investors , many of them retirees , were cheated out of about $ 250 million by Stratton Oakmont by the time regulators managed to close it in 1996 . There was a book in 1929 called "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " based on a B-movie by that name about a fellow who cornered the market in copper . That helps me believe someone really did call Belfort that at least once . But during more than a dozen years following Belfort 's story for Newsday , I never once heard him referred to as "  The Wolf . " Not by his friends , enemies or ex-employees , and certainly not by the legions of regulators trying to close him down . Joseph Borg , director of the Alabama Securities Commission , headed a long investigation of Stratton in the 1990s . He told me he had n't heard it either . He thinks Belfort invented the "  Wolf "  nickname himself . "  I have to give him credit , " Borg says . "  He 's not stupid . " Not ` Wolf , ' but something else ... A word I did often hear to refer to boiler-room operators was something farther down the food chain -- "  cockroach . " The brokers themselves used it . Belfort made it into a verb when he testified in the trial of Stratton 's accountant years after Stratton closed . After it became obvious that regulators were about to shut Stratton down , he , Porush and some advisers decided to "  close Stratton 's doors ... and cockroach , " he said . In his memoir , Belfort explains what he calls the "  Cockroach Theory , " saying it meant setting up satellite firms when regulators got close to a big boiler room , moving brokers there in batches and continuing to operate as before at the new location . For regulators , he wrote , closing a crooked brokerage suddenly became "  like stepping on a cockroach and squashing it , only to find 10 new ones scurrying in all directions . " It 's a real pity that the "  Wolf " movie trailer does n't give you some idea about who these victims were . Decidely middle class , unsophisticated investors , they included Dorothy and Louis Dequine , 88-year-old Florida residents . They lost $ 252,000 in 1994 after a Stratton broker replaced their holdings with worthless stocks without authorization . Claude Stemp , a Vietnam veteran , lost $ 62,000 in a 1996 Stratton swindle , and had to take out a second mortgage on his house to afford care for his ailing mother . When he saw the fictional movie "  Boiler Room " a few years later , Stemp said , "  I just about cried . " Many of the swindled await their money Despite Belfort 's lucrative movie and book deals , and earnings from a new career as a motivational speaker , many of these victims are still waiting for restitution . When Belfort was sentenced in 2003 to four years in prison , Judge John Gleeson ordered him to pay about $ 110.4 million to a victims fund , in installments equal to 50 % of his monthly gross income , after his release from jail . If any major changes in his financial circumstances took place , the percentage Belfort had to pay could be adjusted up or down . After I asked for an update on the fund in early October , lawyers in the office of Loretta E. Lynch , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , replied that Belfort had only contributed about $ 11.6 million to the victims ' fund so far -- about one-tenth of the required total . In a court filing with many details about Belfort 's current income whited out , Lynch 's office asked Gleeson to find Belfort in default , saying that according to his tax returns and other available information , the payments he has been making are "  insufficient . " They said that in 2011 , for instance , Belfort paid $ 21,000 in restitution , although he made more than $ 1 million for the motion picture rights to his memoir , as well as more income from a motivational speaking corporation he half-owns . Belfort 's attorneys responded that he does n't deny he still owes money to victims , but that his position is his obligation to pay 50 % of his income to them ended when his term of "  supervised release " from prison expired in April 2009 . They said that for the past two years , he 's been trying to arrange a "  forbearance " agreement with the government to "  pay 100 % of the profits of the movie and the two books , " but that his offer has been turned down . "  Before you accuse me of anything , you should learn the facts , " Belfort said in an e-mail last week . "  I have been trying to settle this case forever and have been completely stonewalled . I can even show you the settlement offer from the government , on their letterhead , asking for only 50 % of my books , after I offered 100 % . " On Friday afternoon , the government asked to withdraw its pending motion to hold Belfort in default on his payments to victims . Oral argument in the case had been scheduled to begin Nov. 22 . In a court document , Beth Schwartz , Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , said the delay would give both sides "  an opportunity to explore a resolution " of certain issues , and that "  Mr. Belfort joins in this request . " The movie , originally scheduled for mid-November , is now set for release on Christmas Day . Meanwhile , the website for "  Jordan Belfort 's Wolf of Wall Street Sales Training , " his motivational speaking company , features a video of DiCaprio doing a bit of speaking himself . "  There is nothing quite like Jordan 's public speaking and his ability to train and empower young entrepreneurs , " DiCaprio says . "  Jordan stands as a shining example of the transformative qualities of ambition and hard work , and in that regard , he is a true motivator . " Enjoy the show . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan Harrigan .	Upcoming film stars Leonardo DiCaprio , playing Jordan Belfort as the "  Wolf of Wall Street " Susan Harrigan : The real "  wolf " was a stock scammer who defrauded innocent investors She says he has not fully paid restitution , but gained $ 1 million on movie rights to his book Harrigan : DiCaprio recorded a video endorsing Belfort 's motivational speaking
CNN  -- A quote often attributed to Leon Trotsky reads , "  You may not be interested in war , but war is interested in you . " Although Washington would like very much to ignore North Korea , Pyongyang has just brought Trotsky 's axiom into the 21st century with a seminal cyberattack that will have an immediate economic and cultural impact . On Wednesday , the U.S. government reportedly concluded that North Korea was "  centrally involved " in the hacking of Sony Pictures . The attack is believed to have involved stealing and publicizing emails between high-level Sony executives and talent , as well as at least two government officials . When combined with a threat of violence against would-be viewers of a comedy mocking the North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un , Pyongyang 's hackers effected the cancellation of the movie 's release . More than just costing Sony as much as $ 100 million by some estimates , the cancellation and other fallout from the hack attack will likely end careers in Hollywood and Tokyo and put a chill on creative satires or other media aimed at dictatorships . A Hollywood that already increasingly toadied repressive governments like China 's may now be completely defanged . What happens in film also affects music , publishing and the news media . Using modest cybercapabilities and an American-Japanese target wholly lacking in moral courage , North Korea has aided itself and every other dictatorship on Earth mightily . Washington has developed a de facto policy of ignoring North Korea , especially after talks to disarm that nation failed during the Bush administration . In 2010 , after North Korea sank a South Korean Navy ship , President Barack Obama said Pyongyang must be "  held to account . " In 2013 , after North Korea 's third nuclear test , President Obama vowed "  swift and credible " action . But aside from the umpteenth condemnation by the U.N. Security Council -- to which North Korea is indifferent -- the world mostly goes back to ignoring Pyongyang after headlines change . But in this case , ignorance is n't bliss . This year alone , North Korea has fired shells toward South Korea , apparently engaged in illicit arms transfers with Cuba , and is suspected by America 's top general in South Korea of potentially having developed the skill to weaponize the nuclear devices it has been working on . Then , of course , came Pyongyang 's cyberattack on Sony , a remarkable feat in a country where Internet access is tightly controlled and there is no commercial software market to create a private supply of programmers . The state reportedly makes up for this by employing its own small army of hackers , who according to defectors train in Russia and China , and even operate from abroad . The free world should react . Responding to cyberattacks is a new area for statecraft , but ought to be seen in the same light as dealing with any other nonlethal attack on a nation 's economic or security interests . First , the United States and its allies should retaliate against their attackers in order to deter future attacks . The response should be similar to , but of a greater magnitude than the initial attack -- a common feature of deterrence . Second , the United States should maintain escalatory dominance , making clear that it is always willing and able to ascend to the next higher level of conflict if so forced . A direct cyber-retaliation against North Korea may pose challenges ; the nation is less networked and less reliant on intellectual property than free nations . But any modern communications system has vulnerabilities that can be exploited . Furthermore , North Korea 's two alleged primary cyberenablers , Russia and China , could be covertly targeted with electronic means for aiding an attack on the United States . For example , the United States could disrupt communications or even the electricity grid in Pyongyang and temporarily disrupt a small number of Chinese or Russian firms that depend on Web commerce . Taking steps like these may require transforming the young U.S. Cyber Command from an extra tool for U.S. military commanders in a regular war into an agency that fights more in peacetime . Sometimes the best defense is a good offense . In this way , cyberwar and deterrence could come to resemble espionage-related contests during the Cold War . One side responds to provocations with counterprovocations . An understanding and an unwritten code of conduct develops among adversaries . Short-term stability is generally achieved , pending further resolution that is hopefully peaceful and conducted at our initiative -- like the end of the Cold War . But with North Korea we should go further still , ceasing ever again to ignore the regime . Ultimately , improved cybersecurity will only come with the regime 's replacement . Freedom and accountable government work for Koreans , a fact that is obvious from the shining example of South Korea . Helping North Koreans replicate this by peacefully replacing the Kim dynasty ought to be the free world 's primary goal on the Korean Peninsula . Ironically , one of the best ways to achieve this change is with the type of cultural and electronic warfare North Korea has just waged against us . Supporting the free flow of information back into North Korea -- especially by defectors who can encourage and explain the truth to the repressed Koreans they left behind -- is a proven way of eroding tyrannical regimes . It will also put Pyongyang on the defensive at home -- fully aware that it is no longer being ignored .	Christian Whiton : Direct cyber-retaliation against North Korea poses challenges Whiton : Responding to cyberattacks is a new area for statecraft United States should maintain escalatory dominance , he says
CNN  -- Mention DR Congo , Sub-Saharan Africa 's largest country , and what comes to mind ? Probably conflict minerals , proxy wars , the rape capital of the world , or the trigger for the 19th century "  Scramble for Africa . " But beyond the despair , there is another country ; a country not like any other country in the world -- a country with rich ancient traditions , a colorful cultural energy and creativity , amazing potential and much , much more . Read this : Africa 's new skyscraper megacities Ask historians or archaeologists -- one of the earliest known mathematical objects , the Ishango bone , was not made in Ancient Greece , Mesopotamia or Renaissance Europe but around Congo 's Lake Edward around 18,000 BC . It is certainly difficult to picture this today : thirty-two years of dictatorship followed by wars , invasions and bad governance reduced Congo from being a potential economic powerhouse to one of the world 's poorest countries . But little by little , individuals and organizations in and outside Congo are creating glimmers of hope . The future of Congo still looks more exciting than its past and with a bit more push we can tilt the balance and awaken the world to a century , if not centuries , of "  Made in Africa . " Below are six reasons why saving the Congo is critical . Congo 's strategic position in the continent Congo 's unique geo-strategic position , more than its gold , diamonds and coltan reserves , makes it of interest to anyone with a keen eye for Africa 's future . Neighboring nine other countries at all four cardinal points , Congo sits right at the crossroads of African democratization and development , as well as the intersection of a series of real and potential security dilemmas . This means whatever happens in Congo could have an impact across the continent . And a stable and functioning Congo could trigger prosperity and development throughout Africa , and most critically , play a role in assuring security in the Horn of Africa and elsewhere in the continent . Helping to make famine in Africa history Congo 's vast , fertile agricultural land has tremendous potential to make it the breadbasket for the entire African continent . If Congo 's fertile land were used effectively it could lift millions out of extreme poverty in a continent where malnutrition and food insecurity are rife . But this potential has barely been tapped . In spite of climatic conditions favorable for farming and abundant water resources , only a small proportion of Congo 's arable land and pasture lands is under cultivation . Bad governance and decay of the transportation infrastructure -- in particular the road networks through which production could be distributed around the country -- continue to prove a challenge and the consequences have not been short of a disaster . The Global Hunger Index lists Congo as the world 's hungriest country in its 2009 , 2010 and 2011 reports , and UNICEF says Congo has the highest rate of malnutrition in Central and West Africa , affecting 43 % of children under five . Congo Rainforest The Congo Basin rainforest , one of the natural wonders of the world , is sometimes described as one of the Earth 's lungs -- the other being South America 's Amazon . Home to 10,000 species of plants  of which 3,000 are found nowhere else  , it features mesmerizing scenery , restless landscapes , waterfalls , a mosaic of savannahs , swamp forests and some of the most spectacular and endangered wildlife in the world . The forest plays a crucial role in regulating climate , both locally and globally , but recent industrial logging , resource extraction and proxy wars are threatening this fragile ecosystem . As things stand , there are 20 million hectares of logging titles in Congo -- an area the size of Ghana . For more than half of Congo 's population who rely on the forest for food , medicine , fresh water , shelter and customary tradition , this is humanitarian havoc in slow motion . For the global climate , it could be a catastrophe . Read more : Fight to save Africa 's rainforests Fishing and tourism If Congo could be known by a different name , that name , I think , should the country of lakes . Rich in aquatic biodiversity and holding more than half of Africa 's water reserves , including four of the continent 's great lakes , as well as Africa 's longest and deepest freshwater lake -- Lake Tanganika -- Congo 's lakes and rivers , if coupled with the needed infrastructure to fulfill its potential , could be a breadbasket for the region . With more than 700 species of fish recorded in the Congo Basin -- the world 's second-largest river basin -- the potential for commercial fishing in these lakes and rivers is great . However , the ripple of potential does not stop there ; tourism is another side of the coin . Congo 's lakes and rivers , along with its rolling lush hills and valleys , could potentially transform Congo into a huge tourist attraction , creating jobs and businesses for the region . Lighting up Africa , from Cape to Cairo Electricity is said to be the lifeblood of human society and economic development , but 550 million Africans have no access to electricity . They rely on wood , dung and crop waste for their daily energy needs -- and that costs lives . Burning dirty fuels in poorly ventilated homes causes 1.6 million people around the world to die prematurely each year . Yet , astonishingly , the Congo River has the potential to light up the entire African continent from Cape to Cairo , without further polluting the planet or worsening climate change . Wildlife Congo 's unspoiled wildlife diversity is perhaps the country 's most fascinating feature . Whether by 4x4 drives or river tours by pirogue , Congo offers an ideal wildlife destination for nature lovers . Home to big cats as well as 1,000 bird species , 900 species of butterflies , 400 species of mammals  including more than 80 % of African primates  , half of the continent 's remaining elephants , 280 species of reptiles , 216 species of amphibians , forest antelopes and forest pigs -- with more species being discovered -- the Congo Basin is by any measure an essential feature of a healthy planet . But instability , industrial logging and poaching are threatening the very existence of some of these animals , including some of the country 's most famous residents such as the shy , endangered okapi , the owl-faced monkey , the beautifully patterned bongo , the sliverback gorilla , the bonobo and the dazzling Congo peacock . Nonetheless , it 's not too late to save these species . And it 's not too late to save the Congo , and help it realize the potential it has always had . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Vava Tampa .	DR Congo has a reputation for conflict and violence Campaigner and Congo native Vava Tampa says there 's another side to the country It has immense natural beauty thanks to its rainforests and wildlife The country 's farmland and rivers could help feed the continent , he says
Producer 's note : When Daniel Furbish started a bike workshop at a community center in Nashville , he did n't know that much about building or fixing bikes . He did , however , know what an important tool a bike can be for a kid with little or no other means of transportation . We met him to see how this little experiment turned into a full-time program that has helped hundreds .	The Oasis Bike Workshop started in 2009 in Nashville The program provides inner-city youth with the tools to fix and build bikes from the ground up Share your bike-to-work sounds from the road with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Chinese authorities have made dozens of arrests following a deadly clash between Han Chinese and ethnic Uighurs in the country 's remote northwest , a U.S.-based Uighur leader said Wednesday . China 's state news agency Xinhua said 12 people were killed in rioting near the northwestern city of Kashgar , including two shot and killed by police during Tuesday 's melee . Xinhua said the trouble began when a group of knife-wielding assailants attacked people in a market . But Omer Kanat , vice president of the World Uighur Congress , put the toll at 16 , including seven members of China 's security forces . "  We have heard different accounts . We do n't know exactly what happened , " Kanat said . But local residents have told the group that the rioting began with a dispute between Uighur youth and Han Chinese settlers in a market , he said . "  The Chinese authorities already launched a crackdown and an arrest campaign after this , and according to our information , 80 people are arrested , " he said . "  They are now looking for the people involved in this incident . " Neither account could be independently verified . Uighurs are predominantly Muslim ethnic Turks who are linguistically , culturally and religiously distinct from China 's majority Han population . Chinese authorities have blamed Islamic militants of Uighur descent for previous outbreaks of violence in Xinjiang province , where Uighur-Han Chinese rioting in July 2009 left nearly 200 people dead and 1,700 injured . The massive security clampdown in the wake of the violence has angered many Uighurs , who make up more than half of the 9 million people that live in the far western region of China . "  This crackdown is ongoing , " Kanat said . "  They restricted everything , every movement of the Uighurs . So the people are frustrated , and there is no way to express your grievances . Some individuals resort to violence , unfortunately . " Tuesday 's rioting coincides with the opening of a new 3.64 billion yuan  $ 579 million  highway linking Kashgar to Yecheng , which lies 155 miles  258 km  to the south . Beijing says militant Uighur groups linked to the East Turkistan Islamic Movement , a separatist organization it says operates from neighboring Afghanistan and Pakistan , have been fomenting trouble in the region . In December , Chinese authorities killed seven Uighurs in a bid to free two hostages kidnapped in the rural county of Pishan , near Yecheng -- an incident the Stockholm-based World Uighur Congress disputes . The WUC said the deaths occurred when police opened fire on a demonstration outside a police bureau where Uighurs were protesting a recent security crackdown in Hotan city . And authorities in Xinjiang said last month they plan to recruit 8,000 extra police officers as China strengthens security in the run-up to a major leadership transition later this year . Kanat said additional police "  will not work , and there will be more violence . " "  But they are not trying to prevent that violence by listening to the grievances of the people , " he said . "  They do n't want to listen to them . They just want to suppress all dissent by force . " CNN 's Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	NEW : The World Uighur Congress says 16 people died in Tuesday 's rioting China 's Xinhua news agency put the death toll at 12 , including two killed by police Beijing has blamed militants of Uighur descent for outbreaks of violence in Xinjiang in recent years Uighurs are ethnic Turks distinct from China 's majority Han population
CNN  -- The homeless Florida woman who made a tearful plea for help from President Obama earlier this year is still jobless and struggling financially . President Obama greets Henrietta Hughes during a town hall meeting in Fort Myers , Florida , on February 10 . Henrietta Hughes caught the nation 's attention in February when she cried for help during one of Obama 's town hall meetings . After her plea , Hughes was given a free home to live in temporarily , but she is still struggling to find a job and might soon lose that home , CNN affiliate WINK reported Thursday . Hughes , who is in her 60s , faithfully goes to an employment center in Fort Myers in hopes of finding a job . "  It 's almost our second home , " Hughes told WINK . She and her son have taken a computer class at the center to help land work . Hughes said she has applied for as many jobs as possible but has struck out . Her son has had no luck either . Now Hughes says she feels time is running out . The home she lives in was donated by the wife of a Florida lawmaker , Chene Thompson , who has been trying to sell the vacant home in the Fort Myers suburb of Lavelle since 2006 . Once the house sells , Hughes will have to leave . But Thompson told CNN that she will do everything in her power to make sure Hughes is not back out on the streets even if her house sells . "  I 've told Miss Hughes ... she will never again be homeless , even if I have to personally assist her with her rent , " said Thompson , who is a longtime advocate of the homeless . Thompson said Hughes reminds her of her grandmother and that she and her son are "  upstanding , good-hearted people . " "  Her concern is that she does n't want to be a freeloader , " Thompson said , but Hughes and her son have helped deter vandals who have targeted vacant homes in the area . "  They really are a blessing for me , " Thompson said . But Hughes told WINK that she worries that she could end up living in her truck again if she has to move without a job . Her plea to Obama came as he promoted his economic stimulus plan at a town hall meeting in southwest Florida . After talking about the plan , the president opened the floor to questions from the crowd . "  I have an urgent need -- unemployment and homelessness , a very small vehicle for my family and I to live in , " Hughes said at the time . "  The housing authority has two years ' waiting lists , and we need something more than the vehicle and the parks to go to . We need our own kitchen and our own bathroom . Please help . " Hughes said her son had lost his job , leaving them homeless . Obama gave Hughes a kiss on the cheek and a promise : "  We 're going to do everything we can to help you , but there are a lot of people like you . "	Homeless Henrietta Hughes made tearful plea for help from President Obama Hughes still jobless , was given a free home but fears she will lose it Hughes and son striking out on jobs despite retraining , visits to job center Obama told Hughes he would help , "  but there are a lot of people like you "
CNN  -- The roommate of the Rutgers University freshman who killed himself after his sexual encounter with another man was broadcast online was indicted Wednesday on privacy and bias charges , the prosecutor of Middlesex County in New Jersey announced . A grand jury indicted Dharun Ravi , 19 , on 15 counts including invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , tampering with physical evidence , witness tampering , and hindering apprehension or prosecution . Ravi 's attorney could not be immediately reached for comment . The indictment alleged that Ravi secretly viewed and streamed online the encounter between his roommate , Tyler Clementi , and another man in September of last year . Authorities said Ravi allegedly secretly placed a camera in the room and accessed it remotely . Ravi "  then provided others an opportunity to view the encounter , " Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce J. Kaplan said in a statement . Two days later , Ravi attempted to view a second encounter between Clementi and the same male , alerting others on Twitter of the planned meeting , the statement said . Ravi is accused of then deleting the tweet and replacing it with a false tweet in order to mislead the investigation , according to the statement . Clementi 's body was recovered from the Hudson River on September 30 , more than a week after he jumped from the George Washington Bridge , which spans the Hudson River separating New York from New Jersey . He was 18 . Molly Wei , 19 , was also charged with two counts of invasion of privacy in relation to the case , prosecutors said . "  The grand jury indictment spells out cold and calculated acts against our son Tyler by his former college roommate , " Clementi 's family said in a statement Wednesday . "  We are eager to have the process move forward for justice in this case and to reinforce the standards of acceptable conduct in our society . " The case exposed the issue of bullying on school campuses and has fed anti-bullying efforts across the nation . In October , less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Barack Obama released a taped video message condemning such acts . "  You are not alone , " the president says . "  You did not do anything wrong . "  You did n't do anything to deserve being bullied and there is a whole world waiting for you filled with possibilities , " Obama adds . In November , Clementi 's family consented to the use of his name on federal anti-harassment legislation called the "  Tyler Clementi Higher Education Anti-Harassment Act . " The proposed law would require schools that receive federal student aid "  to create policies prohibiting the harassment of any student , " said Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey .	Dharun Ravi was indicted Wednesday on privacy and bias charges A grand jury handed down a 15-count indictment against Ravi He has been charged with invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , tampering with physical evidence Tyler Clementi killed himself after his sexual encounter with another man was broadcast online
Mashable  -- Facebook is rolling out a new breed of Pages called Friendship Pages that pull together the public wall posts , comments , photos  based on tags  and events that two friends have in common . The Friendship Pages feature was cooked up by Facebook software engineer Wayne Kao and then brought to life in an internal hackathon event . The Pages are designed to the tell the story of two friends on Facebook through their shared activity . "  For those of us who have worked on it , the best part is the human side of these Pages . They can bring back memories , conversations and times spent together , " explains Kao . Friendship Pages are accessible from under the main photo on a friend 's profile Page and via links from related wall posts or relationship stories . The Pages are public to other members so long as they have permission to view both users ' profiles . Friendship Pages are said to be launching today , but are likely being delivered to members in a gradual rollout . We think the Pages are an interesting alternative way to organize Facebook activity around friends , though it does add another layer of complexity to the site . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook rolling out Friendship Pages that pull together all the info two friends share Feature was cooked up by Facebook software engineer Wayne Kao "  Best part is the human side of these Pages , " Kao says
CNN  -- Afghanistan 's president is speeding up the transfer of the U.S.-run prison at Bagram to Afghan control within a month after hearing a report citing problems at the facility , including human rights issues . President Hamid Karzai on Thursday assigned a commission to conduct the move . He made the decision after a briefing about the facility and the condition of its prisoners from the head of the country 's Constitutional Oversight Commission , Gul Rahman Qazi . The commission is made up of top Afghan officials , including the defense , justice and interior ministers . "  The report details many cases of violations of the Afghan Constitution and other applicable laws of the country , the relevant international conventions and human rights , " the president 's office said . A transfer has been planned for a while , and this effort is being made as the United States pledges to hand over more authority to the Afghans in the coming months and years . The original detention facility had been the Bagram Theater Internment Facility at Bagram Air Base . It has been replaced by a nearby prison built in late 2009 called the Detention Facility in Parwan , named for the province . Both facilities have been called Bagram prison . "  The United States has repeatedly made clear we are committed to working with the Afghan government to complete a joint plan for transition of detention operations in Afghanistan , " said Gavin Sundwall , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Kabul . "  We will continue to work with the Afghan government to meet this objective . " Sundwall said he believed the announcement referred to Parwan but added that the embassy only had the palace statement to refer to and had not been given a copy of the commission 's report mentioned in the presidential news release . "  We take seriously and investigate all allegations of detainee abuse . The United States respects the human rights of detainees at the Detention Facility in Parwan . Any specific allegations of detainee abuse should be addressed to ISAF , " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States has been working with the Afghan government "  on appropriate timing and pace for transfer of the detention facilities . " "  We 're going to continue to work with the Afghan government to implement the transition -- that we have both agreed needs to happen -- of detention operations in Afghanistan . We need to do this in a manner that is maximally responsible , " she said . Karzai 's decision also comes amid tensions between the United States and Afghanistan over the announcement of a Taliban office in Qatar . Karzai withdrew his ambassador from Qatar last month , apparently unhappy that his Western allies -- and principally the United States -- were forging a channel for talks with the Taliban without his approval . The United States invaded Afghanistan and ousted the Taliban after the al Qaeda terror network attacked the United States on September 11 , 2001 . The Taliban had ruled Afghanistan since 1996 . Human rights activists have criticized detention practices at the Bagram facilities over the years . Last year , Human Rights First said the detainees "  are , in fact , afforded far fewer rights than are those at Guantanamo , who have the right to challenge their detention in a U.S. court and to representation by a lawyer . " "  Some detainees at Bagram have been imprisoned for eight years or more without charge or trial , based largely on evidence they have never seen and with no meaningful opportunity to defend themselves , " a report from the group said in May . A U.S. Forces in Afghanistan fact sheet issued in October said the Detention Facility in Parwan "  enables security , transparency and rule of law in Afghanistan both now and when the facility is transferred to the Afghan government . The design of the DFIP allows for safe , humane and effective management of the detainee population . " CNN 's Nick Paton-Walsh contributed to this report .	Detention facility in Parwan , Afghanistan , was built in late 2009 The U.S. Embassy in Kabul says it takes abuse allegations seriously Human rights groups have criticized abuses at Bagram in the past
CNN  -- Nanci Griffith wanted to look on the bright side . Nanci Griffith , who says she 's "  fed up with negativity , " was revitalized by the election of Barack Obama . And who could blame her ? In the past decade , Griffith -- perhaps best known for her Grammy-winning 1993 album , "  Other Voices , Other Rooms " -- had faced a political climate she did n't agree with , as well as recovery from thyroid and breast cancer , which she was diagnosed with in the late '90s . Songwriting had become a struggle for the singer with the gentle , crystalline voice . "  It was ... horrific , " she said simply . However , with her latest album , "  The Loving Kind "  Rounder  , Griffith is as focused and passionate as she has been in years . Sparked by the changes in her life and American politics , she said , music has been vital to her personal resurgence . "  It was nice to focus on things outside of my body . Music has always done that for me , " she said . Describing herself as someone who was "  fed up with negativity , " Griffith was equally inspired by her fellow countrymen . " -LSB- The -RSB- American people will not let this country collapse , " she said . The idea motivated her to look at her country 's dark path of injustice not so long ago , stories that worked their way into her songwriting . "  In some ways , I 'm just a journalist . I -LSB- want -RSB- my audience to hear these stories , " she said . CNN spoke with Griffith from her home in Nashville , Tennessee . CNN : Being a folk singer and your views being what they are , was it tougher or maybe easier to write songs from 2000 to 2008 ? Nanci Griffith : It was very difficult for me . I was hurt by the direction my country was going in . And then , after -LSB- the 2008 election -RSB- , everything came spilling out . Things came along like the Mildred and Richard Loving case  "  The Loving Kind "  , where Mildred died , and I read her obituary . -LSB- The Lovings were a couple whose interracial marriage was against the law in Virginia at the time . -RSB- That was such an inspiration . ... Just wondering why I never knew about this and how important that case is currently with equality in marriage . Little things . Bit by bit , my heart started to open up again , and I could write ! CNN : Had you ever gone through that before ? Griffith : No , never in my life . I 've always been a very prolific writer . CNN : Now , what about writing in the age of Obama ? Griffith :  laughs  It feels great ! People may be down on their luck , financially . But I see so much optimism about the direction of the country and -LSB- general -RSB- openness . CNN : Now , in addition to "  The Loving Kind , " there are other songs based on actual events on this record . Tell me about "  Not Innocent Enough . " Griffith : That 's based on Philip Workman 's case in Memphis -LSB- Tennessee -RSB- . He was robbing a Wendy 's -- was a heroin addict -- and police came in , and an officer was killed . Now , Workman did n't kill him ; it was friendly fire . Workman was convicted anyway and executed . I 'm a total abolitionist when it comes to the death penalty , but this case really stunned me , because I feel like this country has evolved enough to where we should n't have to live with the death penalty . CNN : Is it hard as a writer/musician to inhabit those songs , knowing that they are actual events ? Griffith : Not really . I feel like , in some ways , I 'm just a journalist . I do n't express my opinion -LSB- in the songs -RSB- , necessarily . But it 's important to me that my audience hear these stories . I want as many people to know about Loving v. Virginia as possible . CNN : Do you feel like it 's a more palatable way to become aware of a story like that when a song is attached to it ? Griffith : I do . I 've been informed many times through music . Pete Seeger , Odetta , Dave Van Ronk , Bruce Springsteen ... so many folk songwriters . It 's all around you . CNN : The song "  Still Life " -- I suspect that 's about President George W. Bush ? Griffith : It 's about people like him . This country is full of them , and especially my home state of Texas . It 's a -LSB- perspective on -RSB- people who go through life getting away with everything . CNN : Do you feel a sense of vindication with President Obama 's election , or at least a sense that things are moving in a direction you 're in favor of ? Griffith : I hope so . Right now , he is my hero . So is his wife . CNN : What in your past steered you into a topical songwriter ? Griffith : I was always more interested in story songs , things with a point of view ... and things that informed me . CNN : Is there a different process of writing those topical songs versus a song like "  Up Against the Rain , " which is clearly more personal ? Griffith : There is a burden to writing -LSB- those topical songs -RSB- : You better have your facts straight . When you 're writing a personal song like "  Rain , " it 's straight from your heart and seems to just flow . CNN : "  Sing " seems like it would fit that description . Does that song sum up your life in a way ? Griffith : Many have asked that , but I was actually inspired to write that by watching an interview with Shania Twain where she said it would not have mattered if she remained a lounge act for her whole career . It 's not something you choose . It 's just what you do .	Nanci Griffith 's new album is "  The Loving Kind " Grammy-winning singer with crystalline voice had long dry stretch in ' 00s Election of Obama , better health has her in upbeat mood
CNN  -- Less than three months ago , the Supreme Court of the United States handed down eagerly awaited rulings on same-sex marriage , voting rights and affirmative action . Next month , the court will begin its new term and likely deal with controversial issues such as abortion , campaign finance reform and the separation of church and state . When the court is in the middle of a term , it is easy to focus on hard legal questions , the legal views of individual justices and the consequences of landmark decisions . Now is a good time , when the court is in recess , to take a step back and look at the institution itself . A lifetime is too long First , our Supreme Court justices are the only judges in the world who sit on a country 's highest court and have life tenure . Because the president nominates the justices and the Senate confirms them , the American people do not elect the justices and can not vote them out of office . In light of the crucial role the court plays across the spectrum of social , legal and political issues , the question of how long our justices serve should be re-examined . Supreme Court justices often serve more than 25 years and beyond the time they are still fit to perform their duties . For example , according to renown author David Garrow , both Justices William O. Douglas and Thurgood Marshall remained on the bench well after their skills had significantly diminished beyond the point of competence . The usual justification for life tenure is that the justices need to be independent of the other branches of the government to adequately perform their duties . This need for independence is real and compelling , but there are other ways to achieve that goal . Other countries use fixed terms , retirement ages or a combination of the two to achieve the necessary independence . There simply is no persuasive reason to allow governmental officials who have virtually unreviewable power to hold their offices for life . Few witnesses to history The second aspect of our Supreme Court that needs to be changed is the lack of television coverage of oral arguments and decision announcements . What a shame that during the last week of June when the court handed down and read from the bench numerous important decisions -- including the overturning of the Defense of Marriage Act and the formula in Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act -- the American people had to hear the news indirectly from media personalities instead of the justices . Similarly in 2012 , when the court held three days of oral arguments on the president 's most important piece of legislation , the Affordable Care Act , the public should have been able to witness those arguments just like the lucky few who happened to be in the courtroom . Moreover , it is close to a tragedy that future generations will have absolutely no video record of the court 's arguments or decisions in these landmark cases . It would be an invaluable learning tool if young Americans today could see the oral arguments in Brown v. Board of Education or Roe v. Wade . More than 30 state supreme courts allow cameras in the courtroom with great success . Supreme Court Justices John Roberts and Anthony Kennedy have suggested that the presence of television would lead to grandstanding by lawyers and maybe even the justices themselves , but the experiences in state courts demonstrate such concerns are greatly exaggerated . When Arkansas was considering placing cameras in the courtroom , Justice Robert L. Brown conducted a survey and found that "  state supreme courts have blazed a significant technological trail . ... The public 's response , according to those state supreme courts that provide those video broadcasts , border -LSB- ed -RSB- on the exuberant ... -LSB- N -RSB- o state that currently provides video of its oral arguments cites grandstanding as a problem . " Arkansas has joined the majority of states that allow cameras in their courtrooms . There is simply no good reason for the Supreme Court not to do exactly the same thing . A joke of a job interview Finally , we have to do something about the national farce that is our Supreme Court nomination process . The sad spectacle of senators asking questions drafted by their staffs and then allowing the nominees to duck them should give way to serious conversations about the nominees ' views so that the American people can participate more fully in the confirmation process . As almost everyone now knows , the justices have enormous discretion to decide cases in accordance with their personal and political value systems . The differences between Justices Antonin Scalia and Ruth Bader Ginsburg on most constitutional questions have nothing to do with legal interpretation and everything to do with their different backgrounds , experiences and values . The Senate should do a much better job requiring nominees to answer hard questions about those values and experiences before the nominees are allowed to sit on the highest court in the land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Segall .	Eric Segall : Life tenure allows justices to serve past the point of competence Segall : Court should follow lead of many states and allow cameras in courtroom The Supreme Court nomination process is a farce , he adds
CNN  A trio of disasters that battered American journalism -- the suspension of NBC anchor Brian Williams , followed by the unrelated deaths of CBS correspondent Bob Simon and New York Times media critic David Carr -- could not come at a worse time for the news business . To see three nationally well-respected leaders in the field vanish in a week 's time has left many in the news business shaken . Williams deserves the least sympathy ; he caused his own unpaid suspension by repeatedly distorting and exaggerating key facts about a story he helped report over a decade ago , a breach that calls into question the level of quality control at a network that made him the face of news to 9 million nightly viewers . By contrast , the loss of Simon and Carr is an unmitigated tragedy . Simon , killed in a car accident , won dozens of Emmy awards and famously put his life on the line in 1991 , when the forces of Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein held him and his news crew captive for 40 days , during which they were blindfolded , beaten and threatened with death . Carr was a fearless critic of media and was unafraid of exposing the inner workings of even the most powerful companies -- including his own beloved New York Times , which he took to task for firing ex-executive editor Jill Abramson in an essay that my friend and journalist John Avlon and I included in a list of the best newspaper columns of 2014 . Simon and Carr were professionals who graced their chosen field and showed how much good you can do with skill , grit and integrity . As one media critic put it , "  Both were classic , fearless , old-school journalists who stayed at the top of their craft for decades , winning plenty of awards for their work ... but more importantly , the respect of both their readers and those in the industry . " The loss of two stalwart truth-tellers leaves journalism weaker when it needs to be stronger on behalf of the public . Media organizations , already reeling from shrinking audiences , have recently been forced to weather an unprecedented level of government stonewalling of basic information . "  This trend has been especially pronounced in the federal government , " read a blistering letter from the Society of Professional Journalists to the Obama administration . "  We consider these restrictions a form of censorship -- an attempt to control what the public is allowed to see and hear . " Equally disturbing is the fact the Obama administration has conducted more criminal prosecutions of whistleblowers under the Espionage Act compared with any of the previous administrations . Seven , to be precise . Add a dose of direct violence -- notably , the recent kidnapping and beheading of journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff by ISIS -- and the challenges confronting an already troubled news industry start to look like the stuff of nightmares . That 's the bad news . The good news is that a rising generation of journalists , journeymen who have been perfecting their craft for years , are preparing to take the reins of leadership in the nation 's major newsrooms . Here are three of the best , whose success is a reason to cheer . Full disclosure : I have worked with all of them , and consider each of them dear friends . Maggie Haberman , a longtime political reporter for Politico , graduates this week to a prominent post at The New York Times , where she will anchor the paper 's politics web section and help drive coverage of the 2016 presidential campaign . Ben Smith , editor in chief of Buzzfeed , recently scored a one-on-one interview with President Obama that is notable , in part , because Buzzfeed , which started less than a decade ago , is considered a leader among the new digital organizations that attract and cater to young millennials . And John Avlon , editor in chief of the Daily Beast and a CNN contributor , took the reins after the departure of Tina Brown and is growing the organization by leaps and bounds , deepening its national security coverage alongside a lively coverage of the mechanics of Hollywood and Washington . A cadre of opinion journalists -- notably , Chris Hayes and Joy-Ann Reid on the left , S.E. Cupp and Will Cain on the right -- are diligently building reputations for wit , insight and creativity at a time when Americans are looking for new faces and voices . We have , indeed , lost some great , brave journalists lately . May the new generation live up to the legacy we 've inherited .	A trio of disasters that battered American journalism could not come at a worse time for the news business The suspension of Brian Williams , and the deaths of Bob Simon and David Carr , are unfortunate and sad
CNN  -- South African President Jacob Zuma was discharged from the hospital Sunday and will rest at home for a few days , state media reported . Doctors hospitalized Zuma , 72 , for a "  thorough checkup following a demanding schedule " and "  are happy with the results , " the presidency said , according to the South African Press Association . "  The President will continue to rest for a few days and will work mainly from home during the rest period , " said Jeff Radebe , minister in the presidency . "  We thank the public for the messages of support and good wishes that have been received since the news of the hospitalization of the president was made public . " Zuma was re-elected to a second term last month despite economic woes , deadly mining protests and corruption allegations . Doctors had advised Zuma to rest after "  a demanding election and transition program to the new administration , " his spokesman said Saturday . His party , the African National Congress , won the general election with 62 % of the vote , which was lower than the previous election . After a turbulent first term , Zuma said during his inaugural address that his government will perform better this time around and take responsibility for any shortcomings . "  We will ... ensure much tighter accountability , with firm consequences where there is a failure to deliver services to our people , " he promised . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	State media : South African President Jacob Zuma went to the hospital for a checkup Zuma will rest for a few days and work from home , an official says Zuma won a second term and was inaugurated last month Doctors advised rest after his re-election , statement says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A football team from southern Italy is hoping for entry into the Guinness World Records because all their players have the same surname , according to a media report . The entire squad of Team De Feo , an amateur side from the town of Serino , have "  De Feo " as their surname -- as does the coach , doctor and club secretary and sponsors , British newspaper The Independent reported . The club 's ground even sits on Via Raffaele De Feo . A tourism Web site for Serino shows that the mayor 's name is Gaetano De Feo . According to The Independent , the team was established by former Serie A player , Maurizio De Feo , who says he founded the team in a bid for inclusion in the Guinness Book of World Records . The name De Feo is very common in the region . A Guinness World Records spokesman told CNN there did not appear to be any active categories that the team 's identical surnames would fit in to -- but that new ideas were always welcomed . If the team was to submit a claim to Guinness World Records , the idea would be considered and a new category could potentially be created , the spokesman said .	Amateur football team in southern Italy all have same surname "  Team De Feo " founded by former Serie A player Maurizio De Feo Team has ambitions to get into Guinness Book of World Records
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Interpol is chasing more than 200 leads on the potential identity of a pedophile suspected of molesting young boys , just one day after launching a global manhunt . Interpol has launched a global appeal to find this man , accused of abusing young boys . The organization , which facilitates global cooperation among police agencies , said its Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day after it made its plea for the public 's help Tuesday . Interpol is trying to locate a man who is pictured sexually abusing young boys in hundreds of images on the Internet . " ` The public 's response has been very positive , " said Kristin Kvigne , assistant director of Interpol 's Trafficking in Human Beings unit , in a news release . "  The smallest piece of information from anywhere in the world could be crucial in identifying this man . " The man is featured in 100 photographs sexually abusing at least three boys between the ages of six and 10 , Interpol said . The organization posted six pictures of the suspect on its Web site . The pictures came to light in 2006 , when Norwegian authorities discovered them in the possession of a man they arrested . Watch a report on Interpol 's man-hunt " "  While these images were only discovered two years ago , we believe the photographs were taken between April 2000 and May 2001 , so clearly this man will be older than he appears in the pictures , " said Kvigne . Last October , Interpol disseminated pictures of another man whose face appeared in more than 200 images of sex acts with children . It dubbed its operation Vico , because the images were thought to have been taken in Vietnam and Cambodia . Ten days later , Christopher Paul Neil -- a 32-year-old Canadian man who had been working as an English-language teacher in South Korea -- was arrested in Thailand and charged with child abuse . Following the success of that operation , the organization 's general assembly approved a resolution allowing Interpol to seek public help in child sex abuse investigations .	NEW : Interpol chasing 200 new leads in global manhunt for serial pedophile Interpol Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day 100 photographs show man sexually abusing at least three boys aged 6 to 10 Interpol issued appeal for first time in October , arrest made after 10 days
The Hollywood Reporter  Louis Jourdan , the debonair leading man who romanced Leslie Caron in "  Gigi " and played a wealthy Afghan prince in the James Bond film "  Octopussy , " has died . He was 93 . The French actor , who brought his smooth , continental charm to such films as "  Letters From an Unknown Woman "  1948  , "  The Happy Time "  1952  and "  Three Coins in the Fountain "  1954  , died Saturday in his Beverly Hills home , according to French publication Le Point . After World War II , Jourdan attracted the attention of famed producer David O. Selznick and was cast in Alfred Hitchcock 's "  The Paradine Case "  1947  , which starred Gregory Peck and Ethel Barrymore . The late 1940s and '50s were Jourdan 's most fertile period , a time of lavish romantic features perfect for his cultivated persona . During this period , he starred in Vincente Minnelli 's version of "  Madame Bovary "  1949  opposite Jennifer Jones ; in "  Bird of Paradise "  1951  with Debra Paget ; and as a pirate in "  Anne of the Indies "  1951  , with Jean Peters and Paget again . The Hollywood Reporter : First photo of Daniel Craig in new Bond film He portrayed an effervescent French-Canadian in "  The Happy Time " and showed his versatility by playing four roles in "  Decameron Nights "  1953  , starring with Joan Fontaine . He was born Louis Gendre on July 19 , 1921 , in Marseille . He studied acting at Ecole d'art Dramatique , and his first movie role came in "  Le Corsaire "  1939  , a French film that was never completed because of World War II . After his father was arrested by the Gestapo , Jourdan joined the French Underground . He paired with Fontaine for the first time in Max Ophuls ' "  Letters From an Unknown Woman , " playing a Viennese concert pianist who receives a letter from a woman he once had a love affair with but no longer remembers . Jourdan as ever played the suave lead , a predatory prince , in "  Three Coins in the Fountain , " and in 1956 , he portrayed a commoner who falls in love with a princess  Grace Kelly  in "  The Swan . " With his cosmopolitan currency at its peak , Jourdan was cast by Minnelli to star in the MGM big -- budget musical "  Gigi "  1958  as a wealthy bon vivant in love with a beautiful courtesan-in-training  Caron  . The film won the best picture Oscar and eight other Academy Awards . After the huge success of "  Gigi , " Jourdan brought his dashing elan to a number of films , including "  The Best of Everything "  1959  , opposite Joan Crawford ; the musical "  Can-Can "  1960  , with Frank Sinatra , Shirley MacLaine and his "  Gigi " co-star Maurice Chevalier ; "  The V.I.P.s "  1963  , opposite Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton ; and the Gallic romp "  Made in Paris "  1966  , with Ann-Margret . The late 1960s and '70s , with a changing sensibility toward romance in moviemaking , did not serve up the kinds of roles that Jourdan was known for . He did , however , bring his polished presence to the role of the prince and smuggler Kamal Khan in "  Octopussy "  1983  . The Hollywood Reporter : Actors who have played James Bond Jourdan played eccentric villains in "  Counterforce "  1988  and "  The Return of the Swamp Thing "  1989  , and his last credit came in Peter Yates ' "  Year of the Comet "  1992  . The actor has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and received the Legion of Honour award in 2010 . Jourdan was married for more than six decades to Berthe Frederique , who died in 2014 . Their son , Louis Henry Jourdan , died from a drug overdose in 1981 . People we 've lost in 2015	Louis Jourdan played the villain in "  Octopussy " Jourdan was model of French lover in 1950s , starred in "  Gigi " Actor part of French resistance during World War II
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate on Tuesday rejected an amendment to tighten restrictions on federal funding for abortion in the sweeping health care bill it is debating . On a 54-45 vote , the chamber agreed to table the amendment , which effectively killed it from further consideration . Rejection of the amendment means the Senate health bill , if approved with the current abortion language , would differ from more restrictive language in the House version of the bill passed last month . The amendment filed Monday by Sens. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska , and Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , mirrored language in the House bill that prevents any health plan receiving federal subsidies from offering coverage for abortion . Anti-abortion legislators said the amendment would maintain the current level of restriction by preventing any federal funding for abortion except in the case of rape , incest or a threat to the life of the mother . Hatch argued Tuesday that the Senate proposal as originally written provides a loophole for the use of federal money to subsidize health insurance that would cover abortion . "  Taxpayers should not be called upon to pay for abortion , " Hatch said . Other GOP senators said the strong opposition by millions of Americans to federal funding for abortion should be respected by passing the amendment to tighten restrictions . Nelson had warned that without the amendment , he could vote against ending debate on the bill . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , needs 60 votes to close debate on the bill and bring it to a vote , and 51 votes for final passage . In the Senate , the Democratic caucus has 60 members . If Nelson or any other Democrats break with the caucus , Reid will need some Republican support to move forward . Senate Republicans unanimously oppose the bill . Opponents of the tougher language argued that the amendment would expand the current level of restriction because women receiving coverage under a federally subsidized health care plan would be barred from purchasing abortion coverage with their own money . "  Why are women being singled out here ? It 's so unfair , " said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , adding there is no medical procedure for men that can not be purchased with private funds . Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan , said the real goal of the amendment is to deny women covered by government-funded health care the right to get an abortion . "  Let 's keep federal policy in place that does not allow federal funding for abortion but respects the women of this country , " Stabenow said . Maine 's two Republican senators -- Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins -- both joined Democrats in voting to table the amendment , while seven Democrats voted with the chamber 's other 38 Republicans against killing the proposal . The House adopted its restrictive language as part of a last-minute concession to anti-abortion legislators who threatened to defeat the health care bill without a vote on the provision . Reid , D-Nevada , said earlier Tuesday he would continue to work with Nelson on the issue if the Nebraska lawmaker 's amendment failed . "  I 'm happy to work with him , " Reid said . "  If , in fact , he does n't succeed here , we 'll try something else . " If the Senate eventually passes a bill that gets merged with the House version , the abortion language will be a crucial issue . An anti-abortion bloc in the House threatens to reject a bill without the tougher language adopted by the chamber , while a liberal-progressive House bloc has said it wo n't accept a bill with the more restrictive provision . Also on Tuesday , liberal and moderate Democrats reached a "  broad agreement " on the public option portion of the Senate health care bill , Reid said . Without revealing any details , Reid said the negotiating senators had reached an agreement that "  moves this bill way down the road . " Two Democratic sources said the deal includes proposals to replace the public option by creating a not-for-profit private insurance option overseen by the federal Office of Personnel Management , much like the current health plan for federal workers , and another allowing people 55 and older to buy into Medicare coverage that currently is available to those 65 and older . But Sen. Russ Feingold of Wisconsin , one of 10 Democratic senators working on the deal , said in a statement released after Reid 's announcement that he would not "  support proposals that would replace the public option in the bill with a purely private approach . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Evan Glass and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Amendment would have tightened restrictions on federal funding Senate tabled the amendment on a 54-45 vote House bill contains more restrictive language Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said he 'll continue to work with Sen. Ben Nelson
