NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India on Wednesday urged Sri Lanka 's Tamil rebels to "  release " civilians , who it said numbered about 70,000 in Sri Lanka 's war zone . A Sri Lankan soldier poses in front of a Tamil Tigers emblem in the rebel group 's former military headquarters . India is ready to help evacuate them , External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee told the Indian parliament . "  Estimates on the number of civilians trapped vary , but 70,000 or so are estimated to be there now . The LTTE were reportedly using them as human shields , " he said , referring to the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , also known as the Tamil Tigers . "  As the conflict enters what may be the final phase of military operations , the LTTE would best serve the interest of the Tamils by immediately releasing all civilians and laying down arms , " Mukherjee added . He noted that some civilians had either been caught in cross-fire or "  stopped and even killed " by Tamil rebels as they tried to escape . Government troops and the Tamil Tigers are locked in a battle over the rebels ' remaining territory in northern Sri Lanka 's Vanni region . The rebels have been fighting for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . Tens of thousands of people have fled the region as government forces have advanced and rebels have been pushed into a smaller and smaller patch of land . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	India urges Tamil Tiger rebels to allow civilians to leave Sri Lankan war zone Sri Lankan troops , Tamil fighters locked in battle for control of rebels ' territory India estimates up to 70,000 are trapped in the region by the conflict Tamil Tigers have been fighting for independent homeland since 1983
Creativity , the ability to see things differently and come up with new breakthroughs , is n't some God-given gift to be enjoyed by the lucky few . It 's a natural part of human behavior . Unfortunately , sometimes creativity gets blocked and we lose confidence in our own ability to create . Albert Bandura is one of the great psychologists : Only Freud , Skinner and Piaget have been cited more . Bandura is 86 now and he still works at Stanford . One day we met on campus and got to talking about this methodology he 'd developed to cure phobias , called "  guided mastery . " I mean , Bandura 's methodology did n't just cure people with a lifelong fear of snakes ; it affected other parts of their lives . Watch David Kelley 's TED Talk : How to build your creative confidence First Bandura would invite the person with the fear of snakes into a room and say , "  You know , there 's a snake in the next room and we 're going in there . " To which they usually responded , "  Hell no , I 'm not . " Then he 'd have the person stand in front of a two-way mirror looking into the room where a friend of theirs was holding a snake . Gradually , the person would start to feel more comfortable . Many small steps later , eventually they would n't just be in standing in the same room as a snake , they 'd be wearing leather gloves , getting ready to actually touch one . And as soon as someone with a phobia of snakes actually touched a snake in that room , they were fine . Better than fine . TED.com : Elizabeth Gilbert on nurturing creativity In fact , the people who had touched the snake ended up having less anxiety and more success elsewhere in their lives . They tried harder , they persevered longer , and they were more resilient in the face of failure . They had gained a new confidence in their ability to attain what they set out to do . Bandura calls that confidence "  self-efficacy , " and it could possibly change the world , one person at a time . Well , meeting Bandura was really cathartic for me , because I realized that this famous scientist had scientifically validated something we 'd been seeing for the last 30 years . At IDEO and the d.school  Stanford 's school of design  , we meet people from all kinds of businesses . A lot of these highly skilled people have spent years honing their analytical , practical mind -- but they ca n't remember the last time they created something new . They say things like , "  I 'm afraid I 'm just not the creative type . " We 've found that we can help people regain their creative confidence through a series of small successes that take fear and turn it into familiarity . Even better , when people regain this creative confidence -- and we see it all the time at the d.school and at IDEO -- we 've found that they start working on the things that are really important in their lives . They go in new directions . They come up with more interesting , more prolific ideas , so they can choose from better options . And they make better decisions . TED.com : Ken Robinson says schools kill creativity To me , that journey to creative confidence looks like Doug Dietz . Doug Dietz is a technical person . He designs life-saving , award-winning medical imaging equipment , MRI machines , and he 's had a fantastic career at GE . But at one point Doug had a moment of crisis . He had come to a hospital to observe one of his MRI machines in use and met a young family whose little girl was so terrified of the MRI that she had to be sedated before getting a scan . Then Doug found out she was n't the only one . Nearly 80 percent of the pediatric patients in this hospital had to be sedated in order to deal with the scary MRI machine . Around that time he was taking classes at the d.school , learning about design thinking , about empathy , about iterative prototyping . And he decided to take his new creative confidence and do something quite extraordinary . He decided to redesign the entire experience of being scanned . He painted the walls and he painted the machine , and he had children 's museum people retrain the operators , and he turned the MRI experience into an adventure story for kids . Now when a kid comes in , they 're in a story , not a machine . The operators say things like , "  Okay , you 're going to go into the pirate ship , but be very still because we do n't want the pirates to find you . " Because of Doug 's MRI redesign , this pediatric ward went from 80 percent of the kids needing to be sedated , to something like 10 percent . The hospital and GE were happy too , because less anesthesiologist time meant more patients could finish in one day . So the quantitative results were great . But the results that Doug cared about were much more qualitative : He was waiting with a young family one day when a little girl came out of her scan , ran up to her mother , and said , "  Mommy , can we come back tomorrow ? " TED.com : 5 dangerous things you should let your kids do Doug 's story takes place in a hospital . I know a thing or two about hospitals , too . A few years ago I felt a lump on the side of my neck , and it was my turn in the MRI machine . It was cancer . I was told I had a 40 percent chance of survival . So while you 're sitting around with the other patients in your pajamas and everybody 's pale and thin and you 're waiting for your turn to get the gamma rays , you think about a lot of things . Mostly you think about , "  Am I going to survive ? " But you think about other things , too , like , "  What was I put on Earth to do ? " At this point I knew that if I survived , my purpose was to help as many people as possible regain the creative confidence they lost along their way . So I hope you 'll join me on my quest . Let 's not let people divide the world into the creatives and the non-creatives , like it 's some God-given thing . Let 's help people realize that they 're naturally creative , and they should let their ideas fly . Achieve what Bandura calls self-efficacy . Find the belief that you can do what you set out to do . Believe that you can reach a place of creative confidence . Touch the snake . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	David Kelley : Creativity is n't something that only a few can do , it 's natural human behavior He says sometimes creativity gets blocked and we lose the confidence to create A series of small successes can help people develop creative confidence , he says Kelley : Creativity can turn the world around , as it did at an MRI unit for sick children
CNN  -- Hurricane Paloma continued to intensify Friday night as the Category 3 storm pounded Grand Cayman island with strong winds and heavy rain . As of 10 p.m. ET Friday , Paloma was moving northeast through the Cayman Islands . The National Hurricane Center said additional strengthening of the storm could occur through Saturday night as Paloma turned northeast and headed toward Cuba . A hurricane warning was in effect Friday throughout the Cayman islands , with residents being told that "  preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion , " the center said . A hurricane warning means that hurricane conditions are expected within 24 hours . Cuban officials also issued a hurricane warning for the provinces of Sancti Spiritus , Ciego de Avila , Camaguey and Las Tunas , the Miami , Florida-based hurricane center said in an advisory . As of 10 p.m. ET , Paloma 's winds were near 115 mph  185 kph  with higher gusts . Paloma is forecast to approach Cuba as a Category 2 storm after weakening late Saturday , according to the hurricane center . Watch rainstorms beat the Cayman Islands " Friday evening , the center of Paloma was about 25 miles  40 kilometers  south of Grand Cayman Island and about 275 miles  443 kilometers  southwest of Camaguey , Cuba . It was moving northeast at about 7 mph and was expected to pass near Grand Cayman Friday night and approach the coast of central Cuba late Saturday , the hurricane center said . The storm 's projected path would steer it away from the U.S. mainland and into the Atlantic . See where the hurricane could be headed " J.B. Webb , a manager at a radio station on Grand Cayman , said Friday evening that some residents had gone to shelters and others were shutting themselves in downtown businesses rebuilt to withstand a Category 5 hurricane . He said the local government had advised people to be off the roads by 11 a.m. . The storm is expected to produce rainfall accumulations of 5 to 10 inches over the Caymans and central and eastern Cuba , with isolated maximum totals of 15 inches possible . Flash floods and mudslides are possible , forecasters said . Hurricane-force winds extend outward up to 25 miles from the center , and tropical storm-force winds extend outward up to 120 miles , the hurricane center said . iReport.com : Are you in Paloma 's path ? Forecasters predicted storm-surge flooding of 5 to 7 feet above normal tide levels , accompanied by dangerous battering waves , near the center of Paloma in the Cayman Islands . Near where Paloma is expected to make landfall , along Cuba 's southern coast , storm surge flooding of 8 to 12 feet is forecast , the hurricane center said . Cuban television was broadcasting advisories to viewers , telling them not to cross swollen rivers , to avoid fallen cables and to evacuate if told to do so by Civil Defense officials . In Las Tunas , students in boarding schools were sent home , because the schools will be used as shelters . Evacuations were under way in some coastal areas prone to flooding . Rice and cereal was being shipped to other parts of the country to keep it from spoiling , and no tourists were being allowed to enter many areas . CNN 's Morgan Neill and Rory Suchet contributed to this report .	NEW : Cayman Island residents flee homes for shelters , fortified buildings Paloma has 115-mph winds ; storm-surge flooding expected in Caymans Evacuations under way in parts of Cuba ; safety advisories issued Projected path would steer hurricane away from U.S. mainland
CNN  -- Newly elected Egyptian ministers held their first parliamentary session this week , almost a year to the day after the start of historic protests in the capital led to the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak . But for all the bravery and resilience the demonstrators showed by withstanding a brutal crackdown as they sang , waved flags and held candlelight vigils for 18 days , the movement began many years before . "  Being in the square , just feeling that energy , was one of the greatest experiences of my life , " said Ashraf Khalil , an Egyptian-American journalist who was standing among the protesters when news broke February 11 that Mubarak had decided to resign . "  It felt like a roar but also a kind of relief , an enormous release of years of frustration and struggle . " In his new book , "  Liberation Square : Inside the Egyptian Revolution and the Rebirth of a Nation , " Khalil explains some of the events that quietly laid the foundation for the uprising . He also predicts what may be ahead for Egypt in 2012 as unprecedented elections take place , likely prompting more protests and violence . "  There 's one camp that 's throwing up their hands and saying , ` Oh , the revolution has n't brought us anything , ' " Khalil said . Are you there ? Share your thoughts on the anniversary of the uprising . But many Egyptians , particularly older , experienced activists who lived through decades of oppression under Mubarak 's rule , are far more optimistic . "  They argue that this process , as messy as it may be , is a victory in itself , " he said . "  This is a generation that believes this is democracy in progress . " Khalil 's parents emigrated from Egypt in the late 1960s to get their doctorate degrees in the United States . In their home in suburban Chicago , his parents spoke Arabic , but Khalil picked up almost none of it . But as he got older and considered becoming a journalist , he yearned to know more about his family 's background and more about Egypt . While studying at Indiana University , he went to Cairo for a year on a study-abroad program . "  I got the place in my blood and always thought about coming back , " he recalled . After graduation and a few years at a newspaper in Indiana , Khalil moved to Cairo in 1997 to work as a freelance reporter . He had barely unpacked his bags and settled in when a terrorist attack turned the world 's focus on Egypt . Fifty-eight foreign tourists were killed when Islamist gunmen invaded a poorly guarded temple across the River Nile from Luxor . The Luxor massacre , Khalil writes , was an important first stone in the path to January 2011 . It crippled whatever sympathy some Egyptians might have had toward Islamic militant groups , and it launched the career of Habib al-Adly , who became interior minister under Mubarak . Photos : Looking back at Egypt 's uprising At the time of the Luxor massacre , Egyptian police were given a blank check to go after Islamist groups . But the force also became something much darker , an "  unchecked and unchallenged " authority that bullied Egyptians of all backgrounds . The police spied on and intimidated newspaper editors , business leaders , university professors and judges . "  You heard anger boiling up about the police from every corner of Egyptian life , but it was hushed because there was such intense fear , " Khalil said . Al-Adly is believed to be Mubarak 's right-hand man in the security forces ' violent actions against protesters . Despite being beaten , tear-gassed and shot at , demonstrators rallied , specifically demanding al-Adly 's dismissal . In February , just weeks after Mubarak was ousted , Egypt froze al-Adly 's bank accounts , banned him from traveling and arrested him . He was sentenced in May to 12 years in prison for money laundering and abuse of office . Mubarak , meanwhile , is on trial in Egypt , accused of corruption and ordering the deaths of protesters . The former president suddenly fell ill after his resignation . Watching him get wheeled into the courtroom on a stretcher , Khalil is reminded of the Mubarak of 1999 , who ran an over-the-top campaign to remain in office . It was a joke , the journalist said , because Mubarak was the only candidate on the ticket . "  I was witness to so many fake elections , but  this election  was like Stanlinist level of worship , like something you 'd see in North Korea . All the billboards and the newspapers were filled with  photos and editorials  venerating this guy , " Khalil said . "  It did n't reflect the way people really felt . " The propaganda was all the more fascinating because it served as a backdrop for small protests against the regime that popped up throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s . Several took place on Cairo University 's campus . The demonstrations focused on foreign policy issues involving Israel , and government security quickly disbanded them . Those moments of protest never caught on in other parts of the country , or gelled much with anyone outside the university , because the demonstrators failed to agree on a unified message , Khalil writes . Some wanted to call out Mubarak by name , while others profoundly feared doing that . Islamist protesters wanted the focus to remain entirely on Israel , leaving the president out of it . 2011 's uprising was successful , many observers agreed , because demonstrators were on the same page about what they wanted and how to get it . "  Liberation Square " delves into a forgotten but highly significant footnote in the protests in Egypt . On the night that the United States led the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , a crowd gathered in Tahrir Square to rally against Mubarak 's allowing U.S. ships to take position in the Suez Canal . Against the odds , the demonstrators overwhelmed security forces sent to disperse them and tore down a huge poster of Mubarak outside an office of his National Democratic Party . Wael Khalil , a longtime Egyptian activist who helped fuel 2011 's movement , was at that rally . He remembers the night in "  Liberation Square . " "  The tone of anti-Mubarak sentiment and the focus on the question of democracy really started then , " Wael Khalil said . "  It started with ` Down with America ' and turned to ` Down with Mubarak . ' " For the rest of the decade , there were more fits and starts of protests and crackdowns while dissident expression took root in the arts and pop culture . Disgust with the regime 's enforcement of sexual purity was mocked by a farcical movie that became an underground hit about young people going around Cairo trying to find a secret place to watch a porno . A novel that mocked Egypt 's class system became a best-seller and was made into a film . But the tipping point for 2011 's revolution came just as it had in the preceding Tunisian revolution : with the death of a young person pushed to extraordinary action . Khaled Said , a 28-year-old computer wiz , was arrested in June 2010 by Egyptian police while he sat at an Internet cafÃ © in Alexandria . Witnesses said police beat him to death . A postmortem picture of his mangled face was posted on the Web and went viral . "  Liberation Square " includes intimate interviews with Said 's close friends , activists inspired by his death , witnesses to the night Said died and bloggers who repeatedly posted a picture of a living , handsome Said next to his morgue photo . In October , two Egyptian police officers were found guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to seven years for Said 's death . The pictures of Said are still fresh in most Egyptians ' memory . "  I think a lot of Egyptians are just exhausted . They are weary . They are realizing this is the first year mark of a 10-year process , " Khalil said . "  But what they did , and what they want to do , is still clear . " Khalil says elections in 2012 will almost certainly inspire more protests and clashes between authorities and the people , seen most vividly in November and December . Economically , Egyptians will continue to struggle as tourism and foreign investment wanes . "  There should n't be a rush to decide what will happen in Egypt , " he said . "  I 'm confident , and I think Tahrir showed us , that Egyptians have an incredible determination to get it right . "	One year ago January 25 , protesters began gathering in Tahrir Square Egyptian-American reporter says that many events over years led to uprising Ashraf Khalil : Many in Egypt say current struggle is "  victory in itself "
CNN  -- The backlash over Rolling Stone 's cover photo of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev led to the release of new photos of his capture Thursday , images a police photographer said show "  the real Boston bomber . " In contrast to the tousle-haired , placid-looking 19-year-old on the front of the magazine , the new pictures show Tsarnaev emerging from the boat where he was cornered -- his face smeared with blood , his skin ashen in the laser glow from snipers ' gun sights . In one , he pulls up his shirt , apparently showing he has no weapon underneath ; in another , he slumps across the deck of the trailered boat , his bloodied arm hanging down . The pictures were taken by Massachusetts State Police Sgt. Sean Murphy and published online by Boston Magazine on Thursday afternoon . Boston Marathon Terror Attack : Fast Facts In a statement accompanying the photos , Murphy called the Rolling Stone cover "  an insult " and "  hurtful " to survivors of the April 15 bombings . "  This guy is evil , " Murphy said . "  This is the real Boston bomber . Not someone fluffed and buffed for the cover of Rolling Stone magazine . " John Wolfson , Boston Magazine 's editor in chief , said the magazine has hundreds of similar photos and will publish more in its September issue . He said Murphy was "  conflicted on some level " about releasing the photos , but "  genuinely worried " about how the Rolling Stone cover will affect the victims ' families . "  I think he was also worried that certain impressionable people might be lured to replicate that by the kind of glamorous-looking photo that is on the Rolling Stone cover , " Wolfson told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " Woman gets new leg - and new life - after Boston bombings A Massachusetts State Police spokesman said that the agency had not authorized the photos ' release . "  Today 's dissemination to Boston Magazine of photographs of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev and police activity related to his capture was not authorized by the Massachusetts State Police , " spokesman David Procopio said in a statement issued Thursday night . "  The department will not release the photographs to media outlets . The State Police will have no further comment on this matter tonight . " Procopio told CNN late Thursday night that Murphy had been relieved of duty for one day and will have a status hearing to determine whether he will be on full duty , restricted duty or suspended during an internal police investigation . The hearing will likely be next week , Procopio said . Murphy could not be immediately reached for comment . Tsarnaev is awaiting trial on federal charges in the Boston Marathon bombings , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 on April 15 . In addition , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer was shot to death during the dramatic pursuit of Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , who was killed during a gun battle with police . Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty . Did missed connections in murder case open door to Boston bombings ? Rolling Stone has defended its decision to profile Tsarnaev , whom the same cover called a "  monster . " The magazine said the story "  falls within the traditions of journalism and Rolling Stone 's long-standing commitment to serious and thoughtful coverage of the most important political and cultural issues of our day . " But the cover photo has sparked fury on social media and prompted several retail chains to pull the issue from their racks . Still , some people seemed eager to sell it . By Thursday , the eBay auction website listed dozens of copies of the controversial edition of Rolling Stone for sale . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Laura Batchelor contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : The sergeant who took photos of Tsarnaev was relieved of duty for one day New photos of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev show "  the real Boston bomber , " photographer says The pictures show a bloodied , ashen Tsarnaev emerging from a trailered boat It 's part of the backlash against Rolling Stone 's cover photo of the bombing suspect
JUAREZ , Mexico  CNN  -- Jose Molinar knew something was n't right . He had n't heard from his wife for a few hours , which was not sitting well with him . Marisella Molinar was killed while driving her boss , a target of cartels , across the border into El Paso , Texas . Marisella Molinar worked as a secretary for a top prosecutor in Juarez , Mexico , Jesus Huerta Yedra . She was employed in the office for more than 10 years and though she lived across the border in El Paso , Texas , with her husband , she drove about 20 minutes over the Juarez-El Paso border every day to the job she loved . The growing violence over rival drug cartels had concerned the couple , but Mexico was a part of their lives and they were sure the violence stayed between rival drug gangs , who were fighting over a lucrative drug route into the United States . Without fail , Marisella Molinar would call her husband every day when she arrived to work , went out for lunch and when she was leaving the office . But on December 3 , 2008 , by around 5:30 p.m. , Jose Molinar still had n't heard from his wife . He called the office in Mexico and was told she was giving her boss a ride over the border so he could do some Christmas shopping . Jose Molinar turned on his television , and his life changed forever . "  As soon as the image came up , I saw her truck , " said Molinar , who was watching the news out of Juarez , "  and I knew what happened right then and there . " Watch Jose Molinar talk about the moment he knew his wife was killed " Marisella Molinar was in the wrong place at the wrong time . Her passenger , Jesus Huerta Yedra , was a target of the cartels that day . As Molinar 's car was about a mile away from the border crossing back to the United States , gunmen walked up to her car and fired 85 rounds from an AK-47 into their intended target . One shot hit Marisella Molinar , a mother of two and proud grandmother , in the chest , killing her instantly . "  She was n't involved , she did n't have anything to do with this ! " said Jose Molinar in a recent interview with CNN . "  She was the guy 's secretary and she was giving him a ride to meet his wife here in El Paso who was Christmas shopping . " But instead of making it home to help her husband hang Christmas lights , Marisella Molinar became yet another victim in the drug war taking place just steps from the U.S. border . The violence generated by the war of the drug cartels for control of drug routes translated last year into some 6,000 killings . More than 1,600 of them occurred in Juarez , three times more than the most murderous city in the United States . This year , in two months , the body count in Juarez is 400 . Mexican military and police in riot gear now patrol the once popular streets of Juarez . Gone are the Americans shopping , dining and partying . The bars and restaurants are shuttered -- many closed for good . Americans do n't come here anymore . In March 2008 , the Mexican military joined with Mexican states and local law enforcement in the fight against drug cartels in border cities . Mexican President Felipe Calderon has waged a war against business as usual with the cartels who controlled drug routes through Mexico and into the United States . The fallout has led rival drug gangs to launch all-out war not only with the military , but also with each other , because the once-established drug routes are now up for grabs . The violence has been the worst in Juarez , where cartels have killed police officers , forced the chief of police to resign and threatened public officials . "  They started killing police officers , and not when they were doing police work , but when they were coming out of their homes and getting into their cars to go to the police station , " said Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz , whose own family has recently received death threats . At the city 's only morgue , bodies are piling up . The mayor said there are far too many dead for the small facility to handle . The majority of the dead are unidentified members of the cartels . Just last week , the mayor said , 50 corpses were buried in mass graves because no one claimed the bodies . Officials from both sides of the border said the drug war may go on for years . Beheadings , bodies riddled with gunfire and blood-stained streets will continue daily , they said . They added that the appetite for illegal drugs is too great in the United States , and the drug routes are too lucrative for the battles to end . "  It 's not going to be won quickly , " said Enrique Torres , a spokesman for the Mexican government , adding that the Mexican president is committed to fighting the cartels . "  He ca n't talk about a time frame in this type of situation . We know the monster is big , but we do n't have an idea of how big it is . "	Marisella Molinar , a secretary , was killed nearly a mile from her U.S. home Husband : "  She was n't involved , she did n't have anything to do with this ! " More than 1,600 deaths in Juarez last year , 400 already this year Cartels have killed cops , forced police chief to resign , threatened public officials
CNN  -- A federal jury has rejected a lawsuit by actor Stephen Baldwin and a New Orleans businessman that claimed actor Kevin Costner and others tricked them out of millions of dollars in a dispute stemming from the 2010 Gulf oil spill , an attorney for Baldwin said Friday . Baldwin and Spyridon Contogouris had said the fellow actor fooled them into selling their stock in a company that made oil spill cleanup machines the same week that BP placed a $ 52 million order for the technology . The decision against Baldwin was made Thursday evening . "  The jury was doing their best to understand everything in a ... seemingly complicated issue , " Costner told CNN affiliate WWL . "  They were really smart , " he said ; it was "  my good luck that they saw the truth of the story . " Baldwin 's attorney , James Cobb , said he was disappointed with the decision . "  We believe we put on a case sufficient for the jury to find in our favor , " he told the station . "  The jury found the other way . " "  Stephen was confident and hopeful of a verdict , but he was disappointed , " Cobb added . "  But he is accepting of it . " The oil separation technology was developed in the 1990s by a company created by Costner , but Baldwin became involved while in New Orleans to produce a documentary about the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2010 . Baldwin and Contogouris decided to sell their stock soon after getting it because of differences with other shareholders , according to the lawsuit . They signed an agreement to sell their shares to Patrick Smith , who then transferred them to a company partly owned by Costner , on June 11 , 2010 . BP announced on June 15 , 2010 , it would lease 32 machines from the company . If Smith and Costner had told them BP was placing a huge order , they would not have sold , the suit said . The 10 % of the company that Baldwin sold for $ 500,000 should have been worth $ 3.8 million , while the 28 % stake sold by Contogouris for $ 1.4 million was worth $ 10.6 million , the suit said . Lawyers for Costner and Smith say Baldwin and Contogouris sold their stock "  with eyes wide open , to get out of a soured business relationship and to invest in other ventures . " They knew that BP might place the order , a defense filing said . It was widely reported in the news and Costner testified about it to Congress two days before the stock sale . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report	Baldwin and a businessman sued , alleging Costner had fooled them into selling stock Baldwin 's attorney , James Cobb , said he was disappointed with the decision "  They were really smart , " Costner said of jurors , " ... they saw the truth of the story " The oil separation technology was developed in the 1990s by a company created by Costner
EW.com  -- Shailene Woodley has been offered the role of Hazel Grace Lancaster in the adaptation of John Green 's "  The Fault in Our Stars . " "  During our exhaustive search to find Hazel Grace Lancaster , I saw some stunning auditions by today 's finest young actresses , " director Josh Boone tells EW in an exclusive statement . "  Over 250 girls read for the part , but it was n't until Shailene stepped in front of the camera that I truly saw Hazel for the first time . It was like lightning striking . I ca n't wait for the rest of the world to see what I have . " The best selling "  The Fault in Our Stars " by John Green  and an EW Best Fiction of 2012 pick  tells the story of Gus and Hazel , two teenagers who meet in a cancer support group and fall in love .  From the EW review : "  Their ensuing love story is as real as it is doomed , and the gut-busting laughs that come early in the novel make the luminous final pages all the more heartbreaking . " Producer Wyck Godfrey  who knows a little something about adapting popular YA novels to the big screen as he worked on all the Twilight movies  says , "  When choosing the writers , director and now our first actor for Fault we 've gone with the people that have had the strongest , most emotional and insightful connection to the material . Shailene 's love of the book and dedication to the character was evident in not only her pursuit of the role but her delivery of the essence of Hazel in her audition . I have no doubt that she will deliver a Hazel that will floor both fans of the book and those who have yet to be introduced to the transcendent story of The Fault in Our Stars . " ` DWTS , ' ` Dallas , ' ` Real Housewives ' recaps "  I am absolutely thrilled that Shailene will be playing Hazel in The Fault in Our Stars , " John Green says . "  It means a lot to me that she is a fan of the book , and I know from our conversations that she has a profound understanding of Hazel . Watching her audition , I felt like Hazel Grace Lancaster was talking to me . It was eerie -- and very exciting . " ` Cougar Town ' sneak peek : Dodgeball love ! It 's clearly going to be a very busy time for Woodley : not only is she currently at work playing Mary Jane Watson in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , she 'll soon start production on Divergent , playing heroine Beatrice Prior , in the adaptation of Veronica Roth 's popular YA series . The book will be adapted for the screen by  500  Days of Summer and The Spectacular Now writers Scott Neustadter and Michael Weber . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Shailene Woodley will star in "  The Fault in Our Stars " She 'll play Hazel Grace Lancaster in the adaptation of John Green 's novel "  Stars " tells the story of two teenagers who meet in a cancer support group
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded Thursday at a northwest Pakistan camp for internally displaced people , killing 12 people and injuring 32 others , police said . The Jalozai camp is located about 35 kilometers  22 miles  outside of Peshawar and houses hundreds of thousands of people who have left the country 's volatile tribal region . Authorities estimate the car contained 30-35 kilograms  66-77 lbs  of explosive material . Three other vehicles were destroyed in the blast . People at the camp were returning after receiving their rations -- packages containing basic supplies like rice , flour and soap , according to Noor Akbar Afridi , the head of the camp . About 200,00 people live at the camp . Some of those injured and killed were with a World Food Program affiliate that distributes the food aid . Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , of which Peshawar is the capital , is rife with Islamic extremists and has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants . It was formerly known as the North West Frontier Province , a name assigned during the British colonial rule . The ruling party changed the name to reflect the province 's majority Pashtun population .	NEW : About 200,00 people live at the camp . The camp houses internally displaced people from northwestern Pakistan An estimated 30-35 kilograms of explosives were used in the car bomb Militants have a strong presence in the region , which borders Afghanistan .
New York  CNN  -- A U.S. citizen has been arrested in the Times Square bombing probe , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced early Tuesday . Faisal Shahzad was arrested at JFK airport in New York as he prepared to board a flight to Dubai , Holder said . "  It is clear the intent behind this terrorist act was to kill Americans , " Holder said . "  We will not rest until we bring everyone responsible to justice . " Law enforcement officials said the suspect is the person who bought the Nissan Pathfinder used in the bombing attempt . Earlier , a law enforcement official said the buyer is a naturalized U.S. citizen from Pakistan , and that investigators are looking at more than one person in connection with the unsuccessful bombing . CNN has learned that the Joint Terrorism Task Force investigating the bombing attempt is considering the possibility that the attempt involved more than just a "  lone wolf . " According to a source familiar with the investigation , investigators believe the plan was an intended terrorist attack to set off explosives in the heart of midtown Manhattan on Saturday night , but the individuals did n't have the expertise to detonate their device . The Nissan Pathfinder had been sold three weeks ago in a cash deal with no paperwork exchanged , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN earlier Monday . The $ 1,800 deal was closed at a Connecticut shopping mall , where the buyer handed over the money and drove off , the source said . The seller described the buyer as a man in his late 20s to early 30s , and investigators are checking into phone records between the two , the source said . A bomb made up of propane tanks , fertilizer and gasoline failed to detonate inside the SUV . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said the device could have produced "  a significant fireball " in the heart of Midtown Manhattan on Saturday night had it detonated properly . Earlier , authorities said they were searching for two people they wanted to question in connection with the would-be bomb . A video obtained from a tourist in the area shows a person apparently running north on Broadway , while another video shows a balding man with dark hair removing a shirt and putting it in a bag before walking out of view of the camera , which was inside a restaurant . "  These are not suspects , " Kelly said . "  These are people we would like to speak to . " The question of who was behind the failed bomb attempt was the subject of intense scrutiny Monday . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said investigators have some "  good leads , " but he declined to elaborate . And Kelly said it was "  too early to say " whether the attempt was carried out by a lone wolf , international terrorists , or any other type of network . Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud appeared on a video released less than 24 hours after the attempt , claiming Taliban fighters were prepared to inflict "  extremely painful blows " in major U.S. cities . But a senior U.S. military official said there was no "  credible evidence " at the early stages of the investigation that the Pakistani Taliban was responsible for the Times Square bomb incident . And one counterintelligence official told CNN there was no evidence of any communications among terrorist organizations overseas about the device after Saturday night 's attempt . "  People overseas were not giving high fives ... or saying anything about the bomb not working , " the official said . "  There is no indication that there was that kind of tie . " Another U.S. official with direct awareness of the latest U.S. understanding of the incident said the Pakistani group has never shown "  trans-national capabilities " like other groups , such as al Qaeda . But such a possibility is "  not something one can rule out at this early stage , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the information . But Pakistan 's Taliban movement has been linked to a 2008 plot to blow up subway stations in the Spanish city of Barcelona , and at least two of the 11 men convicted in the plot came to Barcelona from Pakistan , Spanish prosecutors said . And Jim Cavanaugh , a former agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said the bomber could have been "  internationally inspired , " but the device showed little sign that a group like al Qaeda was behind it . "  Their bombs would be better funded , better fused , better materials , better knowledge , " he said . The device inside the Pathfinder was made up of propane tanks , gasoline and fertilizer that turned out to be of a non-explosive grade , along with a metal pot containing wiring and firecrackers . More firecrackers were found in a can on the back seat of the vehicle , sandwiched between two full , five-gallon gasoline cans and connected by wires to clocks . Cavanaugh called the bomb "  a Rube Goldberg contraption " that would have been difficult to set off . "  That does not mean that the bomb 's not deadly , " he said . Someone close by could be hurt or killed . "  But it 's not a very reliable working system , a fusing and firing system , at all , " he told CNN . Kevin Barry , a former New York bomb squad member , said the device had "  no known signature " -- a style of construction that might link it to known terrorist groups . That suggests it was the work of either an individual or a new organization , said Barry , who is now an adviser to the International Association of Bomb Technicians and Investigators . Barry said the detonating mechanism lacked the energy needed to properly set off the explosion . New York police have been examining the device for clues such as fingerprints , hair and fibers since Saturday . The vehicle and bomb components were taken to the FBI 's forensic laboratory in Quantico , Virginia , on Monday , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said Monday evening . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Susan Candiotti , Barbara Starr , Jeanne Meserve , Kathleen Johnston and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Faisal Shahzad was arrested at JFK airport in New York NEW : Suspect is the person who bought a SUV used in the bombing attempt , authorities said SUV in New York bomb plot was bought for cash with no paperwork exchanged
CNN  -- Wine-making in Georgia has been an integral part of the country 's culture for millennia ; so ingrained is viticulture in the country that imagery of grapevines can be seen adorning churches and public monuments . But a Russian embargo on Georgian wine imports imposed in 2006 has meant its vineyards have been transformed more in the last six years than the previous 8,000 . Until the embargo , the country of 4.5 million people in the Caucasus region sold around 50 % of its wine to Russia . A year after it was cut off from its biggest market , sales dropped by a further 25 % , according to the Ministry of Agriculture of Georgia . Safety concerns were the official reason behind the Russian ban on all beverages imported from Georgia , although many within the wine industry believe the move was politically motivated . "  In 2004 the wine industry started its reforms and by 2006  counterfeiting and sub-standard quality wine  was partly solved , " says Levan Davitashvili , of Schuchmann Wines , an independent winery in Georgia . While little known to most wine drinkers in western countries , Georgia has traditionally had a reputation for producing the best quality wine from the region , especially among former Soviet states . With over 500 endemic varieties of grapes it is one of the world 's most diverse for types of wine , with most families owning small vineyards using traditional wine-making methods -- typically in huge , underground amphorae-like vessels called "  qveri " . Yet its good reputation was diluted by counterfeiting that increased during the late 1990s and early part of the last decade . One of the most common ways to produce fakes was to pass off substandard wine , sometimes not made in Georgia at all , as a better quality product . "  In the bottle its grape juice or wine from elsewhere but it bared the label of Georgian appellation , " says Irakli Cholobargia of the Georgian National Wine Agency . "  The other type of counterfeit is n't wine in the bottle at all , but something else like juice of radish or carrots with alcohol . " Cholobargia says that is was easy to spot the fakes even before drinking them because they were sold a much cheaper price than the authentic wines . Despite Cholobargia 's contention that the counterfeiting was limited , fakes would turn up in other markets apart from Russia even as far as the U.S. . The Baltic states of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania have been a substantial export market for Georgian wine and some estimates have suggested that before 2006 there was twice as much fake Georgian wine as authentic sold there . "  Georgia 's wine players all suffered because of the name infringement and it hit the reputation of Georgian wine overall , " says Cholobargia . The result of the embargo and loss of the biggest export market was that many wine-makers simply had to close while those that survived had to upgrade their facilities and quality . Many , like Schuchmann Wines , have recast themselves as boutique vineyards with an eye to tapping into the western market . Previously known as Vinoterra and founded in 2002 by a small group of Georgian winemakers near the eastern city of Telavi , it was bought by German investor and wine aficionado Burkhard Schuchmann in 2008 . The aim was to provide a higher quality wine that would impress European wine drinkers . "  Western consumers have better expectations rather than those who have an established history of drinking Georgian wines , " says Davitashvili , who also says that the 300,000 bottles that Schuchmann Wine produces each year could be expanded to one million as China 's thirst for wine increases each year . While sales of Georgian wine have been increasing for the last three years , it could still take another five years for the volume of sales to surpass pre-2006 levels , according to Cholobargia . With only 45,000 hectares of vineyards  one of the world 's largest wine producers , Spain , has over one million hectares  , Georgian wine will always be a relatively bespoke operation . "  But if we get back the same volume  as 2006  the value will also go up , " says Cholobargia . Since 2004 the Georgian government has taken steps to protect and encourage the industry , legally reclaiming Georgian names from companies registered in Israel and the U.S. , and in April an agreement with the EU came into effect on mutual protection of trademarked food and drink . "  Wine is very important for the country , " says Cholobargia . "  It 's one of the high quality products of the country . The key instrument to raise awareness , plus the uniqueness gives us the opportunity to attract international attention . " CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports .	Georgia is thought to be the world 's oldest wine producing area History of wine-making stretches goes back over 8,000 years Russian embargo on Georgian wine since 2006 initially hit industry hard Many producers have improved quality and looked for new markets
Washington  CNN  -- Federal authorities indicted and arrested more than 100 doctors , nurses and health care executives nationwide Thursday in what officials said was the biggest crackdown ever in a single day in connection with Medicare fraud . "  We are pleased to announce the largest federal health care fraud takedown in our nation 's history , " proclaimed Attorney General Eric Holder . Holder said that at the time of the midday news conference in Washington , the number of arrests stood at 111 and was expected to increase later in the day . The false billings to defraud Medicare totaled $ 225 million , Holder said . The arrests occurred in nine cities . Thirty-two defendants including two doctors and eight nurses were charged in Miami with various fraud schemes . Another 21 defendants were charged in Detroit , along with 11 in Chicago ; 10 in Brooklyn , New York ; 10 in Tampa , Florida ; nine in Houston ; seven in Dallas ; six in Baton Rouge , Louisiana ; and five in Los Angeles . "  Doctors , nurses , and medical professionals from Los Angeles to New York and cities in between have cheated taxpayers and patients alike by defrauding the Medicare program , " declared Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer . "  Medical professionals charge for phantom procedures and unnecessary equipment . Kickbacks dictate treatment . Fraud drives prescriptions . Criminals profit , and taxpayers foot the bill , " Breuer said . Officials from the Justice Department and the Department of Health and Human Services said the cost of enforcing health care fraud laws is proving to be a good financial investment . Last year , federal agencies recovered a record $ 4 billion from fraudsters . "  From 2008 to 2010 , every dollar the federal government spent under its health care fraud and abuse control programs averaged a return on investment  of  $ 6.80 , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said . With the growing pot of federal money for Medicare expected to increase by more than $ 6 trillion in the next decade , officials said they recognize the potential allure of Medicare to potential fraudsters and to organized crime groups . FBI Executive Assistant Director Shawn Henry said all citizens will feel the pinch of health care fraud . "  You will absolutely feel the financial impact , " Henry said . "  Like a pickpocket , you 'll just feel the pinch in a different way : higher health care costs , higher insurance premiums and more expensive prescription drugs . "	In Miami , 32 people -- including two doctors and eight nurses -- were charged Other cities with double-digit defendants were Chicago , Brooklyn and Tampa , Florida False Medicare billings totaled $ 225 million , Attorney Eric General Holder says
Washington  CNN  -- Flights transporting critically injured Haitians into the United States will resume within a few hours , the White House announced Sunday afternoon . The flights were temporarily suspended because of logistical issues including space to care for the injured , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said Saturday . "  Having received assurances that additional capacity exists both here and among our international partners , we determined that we can resume these critical flights , " he said in a statement Sunday . Full coverage The statement , released Sunday afternoon , said flights would resume "  in the next 12 hours . " The evacuated patients are those whose medical needs could not be met by doctors working in Haiti . Nearly 23,000 people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 earthquake , Vietor said . Some volunteer American doctors in Haiti expect the flights to resume at 11 a.m. Monday , according to Nery Ynclan , a spokeswoman for Dr. Barth Green , of the University of Miami , who is leading a team of volunteers in Port-au-Prince . Airlifts stopped after there were "  concerns about the strain on domestic health capacity , " Vietor said . But officials have increased the ability to care for patients through a network of nonprofits and U.S. hospitals , he said . But earlier reports also cited questions over who would pay for patients ' care . The missing , the found , the victims The flights stopped Wednesday when some states refused to allow entry to Haitians needing care , according to Navy Capt. Kevin Aandahl , a spokesman for the U.S. Transportation Command . He would not say which states objected . In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius obtained by CNN , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist asked that the federal government activate the National Disaster Medical System to provide reimbursement to Florida and other states for taking in the patients , who have no insurance . Florida 's health facilities were already strained by winter tourism and seasonal residence migration , Crist said in the letter . But Florida officials said Saturday that the state was committed to assisting Haitian quake victims and had not asked the airlifts be halted . Florida will play a role in caregiving once flights resume . The state has identified medical facilities that could take in victims , Vietor said in Sunday 's statement . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	White House spokesman : Flights had been temporarily suspended because of logistical issues Spokesman says there were "  concerns about the strain on domestic health capacity " Evacuated patients are those whose medical needs could n't be met in Haiti after quake White House has "  received assurances that additional capacity exists "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea 's bipolar swings between nuclear provocation and fawning overtures for talks now form part of a familiar pattern . As recently as March , Pyongyang was warning the United States of "  a simmering nuclear war " and cut its hotline with South Korea . But in the past week , media reports say it has been taking down the ubiquitous anti-American billboards that line the streets of the North Korean capital , suggesting that dialogue , after all , may be possible . The well-worn formula of ratcheting up the tension and then standing back to see what concessions can be extracted from a rattled international community was a favored tactic of Kim Jong Un 's father Kim Jong Il who was a master of brinkmanship . But with China and North Korea holding strategic talks in Beijing on Wednesday , analysts are asking whether this time , everything could be different . Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , project director at the International Crisis Group , says that while there are new elements to the discourse between North Korea and the international community , little of substance has changed . "  It seems to be the usual dance where we are in the charm offensive period and North Korea is reaching out for talks , " Kleine-Ahlbrandt said , adding that North Korea was fully conscious that each party to the previous six-party talks between North Korea , South Korea , China , the United States , Japan and Russia had been pursuing their agenda . "  I think it 's plausible that North Korea is trying to see if they can divide some of the six parties because they realize that the Chinese are looking for talks primarily and I think they realize that the U.S. wants conditions for talks . " The U.S. has previously stated that concrete movement on North Korea 's U.N. obligations to de-nuclearize were a pre-condition of talks . She said the feeling in Washington , however , was that the U.S. was not rushing towards talks . "  I think that China , meanwhile , wants to inflict limited pain on North Korea to get them to cease provocations and to get back to talks and to frankly stop making China lose face , " she said . China -- which committed as many three million troops to secure North Korea during the Korean War in the 1950s -- is Pyongyang 's closest ally but has grown increasingly impatient with its Stalinist neighbor , repeatedly urging it to rejoin the six-party negotiations . Kleine-Ahlbrandt said there was a sense that North Korea had overplayed its hand . "  This escalation and brinkmanship was n't done with any of the calibration that we 're used to seeing during the Kim Jong Il era , which managed to  provoke  but gave China the ability to maintain its position , " she said . Nevertheless , she said the sense in China was that North Korea was a wayward child and had to be brought into line and part of this could be urging the United States to adopt a more flexible position on talks . "  Their  China 's  anger over North Korea is very different from our anger , " she added . "  Beijing believes that North Korea 's insecurity needs to be alleviated , not intensified . " Lee Jung-Hoon , Associate Professor of International Relations at Yonsei University in Seoul , said the fact that other six-party members were talking with each other -- notably the United States and South Korea and most recently China and the United States -- was making Pyongyang apprehensive . "  They 've been taken aback by this series of summit meetings , " Lee said . "  They do n't want to be pushed into a corner and I think that 's what they 're feeling at this juncture especially since Xi Jinping has been very adamant about the de-nuclearization of North Korea . " He said that recent rhetoric coming out of North Korea showed the regime to be increasingly desperate . "  I do believe that the regime is extremely unstable and insecure , therefore it 's making all these frantic efforts , " Lee said . "  Even them wanting to hang on to nuclear weapons is an act of desperation as well -- they believe it 's the only thing that would ensure the regime 's survival . " China is currently banking on its provinces bordering North Korea -- known as the Three Northeast Province -- becoming a new economic zone and is plowing billions into infrastructure development in the region . Lee said China believes that part of the reason that the zone has not been as successful as planned has been due to North Korea . "  To develop that whole region is something that China very much wants to kick-start , " he said . "  Now there are voices within China raising the question , ` Why are we holding onto this relic regime which is going against China 's national interests ? ' " "  I do n't ' think we 're looking at a major overhaul of China 's North Korea policy but I think they are beginning to think of the possibility of ` what if ? ' and how will this play out as far as China 's economic development is concerned . "	North Korea swings between provocation and negotiation Analysts say North Korean diplomacy follows a familiar pattern The U.S. insists de-nuclearization is a pre-condition of talks Analysts say North Korea 's behavior is now an embarrassment to China
CNN  -- The world 's best female golfer , Lorena Ochoa of Mexico , has exclusively revealed to CNN that a meeting with Tiger Woods in her youth inspired her to become the player she is today . Tiger Woods and Lorena Ochoa pose at the Golf Writer 's Association of America Awards in 2007 . The pair first met at Tory Pines when both competing in the Junior World Championships , an event that Woods won a record six times and Ochoa has won five . The two then met again 15 years later at the Golf Writer 's Association of America Awards where both were named players of the year . Ochoa , 27 , told CNN 's Living Golf program the meeting had a big impact on her : "  You do n't realize the importance of things until you 're older and look back . I 'm just glad it worked out the way it did for us . "  He was boy and I was a girl , we were both young and we did n't know what we were doing . I did n't see him for another 15 years , but I reminded him and showed him the pictures and he was like "  wow " . " Ochoa , who started playing golf aged just five-years-old , has now won 26 LPGA Tour titles but said despite the success it has been harder to sustain her number one spot than it was to attain it . "  It 's harder to stay number one than getting there - if you get distracted or stop practicing you can very easily lose your position . Ochoa overtook Annika Sörenstam to become the world number one ranked golfer in 2007 and since has won two majors , including the Women 's British Open and the Kraft Nabisco Championship . The Mexican also picked up the Honda LPGA Thailand recently but says her drive to win more remains the same : "  My life has changed a lot . I 've been preparing myself to get to that position so it did n't take me by surprise . It took me five years from turning professional to becoming the number on in the world . It 's not easy but it 's been a lot of fun and I want to stay here . " The next major championship for Ochoa to set her sights on will be the McDonald 's LPGA Championship on June 11-14 .	Lorena Ochoa and Tiger Woods first met at the Junior World Championships Ochoa has won 26 LPGA titles since turning professional The Mexican started playing the game aged five
CHENNAI , India  CNN  -- Sipping a sweet lime juice on the rooftop bar of a designer hotel in Chennai , Vinod Harith looks the epitome of a relaxed , confident young Indian entrepreneur . High hopes : Vinod , left , and Pramod Harith set up thier marketing outsourcing company . But setting up his marketing outsourcing company just seven months ago was far from a relaxing experience . It 's a recent memory that still provokes a momentary look of discomfort . "  It was just painful , " he says with a wry smile . It seems that despite the potential riches to be had by tapping in to all the talent , energy and potential in India , going it alone is still a unique experience in the country , even for those who are used to working there . Multinational companies may be finding their path into the world of Indian business smooth , but that official approach has n't trickled down to India 's burgeoning business brains with billionaire aspirations . "  If you 're a large company trying to set up a subsidiary and you want to set up in India , a lot of that bureaucracy has gone away , but not for an entrepreneur , " says Harith who previously worked for Wipro Technologies . From getting a bank account to securing a line of credit , the same rigid attitude from officialdom remains with decisions made at a glacial place . "  The government ministry has not been so fast to change . It 's become easier , but still a lot of that thinking has not gone away , " he said . Harith and his brother Pramod even had trouble registering the name of their company , CMOaxis . "  We called the company CMOaxis , which stands for Chief Marketing Officer , but for a long time could n't get the name approved by the registrar of companies here , because they said CMO means Chief Minister 's Office . So we had a really tough time , just convincing people . " But for the 36-year-old Vinod seeing the bigger picture and potential of his company was worth of all the aggravation . An October 2007 report into the marketing sector by First Research put its value at around $ 8 billion . A year on , the potential value might still be there , but tapping in to it during an economic downturn as investors and companies return to "  studying the market " will be the big challenge . "  Despite so many global funds being in India it 's still very difficult for a start-up to get funding . " It certainly is for first time entrepreneurs , as Harith suggests that those with a family history in business or politics where it 's easier to secure backing find things much easier . "  In PR first generation entrepreneur successes are still there but you can count them on the fingers of one hand . "  The understanding just is n't there in a part of India that is more used to the garment industry and traditional forms of business , " says Pramod Harith , Vinod 's brother and business partner . Different industries , same problems 700 miles  1,127 kilometers  away in Pune , Jesh Krishna Murthy is busy with his fledgling animation company Anibrain . After 13 years working abroad he returned to India to find the same frustrations as the Hariths in setting up the business . "  If you are going to do business in India , there is a lot of red tape and corruption . You have to learn to deal with , but it is very frustrating . If you 're caught up in some regulation and the laws are kind of ambiguous and there 's no right or wrong the authorities can give you a lot of trouble , " he said . If you ca n't deal with it , then you 're doing business in the wrong country . It is stupid , but part and parcel of being in India . " Krishna Murthy brought much of Anibrain 's business contacts with him , doing post-production graphics on films such as "  Lust Caution " John Woo 's "  Red Cliff " and big budget Hollywood flicks , much of the hard work comes in maintaining quality . "  Getting the job is the easier part ; it 's delivering it to the quality that 's expected and with the service levels that expected that the harder part . We work on that day in and day out , " he said . Having worked abroad he has an acute understanding of the differences between various work cultures and attitudes and the thought of working for a graphics company in India was almost unthinkable . "  There was no lack of talent in terms of the animators , but the way in which the animation studios were managed was lacking . "  I found it disheartening that the people who were managing these companies only cared about the hardware and how much money was pumped into the software , forgetting that it 's about people . I would have gone crazy working for people like that , especially having worked abroad , " he said At Anibrain employees have a five-day week and something closer to a 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. working day , compared to the more typical Indian routine of working 6 days a week , starting at 1pm and working until around midnight . With a more western work culture at Anibrain , Krishna Murthy 's company is still in the minority , although Pune has become something of a creative design hub attracting similar companies with like-minded attitudes , thanks to it 's proximity to Mumbai , but better quality of life , and the high quality of its universities and training colleges . Changing attitudes Facing rigid attitudes from clients has been a challenge for both Krishna Murthy and the Hariths , but there is the potentially bigger task of changing attitudes closer to home . "  The mindset has changed in South India , thanks to the growth in the IT sector here and rise in entrepreneurs . Until this happened , doing business was not thought of as a very hot thing to do -- in traditional families in South India , if you 're doing business then there 's something wrong with you , " said Harith . Vinod and Pramod were both born and raised in Chennai and the desire to blaze their own trail and be part of the positive changes to business and society in their hometown was one of their motivating forces . For Krishna Murthy the pains , pitfall but pleasures of setting up shop in India are all worth the effort : "  For me it was challenge . I wanted to be in India and to do the kind of high end film graphics that you would have thought could n't be done in India with Indian talent that had n't been as trained . To do it you have to be a bit of a sadist , but that 's part of the charm of India . "	Entrepreneurs and start-ups still face maddening tangle of bureaucracy India has become an easier place for foreign firms to work and set up business Officials and cultural attitudes are some of biggest battles new companies face Krishna Murthy : "  You have to be a bit of a sadist , but that 's part of the charm of India . "
The ground just swallowed him up . A Florida man fell into a sinkhole that opened suddenly Thursday night beneath the bedroom of his suburban Tampa home , calling out to his brother for help as he fell , the brother said Friday . "  I ran toward my brother 's bedroom because I heard my brother scream , " Jeremy Bush told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  Everything was gone . My brother 's bed , my brother 's dresser , my brother 's TV . My brother was gone . " Bush frantically tried to rescue his brother , Jeff Bush , by standing in the hole and digging at the rubble with a shovel until police arrived and pulled him out , saying the floor was still collapsing . "  I could n't get him out . I tried so hard . I tried everything I could , " he said through tears . "  I could swear I heard him calling out . " Jeremy Bush and four other people , including a 2-year-old child , escaped from the blue , one-story 1970s-era home in Seffner , a Tampa suburb . Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly What began with hopes of rescue turned into a body recovery operation after monitoring equipment failed to detect any signs that Jeff Bush survived the fall into the hole , according the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . Rescuers still had n't gone into the hole -- it 's too dangerous , Fire Chief Ron Rogers told reporters . Authorities say they worry the hole is still spreading and the house could collapse at any time . "  Until we know where it 's safe to bring the equipment , we really are just handicapped and paralyzed , and ca n't really do a whole lot more than sit and wait . It 's a tough situation . It 's even tougher for the family , " Rogers said . The sinkhole is about 20 feet to 30 feet across and may be 30 feet deep , said Bill Bracken , president of an engineering company assisting emergency workers . The hole was originally reported to be 100 feet across , but that is the diameter of the safety zone surrounding it , Bracken said . "  It started in the bedroom , and it has been expanding outward and it 's taking the house with it as it opens up , " he said . As the sinkhole continued to deepen , nearby homes were evacuated as a precaution . Check out images of the sinkhole house On Friday , the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office released a 911 call from the night before . "  The house just fell through , " a female voice says on the recording . She asks for an ambulance and the police . "  The bedroom floor just collapsed , and my brother-in-law is in there . He 's underneath the house , " she says . Jessica Damico , Hillsborough County Fire Department spokeswoman , said about 40 police and firefighters were standing by at the scene Friday morning . Meanwhile , engineers hoped to use more sophisticated equipment to get a three-dimensional image of the sinkhole . Family members were also on hand , waiting out what they feared would be a devastating day . "  I 'm praying that there 's an air pocket in there ... but I ca n't see nobody surviving that long in a hole like that . There was too much dirt , too much stuff , " Jeremy Bush said . "  He was my brother , man , I loved him . " Sinkholes are common in Florida , according to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection . The state lies on bedrock made of limestone or other carbonate rock that can be eaten away by acidic groundwater , forming voids that collapse when the rock can no longer support the weight of what 's above it . Hillsborough County is part of an area known as "  sinkhole alley " that accounts for two-thirds of the sinkhole-related insurance claims in the state , according to a Florida state Senate Insurance and Banking Committee report . But Mike Merrill , county administrator for Hillsborough County , stressed Friday that the sinkhole in question was not "  your typical sinkhole . " "  They still have not been able to find the boundaries of the underground chasm . For that reason , we 're being very deliberate , he said . "  We 're very frustrated . But we 're pursuing it as quickly as we can , as safely as we can . "	Man 's brother talks to CNN 's "  AC360 " about trying to save his brother Site remains unstable , complicating recovery efforts "  It 's a tough situation . It 's even tougher for the family , " says a fire chief Authorities release the audio of a 911 call : "  The house just fell through "
Toulepleu , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Clashes along Ivory Coast 's border with Liberia led thousands of people to flee their villages Tuesday , officials said . The confrontations occurred four days after seven U.N. peacekeepers and four civilians were killed in an ambush in the same area . An armed group initiated an assault before dawn Tuesday on the village of Sioblo-Oula near the larger town of Tai , killing at least four civilians , wounding three and kidnapping two , said Tai 's youth president , Toubate Darius . The national army , FRCI , sought to protect them . Tai Mayor Tere Tehe said one FRCI soldier was killed in the clashes , which lasted for 12 hours before ending Tuesday afternoon . Tehe said hundreds of displaced people had arrived in Tai , where some of them sought shelter in the city hall . Others had fled to the forest , he said . The Liberian border has been officially closed since June 10 , but "  the border in this region is porous , " said FRCI Commander Aboubakar Sangare , in Toulepleu . The movement began after blue-helmeted peacekeepers , who were in the area as reinforcements because of threats against civilians , came under attack last week . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Friday called on the government of Ivory Coast "  to do its utmost to identify the perpetrators and hold them accountable . " He added that he understood other peacekeepers remained in danger . A spokeswoman for the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast said Friday 's incident was the first attack on peacekeepers since they entered the country in 2004 . Sylvie van den Wildenberg , in a telephone interview from her office in Abidjan , said the remaining forces were continuing to protect area residents , "  who are living in a very difficult terrain -- their villages scattered . " Van den Wildenberg said it was not clear who was responsible for the attack . "  This is an area where you have so many different types of armed people , " she said . "  People have different aims and different reasons to carry arms and to perpetrate attack . So this is a very complex environment . We ca n't extrapolate . We just ca n't fingerpoint any group . " The peacekeepers were on a reconnaissance patrol because U.N. officials had heard rumors several days earlier of armed men in the area threatening to attack a village , she said . U.N. peacekeepers remained in Ivory Coast after the 2010 presidential election , when the country was thrown into crisis after incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo refused to acknowledge defeat to former Prime Minister Alassane Ouattara . The latter was sworn in on May 21 . Western Ivory Coast has been largely supportive of Gbagbo . During the post-election crisis , his supporters massed heavy weapons here . According to the United Nations , its peacekeeping force in Ivory Coast as of April 30 included nearly 11,000 uniformed personnel , as well as several hundred international civilian personnel , local staff and volunteers . They provide technical , logistical and security support to the government . Authorities in the area have blamed the violence on militia supporters of Gbagbo based in Liberia but officials with the U.N. peackeeping mission in Ivory Coast have said they do not know whom to blame . Gbagbo has been in custody at the Hague , accused of crimes against humanity during the post-election violence , in which thousands of people were killed . Also Tuesday , the International Criminal Court at the Hague postponed a hearing for Gbagbo that had been scheduled for June 18 . No new date was set .	The fighting comes four days after 7 U.N. peacekeepers were killed in the area Four civilians and a soldier were killed Tuesday Hundreds of displaced people are seeking shelter in Tai
CNN  -- Brazil 's economic powerhouse was once thought of as the ugly sister to Rio de Janeiro 's beach-fronted glamour . São Paulo , the world 's fifth-largest city , is the fashion capital of Brazil . But , over the past few years , São Paulo 's fashion , music and design scenes have gained such momentum that it 's tipped by some as a cooler destination than more touristy Rio . True , São Paulo does n't have a beach , nor does it go out of its way to cater to foreign visitors , but hidden in the sprawl is a trove of hip hotels and restaurants , modernist architecture and some of the best shopping south of the Equator . It would take a lot longer than a day to discover everything São Paulo has to offer , but our guide should help visitors short on time to navigate the city 's immense grid of skyscrapers and traffic jams to find an entirely different Brazilian experience . Watch the sun come up over the world 's fifth-largest urban area like many of its mega-wealthy inhabitants -- with a helicopter ride over the city . Tourist rides normally leave from Campo de Marte Airport and take in aerial views of city landmarks such as Ibirapuera Park and Avenida Paulista . You may have worked up an appetite by now , so head back into town for breakfast on Rua Oscar Freire , São Paulo 's answer to Rodeo Drive . Eat delicious cheese bread known as pão de queijo , fruit , yoghurt and granola , and wash it down with a freshly squeezed juice or coffee at Oscar Cafe . The prosperous , tree-lined avenues of the surrounding area , known as Jardims , are perfect for a bit of shopping . Look out for Clube Chocolate , where you can buy upscale designerwear in divine surroundings  Rua Oscar Freire 913  and Endossa , a collaborative shop filled with cubes of shelving where entrepreneurs can rent a cubby-hole to sell their wares . From here it 's possible to walk to Avenida Paulista , São Paulo 's financial district , and there you can mill past some of the most expensive real estate in South America with the Paulistano businessfolk on your way to take in some culture at MASP , also known as São Paulo Museum of Art . Once you 've had your fill of high culture , take in some of São Paulo 's famous street art on Beco de Batman , which translates as "  Batman Alley . " Every inch of this street in the super hip Vila Madalena area is covered in graffiti , much of it by well-known local artists . Recharge your batteries with a beer and snack on empadas , delicious miniature pies with a variety of fillings like palm hearts , Portuguese salted fish and cheese at Empanadas  Rua Wisard 489 , Vila Madalena  . Otherwise , why not hop in a cab and head over to Liberdade to check out the home of the biggest Japanese community anywhere in the world outside Japan ? Check out the Buddhist temple  Rua São Joaquim  , karaoke bars and sushi restaurants -- one of the best of which is Takô  Rua da Glória 746 , Liberdade  . With its green-copper facade , the Hotel Unique is just one example of São Paulo 's stunning modern architecture . The highlight of this area , if you happen to be lucky enough to be there at the right time , is the anything-goes weekend market Feira da Liberdade  Praça da Liberdade  , and if you 're even luckier you might catch one of the sumo competitions held there from time to time . After all these hours in the concrete jungle you may be longing for a bit of green , which you can find in ample supply in the enormous Ibirapuera Park . As you wander the tree-lined walkways , dodging throngs of body-conscious Paulistanos exercising along the way , you will encounter one masterpiece of modernist architecture after another -- mostly designed by the father of Brazilian modernism Oscar Niemeyer . Look out for the beautiful sci-fi dome , Oca , and the Grande Marquise , an extraordinary white pavilion that houses MAM  Museu de Arte Moderna  and features expanses of covered concrete which attract many of the city 's skateboarders . No visit to São Paulo , or indeed any part of Brazil , is complete without trying a caipirinha -- a winning combination of the local firewater , cachaça , smashed limes , sugar and ice . If spirits are a bit much for you , try a divine -- and very Paulistano -- twist on the original with squished kiwi fruit and sake . You could combine a few cocktails with catching the final rays of the day on the rooftop of another of São Paulo 's modernist masterpieces , Edifício Itália  Terraza Italia Restaurant , Avenida Ipiranga 344  . Here you can enjoy a breathtaking panorama , with another Niemeyer masterpiece -- the wavy-façaded Edifício Copan -- in full view . It 's got to be dinner time by now . In São Paulo your options are almost unlimited . With huge populations of Japanese , Italians and even Lebanese , the problem is not where to eat but how to choose . A highlight of São Paulo 's dining scene has to be Restaurante Figueira Rubaiyat , where you can eat awesome steaks and very good seafood in a dining room that has been built around an enormous fig tree . If you 're still rearing to go after that little lot , São Paulo 's nightlife options are almost endless . You can shake your moneymaker with the best of them at one of the city 's clubland stalwarts Love Story , or if you are looking for something a little more low-key , then why not round off the day on the rooftop terrace of the Skye Bar at Hotel Unique . The hotel 's space-age green copper façade is indeed unique , and it is also a good bet for a bed for the night in really special surroundings .	São Paulo 's art , fashion and music scene means it 's no longer second to Rio Among the grid of skyscrapers is iconic modernist architecture by Oscar Niemeyer Uniquely Brazilian , the city also has a twist of other cultures Do what the Paulistanos do and sample street-side delicacies and top cocktails
Gerardo Martino was unveiled as Barcelona 's new manager Friday -- promising not to change their attacking style of play but introducing "  new ideas " to help the Catalan giants dominate European club football . The 50-year-old Martino has replaced Tito Vilanova , who stood down last week to undergo further treatment for throat cancer . Martino , who took Newell 's Old Boys to the Argentine Clausura Championship , has signed a two-year deal at the Nou Camp . He will take charge of a side which romped to the La Liga title last season with a record points tally , but suffered a crushing humiliation in the semifinals of the Champions League , going down 7-0 on aggregate to eventual winners Bayern Munich . It led to suggestions that Barcelona needed to make tactical changes , having gone out at the same stage of the competition for the past two years , but Martino believes it will not need a major revamp . "  Every team , even Barcelona which has already attained certain moments of excellence , can always improve , and Barca still has things to win , " he told gathered reporters . Analysis : Martino who ? Is El Tata the right man for Barca ? "  We are going to try to recover certain things that we 've seen when Barca have been at their best , and add a few ideas of our own . " Martino confirmed that Barca 's talisman and fellow Argentinian Lionel Messi would continue to operate in his current role . "  He will continue to play in exactly the same position . He has to feel comfortable , after that he 'll do the rest . " Messi will be joined by big-name Brazilian signing Neymar for the new campaign , while Martino appeared to rule out the departure of midfielder Cesc Fabregas , who is the subject of a bid from English Premier League champions Manchester United . Asked about United 's attempts to sign the Spanish international with a $ 38 million bid on the table , Martino gave a firm reply . "  If the club has signaled its refusal twice , then I signal it a third time - and so he  Fabregas  will be staying here , " Club vice-president Josep Maria Bartomeu , who flanked Martino with president Sandro Rosell , also chipped in . "  We are not thinking of selling Cesc , " he said . "  That United are showing interest in Cesc is normal , because he 's a great player . "  That does n't upset us , that makes us proud that they want one of our players . "  But whatever the offer , we wo n't be selling him . We are relying on him . " Martino 's appointment Tuesday came as a surprise as he has no managerial experience in Europe . But his pedigree is clear , winning four championship titles in Paraguay , before guiding their national team to the quarterfinals of the 2010 World Cup . He has also been a success at Newell 's , a former club of Messi . Martino is the fourth Argentine to take the helm at Barcelona after Roque Olsen , Helenio Herrera and Cesar Luis Menotti .	Barcelona new manager Gerardo Martino unveiled Friday Former Newell 's Old Boys boss signs two-year deal at Nou Camp Fourth Argentine manager in Barca 's history Says Cesc Fabregas is staying despite bid from Manchester United .
Editor 's Note : David M. Walker served as comptroller general of the United States and head of the Government Accountability Office  GAO  from 1998 to 2008 . He is now president and CEO of the Peter G. Peterson Foundation . David Walker says the $ 700 billion bailout is a pittance compared with the debt facing the United States . CNN  -- The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act contains plenty to make lawmakers on the left and right shudder . On the right , it 's the apparent abandonment of free-market principles . On the left , it 's the absence of punishment for high-flying Wall Street CEO 's . Looking down the middle , what I found downright unnerving was how hard Washington struggled to pass a bill that , in reality , represents less than 1 percent of our current federal financial hole . Do n't get me wrong . Congress and the Bush Administration are to be commended for acting to relieve the credit crunch and trying to minimize any immediate , adverse effect on our economy and by consequence , on American jobs and access to credit . The ultimate cost of the act should ring up at less than $ 500 billion , less than the advertised $ 700 billion because of anticipated proceeds from the government 's sale of the assets it will acquire with the appropriated funds . The nation 's real tab , on the other hand , amounted to $ 53 trillion as of the end of the last fiscal year . That was the sum of our public debt ; accrued civilian and military retirement benefits ; unfunded , promised Social Security and Medicare benefits ; and other financial obligations -- all according to the government 's most recent financial statement of September 30 , 2007 . The rescue package and other bailout efforts for Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , AIG and the auto industry , escalating operating deficits , compounding interest and other factors are likely to boost the tab to $ 56 trillion or more by the end of this calendar year . With numbers and trends like this , you might ask , "  Who will bail out America ? " The answer is , no one but us ! Since we 're going to have to save ourselves , recent events could hardly be called encouraging . It took an additional $ 100 billion in incentives -- some would call them "  sweeteners ; " others might call them bribes -- to get lawmakers to pass the rescue package . Regardless of what you call these incentives , ultimately the taxpayers will have to pick up the tab , with interest . The process that was employed to achieve enactment of this bill was hardly a model of efficiency or effectiveness . The original proposal represented an over-reach and under-communication by the administration . Neither lawmakers nor ordinary citizens had enough information to properly assess the real risks , the need for action and what an appropriate course of action might be . Furthermore , the key players allowed the legislation to be characterized as a $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street , which was neither an accurate nor a fair reflection of the legislation . Passage of the credit-crunch relief provisions in the act was understandable , not just because of what risks and needed actions the Treasury and the Federal Reserve were aware of , but more importantly , because of what policymakers did n't know and eventually might have to address . Let 's face it -- the regular order in Washington is broken . We must move beyond crisis management approaches and start to address some of the key fiscal and other challenges facing this country if we want our future to be better than our past . A good place to start would be for the presidential candidates to acknowledge our $ 53 trillion  and growing  federal financial hole and commit to begin to address it . Their endorsement of the need for a bipartisan fiscal future commission along the lines of the one sponsored by Rep. Jim Cooper , D-Tennessee , and Rep. Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , also would make sense . Any such commission should , at a minimum , address the need for statutory budget controls , comprehensive Social Security reform , a first round of tax reform and a first round of comprehensive health care reform . It should hold hearings both inside and beyond the Beltway . And , its recommendations should be guaranteed to receive an up-or-down vote by Congress if a super-majority of the commission 's members can agree on a comprehensive proposal . Our fiscal time bomb is ticking , and the time for action is now ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	David Walker : The U.S. faces a debt much larger than the bailout amount Walker : No one is going to bail out America , we have to do it ourselves U.S. needs panel to examine how to cut $ 53 trillion long-term debt , he says Social Security , health care and taxes need to be reformed , Walker says
London  CNN  -- Pakistani schoolgirl activist Malala Yousafzai added her voice Tuesday to calls for an end to female genital mutilation , a procedure affecting millions of women and girls worldwide . A global "  Girl Summit " is aimed at eradicating the practice , as well as child , early and forced marriage , within a generation . It 's being held in London , hosted by the UK government along with U.N. children 's agency UNICEF . UNICEF estimates that at least 125 million women and girls around the world have been subjected to FGM , the "  partial or total removal of the external female genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons . " As many as 30 million girls under the age of 15 may still be at risk , UNICEF says , although the practice appears to be declining . FGM is concentrated in 29 countries , mostly in Africa , according to the agency . Generally done without anesthetic , it "  can have lifelong health consequences including chronic infection , severe pain during urination , menstruation , sexual intercourse , and childbirth , and psychological trauma , " campaign group Equality Now states on its website . "  No one knows how many girls die from FGM . " According to UNICEF , "  social acceptance " is the most frequently cited reason for supporting the continuation of the practice . The summit -- the first of its kind and attended by representatives of governments , grass-roots organizations , campaigners and survivors from around the world -- aims to change people 's ways of thinking . Malala said via Twitter : "  We should not be followers of traditions that go against human rights ... we are human beings and we make traditions . " Alimatu Dimonekene , who underwent the procedure at the age of 16 in Sierra Leone and now campaigns against FGM , told the summit that while she was cut , her daughters never would be . In a video produced ahead of the conference with the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children , a UK children 's charity , she told of the day her life was changed forever . "  I was 16 . It was a nice warm day , normal day . There was no idea it was going to happen , " she said . A room was already prepared for what is known in Sierra Leone as "  the cutting , " she said . A friend of her mother 's sat on her chest to try to keep her quiet , Dimonekene said , as she struggled against others who were pulling off her clothes and underwear . "  She came in with a knife and little blades in her hands , " Dimonekene said of the woman who carried out the procedure , who had been hired by her grandmother . "  And a cloth was put in my mouth so I could n't scream . " She and a friend who was also cut were left alone in the room . "  For the next four days we were just crying , no one cleaned us up , we were still bleeding . " The pain was just getting worse but she was unable to tell anyone , Dimonekene said . "  Physically , emotionally , it affected me terribly . " Prime Minister David Cameron announced new UK government measures Tuesday to tackle the problem , a day after a major study revealed that an estimated 137,000 women are affected or at risk of FGM in England and Wales . The UK measures include legislation that will mean parents can be prosecuted if they fail to prevent their daughters being cut , as well as extra guidance for police and funding for support for survivors . "  I 'll make reporting FGM mandatory for doctors , teachers and social workers . Let 's end this abhorrent practice once and for all , " Cameron said via Twitter . The new study , by City University London and campaign group Equality Now , is based on an examination of 2011 United Kingdom census data , in an effort to determine how many women and girls have moved to the country from places where the practice of mutilation is common . The last major report on the problem in England and Wales , in 2007 , estimated that there were 66,000 women affected in the country and 24,000 at risk . The practice is illegal in the UK , but many girls are taken back to their parents ' countries of origin for the procedure to be carried out . Experts tie the practice to specific ethnic groups rather than a particular religion or country and say there 's a variety of justifications , including diminishing or controlling female sexual desire and ensuring a girl 's "  marriageability . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	A global "  Girl Summit " held in London aims to end FGM and child marriage Campaigners want to eradicate female genital mutilation within a generation UNICEF estimates that 125 million women and girls worldwide have suffered FGM "  We should not be followers of traditions that go against human rights , " says Malala Yousafzai
CNN  -- The European Union is stepping in to save its dairy from going sour . The EU Commission announced Thursday it will pay for temporary storage of butter , skimmed milk powder and certain cheeses in order to help its farmers deal with the impact of Russian economic sanctions . In a tit-for-tat move against Western sanctions , Russian President Vladimir Putin banned imports of most agriculture products from the U.S. , the European Union , Norway , Canada and Australia . The move was in response to countries imposing economic sanctions against Russia in the aftermath of the flight MH17 disaster . The EU has already announced that it will spend $ 43.2 million helping peach and nectarine growers hit by the ban , followed by a $ 165 million aid package for certain fruit and vegetable farmers . Europe 's food exports to Russia were worth $ 15.8 billion in 2013 , making up about 10 % of the bloc 's agriculture exports , according to EU data . European countries sold more than $ 3 billion worth of dairy products to Russia in 2013 -- $ 1.3 billion worth of cheese , $ 192 million in butter and $ 140 million of fresh milk . The new measures will allow farmers to store their dairy products for longer . "  It gives us time to find other markets to sell these products , " EU spokesman Roger Waite said . The price tag on the help for milk farmers is not yet clear as details will be announced next week . "  At the moment , there is no formal ceiling on butter and skimmed milk products , " Waite said . But the ban of foreign food is more than just an inconvenience for Russians . Russia is the world 's fifth largest agricultural importer and remains dependent on food supply from abroad -- its agricultural trade deficit extended to $ 26 billion in 2013 , according to data from the European Commission . With billions of dollars worth of food disappearing from the market , prices are likely to go up and experts forecast increased Russian inflation , which is already running at 7.5 % . Russians will still be able to enjoy European wines and spirits , as well as bread , pasta and cereals as these have escaped the embargo . In 2013 , EU countries sold nearly $ 1 billion worth of spirits and $ 733 million worth of wine to Russia . Explore CNN 's infographic above to see what items are likely to disappear from Russian menu .	The EU has announced new measures to support its milk farmers hit by Russian sanctions European countries sold over $ 3 billion worth of dairy products to Russia in 2013 Russia banned imports of most agriculture products from the U.S. , the EU , Norway , Canada and Australia
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- President Viktor Yanukovych defended his government 's handling of the political crisis in Ukraine on Thursday , saying that it had "  fulfilled all its obligations " and that opposition leaders were stoking people 's anger for their own gain . The opposition "  continues to escalate the situation " and to encourage people to maintain their protests in the icy streets , he said in an address posted on his website . "  I think that is wrong . We must understand that there is no future for the state and people if political interests of certain groups are set higher than the existence of Ukraine itself . " Yanukovych insisted the government had lived up to "  concrete agreements " reached with the opposition to try to end the crisis . "  The government has fulfilled all its obligations under these agreements , including the adoption of the Law on Amnesty that guarantees freedom and liberation of persons arrested during the conflict , " he said . He also appealed to Ukrainians to "  do everything for peace and normal life " and said he regrets "  the young people  who have  died in this confrontation . " Earlier , Yanukovych 's office said the President was out on sick leave after an "  acute respiratory disease accompanied by fever . " The country 's Parliament approved the amnesty bill for anti-government protesters in an extraordinary session Wednesday . ` Unacceptable ' conditions for amnesty A top legislator announced that all factions had approved the amnesty law , but opposition leaders dispute that , saying the legislation was rushed through and imposes "  unacceptable " conditions . For the amnesty to come into effect , protesters must vacate seized government buildings and unblock streets and squares , "  except those where peaceful protest actions are taking place , " the law says , according to the state-run Ukrinform news agency . There was no sign of protesters leaving Kiev 's Independence Square , or Maidan , on Thursday , despite the political maneuvering and the bitter cold . A billboard above the square , which has been at the heart of anti-government protests since November , registered -16 Celsius  3 Fahrenheit  Thursday afternoon , with -23 Celsius  -9 Fahrenheit  forecast for the evening -- the coldest weather since the protests began . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , head of the opposition Fatherland Party , warned late Wednesday that fresh violence could erupt if authorities try to clear out protesters . "  It depends on the way the government is to act . If they press on peaceful protesters , this will definitely trigger another spiral of violence , " he said . If people feel that the issue of constitutional reform to shift the balance of power away from the President toward Parliament is addressed , he said , "  this could even somehow calm down the situation in Ukraine . If no , another surge of violence . " Klitschko : People want real change Opposition leader Vitali Klitschko , of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms , or UDAR , said he and his supporters could not stand behind a move that called for an end to protests without real change beyond freeing the 218 activists who the Interior Ministry says have been arrested . "  People took to the streets because they want to change the situation , " Klitschko said . "  A statement , ` We will free people , if they go home ' is unacceptable . It can not be understood . " Klitschko has called for Yanukovych to resign and said his departure from power would be "  a logical step . " After a special session held Tuesday and Wednesday , Parliament wo n't reconvene until next Tuesday . The opposition has n't yet announced its next move . Prime Minister Mykola Azarov and his Cabinet resigned Tuesday , hours before Parliament annulled draconian anti-protest laws that sparked violent confrontations between police and demonstrators . The President has yet to sign off on the bill repealing the anti-protest laws , and UDAR urged Yanukovych on Thursday not to let his sick leave prevent him from living up to his responsibilities . The recent clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia . Europe 's concern The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe on Thursday voiced its "  deep concern " about the situation in Ukraine . A resolution adopted by the body said the government 's resignation and the repeal of the protest laws were "  a first step " toward resolving the crisis , which should be followed up "  by both authorities and opposition with further concrete steps to resolve the crisis peacefully and democratically . " Sanctions could be imposed against Ukraine "  if grave human rights violations continue , or if the Maidan protest were to be broken up by force , " it said . Such sanctions could include a suspension of voting rights . The resolution calls for a full investigation into "  the excessive and disproportionate use of violence by the police against protesters " and said it was "  especially concerned about credible reports of torture and maltreatment of protesters by the police and security forces . " Those responsible must be held accountable , it said . The assembly also raised concern about violence directed at police by extreme right-wing protesters . Merkel calls Kiev , Moscow In a call with Yanukovych on Wednesday , German Chancellor Angela Merkel praised the dialogue between the opposing sides and the decision to repeal the controversial protest laws . "  With its resignation , the government has assumed responsibility for its part in the most recent escalation in the crisis , " a news release from her office said . "  Now it is a matter of following through on the agreements , including amnesty , and continue ongoing dialogue . It should not come to renewed violence . " Merkel also spoke with Russian President Vladimir Putin , her office said . A readout of that call said she urged Putin to "  push for constructive and results-oriented dialogue between the government and the opposition . " There have been tensions between Russia and the European Union over developments in Ukraine , with each side accusing the other of interference . But Putin denied this week that Moscow is exerting undue influence in Ukraine . After Yanukovych 's U-turn in November on the planned EU trade deal , he and Putin agreed to a $ 15 billion deal for Russia to buy Ukrainian debt . Moscow also agreed to slash the price Ukraine pays for its gas . Putin said Tuesday that Russia intended to honor that deal once Ukraine 's political crisis has played out . CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Kiev and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Victoria Eastwood , Lindsay Isaac , Stephanie Halasz and Marilia Brocchetto , as well as journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev , contributed to this report .	Viktor Yanukovych says his government has "  fulfilled all its obligations " Yanukovych is out on sick leave after an acute respiratory disease , his office says Protesters remain in the streets despite a new amnesty law and biting cold The amnesty law says protesters must vacate seized buildings and unblock streets
CNN  -- Something emerged from the sun after Comet ISON made its closest approach today . Is it the ISON ? NASA scientists , professional and amateur astronomers are analyzing images from NASA satellites to learn more about comet 's fate . "  We have n't seen any definite nucleus yet , " said Padma Yanamandra-Fisher with the Space Science Institute and NASA 's Comet ISON Observing Campaign . Members of the group 's Facebook page spotted what may be the remnants of ISON in satellite images soon after experts at NASA 's Google Hangout on ISON said it looked like the comet had broken up and melted into the sun . Comet watchers will have to wait until ISON , or what 's left of it , are a bit further from the sun to get more information . "  What we see here is the dust tail emerging first , pointing away from the sun , " Yanamandra-Fisher said . But it is not clear if the comet 's core , or nucleus , is intact , or if it 's just a bunch of dust . Observers were hoping that ISON would survive its Thanksgiving Day close encounter with the sun and emerge to put on a big sky show in December . A fleet of spacecraft watched ISON plunge toward the sun , including NASA 's STEREO satellite , the European Space Agency/NASA SOHO spacecraft and the Solar Dynamics Observatory . Comets are giant snowballs of frozen gases , rock and dust that can be several miles in diameter . When they get near the sun , they warm up and spew some of the gas and dirt , creating tails that can stretch for thousands of miles . Most comets are in the outer part of our solar system . When they get close enough for us to see , scientists study them for clues about how our solar system formed . Astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok discovered ISON in September 2012 using a telescope near Kislovodsk , Russia , that is part of the International Scientific Optical Network . ISON -- officially named C/2012 S1 -- was 585 million miles away at the time . Its amazing journey through the solar system had been chronicled by amateur astronomers and by space telescopes . 5 things to know about Comet ISON 2013 : The year of the comet  we hope	NEW : NASA scientists watching material that emerged from the sun Comet ISON may have evaporated , experts says Spacecraft lose sight of the comet Comet was making its closest approach to sun
CARACAS , Venezuela  CNN  -- The price of sin rose Monday in Venezuela where President Hugo Chavez is on a campaign to make Venezuelans cut back on drinking and smoking . "  Everyone 's shocked , " said Leonora Marino , owner of Bodegon Marino in Valencia , Venezuela , west of Caracas . On Monday evening , she was still changing the prices in her store as her customers looked on and complained , she told a reporter . Alcohol is now 10 percent more expensive ; cigarettes are 20 percent pricier . "  Really , it 's difficult to buy at these prices , " she said , then joked , "  They say they 're going to stop eating so that they can continue drinking . " The Venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said Jose Vielma Mora , superintendent of Seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes . Taxes on whiskey , brandy , cognac and other drinks that do n't come from cane sugar have been raised $ 1.79  3,838 bolivares  per liter , the government-run Bolivarian News Agency said . "  It 's unfair because , in the end , the consumer is the one who pays , " said Fernando Fernandez , a liquor exporter . Chavez has described whiskey as a drink for rich people , not for revolutionaries . "  We can not be spending the international reserves of this country on whiskey , " he said . The moves represent the first steps toward transforming each Venezuelan into what Chavez calls "  the new man . " Chavez has cited the life of revolutionary socialist icon Ernesto "  Che " Guevara as an example of how to lead a more pure life . In April , Chavez told a graduating class of medical students in Caracas , Venezuela , that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed , according to an ABN report . "  The vice causes much harm , not only to individuals , but to the collective health of the nation , " said Chavez , who said the dangers result in an increase in car wrecks and domestic violence . For his part , he has said he drinks too much coffee . Also effective Monday , stores near schools , churches and cultural centers will not be granted licenses to sell alcohol . Taxes on cigarette imports have also increased , from 50 percent to 70 percent of the total price . On the street , some people said they do n't understand the motivations for the increase , but predicted their consumption would not change . "  The Venezuelan is not going to stop drinking or smoking , " said one person . Chavez also plans to increase taxes on luxury items such as Hummers , which are imported privately and at great expense . There is no Hummer dealership in the country . Higher oil prices in recent years have translated into higher consumption in petroleum-rich Venezuela . Last year , car sales increased by about 70 percent , according to the CIA World Factbook . But Chavez , who was in Cuba on Monday visiting communist leader Fidel Castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for Venezuela 's 27 million people , 38 percent of whom live in poverty . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Flor Santamaria contributed to this story .	Venezuelan government hikes taxes on alcohol and cigarettes Monday Ten percent price increase on alcohol and 20 percent increase on cigarettes Stores near schools , churches and cultural centers can not sell alcohol Chavez plans to increase taxes on luxury goods , including Hummers
CNN  -- Gmail does n't cost any money to use , but it 's not free . Google 's popular online e-mail service , which turns 10 Tuesday , may not charge for its Gmail accounts . But the company is still collecting payment in the form of massive amounts of personal information about the people who use it . With an estimated 500-plus million users , Gmail has grown to dominate the Web-mail world . It has also repeatedly found itself in hot water over privacy . Gmail is facing multiple privacy lawsuits in the United States and Europe , some accusing the company of illegal wiretapping for scanning the content of e-mails . Google reported $ 16.86 billion in revenues for the last quarter of 2013 alone . One way it makes money from Gmail is by automatically scanning and indexing messages and using the data it mines to show relevant ads to its users . "  The basic premise of Gmail is , we 'll give you a robust e-mail service and in exchange we want to display ads alongside our e-mail and we 're scanning your e-mail to decide what ads are most relevant , " said Eric Goldman , a professor at the Santa Clara University School of Law . Scanning and ads Gmail looks for keywords that identify topics of discussion based on things such as frequency and context , then matches the e-mail up with related ads . A conversation thread about meeting up at a spinning class , for example , might trigger an ad for a weight-loss product . Data gathered through e-mail scanning can also be used to create user profiles for future ad targeting . What many consumers do n't consider is that companies such as Google can create a comprehensive profile of each user based on information from different products such as search , maps , e-mail and Google + , its social network . "  Nothing in life is free , and as a result it is important for people to understand what value they bring to a free service of any kind , " said Behnam Dayanim , a partner at the law firm Paul Hastings LLP in Washington . When people send and receive messages using a free e-mail service , they are sharing details about their interests , who their connections are and what their finances look like . That information might seem mundane on the surface , but when extracted and organized , it 's incredibly valuable to marketers and advertisers . All the major e-mail providers , including Microsoft Outlook and Yahoo , benefit one way or another from offering a free service . The provider might serve up general or targeted ads , generate a user base for marketing other services , or just use the e-mail service to build brand recognition . And while Gmail may have popularized it , targeted ads based on user data has become the primary business model for many tech companies . It 's how social media companies such as Facebook and search engines such as Bing make money as well as a huge number of apps that scrape contact and location information from users . It 's also led to a number of similar privacy lawsuits against other companies , including LinkedIn , Yahoo and Facebook . Any company that collects personal information has to advise its customers what it is doing with their information and comply with any relevant privacy laws , Dayanim said . These are usually laid out in the lengthy terms and conditions and privacy policies that customers barely skim before hitting "  agree . " However , many of the details about how exactly Google 's program works have been kept confidential . And critics say the service does n't adequately disclose what it is doing with customers ' information . Legal action When Gmail made its debut in 2004 , it was upfront about the fact that it would show contextual ads targeted to match the topic of e-mail threads . People still lined up to be accepted as early beta users of the service because it was slickly designed , included ample amounts of storage , and was excellent at filtering out spam . And it did n't cost anything to sign up . One problem is that not all the people affected have agreed to Google 's privacy policy . One group of plaintiffs in a recent class-action lawsuit were non-Gmail users who sent messages to Gmail accounts . Google responded that non-Gmail customers had no expectations of privacy when sending e-mails to people who did use the service . Google has defended its e-mail scanning program by pointing out that it 's automated and handled by computers picking out keywords . Google 's employees are n't personally reading through e-mails for the latest lovers ' spat . Google also says the scans are necessary to cut down on malicious e-mails and spam , and for features such as Priority Inbox and the tabbed view that filters e-mails into different categories . A federal judge dealt a blow to the case this month , ruling it could n't proceed as a class-action lawsuit because the different groups were n't cohesive enough . A class-action lawsuit could have cost Google trillions of dollars in damages . A changing landscape When Gmail debuted in 2004 , the rules for collecting user information were looser . But the privacy landscape has changed drastically over the past 10 years . Several U.S. states have passed laws that restrict the use of personal information , the Federal Trade Commission has been more active pursuing privacy violations , and the industry has adopted best practices about what 's acceptable . One thing that has n't changed is the federal law with the biggest impact on how and when companies can share data with third parties . The Electronics Communication Privacy Act is a dusty piece of legislation passed in 1986 , long before the era of cloud-based e-mail . Many legislators and technology companies  including Google  have lobbied to have the law updated to reflect the times . Meanwhile , consumers must increasingly weigh the value of using a free e-mail service such as Gmail against their personal privacy .	Google 's Gmail has turned online e-mail service into a profitable business The company scans e-mails and uses data for targeted ads and user profiles Many users do n't realize how much their personal information is worth Gmail has been the target of multiple privacy lawsuits
CNN  -- It was not the sort of meme Bill Cosby wanted to generate . On Monday , the comedian -- or whomever was in charge of his social media -- put out a challenge with a jovial picture of Cosby in a cap : "  Go ahead . Meme me ! #cosbymeme . " The Internet immediately reacted , but probably not in the way Cosby expected . "  Claire , have you seen my ... nevermind , found my raping hat ! " tweeted Trill Withers over the cap picture . "  My two favorite things -- Jell-O pudding & rape , " tweeted E.J. Coughlin over a photo of Cosby smiling . "  Look at this wacky shirt I 'm wearing -- also I am a serial rapist , " tweeted Jason Steele over a picture of a thumbs-up Cosby in a patterned shirt . By nightfall , Cosby 's original tweet had been pulled from the Web , which led to this conclusion from Jensen Karp : "  If anyone is looking for a job , the Social Media Manager position for @BillCosby is about to open up . " But if Cosby 's social media manager has gone underground , in the Internet age -- where nothing ever goes away -- the rape allegations , which Cosby has repeatedly denied , have stubbornly remained in the open . In late October , comedian Hannibal Buress bluntly attacked what he perceived as Cosby 's "  smuggest old black man public persona " by saying , "  Yeah , but you rape women , Bill Cosby , so turn the crazy down a couple notches . ' I do n't curse onstage . ' Well , yeah , you 're  a  rapist , so I 'll take you saying lots of m ***** f ***** s on ` Bill Cosby : Himself ' if you were n't a rapist . " A couple weeks later , Cosby was booked on Queen Latifah 's talk show , but the allegations reportedly gave the staff "  cold feet , " according to TMZ . Cosby 's booking was "  postponed at his request , " the website reported in an addendum .  Cosby did do interviews with Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Fallon without incident . Now comes the social media fiasco . For years , Cosby has denied the rape allegations . In February , after Newsweek ran an interview with one of the purported victims , Tamara Green , Cosby 's representative said , "  This is a 10-year-old , discredited accusation that proved to be nothing at the time , and is still nothing . " Nine years ago , when Green was interviewed by Matt Lauer on the "  Today " show , his lawyer issued a statement : "  Miss Green 's allegations are absolutely false . Mr. Cosby does not know the name Tamara Green or  maiden name  Tamara Lucier and the incident she describes did not happen . The fact that she may have repeated this story to others is not corroboration . " In the case of Andrea Constand , who sued Cosby in 2005 over an incident the year before , Cosby says the sex was consensual . CNN has reached out to Cosby 's representative for comment on this story , but has yet to hear back . Lawsuit airs allegations At the time of Constand 's lawsuit , Cosby had been in the news for a sexual affair once before . In 1997 , a woman named Autumn Jackson claimed to be Cosby 's love child . Cosby admitted to a relationship with Jackson 's mother but denied paternity . Jackson was later convicted of extortion . However , it was n't until Constand 's lawsuit in 2005 that the comedian was accused of rape . Constand , a staffer for Temple University 's women 's basketball team , said in her suit that Cosby -- a Temple alum -- had become a mentor to her in the months since they met in 2002 . In early 2004 , he invited her to his house in suburban Philadelphia . Constand told Cosby she was feeling stressed and Cosby gave her three blue pills , which he described as "  herbal medication , " according to her suit , which was posted on The Smoking Gun . Then , her "  knees began to shake , her limbs felt immobile , she felt dizzy and weak , and she began to feel only barely conscious , " the suit continued . Cosby then gave her another drug , she said , and led her to the sofa , where she says she was sexually molested . "  When Plaintiff awoke , her clothes and undergarments were in disarray , " the suit said . Constand later returned to her native Canada , where she reported the incident to police . Authorities in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , followed up with an investigation , but at the end of February declined to press criminal charges due to a lack of evidence . Cosby 's lawyer , Walter M. Phillips Jr. , told CNN the allegations were "  utterly preposterous " and "  plainly bizarre , " but Cosby later acknowledged his role in the situation . "  Looking back on it , I realize that words and actions can be misinterpreted by another person , and unless you 're a supreme being , you ca n't predict what another individual will do , " he told the National Enquirer in March 2005 . "  I 'm not saying that what I did was wrong , but I apologize to my loving wife , who has stood by my side for all these years , for any pain I have caused her . These allegations have caused my family great emotional stress . " Constand filed her civil suit in March 2005 . Constand 's lawyers said they found 13 Jane Doe witnesses with similar stories . However , Constand 's suit was settled in November 2006 , and the witnesses were never called . Terms have not been disclosed . Tarnished reputation As Mark Whitaker 's recent Cosby biography makes clear , the man has his demons . He had affairs while on the road and there have been bumps in his long marriage to his wife , Camille . The influence of Bill Cosby But Whitaker , a former CNN managing editor , told CNN that he did n't feel comfortable airing the rape allegations . "  Basically , I knew that I was going to have to be very careful in what I said about his private life . I felt that way as a journalist and also for legal reasons , " he said in an interview about the biography . "  In the case of these other allegations , basically because there were no definitive court findings , no independent witnesses , it did n't meet my standard for what I was going to put in the book . " "  I also was very aware that if I just did a she said-he said , and I printed allegations and denials without my own independent reporting , first of all it 's not really in the spirit in the book , but also every person who then reviewed or reported on the book would be free to repeat those unconfirmed allegations just because they were in my book . And I just did n't feel comfortable being responsible for that . " Still , the rape allegations are always just a mouse click away . Not long after Constand 's accusations hit the media , Tamara Green went public with her claims on "  Today . " A few months later , another Jane Doe , Beth Ferrier , also spoke out . A third woman , Barbara Bowman , came forward in 2006 . Green and Bowman both gave interviews to Newsweek in early 2014 . How all the controversy has affected Cosby personally is unknown . He 's still scheduled to star in an NBC sitcom next year , and his skills as a comedian appear undiminished . Last year 's concert movie , "  Far From Finished , " earned mostly positive reviews , and his recent comedy tour has also received praise . On Saturday night , he appeared at the New York Comedy Festival and played to an appreciative crowd . "  Over the course of a non-stop two hours , he proves himself yet again to be an extraordinarily skilled storyteller , a performer who is acutely aware of his audience and in full of control of the room from start to finish , " wrote the Guardian 's Elise Czajkowski . But his once-sterling reputation has taken a hit . The Washington Post , Salon and The New York Times have all mentioned the rape allegations in stories , criticizing Cosby to varying degrees . And comedian Buress , who later talked about the Cosby allegations on Howard Stern 's radio show , said at a St. Louis show that he had asked fellow comedian Dave Chappelle for advice . Chappelle told Buress to talk to Cosby , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported . But then Chappelle watched the Buress video . Maybe it 's not a good idea after all , he said .	Bill Cosby 's "  Meme me " proposal went awry Monday Many people referred to allegations of rape against the comedian Cosby has repeatedly denied the allegations In the Internet age , the rape allegations have stubbornly remained in the open
New York  CNN  -- Health advisories were issued for four beaches in New York City Thursday evening as wastewater from a plant continued to discharge into the Hudson River , according to a press release from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection . A four-alarm fire at the North River wastewater treatment plant triggered flooding of wastewater into the Hudson River Wednesday morning , after a blaze began in the plant 's engine room . The health advisories were issued for South Beach , Midland Beach and Cedar Grove Beach on Staten Island , and Sea Gate in Brooklyn , according to the release . The beaches are not closed but the New York City Department of Health recommends that people not swim or enter the water at those locations . They also recommend that young or elderly people , or anyone who suffers from a medical condition not go near the water at those beaches . The advisories will last through Monday . Popular Coney Island Beach was unaffected by the advisories as of Thursday evening . All employees at the plant were accounted for following the incident with no injuries , New York City Department of Environmental Protection Commissioner Cas Holloway told CNN affiliate WPIX . The facility was not operational on Thursday evening but department staff and contractors were inside the facility working to bring the plant online . The plant is responsible for treating 120 million gallons of wastewater a day on Manhattan 's west side .	A fire at a wastewater treatment plant triggered a release into the Hudson River Beach-goers are urged to avoid three beaches on Staten Island and one in Brooklyn The health advisories will last through Monday Coney Island Beach remained unaffected Thursday night
CNN  -- The charity taking care of a blonde , blue-eyed girl taken by police from a Roma community in Greece has received 8,000 calls from around the world since it issued a call for help in finding her parents . "  At least eight calls have some information that can be used by the police for further investigation , " Smile of the Child spokesman Panagiotis Pardalis said Sunday . "  Four of these calls are from the United States . " The group is working with Greek authorities , Interpol and Europol to solve the mystery of Maria , the name by which the couple posing as her parents called the 4-year-old . "  This Roma family had 14 children in total , and they were registered with fake birth certificates , so now the police are trying to see whether these children also belong to this family or if there is something else behind this , " Pardalis said . The girl was immediately taken from the couple and entrusted to the care of the Smile of the Child , which will keep her in one of its group homes until her family is found . "  The girl is at peace , " Pardalis said . "  She is doing much better . " A prosecutor became suspicious when he saw the child with very pale skin in a community of Roma , also known as gypsies , near the town of Larissa in central Greece , Pardalis said . "  It was bad living conditions , poor hygiene . The girl was found in a state of neglect , both physically and psychologically , " he said . "  We do n't have any other information , if this girl was forced to work or to beg on streets . " When the couple was questioned , "  they changed repeatedly their story about how they got the child , " a police statement said , compounding the officers ' suspicions . DNA testing then "  showed that there was not any genetic compatibility " between the girl and the 39-year-old man and the 40-year-old woman , the police said , meaning they can not be her biological parents . Photo blog : The plight of the Roma The two people posing as her parents have been arrested and face charges of abducting a minor , as well as counts of falsifying identity documents , said the state-owned Athens-Macedonian News Agency . Among the suspect documents found by police was a 2009 birth and baptism registration from Athens authorities , the news agency said . The woman also had two different valid identification documents and , based on family registration records , appears to have given birth to three children between June and November 1993 and another three children between October 1994 and February 1995 , it said . In fact , the state-run AMNA news agency reported , she had two family residence registrations indicating that she was mother to 10 children : five girls and a boy in Larissa , plus four girls in Trikala . The man is registered as the father of four more children . Greece 's government has promised to help the child . In the meantime , the little girl is being given support by a police psychologist , the police said . Anyone with information is asked to call the European Hotline for Missing Children or contact the Smile of the Child . The girl 's discovery will probably prompt speculation that she may have been abducted or trafficked , which , if proved , could serve to fuel prejudice against the Roma community within Greece and elsewhere . Rights group Amnesty International has called on the European Union to take action to end discrimination against the 6 million Roma , describing them as "  the largest and most disadvantaged minority in the region . " In May , Amnesty International said Greece had been found guilty of discrimination against Roma schoolchildren in three rulings by the European Court of Human Rights . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Joseph Netto and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	"  Maria " will stay in a Smile for a Child home for now , charity spokesman says The child "  is doing much better " after being taken by police from Roma home , he says "  The girl was found in a state of neglect , both physically and psychologically , " he says Roma community official denies that girl was abused or abducted
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Back in the mid-zeroes , I remember reading a lot of stories about a buildup of trash in the Pacific Ocean so massive that it had formed a floating island of waste the size of Texas . Its colorful nickname was the Great Eastern Garbage Patch , and what was even more mind-boggling than the purported scale was that pretty much the only places you could dig up any substantial info about it were in minor oceanographic and environmental publications . You also could n't find a photo of it to save your life . It was like Garbage Brigadoon . Anyhoo , the idea that one of the biggest environmental disasters of our age had been going on outside nearly everyone 's awareness piqued our curiosity , so we decided to head out there  the middle of the ocean  and see it for ourselves . The Garbage Patch is located at a natural collecting point at the center of a set of revolving currents called the North Pacific Gyre . The middle of the Gyre is more of a meteorological phenomenon than an actual place : a consistent high-pressure zone north of the Hawaiian Islands that , combined with the extremely weak currents , helps keep the ocean surface as placid as lake water . Flotsam has been sucked into this area from the encircling currents for as long as the Pacific 's existed , but up until the last century this process ended with the refuse safely biodegrading and being reabsorbed into the food chain as nutrients . With the advent of plastics , however , the Garbage Patch has transformed from a fertile feeding ground to the oceanic equivalent of a desert . And a particularly crap-strewn desert at that . See the rest of TOXIC : Garbage Island We chartered a trip through the middle of the mess with Capt. Charles Moore of the Oceanographic Research Vessel Alguita . Capt. Moore is credited with discovering the Patch in its present , trash-choked state , and at the time was one of the few people studying the extent and effect of the pollution . Our voyage into the center of the Gyre took eight days of round-the-clock sailing on a 50-foot catamaran with a crew of six  including VBS 's three-man filming team  . Personal tensions mounted . Humor got strange . By the time we got to the beginning of the Patch , anticipation and cabin fever had conspired to make our expectations of "  Garbage Island " unreasonably high , but what we found still managed to surpass them . To the naked eye it looked no different from any other part of the ocean , except that every few minutes something really strange would float by . For instance , one time it was a hard hat with Korean writing on it . Another time it was a motorcycle tire . Another time it was a child 's life preserver with a cartoonish shark bite taken out of the side . Once it was an enormous telephone-pole-shaped thing that could have easily wrecked our ship if we 'd been on a slightly different course . Here we were in one of the most remote stretches of water in the world -- thousands of miles from land , had n't seen another ship in days -- and everywhere around us was civilization 's detritus . It would have been some consolation to think that the Garbage Patch was simply the result of careless sailors , but researchers estimate up to 80 percent of the trash originates on land . That not only meant that the shampoo bottle or birthday balloon we scooped up had most likely spent years traveling around the currents of the Gyre before ending up in our path , but that there were countless others in the middle of the same journey . It was a colossal bring-down . Then we started taking some samples of the water , and that 's when we realized things were even worse than we thought . Watch what the water samples showed	VBS travels to a spot in the Pacific where a massive pool of trash churns with the current Non-biodegradable bits of plastic make up much of the so-called "  chemical soup " VBS reporter says water sample tests were "  worse than we thought "
CNN  -- Super Bowls ought to be held indoors -- and that means all of them . Not football itself . The game of football should be played in any kind of conditions , anytime , anyplace -- day , night , indoors , outdoors , weekends , weeknights , whatever . It 's all good . UNTIL the Super Bowl . Not that . Never that . To ensure pristine conditions for the most popular yearly event in all of American sport , the National Football League needs to book each of its Super Bowl contests in a stadium covered by  A  a permanent dome or  B  a retractable roof . No place else . Super Bowl XLVIII is scheduled to be played this coming Sunday in an outdoor arena in northern New Jersey . It could snow . It could hail . A game featuring some of the NFL 's greatest stars could result in hundreds of millions of TV viewers watching these poor dudes slip , slide and shiver their XL-sized butts off . The defending NFL champion Baltimore Ravens ' quarterback , Joe Flacco , put it bluntly in 2013 when asked about holding 2014 's Super Bowl outdoors in February in the New York/New Jersey region : "  I think it 's stupid . If you want a Super Bowl , put a retractable dome on your stadium . Then you can get one . " Flacco took flak for that . He also had to issue an apology for describing an outdoor Super Bowl on the East Coast as "  retarded , " but the opinion he was tossing out was right on the money . What a shame to risk ruining the biggest game of the year . No other major U.S. sport -- not baseball , basketball or hockey -- holds its championship fight at a neutral site . Those sports are forced take whatever comes -- if it 's rainy in St. Louis or frigid in Detroit or wherever , hey , tough luck . That 's the way the World Series ball bounces . Football , however , has the ability to work around this . It chooses its site . It is n't like basketball or hockey , where the team with the best record gets the home-stadium advantage . The NFL selects its Super Bowl sites several years in advance . Well , it selected New York/New Jersey for this one and good luck with that , guys . When this game is over , instead of Gatorade , douse the winning coach with a cooler of hot chicken soup . Peculiar how it 's Peyton Manning who must quarterback his team  the Denver Broncos  in what could be some truly unpleasant Super Bowl weather . February 4 , 2007 : For the first time , Manning took his team  then the Indianapolis Colts  to a Super Bowl game , where everyone would get to see what a skillful , pinpoint passer he was . Oh , and the opponents , the Chicago Bears , had a high-flying offense of their own , scoring the second-most points of any NFL team that season . What a game this would be ! There in tropical Miami -- where it rained and rained and rained . The game was a joke . It had eight turnovers . The wet ball squirted out of players ' hands . Guys slipped as if on banana peels . A great kicker missed an easy field goal . A holder fumbled the snap on an extra point . During one slapstick sequence , a Bear fumbled the kickoff , then a Colt fumbled on the next play . Miami has been host to many a Super Bowl . It is generally warm there in January and a good time is had by all . But that Super Bowl of 2007 was n't a game -- it was a monsoon . It put its players , coaches , referees and , worst of all , its paying spectators through four hours of misery and mess . At halftime , even the singer Prince had to sing "  Purple Rain " in the rain . With a $ 1,200 face value on a ticket now , is this what the NFL wants its fans to endure in years to come ? The possibility of going to a championship game and coming home with the flu ? Or the possibility of a final score of Seattle 3 , Denver 0 in a blizzard ? Super Bowl L -- that 's 50 , for all you Roman numeral haters -- is booked for 2016 for a field that is n't even operational yet : Levi 's Stadium in Santa Clara , California , the future home of the San Francisco 49ers . It will undoubtedly be a beautiful place . But it wo n't have a roof . California is having a drought , and it 's not exactly an Amazon rain forest up there . But if that Super Bowl L game ends up being played in a torrential downpour , do n't say we did n't warn you . At this time , NFL teams that have a stadium with a roof are the Atlanta Falcons , Detroit Lions , New Orleans Saints and St. Louis Rams  domed  and the Arizona Cardinals , Dallas Cowboys , Houston Texans and Indianapolis Colts  retractable  . Arizona will host the 2015 game , Houston the one in 2017 . Beyond that , we shall see . A lot of serious thought should be given to making sure that every Super Bowl is played in optimal conditions , so that the players themselves decide the outcome , not the cold , rain or snow . South Florida and Northern California and other nice places want the game -- of course they do . Who would n't ? But they can not make a promise on Mother Nature 's behalf . They can merely cross their fingers and hope . As for the New York and New Jersey area being host to a game like this in February , wow , whose stupid idea was THIS ? New York and New Jersey have some of the smartest , most loyal football fans in the world . Let them watch Jets and Giants games in their stadium week after week in all kinds of weather and all kinds of clothes . Then tell them to please be sure to watch the Super Bowl every year -- on TV . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : Football gets to choose where its championship game is played Why risk playing in New Jersey where rain , snow or cold could interfere ? Downey : Hold Super Bowls in stadiums with domes or retractable roofs He says New York area fans should watch the Super Bowl -- on TV
A compounding pharmacy at the center of a fungal meningitis outbreak last year has agreed to a preliminary settlement that would create a $ 100 million fund for victims . The fund will also be used to pay off creditors of the bankrupt New England Compounding Center , attorneys in the case said . A judge will have to approve the plan before it goes into effect . The nationwide meningitis outbreak was linked to steroid injections distributed by the Massachusetts-based pharmacy . More than 700 illnesses and 64 deaths in 20 states were blamed on the injections , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . But the CDC noted the deaths are from "  all causes among persons who meet the case definition and The pharmacy 's owners said they deny any liability or wrongdoing , but want to play a major role in establishing a fund for those who died or suffered "  as a result of this tragic outbreak , " according to a statement announcing the settlement . Paul Moore , a trustee of the bankrupt pharmacy , supported the preliminary settlement agreement . "  We are pleased that a significant amount of funds will become available for distribution to victims and their families as compensation for the deaths , injuries and suffering they endured as a result of this tragic meningitis outbreak , " Moore said . The settlement amount would be funded by cash from the pharmacy 's owners as well as other sources , such as insurance , tax refunds and the sale of a related business . Ripple effect In February , Massachusetts health officials ordered 11 compounding pharmacies to completely or partially shut down after unannounced inspections in the wake of the fungal meningitis outbreak . "  Over the course of the unannounced inspections , partial or complete cease and desist orders were issued to 11 pharmacies for a range of violations , " the health department said . Following the outbreak , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick 's administration said it launched "  a series of aggressive initiatives " aimed at preventing a recurrence . Those include new regulations requiring sterile compounding pharmacies to report volume and distribution to the state for the first time and the hiring of additional inspectors .	New England Compounding Center was linked to tainted steroid injections A nationwide fungal meningitis outbreak was linked to the pharmacy 's steroid injections 700 illnesses and 64 deaths across the country were blamed on such injections Pharmacy owners deny wrongdoing , but say they want to help those who suffered from the outbreak
Mashable  -- If you 're confused because your Facebook News Feed is filled with women saying that they "  like it on " the floor or the kitchen counter , you 're not alone . It 's all part of a new Internet meme that has gone viral on Facebook to raise awareness for breast cancer . First things first , though : These women are actually referring to where they like to place their purses , not to their favorite places to make love . Of course , part of the reason this meme has gone viral is due to its heavy sexual connotations . The reason for all of these "  I like it on " status updates is simple : October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month , and hundreds of thousands  if not millions  of women are using this meme as a rallying cry to raise awareness for cancer research . The status updates naturally get their friends to ask them about their commentary , which is exactly the point of this meme . Like any social platform , Facebook is susceptible to rapidly spreading memes . In January bra color status updates started dominating newsfeeds worldwide , again to raise awareness for breast cancer . While we do n't know where the campaign originated from , it 's cute , fun and generating some buzz  especially useful , as the commenters point out , for getting women to go in for their medical examinations  . Still , we ca n't forget that this is a disease that will kill 10 million women in the next 25 years , so we also implore you to donate to breast cancer research if you can . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month Women are actually referring to where they like to place their purses Part of the reason this meme has gone viral is due to its heavy sexual connotations
LONDON , England  CNN  -- While many films spend a brief period in the spotlight before fading into obscurity , there are some which seem to grow increasingly powerful over time . Nora Aunor stars in "  Himala " as Elsa , a young girl who changes everyone 's lives when she reveals her connection to the Virgin Mary . Lost Filipino classic "  Himala , " is one such film that looks set for a revival over two decades after it was first released . Web site users voted to award the late Filipino director Ishmael Bernal 's film the top prize in the CNN APSA Viewers Choice Award for Best Asia-Pacific Film of All Time , edging Akira Kurosawa 's acknowledged classic "  Seven Samurai " into second place . This comes as a late but significant accomplishment for the film which was made in 1982 . "  Himala " has won numerous awards in its native Philippines and remains the first and only Filipino film to have been shown in competition at the prestigious Berlin International Film Festival . "  Himala , " which means "  miracle " in the Filipino language Tagalog , tells the story of a poor provincial girl named Elsa who claims to have seen the Virgin Mary and then demonstrates the ability to cure the sick . She takes on the persona of a saint , and her sudden fame brings about a rush of changes in her community , for both better and worse . Scriptwriter Ricky Lee , based his story on a real incident on Cabra Island , in Mindoro Occidental , Philippines . In the late 1960s , reports of a young girl who had experienced visions of the Virgin Mary attracted salvation-seeking pilgrims and curious tourists in droves . Lee wanted to create an unflinching depiction of the place of faith and religion in desperate and unforgiving times . Producer Charo Santos-Conci 's first impression of the script was that the subject matter hit close to home for the Filipinos , who are mostly Catholic . "  This was a representation of how much faith really runs in the blood of the Filipinos , " he said , "  We 're a very poor country and I think it 's such a relief for us to know that this strong faith in each one of us is -LSB- what 's -RSB- guiding us and propelling us to face all the challenges . " Lee and Bernal also collaborated closely , continuing to work on Lee 's original script , reworking the film 's characters to make them as real as possible . Filming was completed in just a month in the arid , desolate area of Ilocos Norte in the northern Philippines , on a meager budget of just over $ 60,000 . Ilocos locals with no acting experience were hired as extras to cut costs , and Lee remembers them as a genuinely wretched bunch who "  knew how it was to suffer " and "  to pray for a miracle . " Lee had insisted on having actress Nora Aunor , who was 29-years-old at the time , in the lead role . Apart from the rising star 's talent , he saw parallels with Elsa in her . "  Her relationship with her fans was almost like the relationship of Elsa with her followers in the film and so I thought that it was a very strange and mysterious , " says Lee . And to add a supernatural twist to the film 's history , Aunor says that she had dreamt of the Virgin Mary on the night before the part of Elsa was offered to her . Since then Aunor has become one of the Philippines ' biggest superstars , though "  Himala " is still considered her finest work . Your say : which classic movies do you think should be resurrected ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box . In her character 's final speech in "  Himala " , which both Lee and Santos-Conci say is their favorite scene , she resolutely confesses to a motley crowd of worshippers that "  there is no miracle . " After telling the people to seek the truth within themselves , she is assassinated by a faceless follower . "  Long after the film was shown , I would talk to university students and they would always ask , ` So , who killed Elsa ? ' " says Lee of the climactic ending , which underwent several on-set rewrites . "  And I always tell them that in the end , we killed her . In the end , we killed Elsa . In the end , people could not bear to hear the truth from her because they wanted to survive . " Lee believes the film 's message is still relevant today , particularly for Filipinos , because it confronts how easily people attach their faith to almost anything they think might ease their suffering in times of hardship and despair . Whatever it is that audiences see in "  Himala 's " unique story , it would certainly seem that it is finally gaining the recognition it deserves .	Triumph for film at international awards ceremony after more than two decades Scriptwriter Ricky Lee talks about working with late director Ishmael Bernal "  Himala 's " message continues to strike a chord with audiences today
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- A proposed regulation in the Dominican Republic could stop illegal immigrants from studying in the nation 's public schools . Immigration officials say requiring students to have valid identification documents is part of the nation 's sovereign right . But immigrant advocates have criticized the move , which is likely to affect a large number of immigrants from neighboring Haiti . "  We recognize that there is a human drama , a social drama impacting the Dominican Republic in terms of migration that particularly affects the case of our Haitian neighbors . And obviously Dominican society needs to approach it responsibly , " said Jose Ricardo Taveras , the Dominican Republic 's general director of migration . After a 7.0-magnitude earthquake devastated Haiti in January 2010 , more than 200,000 displaced Haitians crossed the border , according to the International Organization for Migration . Since then , many have returned to Haiti . But historic tensions between the neighboring nations remain . There are about 54,000 foreign children studying in the country 's schools , nearly half of whom are undocumented , according to government estimates . Children born in the Dominican Republic to illegal immigrant parents are not Dominican citizens , according to the country 's constitution . It was unclear when the proposed regulation , which was included in a draft plan presented to the Dominican Republic 's president on Wednesday , would go into effect . The president will have the final say on whether -- and when -- to implement regulations presented by immigration officials . The proposed measures also would require residency permits for foreigners and impose fines on businesses that hire illegal immigrants . Dominican Republic Education Secretary Josefina Pimentel said foreign students still have access to public education , and that officials have been working to help immigrant students obtain the necessary documentation . But immigrant advocacy organizations have said the government should reconsider its approach . "  We need to design a migration policy that conforms with the rule of law and conforms with the focus on human rights , which is what we are proposing , " said Roque Feliz , deputy director of Centro Bono , a Jesuit nonprofit . In a statement Wednesday , the organization criticized immigration officials . "  We are aware that modern states are sovereign and define their migration policies , but ... no law nor any regulation can infringe on rights guaranteed in the constitution , " the statement said . Taveras has defended the new measures , saying authorities are not violating human rights or aiming to deprive children of education . "  To enroll a Dominican child in a school , it is necessary to present a birth certificate , so it is the same for foreigners . We are not trying to violate , but rather regulate , " he told CNN affiliate Telesistema . Dominican authorities have historically shied away from enforcing immigration laws , he said , noting that the country 's immigration problems have long been complex and controversial . In recent years , immigration from Haiti has remained high , he told Telesistema , because the international community has not done enough to help Haiti after the 2010 earthquake . The Dominican Republic was the first country to give aid to Haiti in the earthquake 's aftermath , sending food , medicine and rescue crews . But historically , a much wider gap in relations has existed between Haiti and the Dominican Republic since colonial times . Dominicans recall how they were under Haitian rule for a period in the mid-1800s , and how they repeatedly fought Haitian aggressions . Today , Haitians provide cheap labor in the Dominican Republic , a trend that has caused resentment on both sides , not unlike the illegal immigration debate in the United States . The Dominican Republic gained its independence from Haiti in 1844 , after Haiti occupied it . By the early 20th century , Haitians had become a source of cheap labor in the neighboring country . Racism and security concerns resulted in a massacre in 1937 , when Dominican leader Rafael Trujillo ordered the execution of Haitians living near the border between the countries , resulting in the killing of 20,000 to 30,000 Haitians , historians say . Taveras told Telesistema it was time for his country to do more to enforce immigration laws . "  We have to push this , " he said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Dominican officials say immigration regulations are the country 's sovereign right Immigrant advocates have criticized the move It is likely to affect a large number of immigrants from neighboring Haiti "  We are not trying to violate  rights  , but rather regulate , " one official says
CNN  -- When Barack Obama is sworn in as the 44th president of the United States , the wish list that has been building abroad may have grown longer than he or anyone else can deliver . The world 's newspapers marked Barack Obama 's election win . Now , world governments want him to act . There are the apparently eternal conflicts of the Middle East and Kashmir , between India and Pakistan , that have already reared their ugly heads almost as a warning even before Obama took office . Between them , they engulf most of the grievances and violence that shape the Islamic world and its relations with the United States . Intense U.S. involvement will be needed to help resolve both of the conflicts . This will require imagination , creative out-of-the-box diplomacy , and the courage to see it through both from the United States and leaders on the ground . Going back even to the status-quo ante will no longer be sufficient . The 30-year-old rupture in relations between the United States and Iran is also expected to be addressed as a key priority by the new administration . Both the president-elect and his secretary of state-designate have said they want to abandon the silent treatment and isolation of previous administrations and try engaging Iran , as a way of resolving difficult issues such as its nuclear program and its influence in Iraq and Afghanistan . Watch Amanpour talk about world views of Obama " The United States remains bogged down in hot wars in both of those countries . While the Obama administration plans to increase troops and nation-building in Afghanistan , it is also signaling it will not give President Hamid Karzai 's government the "  free ride " he is thought to have received from the Bush administration . Karzai will be expected to root out corruption and better address the needs of the Afghan people . The new administration will also try to revive nuclear arms agreements that have been abandoned over the last eight years and try to forge a more constructive relationship with Russia , while persuading that country to meet its international obligations too . While many allies -- and adversaries -- welcome the new U.S. administration 's declaration to use diplomacy and soft power , the question remains : Will Washington 's allies also pull their weight in helping set their common agenda ? Many nations and governments say they welcome America 's vital global leadership , and the question at the start of the Obama administration is : Will they rise robustly to the occasion , and not just carp from the sidelines ? While much is expected from Obama , much , too , will be expected from his allies .	World has long wish list for Barack Obama when he becomes president Solving problems will need creative diplomacy and courage , Amanpour says Middle East , Iran and Kashmir all need attention Amanpour asks if world nations will rise to help U.S. or just carp from sidelines
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The bay pilot who steered a container ship into the San Francisco Bay Bridge in 2007 , causing a massive oil spill , pleaded guilty Friday to violating misdemeanor pollution laws and faces up to 10 months in prison , federal prosecutors said . The Korean-flagged Cosco Busan rammed into San Francisco 's Bay Bridge on November 7 , 2007 . Prosecutors dropped felony charges against him . John Joseph Cota , 61 , pleaded guilty to violating the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 , a law enacted in the wake of the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska , and the Migratory Bird Treaty Act . Cota gave orders to officers controlling the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan as the ship was leaving fog-shrouded San Francisco Bay , California , on November 7 , 2007 . The 901-foot ship struck fenders around the base of a bridge support tower , rupturing two of the ship 's fuel tanks and spilling about 53,000 gallons of oil into the bay . At least 2,000 migratory birds were killed . At the time , officials estimated clean-up costs at $ 60 million . "  Today 's guilty plea is a reminder that the Cosco Busan crash was not just an accident , but a criminal act , " said John C. Cruden , acting assistant attorney general for the Justice Department 's Environment and Natural Resources Division . "  John Cota was an experienced ship pilot that was handsomely compensated for his special knowledge of ships and expertise in local waters . His failure to act prudently under the circumstances caused a major environmental disaster that could have been far worse , " said Joseph Russoniello , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of California . Cota has piloted about 4,000 ships in the bay during his 27-year career , said his attorney , Jeffrey Bornstein . Bonstein said Cota is remorseful and accepts responsibility for his part in the accident . But Bornstein also criticized the accident investigation . He said it was unfair and protected others who also bear responsibility . "  Captain Cota has been vilified by the media , lost his job , will now go to jail for at least 60 days , and still suffers under the weight of crushing civil lawsuits , " Bornstein said . "  He understands and accepts responsibility for his part in the accident and hopes that others will step forward and accept their roles and responsibilities as well . " Cota will be sentenced to 2 to 10 months in prison and be fined between $ 3,000 and $ 30,000 , if the plea terms are accepted by U.S. District Court Judge Susan Illston . Sentencing is scheduled for June 19 . Prosecutors said the plea included factual admissions by Cota , including an acknowledgment his negligence "  was a proximate cause of the -LSB- oil -RSB- discharge . " Cota also admitted that he failed to discuss the planned route with the ship 's master or crew as required , or to use the ship 's radar in the final approach to the bridge . He also failed to recognize two red triangles on the ship 's electronic chart system that marked bridge tower buoys . Attorney Bornstein said the ship 's master told Cota the red triangles represented the lights on the bridge , "  which in Capt. Cota 's knowledge were at the center of the span . He had no reason to think that the master did n't know what he was talking about . " See the path As part of the plea agreement with Cota , the government agreed to dismiss false statement charges pending against him . Those charges alleged that Cota failed to disclose his medications on required Coast Guard forms . The court ruled those charges would be tried separately . But Cota admitted in the plea papers filed Friday his 2006 physical exam form failed to disclose some of the medications he was prescribed . Among them were two pain medications , three different drugs prescribed as sleeping aids and an antidepressant prescribed for an off-brand purpose . Bornstein said there is no evidence that medication played any role in the accident . At Friday 's hearing , Illston set trial for the remaining defendant in the case , the ship 's manager , Fleet Management Ltd.  Hong Kong  , for Sept. 14 . The charges include acting negligently , killing protected migratory birds , obstructing justice and making false statements by falsifying ship records after the incident .	John Joseph Cota pleads guilty to violating misdemeanor pollution laws The pilot faces up to 10 months in prison , federal prosecutors say Container ship Cosco Busan slammed into San Francisco 's Bay Bridge in 2007 Massive oil spill killed more than 2,000 birds and cost $ 60 million to clean up
CNN  -- One woman died and at least eight other people were hospitalized after being exposed to an odor at a McDonald 's restaurant in eastern Georgia , a police chief said Thursday . Police and fire personnel were called to one of the chain 's restaurants in Pooler , just west of Savannah , about 11:50 a.m. Wednesday , Pooler Police Chief Mark Revenew said . Upon arrival , first responders found two people unconscious in the women 's restroom and also "  became stricken  by  an odor , " according to Revenew . Pooler Fire Chief Wade Simmons said crews "  immediately backed out and put on their breathing apparatus , " at which point they re-entered the bathroom . The stench notwithstanding , Revenew said , authorities were able to bring the women outside and begin providing medical attention , including CPR . Nine people , including three firefighters , were transported to a local hospital . The nine included Anne Felton , 80 , of Ponte Vedra , Florida , who died . The police chief said that although an investigation is under way , authorities do not anticipate filing criminal charges . "  It appears to be an accident , " Revenew said . The chief did not offer any other details , including the cause or nature of the toxic fumes . And in a statement released through McDonald 's corporate offices , franchise owners John and Monique Palmaccio said "  authorities have been unable to determine the cause of the incident . " The owners noted that the restaurant reopened Wednesday afternoon after authorities , following a "  thorough investigation , " "  deemed  the location  to be safe . " "  We  are deeply saddened by this tragic incident , " the Palmaccios said , adding that they are continuing to work with authorities . "  The safety of our customers and employees has and will continue to be our number one concern . " CNN 's Melanie Whitley and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Pooler , Georgia , police chief says 2 people were found unconscious in a bathroom Nine people , including 3 firefighters , were sent to a hospital due to an odor The chief said the incident "  appears to be an accident " "  Saddened " owners say the restaurant reopened after being deemed safe
CNN  -- It 's here again -- the tournament that sees Africa 's finest battle for footballing glory . South Africa is hosting the 29th edition of the Africa Cup of Nations  AFCON  , welcoming 16 teams from across the continent . Holders Zambia will be looking to defend last year 's fairytale triumph when they won their first-ever AFCON title after beating a star-studded Ivory Coast team in a dramatic penalty shootout . The tournament kicks off on 19 January , with the host nation taking on debutants Cape Verde in Johannesburg . The final takes place on February 10 . Click on the country markers above to find out more about the teams taking part .	Africa Cup of Nations kicks off on 19 January Hosts South Africa take on Cape Verde in opening match Holders Zambia will be looking to defend last year 's triumph
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If there was a most wanted list for climate change culprits , coal-fired power stations would be number one . Protesters camping near the site of a proposed coal-fired power station in Kingsnorth , England . Burning coal contributes half of the excess carbon dioxide  CO2  polluting the earth 's atmosphere , a statistic not lost on the hundreds of climate change protesters camping in a grassy field near Kingsnorth power station in Kent , England this week . Power company E.ON is planning to build a new coal-fired power plant on the site , subject to approval by the British government later this year . It 's one of four power stations on a UK government shortlist to trial the country 's first commercial-scale carbon capture and storage  CCS  technology . The International Energy Agency estimates CCS could reduce carbon dioxide emissions from power plants by more than 85 percent . Protesters at the Climate Camp concede that if CCS technology was available now and could be fitted to the proposed power station then "  maybe we 'd look at it . " So what is CCS ? Carbon Capture and Storage refers to the process of stripping carbon dioxide from fossil fuels before or after they 're burnt to produce energy . The carbon dioxide is then piped back into the earth to a depth of at least 800 meters -- deep enough for the pressure of the earth to keep it in a liquidized form where it stays for thousands , if not millions , of years . Where is it stored ? Depleted oil and gas reservoirs are currently the most practical place to store large volumes of carbon emissions . More research would have to be done on other alternatives including deep saline aquifers and deep coal seams . Stuart Haszeldine , Professor of Geology at the University of Edinburgh says there 's no shortage of potential storage sites . "  You need the pairing of a porous reservoir overlayed and sealed by a lid of impermeable mudstone or salt rock , which is even better . That 's actually very common worldwide . " Why is n't it being done ? Well , it is being done , but only a small scale . Trials are underway in a number of countries including Norway , Algeria and Australia . Last week , Australia 's national science agency , the CSIRO , announced plans to test China 's first post-combustion capture  PCC  technology at a pilot plant in Beijing . The problem is that while the different processes needed to capture and store carbon dioxide have been around for years , no one has brought them together on a large enough scale to cope with the volume of emissions from a typical power plant . And then there 's the cost ... Professor Haszeldine estimates that if a new power plant costs $ 1.5 billion to build , it 'll cost an extra $ 700,000 to fit the capture equipment on the first experimental plants . In theory , the extra cost could be added to consumers ' electricity bills but in a competitive power market how many customers would be willing to pay an environmental premium for their electricity and gas ? Would you pay more for ` greener ' power ? Sound off below "  It 's a very immature economic market , " says Ian Phillips , director of infrastructure at CO2DeepStore , a UK-based company dedicated to the commercialization of carbon storage . "  The people who might do the industrial scale-up -- the power stations -- have no economic incentive , " he says . Show me the money Aside from government subsidies and investment by companies and private parties , an obvious way to fund the change is through cap and trading schemes . Europe 's Emissions Trading Scheme is the world 's largest for greenhouse gas . It works like this : Energy companies are given strict limits as to how much carbon dioxide they can emit each year . If they exceed the limit or cap , they have to buy more . In 2014 , the system is set to change . Energy companies will have to buy all their emissions permits , so from then on any company that stores some or all of its CO2 wo n't have to pay . If only it was that simple ... "  The problem is that the price of maybe $ 35  $ 54  or $ 40  $ 62  per ton of carbon dioxide will not be enough to fund the gap in the extra estimated cost of these new power plants , " explains Professor Haszeldine . "  There has to be a role of member state governments to bridge that gap . In principle that 's possible because the government will receive the income from dirty power plants who will have to buy their emissions . What they need to do is take some of that income and give a grant or subsidy to those first experimental power plants . " The theory is that as CCS techniques become more efficient , the cost of capturing carbon will come down so that from around 2020 it will become cheaper for companies to store carbon than to emit it . Is it really the way to go ? Environmentalists are wary . Friends of the Earth says it 's happy for CCS technology to be tested as long as it does n't divert attention and funds away from developing renewable energy . "  We are all accepting that a demonstration of CCS is reasonable -- you keep your options open in a situation of urgent global need , " says Neil Crumpton , adding , "  CCS in our view would be mainly a stop gap or a transition technology while we build solar technologies . " So it is dangerous ? In a word , no . Geologists are confident the C02 wo n't escape from sites approved for storage . Most of the underground vaults would be out at sea anyway . In some instances , the CO2 could be stored under residential areas , but strict licensing procedures and the need for constant , rigorous testing should allay fears . "  One could argue that in an emergency situation even if you keep most of the CO2 down for one to two hundred years , you 've got yourself out of the danger zone , even if it does begin to leak , " says Neil Crumpton . Professor Haszeldine says the environmental cost of not doing it could be catastrophic . "  The risk of not doing it is that the world continues to put carbon dioxide into the atmosphere from burning fossil fuels whether it 's coal or gas or oil . The consequences of not doing it are absolutely catastrophic to ocean ecosystems and to the climate system of the world as we know it . " Have your say . Is CCS the way to go ? Send us your comments by clicking the "  Sound Off " button below .	CCS technology being tested in small-scale projects around the world Carbon dioxide removed from fossil fuels and piped back underground Depleted oil and gas fields seen as best place to store captured CO2 Change could be partially funded by emissions trading schemes  ETS
CNN  -- Recent events have left Syria watchers near breathless : government loss of control of border crossings into Iraq and Turkey , rebels temporarily holding portions of Damascus , the unexplained movement of some of Syria 's extensive arsenal of chemical weapons , and fighting spreading to the streets of the traditional Alawite stronghold of Aleppo . Most dramatic though was the bombing of a National Security Council meeting in the heart of Syria 's defense establishment , the Levantine equivalent of a bomb going off in the White House situation room . Among those killed was Assef Shawkat . Shawkat was Syria 's chief of military intelligence during my time at CIA . The agency spent a great deal of time trying to work with him to get the Syrians to stanch the flow of foreign fighters through Damascus airport and onward into Iraq . The Syrians never offered more than token cooperation , a policy that many in Damascus may now regret as the routes they sponsored have been reversed with fighters now entering Syria from Iraq . Our assessment at the time that Shawkat was tough , professional and loyal has stood up . Married to President Bashar al-Assad 's sister , he seems to have been providing a significant fraction of the regime 's spine over the past year . No one who has met al-Assad has come away impressed with the man 's leadership or decisiveness . If fate had been more kind , his elder brother Bassel would not have crashed his car and died in an automobile accident and al-Assad could have lived out his days in an environment for which he was much better suited : doing eye surgery in London , building a happy family with his thoroughly Anglicized Sunni wife . Personally ill-equipped to enact any of the "  reforms " he sometimes called for , unable or unwilling to bend the Assads , Mahkloufs and other Alawite clans to a new direction , al-Assad is now doubling down on his father 's violent response to opposition with none of Hafez Assad 's skill or political sense . Opinion : Syria 's chemical weapons threat demands response I hesitate to call last week 's events a tipping point , but Shawkatt 's death  along with the other senior fatalities  will shake the Alawites to their core . Although some are irreversibly all in , there will certainly be others ready to cut their losses . And so , many observers are now focusing on endgame scenarios , particularly what a successor regime might look like . That question turns on what exactly is happening on the ground . The intelligence community has been continually asked to characterize the opposition -- its strengths , weaknesses , foreign influences . leadership , trustworthy personalities , untrustworthy components , political demands and overall intentions . But beyond these discreet facts , the intelligence community will also have to provide a narrative and identify compelling plot lines to help inform and shape policy . There are actually several plots lines affecting Syria today , all of them true and all of them relevant . In a curious way , at a macro-geopolitical level , we are seeing a resurgence of a broad East-West competition , with the Russians -- stung by what they view as the West 's "  bait and switch " U.N. resolution authorizing action in Libya -- joining the Chinese in blocking meaningful action through the United Nations . Similarly , the broad Sunni-Shia competition in the region has Shia Iran trying to protect its lone Arab ally by putting its thumb on the Syrian scale with arms and advisors while Saudi Arabia , Qatar and other Sunni states arm and train the opposition . The most visible narrative is the one recorded on cell phone videos and broadcast daily showing a vicious , autocratic state using superior weaponry to gun down a determined and popular opposition . This is the plot line that has galvanized world opinion , igniting calls for intervention from a variety of sources . As true as this narrative is , it is also incomplete . Syria is a multi-ethnic and religiously plural society . The Alawites and other Shia remnants comprise about 13 % of the population ; for 40 years they have controlled the state and have not hesitated to brutalize the more than 60 % of the population who are Arab Sunnis and who are now in the streets attempting to overthrow their persecutors . The rest of the population -- ethnic Kurds  10 %  , Druze  3 %  and Christians  10 %  -- remain largely on the sidelines , for now at least as fearful of a Sunni successor government as they are of continued Alawite control . Thus we should not allow the dramatic power of the most visible narrative , the struggle between oppressed and oppressor , to drown out the sad reality of another less noble story line -- namely that this is still , at least for now , a sectarian conflict . That this is the dominant narrative , the one that is most controlling and the one we should pay most attention to , is suggested by Vali Nasr 's 2006 post mortem on Iraq . Nasr observed that we mistakenly "  thought of politics as the relationship between individuals and the state " rather than recognizing "  that people in the Middle East see politics also as the balance of power among communities . " We would do well to keep that in mind as the Syrian end game approaches . We should accelerate work to get the minorities into the game against the regime , hastening its end and broadening its opposition . The Christian and Kurdish communities have historic ties to the West that should play to our advantage in this . We should also meter our support to the opposition based on its inclusiveness . Syrians before the Assads lived in relative religious and ethnic harmony under largely Sunni rule . It could be so again , but Lebanon and Bosnia offer examples where historic harmonies have fractured . The fall of the House of Assad is now as inevitable as it is welcome . But if this means a successor regime that is exclusively Sunni , trending fundamentalist and opposed by a third of the Syrian population , it could actually make things worse . And that would be a sad outcome indeed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael V. Hayden .	Michael Hayden : The endgame is approaching for the Syrian regime He says bombing of a security meeting killed Assef Shawkat , a key member of regime Bashar al-Assad lacks his father 's skill or political sense , Hayden says He says U.S. should back opposition elements but regime could be replaced by civil war
CNN  -- Attorneys representing Casey Anthony invoked her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination 60 times during a deposition given in a civil suit against her , according to a transcript of the proceedings . In addition , Anthony 's attorney Charles Greene asserted he would also invoke the Fifth Amendment on her behalf if questioning delved into the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . Anthony , who was acquitted in July of murder charges in Caylee 's death , is being sued in civil court by a woman named Zenaida Gonzalez . When Caylee was reported missing in July 2008 -- a month after she was last seen -- Anthony maintained she had been kidnapped by her nanny , Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez . Authorities were never able to find the nanny . But they did find Gonzalez , who claimed she never met Anthony or her daughter . Gonzalez 's attorneys claim , according to questions asked of Anthony in the October 8 deposition , that Gonzalez was questioned by the police in Caylee 's disappearance , was kicked out of her apartment complex , lost her job and that she and her two daughters received death threats as a result of media attention in the case . Anthony herself said little in the deposition , but did acknowledge she was aware she was being sued by Gonzalez . She also said she has not spoken to her brother , Lee , in the past six months , and has not spoken to her parents , George and Cindy Anthony , since October 14 , 2008 . However , Greene did not permit her to answer questions including whether she had ever met Gonzalez ; whether a person named Zenaida was ever a nanny to Caylee ; or whether defense attorney Jose Baez 's assertion during Anthony 's criminal trial , that Zenaida Gonzalez was one of Anthony 's "  imaginary friends , " was true . She also was not allowed to answer questions about whether she considered herself a good mother to Caylee ; the last day she saw the 2-year-old alive ; and whether she drowned in the Anthonys ' pool in June 2008 , as the defense claimed during Anthony 's criminal trial . Asked why he was invoking Anthony 's right against self-incrimination , Greene said , according to the transcript , "  I need not explain our factual basis other than to tell you that it could tend to incriminate and provide a link in the chain of evidence that could be used against  Anthony  . " Asked by Gonzalez 's attorney John Morgan what pending criminal case that applies to , Greene said , "  We made our objection and that 's all I 'm going to state . " Morgan told Greene he anticipates a hearing before a judge on a motion to compel Anthony to answer some of these questions . Greene said that taking it to a judge is "  the best thing to do . " While Anthony was acquitted on murder charges in Caylee 's death , she was convicted on four counts of lying to authorities investigating the child 's disappearance . She was given credit for time already spent behind bars , however , and was released from jail July 17 . She has remained in seclusion since then , although a judge ruled she must serve a year of probation stemming from her 2010 conviction on check fraud charges . The transcript of the deposition notes that Anthony participated via videoconference from "  an undisclosed location . " "  I hope that you and your counsel understand that we did not ask questions that many people may have wished we did concerning your employment history then or now , where you live , where you stay , " Morgan told Anthony as questioning wrapped up . " ... We did this , this deposition , in pursuit of truth and not in pursuit of sensation . " Anthony has also been ordered to repay more than $ 217,000 to authorities for the costs of investigating Caylee 's disappearance . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Anthony says she has not spoken to her parents in years Zenaida Gonzalez is suing Anthony for defamation Gonzalez lost her job , received death threats , attorneys say
RIVNE , Ukraine  CNN  -- Camouflage-clad militiamen hoist AK-47 assault rifles to their shoulders and blast off a 21-shot salute . As the muzzles flash , another squad of ultra-nationalist fighters chants , "  Our hero is not dead . Glory to him . " A few yards away , a Ukrainian Orthodox priest swings an incense burner . A mother and father weep over the coffin of their dead son . The killing of radical nationalist leader Oleksandr Muzychko , also known by his nickname "  Sasha the White " was enough to make shaven-headed , hardened paramilitary men cry . "  He was like a brother to me and my comrades . But that bastard Putin murdered him , " said Anatoly Valsyuk , as he choked back tears . Valsyuk served under Muzychko , who was commander in western Ukraine for the "  Right Sector , " a recently formed alliance of right-wing and nationalist political parties and militia forces . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said its special agents killed Muzychko Monday night here in the western city of Rivne as he resisted arrest . The Interior Ministry says he was a gangster . But Right Sector leaders are calling for the Interior Minister Arsen Avakov to resign and face murder charges over Muzychko 's death . They say the Avakov is one of Ukraine 's corrupt old-guard politicians and that he and his men may even have been taking orders from Moscow . Whatever the true details of his Muzychko 's death , it is a sign that political partners in the new Ukraine may have old scores to settle -- divisions that Moscow may be poised to exploit . Muzychko and the Right Sector are credited with playing a lead role in this winter 's protests that toppled Ukrainian President Victor Yanukovitch . The nationalist paramilitary militias won admiration from many ordinary Ukrainians for their stiff discipline and determined street-fighting tactics . Mourner Svetlana Bilyus , an English-speaking interpreter , had made the three-and-a-half hour drive from the capital to Rivne to be at the funeral Wednesday . She said she met Muzychko only once , at the barricades around Kiev 's emblematic Independence Square or "  Maidan , " the scene of the deadliest clashes between anti-government protestors and Yanukovitch 's security forces in January and February . "  He was a national hero . He 's an inspiration for millions of Ukrainian people , especially young people . He 's a local Robin Hood , " Bilyus said Muzychko , 52 , reveled in his tough-guy image . His Facebook page is plastered with images of him , crop-haired in combat fatigues giving a raised-arm , clenched fist salute . Others show him relaxing in his favorite Oakland Raiders cap and jacket . According to his comrades , he led a small unit of Ukrainian nationalists to fight alongside Muslim Chechen rebels against the Russians . In contrast , elderly women on the sidelines of his funeral attested to Muzychko 's "  Robin Hood " character . They said he and his men had campaigned heavily for better pension rights for old people across the region . Paramilitary units under the umbrella of the Right Sector have sparked the alarm of Russian President Vladimir Putin . Putin says he fears that these nationalist groups , which he refers to as "  fascists , " will hunt down and attack ethnic-Russians living in Ukraine . Is Russia done after Crimea ? In the wake of the overthrow of the Yanukovitch regime , no such widespread incidents have been reported . But Putin used this as a pretext to forcibly annex the Ukrainian region of Crimea . Now , according to the Pentagon , there are an estimated 30,000 Russian troops , armed with heavy artillery and tanks , massing along Ukraine 's eastern border . The Ukrainian government puts the figure even higher . U.S. and NATO officials say the Russians could roll into Ukraine any time , without warning in a bid to annex Russian-speaking areas of eastern Ukraine or even push into Trans-Nistria , a disputed enclave in the former Soviet republic of Moldova . Ukrainian troops in Crimea opted not to defend their bases in the face of advancing Russian forces . Instead they surrendered naval , air and army facilities one by one or waited until they were overrun . Ukraine 's Defense Ministry estimates up to 75 % of the approximately 15,000 troops based there may have defected to the Russians . But in an interview with CNN , the top national leader of Right Sector , Dmitry Yarosh said fighters under his command would not stand by if Putin ordered the Russian army into other parts of Ukraine . "  The Right Sector will do its best to launch a partisan , guerrilla war . The land will literally burn under the feet of the invaders . We will not be lambs to the slaughter . We will defend our independence by any means necessary , " he said . Despite fears Ukrainian government security forces could target other Right Sector leaders , Yarosh made the trip to Rivne to march alongside Muzychko 's coffin . He was flanked by black-clad bodyguards , one brandishing a Russian-made machine-pistol , the other a high-powered sniper rifle . Yarosh , too , blamed Russian sympathizers within the Interior Ministry for killing Muzychko . Ukraine 's Parliament ousts minister ; military upgrade wanted The popularity of Right Sector and Ukraine 's radical nationalist groups was bolstered so significantly in the anti-government protests that Yarosh thinks he has a real chance at winning the presidency in elections in May . But he stresses personal power is not his main ambition . "  The presidential post is not the goal in itself . We understand we may win or we may lose . This post offers the possibility to bring quality and systematic changes to the country as well as the possibility to ` reload ' the power structure so there is the change of elites not just a change of faces , " Yarosh said . But the rise of Right Sector is not only worrying Moscow but also some Western government officials . Some believe Right Sector is a safe haven for right-wing extremists and even Ukrainian neo-Nazis . Such charges stem back partly to the legacy of Ukraine 's nationalist , partisan forces before and during World War II . While it is true that Ukrainian nationalists sought the help of Nazi Germany to drive the Soviets out of Ukrainian territory , some later fell afoul of the Nazis and ended up in German concentration camps . These days , Yarosh spends a lot of his time trying to dispel such fears . He has even appointed a Ukrainian Jew as one of his most trusted media and communications advisers . "  Right Sector is a nationalistic organization . But Ukrainian nationalism has nothing to do with the German Nazis or the Italian fascists , " Yarosh said . "  We have always been and will always be against xenophobia , anti-Semitism and for Ukraine to have an independent nation where the rights of all the minorities will be guaranteed , " he explained . It 's hard to argue with Yarosh as you meet the stare of his ice-green eyes . But it 's also easy to worry about Right Sector 's true ideological leanings when you see the red-and-black flags , stylized insignia and other paraphernalia of its militiamen . As an afternoon drizzle came down on Muzychko 's funeral , tears snaked along the wrinkles of his father Ivan 's face . His mother Olena lowered a loaf of wholemeal bread into the grave -- a local tradition to ensure her son would not go hungry in the afterlife . And dozens of men who once marched to Muzychko 's command now filed past his grave , tossing handfuls of damp earth onto his coffin . In unison they vowed -- no surrender to the Russians . Obama : U.S. and Europe united over Ukraine crisis U.S. intel : Russia likely to enter eastern Ukraine	Radical Ukrainian nationalist leader Oleksandr Muzychko was killed Monday night Followers hailed him as a national hero and a Robin Hood for Ukrainians Paramilitary units under Muzychko sparked the alarm of Russia 's Vladimir Putin Putin says he fears these "  fascists " will attack ethnic-Russians living in Ukraine
CNN  -- His nickname is "  The Fever . " Mexican officials say Jose Carlos Moreno Flores was a major drug lord in charge of trafficking and operations for a large Mexican cartel in the coastal state of Guerrero , where the beach resort of Acapulco is located . According to Mexico 's Ministry of Defense , Moreno Flores was caught Sunday in Mexico City 's Tlalpan District . His capture is particularly important because Moreno is allegedly tied to the Sinaloa Cartel led by Joaquin "  El Chapo "  Shorty  Guzman , Mexico 's most wanted man . Guzman , who remains a fugitive , commands such a vast international drug trafficking network and his profits from the illicit trade are so big that he made Forbes Magazine 's list of the world 's most powerful . He appeared at number 60 on last year 's list with an estimated fortune of $ 1 billion . The magazine calls him "  the biggest drug lord ever . " The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration is offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to the capture of Guzman . Mexico 's top drug kingpin lord , who 's reportedly 54 , was captured in Guatemala in 1993 , but escaped eight years later . Officials say Moreno Flores , who was considered one of Guzman 's lieutenants , did business with drug traffickers from Costa Rica and Guatemala from his base of operations in Chilpancingo , capital of the state of Guerrero . From Chilpancingo , Moreno Flores shipped the drugs  mainly cocaine  to the United States by land . "  The Fever " was also allegedly in charge of the cultivation , harvesting and distribution of marijuana in the fertile mountain region of Guerrero state . Violence in Chilpancingo had recently increased because a group of Sinaloa Cartel operatives led by Moreno Flores have been fighting a turf war with a rival group known as "  Los Rojos "  The Red Ones  . When he was caught , Moreno Flores was in possession of three high-caliber weapons , communication equipment and one unspecified vehicle .	Jose Carlos Moreno Flores works for a large drug cartel , Mexican officials say He is linked to Mexico 's most wanted man , they say He shipped cocaine to the U.S. , mostly by land , the officials say
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military said Tuesday that its forces have taken over a Taliban stronghold during the ongoing ground offensive in the tribal region of South Waziristan . Pakistani security forces have secured Sararogha and have started to clear the town of weapons and ammunition , the military said . It comes a day after its forces gained control of Kaniguram , another key Taliban stronghold , which the military says its forces have now completely secured . According to the military , 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier died in the past 24 hours of fighting -- most of them in the raid on Sararogha . The military is trying to rout Taliban insurgents operating along the Pakistan-Afghan border . The restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is the headquarters of the Pakistani Taliban . Pakistan 's military suspects its leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , is still in the region backed by up to 8,000 militant fighters . Pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success , sometimes agreeing to peace deals that eventually fall apart . Army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas recently told CNN that this time a peace deal is not an option . "  Certainly there is no scope of a peace deal , " Abbas told CNN . "  It is a fight to the finish . " The military began its ground offensive in South Waziristan three weeks ago , however the region has been affected by a broader anti-Taliban offensive that has uprooted more than 180,000 people this year , according to the United Nations . Many of those people -- more than 94,000 -- have fled South Waziristan since June , the U.N. said last week . In recent weeks , Pakistan has been relentlessly rocked by a wave of attacks as Islamic militants retaliate against the military campaign . On Monday , the Pakistani cities of Lahore and Rawalpindi were hit by separate suicide bombings . A suicide attacker believed to be on a motorcycle targeted people outside a bank in Rawalpindi who were lined up to pick up their monthly checks , police said . That attack killed 30 people , police said on Tuesday . The attack happened in the Cannt area of Rawalpindi , close to Pakistan 's military headquarters where the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , was meeting with Pakistan 's army chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani on Monday . It was unclear if he was there at the time of the attack . Hours later , two suicide bombers detonated their explosives at a police checkpoint in Lahore , injuring 17 police and civilians . CNN 's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Pakistani forces secure Sararogha , clearing the town of weapons and ammunition Pakistan : 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier die in the past 24 hours of fighting Restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is headquarters of Pakistani Taliban Pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success
CNN  -- For the past five years , Austria-based art historian and photographer Alfred Weidinger has traveled across Africa in search of royalty . His photography project , The Last Kings of Africa , is his attempt to capture the beauty and mystique of the region 's most powerful sovereigns . So far he has photographed 220 tribal kings and leaders , with many more to go . "  I have a sort of deadline for myself -- which is the end of next year . It 's not a question of the amount of kings or tribal leaders , it 's just a question of countries , " says Weidinger , who plans to visit Africa twice this year and six times in 2015 . "  There are still countries I definitely want to visit , for example Swaziland and the southern part of Sudan . " Weidinger 's photographic endeavors in Africa started in 1979 but the cumbersome equipment typical to that era quickly deterred the photographer . Fast forward 30 years , and a chance commission for a photographic exhibition sparked a long-term project where the lavish culture of Africa 's dynasties became the focus . Weidinger had no definitive guide to help him locate all of Africa 's royals and tribal leaders . Armed with only two cameras and a tripod , his trips were mostly improvised . "  There is no list , there is nothing ! So you just have to go there , " says Weidinger . "  The most important thing is to find one king -- when I have one , he will guide me to the others . " The power game There are hundreds of African monarchies scattered across the continent but in most cases governing power is either restricted or nonexistent . Government officials , however , know it 's best not to overlook the influence these leaders possess over their respective communities . "  Some countries put the monarch system back into the constitution , they give power to the traditional leaders , " says Weidinger . "  In effect , some politicians use it because every tribal leader  represents  an ethnic group and they still follow the words of the elder or the tribal leader , they are not following what is happening with the politicians in the capital . " According to Richard Dowden , the director of The Royal African Society and author of Africa : Authored States , Ordinary Miracles , monarchies tend to flourish in countries with a weak government structure or lacking a formal constitution . In these instances , tribal leaders and monarchs are deemed more trustworthy for getting things done . Niger , Sierra Leone , Burkina Faso and Benin are a few examples of countries with a strong tribal leaders , some of whom occasionally tackle government functions . Fon Ndofoa Zofoa III , for example , makes official decisions over hereditary land in his chiefdom in Babungo in Cameroon . Other leaders , like Sarauniya Aljima , the queen of Lougou in Niger , weigh in on private matters , such as marriage . "  When there is a marriage to be made  in the village , monarchs  will return to sort it out . In these sorts of matters , they do retain a lot of power , " says Dowden . Weidinger found that one thing that seems to distinguish African monarchs from royals across the globe is a keen religious focus : "  Their power is in spirituality and this makes  African monarchs  so unique . " The danger of cell phones Weidinger says that in his opinion , the biggest threat to Africa 's last remaining monarchs is n't local government , but modernity . Though poised in luxurious cloths and perched on gilded thrones , the threat of globalization has disturbed the influence and social standing of many of Wedinger 's subjects . "  When you come to a region and you see that they are working with mobile phones , it 's a kind of sign . If you see mobile phones you definitely know that it 's a dying ethnic group . African culture is changing , there are changes in communication . People are going to the capitals and living where there is no need for a king anymore , " he says , adding that cell phones have made people living in rural communities less isolated . Now , the problems they would typically raise with their community leaders they can take to experts further afield . Dowden , however , thinks these monarchs will retain their power for a while yet . "  I think the chiefs will survive , " he says . "  Depending on how local governments in Africa develop , they 'll either become figures for tourists or they 'll continue to play a very important role . "	Photographer Alfred Weidinger is traveling across Africa to capture the continent 's last remaining monarchs He has photographed 220 tribal kings and chiefs since 2009 The biggest threat to these monarchs , says Weidinger , is cell phones
Washington  CNN  -- Law enforcement officers arrested 22 people Friday in Orlando and Tampa , Florida , as part of an effort to shut down so-called pill mills distributing illegal prescription drugs . Those arrested include five doctors and two pharmacists , federal officials said . Attorney General Eric Holder said the latest busts send "  a clear message that in Florida , which has long been an epicenter for the illegal use and distribution of prescription drugs , the days of easily acquiring these drugs from corrupt doctors and pharmacists are numbered . " The arrests were made as part of Operation Pill Nation II . Drug Enforcement Agency Administrator Michele Leonhart said the operation is part of a strategy to end "  Florida 's role as an epicenter for rogue pain clinics in the United States . " In addition to Friday 's arrests , federal and local law enforcement officers also executed six search warrants in the Tampa area and served orders to a doctor and a pharmacy , immediately revoking their authority to dispense or prescribe controlled substances such as pain medication , according to U.S. Attorney Robert O'Neill . Forty-nine other arrests were made earlier in the operation . Asked whether the crackdown could hamper the ability of people with legitimate needs for pain medicine to get it , Leonhart said , "  a legitimate patient going to a legitimate doctor has no problem . " Leonhart noted the ease of distinguishing real caregivers from pill mills , which run a "  cash and carry " business and do not examine patients before prescribing drugs . Operation Pill Nation I began in South Florida in February . Forty-seven people have been arrested so far in the region , including 17 doctors and five clinic owners , according to federal officials . Seventy doctors and six pharmacies there have lost their ability to dispense controlled substances . In addition , more than $ 18.9 million in cash and other assets have been seized . Friday 's arrests come as the DEA prepares to hold its third Prescription Drug Take Back on Saturday as part of its nationwide efforts to stop the abuse of prescription drugs . Five thousand DEA collection sites will be sprinkled around the country where people can dispose of drugs that may have expired or are unwanted . The DEA said two earlier collection drives brought in more than 309 tons of drugs .	Five doctors and two pharmacists are among those arrested Federal officials want to shut down clinics distributing prescription drugs illegally DEA administrator calls Florida "  an epicenter for rogue pain clinics "
York and Leicester , England  CNN  -- A year ago , historians held their breath as archaeologist Jo Appleby painstakingly dusted centuries of dirt and debris from the curved spine and staved-in skull of a skeleton uncovered under a parking lot in the English city of Leicester . The story of the long-lost king buried beneath a car park made headlines around the world -- but 12 months on , excitement has given way to anger , as enthusiasts and experts argue over what should happen to Richard III 's remains . The once-missing monarch -- best known as the Shakespearean villain accused of murdering his nephews , the Princes in the Tower , to take the throne -- faces one final battle before he can be left to rest in peace : the increasingly bitter fight over where his bones  minus his feet , lost at some point during the past 500 years  will be interred . The judge in the case , Mr. Justice Haddon-Cave has even gone so far as to plead with all concerned "  to avoid embarking on the  legal  Wars of the Roses , part two , " warning that such legal wrangling would be "  unseemly , undignified and unedifying , " and urging them to call in an independent panel of experts to rule on the burial . The original War of the Roses was a bloody civil war which divided England for decades , and eventually saw Richard 's family , the Plantagenets , swept from power . While the experts who carried out the search for Richard III 's remains are keen to see him reinterred in Leicester , others believe it was the medieval king 's wish to be buried in York -- the city they claim was closest to his heart . English rules and regulations governing exhumations should mean that the decision is a straightforward one -- such bodies are usually reburied in the nearest consecrated ground to the archaeological dig site -- but in fact it is proving anything but , with the launch of legal action to try and halt the plans . Read more : Richard III had worms , scientists say Those behind the project had always planned for any bodies they uncovered in their search for Leicester 's long-lost Greyfriars Friary to be reburied at the city 's cathedral , just a stone 's throw away from the now-famous car park . Back then Richard Buckley , lead archaeologist on what he admits to initially thinking of as a "  harebrained scheme , " told CNN how he had applied for a license to exhume any human remains with the words "  In the unlikely event that we find the remains of Richard III ... " But it is this very license that now finds itself at the center of a court battle between the authorities in Leicester and a group calling itself the Plantagenet Alliance , who say more thought should have gone into the reburial . The Alliance -- made up of people who claim to be distantly related to Richard III , and headed by Stephen Nicolay , his 17th great nephew -- objects to the lack of consultation over where the newly-rediscovered king 's bones should be laid to rest . They say that given the remains ' royal status , it should not be a simple case of "  finders keepers . " Instead , they believe that the location of the new grave should be up for discussion . "  What we 're saying is that for a significant historical figure such as Richard III , his remains should be the subject of a broad consultation , " explains Matthew Howarth , the lawyer representing the Alliance . "  All the interested parties should be able to have their say , state their case as to where the bones should be buried ... It should n't be a closed decision . " Read more : New coffin mystery at Richard III site The Alliance eventually wants to see the bones taken to York , a northern city packed to the gills with historic sites and , the group says , with links to Richard III . It is a plea backed up by others in the city . "  Richard was the last northern king , " explains Paul Toy , of York 's Richard III Museum . "  He had lots of estates and he was constantly moving around , but certainly he would identify himself as northern , and York was a city that was very close to his heart ... He was very much part of the civic fabric . " By contrast , say the "  Yorkists , " the ill-fated monarch had little or no connection to Leicester -- other than the fact he was slung into a hastily-dug grave there following his death at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 . Not true , say those in the Leicester camp . "  There 's considerable historical evidence that Richard spent quite a lot of time at his castle here in Leicester , " says the city 's mayor , Peter Soulsby . "  It was from Leicester that he chose to ride out to what would prove to be his last battle , and it was to Leicester that he was returned , and where he was buried on the orders of the new king , Henry . "  And frankly , to be buried by royal command in a city is pretty powerful evidence that this is where he ought to remain . " Read more : Is this the face that launched 1,000 myths ? Soulsby insists that the events of more recent times offer all the more reason for the monarch to be laid to rest in Leicester . "  Leicester 's people have honored Richard for many generations : We have a King Richard 's Road , a King Richard 's School , we even have pubs called after King Richard . "  It 's not just the history that compels us -- it is also the fact that it was the amazing skill of Leicester University 's archaeologists that actually rediscovered the remains , and their incredible forensic work that confirmed they were the remains of King Richard . "  Leicester is where he 's been for 500 years , and Leicester is where he deserves to be reburied , with proper ceremony , and in a tomb fit for a king . " Indeed , the city is speeding full-steam ahead with plans for a new tomb in the cathedral , where a memorial stone has long paid tribute to the last Plantagenet king , and for a visitor center on the site of the Greyfriars car park , telling the story of Richard 's life , his death , and his rediscovery . The council has already bought an old school which is being turned into a museum , and it is clear that there is a commercial aspect to the battle for the bones , since whichever city they end up in is likely to see a tourism boost . Read more : Body found in car park is Richard III Granting a judicial review of the case , Haddon-Cave noted that "  the benefit in terms of prestige and increased tourism ... is obvious . It is said that the foot-fall at Leicester Cathedral has increased 20-fold since the discovery . " Sitting in a quiet corner of the Cathedral Close with his wife Julia , waiting for a tour to begin , Leicestershire local -- but Yorkshire native -- Peter Farnworth believes that 's another reason why the bones should stay close to where they were found . "  York has oodles and oodles of tourist attractions , " he explained . "  Leicester does n't have many , and if it loses Richard , it will have one less . " The Plantagenet Alliance , though , insist that money has nothing to do with their case . "  My clients have no commercial interest in it , " says Howarth . "  They wo n't gain out of any tourism , but they have a very strong view that Richard 's links to the north of England , and to York in particular , mean that he should be buried here . " For Toy , it comes down to the question of what the king himself would have wanted . "  As far as we can tell , as far as we have any idea of where he wanted to be buried himself , it seems to be in York , " he told CNN . "  There 's a sense that Richard III is a king who has had a bad press -- an unfair bad press -- and that responding as far as we can to his known wishes would slightly even things up a bit . " Read more : The mystery of the king and the car park Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Remains of Richard III , last English king to die in battle , excavated exactly a year ago Rediscovery of long-lost skeleton was greeted with elation by history enthusiasts Battle now raging over where bones will be reburied ; Leicester or York are likely sites Judge in the case warns sides against waging undignified "  War of the Roses 2 "
CNN  -- Jaelithe Judy has been taking her son with her when she votes ever since he was born . They 've been talking about politics since he was 4 . Now 7 years old , Isaac likes to say that he 's going to become a science teacher -- and the president of the United States . Judy herself was raised by a politically motivated mom and accompanied her on Equal Rights Amendment marches when she was as young as 8 . It inspired her to become a political blogger , both with MOMocrats and her own blog , The State of Discontent . Tackling heated discussions , educating yourself about issues and getting candid about candidates can be difficult , even for the politically inclined . But political mom bloggers have taken the challenge to a new level : combining the delicate art form of being a parent with being politically active , and including their children in the entire process . "  I think it 's really important to raise children with a sense of public responsibility , " Judy said . "  One of the values I want to instill in my son is this idea that as an American citizen , he 's responsible for paying attention to what the government is doing so later , when he 's old enough to vote , he 's empowered to make rational decisions . " Isaac may not be running for president any time soon , but he 's on the right track . Children inherently possess a sense of fairness , which makes them prime candidates for political understanding and conversations , Judy said . While reaching out on a smaller scale than other parenting-centric mom blogs , these politically motivated websites are a great way to connect like-minded mothers and share ideas . These blogs tend to become increasingly active around elections , Judy said . MOMocrats was one of only 55 national blogs to attend the Democratic National Convention . "  The blog had literally been started in 2007 by three moms talking over coffee in a cafe , " Judy said . "  So we personally felt like recognition as legitimate press from the DNC was a pretty powerful sign that the trend of mothers blogging about politics was being taken seriously by the political establishment and the wider media . " In addition to political blogging , these moms try to incorporate politics into their home life . Molly Teichman 's kids would n't be as interested in politics if their family were n't so actively involved . While she is holding a central committee meeting in the gym , her kids are playing basketball just a few feet away . "  When parents become involved and talk about it , you become a model for your kids , and then they understand that it 's their responsibility to seek out news and information you can trust and make solid decisions on , " said Teichman , a conservative who runs the Political Mommentary blog . She was also an official blogger for the Conservative Political Action Conference . Teichman 's reasons for being so politically active run deep . Her grandmother once posed the question , "  Why do you keep having these children ? Why would you want them to grow up in this world ? " Teichman knew that she had to do something to make a difference in the world her children were growing up in , and that route was politics . Blogging as a politically inclined mother has connected her with both like-minded and opposing party-affiliated women all across the country . While there may be tension between their differing views on issues , Teichman considers the political mom blogger movement to be a beautiful thing . "  When women start to collaborate , there 's this warm , holistic nature , " she said . "  We may be affiliated with different parties , but we come to a consensus and an understanding when the day is over . Both online and at conferences , I just see so much ` come together . ' " Her 10-year-old son , Jackson , is getting caught up in the spell of the election because while his dad has picked a favorite in the political season , Mommy has not . "  He likes to set himself up right between us and ask questions about how we make our decisions , " Teichman said . "  He asks what we 're looking for if we 're watching one of the debates , he asks who 's asking the question , why do they want to know , what 's the reporter , what 's their role ? " In fact , these mom bloggers say there has never been a more exciting or engaging time for kids to become interested in some facet of the election scene . "  As they talk about issues in school or they come up naturally in history or social studies classes , your kids come home and talk about that , " said Joanne Bamberger , the mind behind the PunditMom blog . "  We 're in an election season and that provides a good opportunity to have a conversation , if you want to . " While Bamberger and her husband align with progressive Democratic politics , they do n't want to influence their daughter or her future decisions . This age range , "  between the elementary and tween years , " can be a great time to have political discussions with kids , but it is also incredibly easy to sway their views . Bamberger takes the same kind of balanced approach that she sees in some of the families she interviewed for her book , "  Mothers of Intention . " She has witnessed a trend of families aiming to indoctrinate their kids with hyperpartisan politics , but does n't agree with it . Instead , she suggests explaining all partisan beliefs and objectives , even if they do n't align with your own . "  Our kids understand there is more than one side to every issue , " she said . "  I tell them , we may believe this , but there are other people who think this other thing for varying reasons . " Shannon Drury , founder of The Radical Housewife blog , tries to keep her party affiliation as a separate entity from her children , although she actively talks about politics with them often . Politics actually bring her family together . "  As a political activist myself , I ca n't help but talk with my kids about why I take the stands I do , " she said . "  After all , I share my values about everything else in my life -- I tell them why I recycle , why I drive the speed limit , why I eat my vegetables , and I tell them why I prefer Madonna to Ke $ ha , so I might as well explain why I voted for Obama ! " Drury takes her kids with her to abortion rights rallies , candidate events , marches and even a few Occupy Wall Street-allied demonstrations in Minnesota and Wisconsin . She encourages them that while they are n't old enough to vote now , they can still be a part of the political process with her . Her children are becoming activists in their own right . "  The even greater reward of their childhood activism , though , will be growing into adults who are confident that they have the ability to participate in the political process , no matter where on the liberal/conservative spectrum they eventually fall , " she said . "  Civic engagement is an important part of being a healthy , fully rounded person . " While some moms have the ability to be actively involved in their community or work directly in politics , not all mothers have that ability . Blogging about parenting and politics connects them to this sphere . They can talk about the two topics separately , or how to talk about political news with their kids . "  We do n't talk to our neighbors as much as we used to , so the online community helps , " Judy said . "  The Internet is a wonderful outlet , a great place for women to connect and share parenting experiences . This movement has the potential to create new common-ground alliances between women with very different backgrounds . "	Mom bloggers are tackling the challenges of parenting and being politically active No matter their party affiliation , these bloggers agree that the community aspect helps them Bloggers swap parenting advice and political sparring
The Seattle City Council just voted to put low-wage workers on a path over the next several years to earning a $ 15-per-hour minimum wage . You may think , "  There goes the crazy upper left corner of the country again " -- but there 's method to our madness . This historic measure came after a five-month process that brought together business and civic leaders , unions and nonprofits in tough negotiations . But the real fuel for Seattle 's action came from a growing unease across the United States with income inequality . You could argue that some level of income inequality is required for our system . That inequality is tolerable , though , because it 's coupled with a promise : "  Work hard and you 'll get ahead . " But more of us every day worry that the promise is fading . After the job losses of the Great Recession , the rise of the 1 percent , the headlines showing CEO pay at 257 times average worker pay , the evidence that race and gender exacerbate income inequality , doubts that this generation of kids will be better off than their parents , crushing student debt burdens , and relentless foreclosures , many are left wondering if the middle class was a fleeting 20th-century phenomenon heading toward extinction . Over the course of the last five months , as we 've debated whether and how to raise the minimum wage in Seattle , I 've talked with business owners and workers alike concerned with the widening distance between low-wage workers and the rest of the economy . They all had different thoughts , but they were almost unanimous that we ca n't keep going the way we 're going . We just ca n't expect the people who prepare our food , care for our elders and children , and clean our homes and offices to earn wages that keep them trapped in poverty . These conversations are playing out in cities and towns all over America as people look at their wages , their household expenses , their hopes for their kids and their dreams of retirement . Am I worried about what we 're doing in Seattle ? You bet I am . No other large city has committed to this kind of minimum wage increase . Restaurants are concerned about already thin profits in the industry and wage imbalance between front of house and back of house ; small manufacturers are worried they 'll be even less competitive with manufacturers in other parts of the country and world ; and nonprofit human service agencies do n't know whether funders will step up to cover increased staff costs . In truth , it would be preferable to see minimum wage increases happening at the state or national level as a more equitable way to raise the wages of working people and help businesses thrive on a level playing field . However , gridlock at those levels pushes the fight into cities all over the country . As promised , here 's the method to the madness : The $ 15 per hour figure is a bit art and a bit science , but it 's close to what experts say it costs in our area for a full-time worker to meet basic needs  housing , food , utilities , transportation , etc.  . At Washington state 's current minimum wage of $ 9.32 per hour , the highest state wage in the country , a worker still takes home far less than needed to make rent and pay the bills . A higher minimum wage means more stable individuals , families , neighborhoods and towns . A higher minimum wage means being able to buy your child a pair of shoes . A higher minimum wage means more consumer spending and , I hope , a little more consumer saving . And , no , minimum wage earners are n't going to suddenly become complacent and sit for years in minimum wage jobs . Minimum wage workers have dreams of advancement and accomplishment just like anyone else . A higher minimum wage might mean presenting a truer cost to consumers . If you think it 's odd that a burger , fries and a shake can cost just $ 4 , that 's because that price is subsidized in part by the low wages paid to the people who cook , serve , and clean up after your meal . Seattle -- already in a state with the nation 's highest minimum wage -- was recently announced as one of America 's fastest growing cities . If a high wage is a "  job killer " as some critics say , the experience of cities that have raised wages undermines this too-convenient excuse for inaction . I love my city because of our neighborhoods alive with locally owned shops and restaurants . My city is thriving because of our music and theater scene . My city is productive because of jobs generated by Amazon , Starbucks , the Gates Foundation and the University of Washington .  Puget Sound and Mount Rainier do n't hurt either . We need the plan we 've adopted for getting to $ 15 per hour to work so that we pass a great Seattle on to the next generation , a Seattle that struggles just a little less to make ends meet . Here in the upper left corner of the country , we are taking bold steps to save the dream of an American middle class . We may be just one city , but we are providing a pathway for action in the national conversation to reduce income inequality . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sally J. Clark says Seattle 's minimum wage increase should be a model for other cities She points out that no other major city has committed to this kind of minimum wage increase We ca n't leave people who cook our food and clean our homes trapped in poverty , she says A higher wage , she argues , means more stable individuals , families , neighborhoods
CNN  -- There 's nothing worse than seeing your ex on top of the world while you 're down in the dumps . For two former halves of a sporting power couple , their fortunes could barely be more contrasting . While Danish tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki crashed out of the French Open in the first round , her former fiancee Rory McIlroy has been playing some of the finest golf of his career . The Northern Irishman broke off his engagement to Wozniacki on May 22 -- ending a three-year relationship -- before going on to win the European Tour 's flagship event -- the BMW PGA Championship -- on Sunday thanks to an imperious final-round 66 at Wentworth . McIlroy upped his game further on Thursday , posting a nine-under par opening round 63 at the Memorial Tournament in Ohio . The world No. 6 leads the field by three strokes , having missed out on the course record by two , and his stranglehold on the Jack Nicklaus event could have been even tighter had he not tweaked his left knee on the seventh hole . "  This has been coming , " McIlroy , who will be attempting to win the U.S. Open for the second time in his career when it begins at Pinehurst on June 12 , told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  My performances have been really good , been shooting really good scores . There 's just been runs of holes in tournaments where I have n't played so well and I 've shot it four or five over in the space of nine holes , and that 's really just derailed my tournament . "  Last week I just did n't do that and that 's down to nothing more than hitting good golf shots and hitting good putts and limiting my mistakes whenever I get in trouble on the golf course . " McIlroy showed little sign of being hampered by his knee injury , which was picked up during his second shot at the seventh . "  I wear spikes , so sometimes your foot can get stuck in the ground and you can torque your knee a little too much , " explained the 25-year-old . "  I think that 's what I did , I tweaked it . The inside of it is sore , it 's a little swollen . I 'll go see the physio and get some treatment and get ice on it , and hopefully it will be OK for tomorrow . " Double Masters champion Bubba Watson , his fellow American Chris Kirk and Englishman Paul Casey are in a three-way tie for second , one shot ahead of 2011 PGA Championship winner Keegan Bradley .	Rory McIlroy leads the Memorial Tournament by three shots after opening round The Northern Irishman carded an nine-under par 63 in Ohio Thursday The world No. 6 broke off his engagement to tennis star Caroline Wozniacki last week Wozniacki was knocked out of the French Open in the first round earlier this week
CNN  -- A study finds that air pollution from Asia directly affects the storm pattern over the Pacific Ocean . Researchers further speculate that this could be driving freak winter weather in North America . "  The Pacific storm track is a major driving force over global weather patterns , " says the study 's lead author Yuan Wang , a post-doctorate fellow at the NASA U.S. Jet Propulsion Laboratory . "  The modulated storm track can be linked to abnormal weather behavior in the mid-latitudes of the Northern hemisphere , including U.S. and Canada . " Results from the decade-long research project were recently published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences  PNAS  . Smog central Reports of high levels of air pollution regularly emerge from the Asia region . In January , the U.S. Embassy in Beijing recorded hazardous levels of particulate matter in the Chinese capital 's air , at 18 times the recommended amount by the World Health Organization . Residents were warned to stay indoors . Around the same time , a report by Yale and Columbia sparked debate on whether Indian capital New Delhi had worse pollution than Beijing . Now , Wang and his fellow researchers say pollution in these Asian cities is becoming a global problem . Fossil fuel burning and petrochemical processing in Asia 's rapidly developing economies lead to a build-up of aerosols , fine particles suspended in the air . Typically , aerosol formation is thought of as the antithesis to global warming : it cools our Earth 's climate . But researchers say , too much of any one thing is never good . "  Aerosols provide seeds for cloud formation . If you provide too many seeds , then you fundamentally change cloud patterns and storm patterns , " says co-author of the study , Renyi Zhang , a professor of atmospheric sciences at Texas A&M University in College Station . From east to west The study , which looked at simulated climate models using data from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPCC  , shows that aerosols from Asia are transported to the Pacific region and intensifying the storm track there . Although the results only show the impact specifically on the Pacific Ocean region , researchers theorize that the full effect reaches around the globe . "  We are observing the mid-latitude cyclone system , which transports heat and moisture from low to high latitudes . If this system is changed by air pollution from Asia , then global heat distribution will also be changed . We can expect that weather patterns over other parts of the world can be affected , " says lead author Wang . Co-author Zhang further agrees that it is "  very possible " that abnormal weather such as extremely cold winters in the U.S. are driven by Asian pollution . The experts will conduct more research to assess the full global impact of Asian pollution , including creating more climate models , monitoring storm patterns by satellite , and conducting measurements in the atmosphere .	Particles in the air known as aerosols are responsible for cloud formation More aerosols blowing in from Asia to the Pacific Ocean means intensifying storm patterns , says new study Speculation on intense Pacific storm track driving freak winter weather in U.S. , Canada
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- China has refused nine U.S. Navy ships and one Air Force jet entry to Hong Kong in the past month , U.S. military officials said Friday . China has refused the USS Reuben James , seen in a 1989 photo , a Christmas port call in Hong Kong . Senior Navy officials said that Beijing denied permission for the USS Reuben James , a Navy frigate , to make a holiday port call for sailors at the end of December . The rejection occurred last week , at the same time China refused to allow the USS Kitty Hawk aircraft carrier battle group into Hong Kong for a Thanksgiving holiday port call . A U.S. Air Force C-17 flight that had been scheduled for a routine resupply of the U.S. Consulate in Hong Kong also was denied permission to enter , Navy officials said . The Kitty Hawk battle group was eventually granted permission to enter , but by then the ships were well on their way to port in Japan . Days earlier , China refused to give two U.S. Navy minesweepers safe harbor in Hong Kong during a storm on the high seas . The United States has filed a formal protest with China over the decisions . U.S. officials are baffled about the reason or reasons for the port call refusals . China recently has expressed concerns about U.S. arms sales to Taiwan and President Bush 's October presentation of a Congressional Gold Medal to the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader . Watch China put the blame on the U.S. " There is speculation that the Chinese may have been conducting military exercises that they did n't want the U.S. Navy to see . Others think the refusals may have been the result of a misunderstanding . Officials could not explain why the rejection of the Reuben James had not been disclosed before , even though reporters had repeatedly asked if there were any other pending port calls . One senior Navy official expressed dismay that the information had not been made public by the Pentagon . White House deputy spokesman Scott Stanzel told reporters the White House is "  aware " of the latest refusals and referred reporters to the Pentagon . Stanzel said a "  clarification " on the matter was being sought from Beijing . White House and other Bush administration officials have sought to defuse tensions with China , saying the United States wants to move ahead on broader issues of military cooperation . Navy officials , meanwhile , say Japan is tightening approvals for Chinese navy visits into its ports . Crew members from a Chinese ship making a port call in Japan may not be allowed to tour a Japanese Aegis warship . The U.S.-designed Aegis weapons system enables coordinated operations against threats from aircraft and missiles , surface ships and submarines . It is not clear if the Japanese decision was made at the request of the United States . E-mail to a friend	NEW : China would n't let U.S. Air Force jet land to resupply Hong Kong consulate Frigate USS Reuben James not allowed to enter Hong Kong for port call China last week refused port call for USS Kitty Hawk battle group Two U.S. minesweepers denied safe harbor during storm
CNN  -- Country music fans are loyal and they do n't like to see their legends fall . Randy Travis , one of the genre 's most revered traditional singer-songwriters , was arrested this week after being found naked , smelling apparently of alcohol and lying on a remote roadway in northern Texas , authorities said . In a genre largely led by artists who can achieve chart-topping tunes and high-grossing concert tours , industry consultants and radio station personalities say Travis , 53 , faces significant challenges ahead and should first address whatever issues may have led to this incident . Country 's unique "  cradle to the grave " fan base will likely stick with Travis , one industry expert told CNN . "  Country music fans are notorious for their loyalty , " said Wade Jessen , senior chart manager for Billboard in Nashville . "  They tend to live the artist 's lives with them -- good , or bad ,  but  only up to a point . " Country singer Travis arrested , accused of DWI Some say Travis may have reached that point Tuesday evening . Travis was driving his black 1998 Pontiac Trans Am , which went off the north side of a highway just west of Tioga , Texas , where he resides , and struck several barricades in a construction zone , said Texas Highway Patrol Trooper Mark Tackett . Travis was found naked , Tackett said . When the singer was brought to Grayson County jail at 3 a.m. , after a hospital visit , he still did n't have clothes , Sgt. Rickey Wheeler said . "  He was given a paper suit , which is a jail uniform made out of paper , " Wheeler told CNN . Travis was charged with driving while intoxicated and felony retaliation , after allegedly threatening to fatally shoot highway patrol troopers who responded to a concerned caller who notified authorities of "  a man lying in the roadway " Tuesday . The incident happened just six months after he pleaded no contest to public intoxication in another case . The singer 's camp has not responded to CNN requests for comment . Travis , of course , is n't the first country star to run into problems . Hank Williams and George Jones were known for their tumultuous lifestyles and drinking . Jones even earned the moniker "  No Show Jones " because he missed so many performances . "  The difference is George Jones had his clothes on , " said country radio consultant Joel Raab . And it 's certainly not the first time a celebrity from any genre has found himself in the middle of a personal and public relations challenge . R&B star Chris Brown worked his way back up the charts after he was convicted three years ago of assaulting ex-girlfriend Rihanna . Former "  Two and a Half Men " star Charlie Sheen is back on television after a very public firing and meltdown . Susan Keel , a Nashville-based publicist who has represented country singers , said Travis should postpone his current tour and issue a statement indicating he is getting help . "  He should apologize to the officer , the public , friends and fans to indicate he will get his life back on track , " said Keel . Travis burst onto the country music scene in 1986 with "  Storms of Life . " The North Carolina-born singer 's debut album sold nearly 4 million copies and made him a star of the "  new traditional " scene . Travis was in his heyday from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s , recording such classics as "  Diggin ' Up Bones " and "  Forever and Ever , Amen . " His baritone voice and songs and even his retro wardrobe harkened to a traditional country style . Julie Stevens , now program director at KRTY in San Jose , California , said Travis and George Strait came in like a breath of fresh air during the mid-1980s , when country radio stations were suffering low ratings . "  It was horrible , " said Stevens . "  We were just coming out of John Travolta and the whole ` Urban Cowboy ' thing . " Travis ran out a string of successful songs and albums . "  The two of them together saved the format , " Stevens said . "  I do n't know why George endured and Randy did n't . " Travis eventually moved toward gospel music and today he largely plays smaller venues , including casinos . Strait , meanwhile , is still bringing large crowds to arenas . While he has a predictable sound , according to Billboard 's Jessen , Strait "  is very adept at making it sound fresh from album to album . " "  I do n't think we can blame Randy Travis ' decline on the format , " Jessen said . Long time since a hit record Observers point out that Travis has n't had a top-selling record for a decade . Finding one now could give him a needed boost . "  He has to make a hit record that will work on country radio with today 's country fans , " said Raab . "  You would be hard-pressed to find a Randy Travis song on a contemporary country radio station today . " An estimated 2,000 stations , most of them "  contemporary , " are considered the primary marketing vehicle for country music , Jessen told CNN . Listeners ages 25 to 54 are the key demographic , and successful musicians keep the songs coming . "  If you take it in general terms , Randy Travis is considered a veteran artist , " said Jessen . "  Randy does n't have singles on the radio all the time . Current artists have a new single on the radio all the time . They tour and record . They tour and record . They tour and record . " Still , Travis has won seven Grammy Awards , five Country Music Association awards , 10 Academy of Country Music statuettes , 10 American Music Awards , seven Music City News awards , and eight Dove Awards from the Gospel Music Association , according to his website . He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1986 , according to his website . Travis ' last major hit came in 2002 with "  Three Wooden Crosses , " a song about faith and redemption . There are three wooden crosses on the right side of the highway , Why there 's not four of them , Heaven only knows . I guess it 's not what you take when you leave this world behind you , It 's what you leave behind you when you go . Travis "  was able to tell it with sincerity and it was a hit , " Jessen said . Jess Wright , program director and on-air personality at WFRE in Frederick , Maryland , said her station plays some traditional country songs favored by the likes of Travis . "  If it is not the right song , it is hard to find the right place to play it , " Wright told CNN . Raab provides consultant services to 27 stations , a few of which are "  classic " -- meaning they play songs from the 1950s to the 1990s . He spoke Thursday with an individual at one such station . While they discussed Travis ' most recent incident , they never discussed whether his songs should be taken off the air . "  I do n't think the legacy of his music is necessarily tarnished by what he did , " said Raab . Difficulties include lawsuits The past two years have been difficult ones for Travis . He divorced his longtime wife in 2010 . According to a lawsuit filed earlier this year , Elizabeth Travis remained his personal manager until she terminated the agreement in 2011 -- without proper notice , the suit alleges . Randy Travis countersued in May , contending Elizabeth Travis divulged confidential information about him in order to damage his reputation and career . He did not provide specifics . In February , the legendary performer was arrested for public intoxication while sitting in his car in front of a church in Sanger , Texas . "  I apologize for what resulted following an evening of celebrating the Super Bowl , " Travis told CNN in a statement after that arrest . "  I 'm committed to being responsible and accountable , and apologize for my actions . " With fewer songs on radio , Travis primarily reaches his fan base by touring , said Jessen . "  An old rule in country music , men like to be sung about and women like to be sung to . Randy has done both . " "  His diehard fans are going to stay with him through this , " Jessen said . "  They will wish him well and stay tuned to the news . " "  Country music fans do n't like to see their legends fall . " Keel said the country music industry still considers Travis a legend . "  This is a very supportive community and a forgiving community , " she said . Comments : How did such a talented guy end up with a mug shot like that ? CNN 's David Ariosto and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Randy Travis faces charges after traffic incident Industry consultants said he should address issues Travis has seen reduced radio play in recent years Travis pleaded no-contest in previous incident , is involved in civil litigation
Ashdod , Israel  CNN  -- The Israeli military displayed mortar shells , ammunition and surface-to-sea missiles in Ashdod on Wednesday , ordnance that officials said was seized from a ship bound for Gaza . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the weapons "  originated in Iran , went through Syria , and they were en route to terror organizations in Gaza , but their ultimate target was the Israeli civilian population . " "  Every day , new attempts are made by Iran and by Syria to smuggle weapons into Lebanon to Hezbollah , to Gaza to Hamas and to other terror organizations , " he said . Accompanying Netanyahu for the display were Defense Minister Ehud Barak and army Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Benny Gans , among other officials . Israeli commandos intercepted a ship 200 miles off the coast Tuesday . The "  Victoria " is German-owned and Liberian-flagged , with an international crew . The ship had 1,000 containers aboard , the army said , and three were found to be carrying the weapons . Israeli officials say the containers were loaded in the Syrian port of Latakia , where a false manifest indicated that they were carrying lentils.The ship made a stop in Turkey before heading for the Egyptian port of Alexandria , where the containers were to be unloaded . Lt. Col. Avital Leibowitz , spokeswoman for the Israel Defense Forces , said the military believes that these weapons were intended to be smuggled into Gaza through the numerous tunnels between the Egyptian Sinai desert and the coastal strip , which is governed by Hamas . Among the weapons were six C-704 surface-to-sea missiles with two launchers , along with a British-manufactured radar command and control system . According to Israeli military analyst Ron Ben Ishai , the introduction of this weapon would have added strategic significance to those battling Israel . "  Had this shipment gone through to Alexandria and then to one of the Palestinian organizations in Gaza , it would have given them the capability that does not exist today , that is , to hit the Israeli navy at a distance of 35 kilometers , " he said . Along with the missiles , the Israeli army says , it found 230 120-mm mortar shells , 2,200 60-mm mortar shells and 66,960 Kalashnikov rifle rounds .	Three containers of weapons found aboard ship Tuesday , officials say Mortar shells , surface-to-sea missiles among weapons displayed "  Ultimate target was the Israeli civilian population , " Netanyahu says
CNN  -- Two people yell and struggle on a city street . It happens every day . And when it does , what do you do ? Dwayne Fletcher found himself thrust into this position around 9:40 p.m. Sunday , as he was walking in Philadelphia 's Germantown-Penn Knox neighborhood . He saw a man seemingly manhandling a woman , then forcing her into a car . Fletcher said he yelled out and called police . The car sped away . But three days later , the two -- Carlesha Freeland-Gaither and the man police say abducted her , Delvin Barnes -- were tracked down 115 miles southwest in Jessup , Maryland . The fact that they were found then and there , police say , is largely thanks to Fletcher . "  This man is a hero , " Philadelphia police Detective James Sloan said . Abducted woman found alive , suspect arrested Fletcher did n't stop the alleged abduction , nor did he have enough information to name either the suspect or the victim . But he did pay attention , he immediately contacted authorities , and he told them everything he knew -- something that does n't always happen , even when crimes take place in full public view . One of the most cited examples of the latter happened in 1964 in New York City . That 's where Kitty Genovese struggled with her attacker on the street and in her building , shrieking for help as she was raped , robbed and murdered . According to The New York Times , at least 38 people "  watched a killer stalk and stab a woman in three separate attacks " over a more than half-hour period . None of them intervened . And only one called police , though only after Genovese was dead . This , of course , is n't the only case of what psychologists and social scientists call the bystander effect or Genovese syndrome , as named after the slain New York woman . Gang rape raises questions about bystanders ' role In 2009 , for instance , about 10 people watched a 2Â 1/2 - hour-long gang rape of a 15-year-old girl outside a Northern California high school 's homecoming dance . And two years later , residents of southern China 's Guangdong Province found themselves on the defensive after video came out showing passersby ignoring a toddler getting hit twice by vehicles . Outrage in China after toddler run over , ignored That 's not what happened this week in Philadelphia . Rather , Fletcher told CNN affiliate KYW that when he saw the struggle , "  I called the cops and I 'm running and  yelling  , ` Yo , yo , what 's going on ? ' " Fletcher said that he saw the woman forcibly pulled into the car , then saw her attacker get into the same vehicle . "  They were in the car for like 15 seconds . Then you just hear , like , a tap , tap on the window , and then the window come out , " he told KYW , referring to how Freeland-Gaither managed to kick out one of the car 's windows but not escape . After that , Fletcher said , "  I jumped back . I moved back , I did n't know what was going on . I did n't know if it was gunshots or whatever . " The witness called police twice and waited for officers to arrive , Sloan said . Before Philly abduction , suspect allegedly raped , burned girl in Virginia And what if Fletcher had n't ? What if he 'd walked away and never alerted authorities , spurring them to check that area right away for surveillance video ? What if , because of that , they 'd never gotten a description of the suspect and the getaway car ? What if they 'd never recovered Freeland-Gaither 's cell phone , which police believe she dropped deliberately , hoping it 'd lead to her recovery ? After all , there are too many examples of abductions that do n't end , as this one did , with the safe recovery of the victim and arrest of a suspect . Thanks to Fletcher , authorities do n't have to answer any of these questions . While a great deal went into the investigation -- from several key surveillance videos , to tips , to the GPS device that a car dealer , worried about Barnes ' bad credit , placed on the alleged getaway vehicle -- it all started with Fletcher . "  If it was n't for him , " Sloan said , "  I do n't think we would have had the same outcome . " Fletcher , who KYW reports works at a local recycling center , certainly is glad for that and happy to be called a hero . "  It feels good ; I would n't change it for nothing , " he said . " ... But tomorrow 's another day . I got to go to work . It 's back to being Dwayne . "	Dwayne Fletcher saw a man force a woman into a car in Philadelphia He called and waited for police ; a detective now describes him as "  a hero " "  I do n't think we would have had the same outcome " if not for Fletcher , police say
CNN  -- It was a promise that seemed to owe as much to optimism and sentimentality as reason . When the notoriously passionate fans of Vegalta Sendai , a small , understated soccer club playing in Japan 's J-League , stood before their team as they took on Kawasaki Frontale , they unfurled a large banner for the world to see . "  Thank you for all -LSB- our -RSB- friends , " it read . "  We do not lose until we regain a hometown . " Yet it is a promise that Vegalta Sendai has managed to keep . Sendai , and its football club , were devastated in Japan 's earthquake and tsunami . But since the restart of the Japanese football league , the unfashionable club has gone on a remarkable run , remaining unbeaten this season with a chance to secure their very first league title in the face of disaster . Since it began life 23 years ago , Vegalta Sendai has led something of a quiet life , spending almost all of its time in Japan 's second division , before finally wining promotion to Japan 's top tier in 2009 . But on March 11 , that all changed . When the 9.0 magnitude earthquake unleashed its full power off the northeast coast of Japan , Sendai was one of the places hardest by the subsequent tsunami . Thousands of people were left dead or missing across the country ; every aspect of life was touched by tragedy , and the city 's football club was no exception . Its training ground was destroyed and the team 's stadium declared unplayable , deemed to be "  in ruins , " according to J-League chairman Kazumi Ohigashi . The J-League was suspended , with many calling for it to be cancelled outright for that season . "  Immediately after the earthquake and tsunami we , as a team , wondered if we should , and could , continue to play soccer , " the team 's coach , Makoto Teguramori , told CNN . But when the controversial decision was made to restart the league , the players and management decided that they could play an important role in getting the region back up on its feet . "  We have been determined to be the symbol of hope for the entire Tohoku Region -LSB- the northeast region of Japan 's Honshu island -RSB- and to lead and encourage the reconstruction efforts with our strong performance , " added Teguramori . The team duly delivered . After the fans had displayed their banner , Vegalta Sendai beat Kawasaki Frontale 2-1 . And they 've kept winning . They remain unbeaten and sit just one point off the league leaders Kashiwa Reysol . "  The biggest job for us was to overcome the shock of devastation and to prepare all the players ready for the matches mentally , " said Makoto Teguramori . One player , the Brazilian striker Marquinho , was so shaken up that he could n't continue and returned to South America . "  The departure of Marquinho was a big blow to the team . However , the other players all felt that it could not have been helped as it was due to his family matter and that the gap created by his departure would need to be filled by the rest of the team which led the entire team to a stronger and closer sense of unity , " said Teguramori . "  This united spirit , we believe , is also the key to overcoming the trial of the earthquake and tsunami damages . " That Vegalta Sendai is even fulfilling fixtures is remarkable enough , but given the club 's underachievement over the years , its unbeaten run is even more impressive . "  Sendai has a long history of getting so close to promotion to the J1 league -LSB- Japanese football 's top tier -RSB- and could not make it , " explained Koji Takao , a writer for Japan 's Weekly Soccer magazine . "  They waited , waited , and waited and after seven long years , finally they got promoted ... It 's the people 's club as well . There 's one big shareholder but the Sendai city and Miyagi prefecture own the majority of the shares . "  People in Sendai are passionate about sports . Some follow both baseball and football and it 's quite unusual in Japan . " Few would deny that Vegalta Sendai would be fitting winners of what has already been an extraordinary J-League season . There are still 22 league games to play , starting with this week 's match against Shimizu S-Pulse . "  The disaster in Sendai region has inspired the players , staff , and the entire Vegalta Sendai club with great performances and results , " explained Afshin Ghotbi , the American-Iranian coach of Shimizu S-Pulse , who had only been in charge for one game before the March 11 disaster struck . "  The restart of the league has been important and symbolic of the courage , resilience and fighting spirit of Japanese people . The attendance has been slowly recovering ... If their -LSB- Vegalta Sendai 's -RSB- results can help the people in the recovery and healing process , this may a great gift of football . " Ghotbi will be hoping to end that run on Sunday , and the club themselves , whose players have been involved in the clean up operation whilst also running football training camp for homeless children , maintain that the championship is a long way away . "  If we play football , it is a first step towards normality , " said Teguramori . "  As football is a team game , it is a sport where we can demonstrate strength of unity . We can inspire spectators with our spirited play and for those dedicated fans our victory would be something special to give them courage in life . " But Vegalta Sendai 's fans who held their hopeful banner against Kawasaki Frontale back in April will be dreaming of the ultimate fairytale ending . After all , a promise is a promise . Additional reporting by Aaron Akinyemi and Olivia Yasukawa	Sendai was devastated by the tsunami which struck Japan in March Soccer team Vegalta Sendai were left without a training ground and unable to play in their stadium The side have since made an unbeaten start to the Japanese J-League season
CNN  -- New Mexico 's Berrendo Middle School reopened its doors two days after a preteen with a sawed-off shotgun opened fire in a crowded gymnasium . Police are still investigating the shooting that left two students seriously injured and the suspected shooter in custody . As students and teachers trickled back to school Thursday , the community turned out to show support . Crowds lined up on the road near the campus , cheering as the school buses appeared . They waved flags , and black and gold streamers . They held up signs with the words "  Love , " "  Hope , " "  Faith , " and "  Courage . " Gov. Susana Martinez greeted the students as well . "  They have a counselor in every single classroom , " Martinez told CNN affiliate KOAT . "  There are people here supporting them in everything they need . " She said both the children and their teachers needed counseling . For many parents , bringing their kids to school Thursday was not an easy decision . Some said it was happening too soon , but others said their kids needed to return . "  I told her last night she did n't have to go if she did n't feel like she wanted to , and she said , ` well , I ca n't be scared to go to school , ' is what she told me this morning , " Florence Dosher Nieto told CNN affiliate KRQE . Another parent said she is looking into home schooling . The attack has rattled residents of Roswell , a city about 200 miles southeast of Albuquerque . It is the latest community in the United States to go from a relatively peaceful enclave to a site of a school shooting , joining places like Littleton , Colorado , Paducah , Kentucky , and Newtown , Connecticut . Tuesday 's incident is also the second one at a middle school in the last three months . In October , a 12-year-old in Nevada opened fire with a handgun he took from his parents , killing a teacher and wounding two students before he eventually killed himself . Three shells and a plan Police say the 12-year-old shooting suspect entered his middle school Tuesday morning with a 20-gauge pump shotgun that he had sawed off . He shot three rounds . The first shot hit the ceiling , said New Mexico State Police Chief Pete Kassetas . The second went into the gym floor . The third sped toward the stands where , about 12 to 15 feet away , it hit two students who had been waiting with others for classes to start . "  We did find evidence that the suspect had planned this event , " Kassetas said . "  I ca n't discuss the particulars as to why . " He said the victims were targeted at random . Police have carried out three search warrants and interviewed more than 60 people , Kassetas said . The boy faces three counts of aggravated battery , according to New Mexico state juvenile court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KOAT . The suspect 's parents , Jim and Jennifer Campbell , and grandparents , Robert and Nancy Bowles , issued a statement Wednesday saying they are "  praying that God will be with everyone who has been affected . " They did n't try to explain the shooter 's actions , which left "  his whole family ... heartbroken , " though they did n't ignore his impact . "  For all of the anguish that many suffered yesterday , " his parents and grandparents said , "  our family offers our heartfelt condolences and remorse in words that we can not fully express . " The family singled out the two hospitalized victims . Victims still recovering The victims were both taken to University Medical Center in Lubbock , Texas -- about 175 miles east of the school A 12-year-old boy is in critical condition with injuries to the side of his face and neck , according to Martinez , the governor . He has undergone at least two surgeries since the incident . The other victim , 13-year-old Kendal Sanders , is in stable condition . Police : Suspect took parents ' gun The suspect is being held at an unspecified location in Albuquerque and has met with his parents , Kassetas said . In their statement , the parents indicated a judge "  ordered ... our son receive an evaluation and mental health treatment and sincerely want him to receive all of the help that he needs . " "  As a family we will cooperate in all ways with law enforcement to piece together how this awful tragedy occurred , " they said . Kassetas said the shotgun came from the suspect 's home . His father had bought the gun -- the only one of several weapons in the house not locked in a safe -- at a Walmart , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . Authorities believe the 12-year-old "  modified the weapon by cutting off the stock , " Kassetas said . The search warrants executed in connection with the investigation were on the suspect 's locker , his duffel bag and his Roswell home . The law enforcement source said the suspect kept a handwritten journal at home describing "  what he was planning , what he wanted to do . " But just before he fired , authorities believe , the suspect gave "  preliminary warnings ... to some select students who he ran into before he entered the gymnasium , " Kassetas said . ` Hero ' teacher Teacher John Masterson did n't know the shooter had used all his ammunition when he walked to the student and persuaded him to put the gun down , Martinez said . "  Mr. Masterson ... was a hero ... who stood there and allowed a gun to be pointed right at him , " the governor said at a vigil Tuesday evening , "  and to talk down that young boy to drop the gun so that there would be no more young kids hurt . " The Berrendo staff directory lists John Masterson as an eighth-grade social studies teacher . Masterson has taught at the school for a decade and coaches track and soccer , according to the Albuquerque Journal . When contacted by the newspaper , he said police had told him not to discuss details of the shooting . "  It was a harrowing experience , " he told the paper . "  All I can say was the staff there did a great job . " Teachers train to face school shooter CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Chuck Johnston and Vanessa Juarez contributed to this report .	Students return to New Mexico school for the first time since shooting 12-year-old faces three charges of aggravated battery , court documents Shooter 's father bought the gun used in the shooting His parents say a judge ordered that their son receive mental health treatment
CNN  -- In 2003 , the BET Awards had a priceless moment when Michael Jackson surprised his idol , James Brown , by showing up on stage where the duo thrilled the audience with an electrifying performance . Michael Jackson performed with James Brown at the BET Awards in 2003 . This year 's show is dedicated to Jackson . Now , both the King of Pop and the Godfather of Soul are gone . Sunday night 's 9th Annual BET Awards is sure to be filled with tributes to Jackson , whose videos and performances were a staple for the network in his heyday . BET has already paid tribute to the singer , going wall-to-wall with Jackson videos Thursday night . Many of the celebrities scheduled to attend the show were also fans of the singer and it is expected that the night will provide an opportunity for them to salute the star . "  Words can not capture the impact Michael Jackson has had on pop culture around the world , " said Debra L. Lee , chairman and chief executive officer of BET Networks . "  He changed the way we hear and feel and move to music ; he epitomized what true musical talent and star power really mean . He is and always will be the King of Pop . " Academy Award-winning actor and R&B singer Jamie Foxx is set to host the show . Several of the scheduled performers include artists , such as Ne-Yo and Beyonce , who have acknowledged the influence of Jackson on their music and careers . The annual event is a premier one for the network and this year 's plan was to recognize the musical legacy and longstanding career of the legendary soul trio , the O'Jays , with the presentation of the Lifetime Achievement Award . Artists Alicia Keys and Wyclef Jean are to be honored with the Humanitarian Award for their respective charitable work . BET CEO Lee said Sunday 's show will be dedicated to Jackson and will also pay tribute to his legacy . Lee reflected on Jackson 's career and his importance to BET -- which stands for Black Entertainment Television -- in a prepared statement after his death , while also offering heartfelt prayers for the singer 's family and friends . "  Michael 's influence is felt every day in so many ways at BET Networks , and it 's been that way throughout our network 's entire 29-year history , " she said . "  We watched him grow up and , like everyone around the world , he feels like he is a member of our family . "  He will be missed more than we can say ... but his legend and memory live on in the artists , musicians , producers , dancers , fans and everyone else who looks to him for inspiration . " The BET Awards is scheduled to run live on the cable network Sunday at 8 p.m.	BET Awards are scheduled for Sunday night Many of the planned attendees expected to pay tribute to Michael Jackson Network CEO : "  Michael 's influence is felt every day in so many ways "
CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales reinstated 17 of his 20 ministers and replaced three in a Cabinet shakeup Sunday , the state-run ABI news agency reported . All 20 ministers had stepped down earlier in the day to coincide with the start of the president 's sixth year in office . Morales replaced his production , environment and energy ministers with Ana Teresa Morales , Julieta Monje Villa and Jose Luis Gutierrez respectively , ABI reported . The shakeup comes one month after the government ended fuel subsidies . As gas prices shot up , major protests erupted , forcing Morales to reinstate the subsidies at the end of December . The president asked members of his new Cabinet for "  compromise " and "  sacrifice " as they begin their work , ABI reported .	Evo Morales reinstates 17 of the 20 ministers in his Cabinet He replaces the energy , environment and production ministers The shakeup is timed to coincide with the start of his sixth year in office
CNN  -- Mitt Romney is rumored to be announcing a choice soon for his vice presidential running mate , and conventional thinking suggests his pick is going to be "  safe , " someone who brings a high measure of conservative street cred , and preferably from a swing state . In other words , the rumor is the guy who has trouble getting people to like him is going to pick someone even more boring than him . It seems he has n't figured out that as long as Barack Obama is president , his base will be fired up in spite of his dull personality , so what he does n't need to do is waste this pick on a running mate Republicans will like . What he needs is someone who can attract voters on the fence . A media darling with a successful track record to point to and someone whose social politics wo n't immediately get them labeled by independents as "  crazy . " Romney risks playing running mate hand too early Enter Michael Bloomberg : that union-fighting/gay-couple-loving renegade who would make things complicated for Democrats because he 's managed to get elected three times in the most diverse region in the country while being a rich , old white guy . Four years ago , Sen. John McCain selected a game changer who turned out to be better in theory than in practice . Like Sarah Palin , Bloomberg would be a curve ball . But while she got people talking , the New York mayor would get people talking and thinking . How ? By being something many of the other VP options are not : a real Republican . An old school Republican . Who will run with Romney ? Romney could go with the current GOP incarnation of the anti-tax , Bible thumper who would demonize social programs , but most everyone would see that as pandering , not problem solving . Bloomberg is viewed as a compassionate leader with many traditional Republican views who would be focused on reducing deficits by increasing revenue in addition to making tough decisions on spending cuts . You know , like that Ronald Reagan guy the new generation idolizes but is reluctant to emulate . Remember Reagan raised taxes to help dig us out of a hole . And while he does n't like to talk about it , when Romney was governor , he too raised taxes . As did Bloomberg . And if you comb through this country 's history , you will see that raising taxes is not the Democrats ' way of exchanging wealth , it 's been a reoccurring part of the deficit reduction equation and -- in the mayor 's words -- "  Republicans who emphasize economic freedom would have a lot more credibility if they 'd stop promising a free lunch . " Bloomberg did n't say that four years ago . He did n't say that last year . He wrote that in a Wall Street Journal op-ed in March . That 's the kind of honest assessment voters on the fence are looking for . They 're not married to a party . They 're not looking for partisan cheerleaders . They already see the writing on the wall . They 're just waiting to see which candidate is going to be courageous enough to read it out loud . For his part , Bloomberg has already said he felt Romney would do a better job of running the country than Obama . But the reason why he has n't endorsed the former Massachusetts governor is because of Romney 's social politics , which used to be more in line with Bloomberg 's before he started pandering to the religious right . However , after nearly eight years of campaigning for president , the one thing that should be clear to Romney at this point is that the religious right does n't like him . It 's just tolerating him because it dislikes Obama more . And picking a safe , religious conservative running mate is not going to make Romney any more attractive to his reluctant base , and it does n't matter because these people are already resigned to voting for him . But it does run the risk of alienating independents who are leery of a social policy agenda hijacking the attention that needs to be directed at the economy . In the fall of 2010 , Republicans came storming back into power under the guise of creating jobs and fixing the economy . By the spring , we nearly had a government shutdown over the party 's obsession with Planned Parenthood during budget talks . The country can not afford another platform bait-and-switch . So if planting that leak of Condi Rice being on the shortlist of running mates was Team Romney 's way of getting the attention off his tax returns and his time at Bain , it was a very good effort . But that distraction is going to be short-lived if he pulls a name such as Tim Pawlenty or Washington insider Rob Portman out of the hat . They may be safe , but safe is not what Romney needs . Safe is n't what the country needs . Safe is n't going to solve our economic problems , and safe is definitely not going to win the White House . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Many expect Mitt Romney to pick a "  safe " conservative running mate He says Romney does n't need to rally the support of base that already opposes Obama A smarter move would be for Romney to choose Michael Bloomberg , Granderson says Granderson : Bloomberg pick would gain independent support , help show seriousness
CNN  -- A possible tornado damaged several buildings Thursday at the Ohio State University satellite campus in Wooster , Ohio , the National Weather Service and local fire officials said . The storm destroyed greenhouses and outer structures at the Agricultural Research and Developmental Center , said Capt. Rody Walter of the Wooster Fire Department . Other campus buildings were damaged , as well as residences . One home reportedly collapsed . There were no fatalities , Walter said . People with minor injuries were treated on scene and at Wooster Community Hospital .	Powerful storm damages Ohio State University satellite campus Buildings , residences damaged in Wooster
Baltimore  CNN  -- When Geremen Teklehaimanot came into the Baltimore Medical System office Thursday hoping to renew the same sliding-scale health policy that he had last year , he got more than he bargained for . The 34-year-old limo driver was met by not one health benefits expert but two . "  I 'm going to sign you up for your sliding scale , and let me introduce you to someone else who will help , " said Darlene Middleton-Lawson , the health benefits adviser at Baltimore Medical System . "  This is Jekisha Elliott . Jekisha is a navigator . She is going to talk to you about what else might be possible . " In August of this year , the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services gave out $ 67 million in Navigator Cooperative Agreements . The grants pay to train , support and certify advisers , also known as patient navigators , who work out in the field and on the phone . The navigators partner with local medical systems to help people figure out how the new Affordable Care Act health insurance marketplaces work . Obama offers funding to help communities understand Obamacare Most people who will become newly insured through Obamacare have no experience buying health insurance . Navigators ca n't tell people what plan to pick , but they can walk people through what might work best based on their family circumstances and health . Based on his income , Teklehaimanot may qualify for a subsidized health plan through the new Obamacare marketplaces . "  That 's wonderful , " he said . "  Just wonderful . Let me show you something . " He took out his smartphone and showed Elliott his browser . It was stuck on the website for Maryland 's health insurance marketplace . "  See , it says I 'm almost in , " he said . This week the sheer volume of interest overwhelmed the Maryland site . All across the country there were reports of long wait times at other state and federal sites . Teklehaimanot was n't discouraged . He seemed excited about the possibility of buying his own policy , and Elliott is someone who can help . Elliott is the official navigator team leader for the nonprofit HealthCare Access Maryland . Maryland will get about 300 certified navigators who will be essential during open enrollment . A Kaiser Family Foundation poll in March found that 67 % of the uninsured under the age of 65 -- the people who could most benefit from Obamacare -- said they did n't understand how it could affect them . Middleton-Lawson met Elliott for the first time Thursday . Dressed head to toe in bright pink for Breast Cancer Awareness Month , Middleton-Lawson literally did a small dance of joy when she learned a navigator was in the building . "  I 'm so glad you are here , " Middleton-Lawson said . "  People ca n't sign up fast enough for this , and they do need help . " "  Answer ` yes ' to one of these , " Elliott told Teklehaimanot as he filled out forms . Elliott 's calm demeanor and reassuring tone visibly seemed to put Teklehaimanot at ease . Elliott used to be a teacher . She misses her special needs students , but finds this navigator work fulfilling . "  It 's helping people who are willing to learn , and it 's helping people who are in dire need of health care , " Elliott said . "  With this program it will definitely give them a peace of mind . " Obamacare 's coverage gap : The poor caught in between Here in Maryland , the state has fully embraced Obamacare . It opened its own marketplace and expanded Medicaid . About 13 % of the population in Maryland does n't have any kind of insurance , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That means nearly 750,000 people are probably not getting all the medical attention they need . About half that population is now eligible for Medicaid with the state 's expansion . In addition to navigators like Elliott , HeathCare Access Maryland also set up a call center . It 's staffed seven days a week with people who can take calls in 200 different languages . Elliott says it 's gotten a ton of calls this week . Only a few were angry  some people call not for help , but to vent about Obamacare  . "  Mostly , the angry callers just want to be heard , " Elliott says . "  So , we listen to those too . " Most of the questions the navigators get involve the cost . With subsidies , the Department of Health and Human Services estimates the majority of people should be able to find coverage for $ 100 or less a month . Even a bare-bones policy covers preventive care like immunizations , mental health , rehab and other services . Her navigator job , Elliott says , also has a side benefit . Her friends now call all the time . "  Even though they have jobs , some of them still do n't have insurance , " Elliott said . "  A lot of my friends are calling me and saying ` OK , where do I need to go ? What do I need to do ? Can I come to your house ? ' We are at a place in life where you have a job , but you ca n't afford to buy a health plan . I think this is going to be a really good thing because now it 's going to be really affordable to people . " Toward the end of his visit , Teklehaimanot 's smartphone still had n't connected with the Maryland marketplace . He has n't signed up for a new plan yet , but he does have more information . He has until December 14 to sign up if he wants his family to have coverage starting January 1 . For many , signing up for a new policy may take several conversations or several website visits . "  I know there 's some general frustration right now with the online part , " Elliott said . "  I 'm confident though we 'll work the kinks out , and regardless , I know they will be happy once they get all the benefits . It can be life-changing . " Obamacare open enrollment 101 : What you need to know If you need assistance signing up for Obamacare , contact your state 's insurance department . Or visit www.healthcare.gov .	$ 67 million allocated to pay for training , certification of Obamacare patient navigators Navigators help people sign up for health insurance by walking them through options Poll shows 67 % of uninsured under 65 do n't understand how ACA could affect them
CNN  -- I thought I knew a thing or two about hunger . I 've met thousands of people who struggle to feed themselves and their families , visited dozens of soup kitchens , food pantries , homeless shelters and food banks , and worked closely with nonprofit organizations in trying to find new ways to end hunger . I really thought I understood the scope of the problem . But let me tell you something -- I had no clue . My SNAP Challenge last week taught me that merely observing someone else 's plight does not hold a candle to consciously altering your habits to better understand what it might be like to live someone else 's life . The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program was formerly called the food stamp program . In the SNAP challenge , you live on a food and beverage budget of $ 4.50 a day , the average amount a recipient of food stamps gets in benefits . I was hungry last week -- laser-focused on how much food was left in the fridge and how many dollars were left in my wallet . I was scared about eating portions that were too big , and was n't sure what to do if my food ran out . I canceled two scheduled dinners , knowing they were way beyond my budget . But I was doing this challenge on my own . Eighty percent of households that have problems putting food on the table include the most vulnerable -- children , the elderly and the disabled . Most people in the SNAP program would have considered my challenge as a "  household of one " to be a luxury . My approach to grocery shopping was to try to stay full . That meant carbohydrates . In retrospect , it was a poor choice . I ended up with a diet largely based around pasta , lentils , chickpeas and cereal . While it was n't a ton of food , I could mix and match for various meals and find myself not quite full -- but enough to get by . Breakfast and snacks were Toasted Oats . Lunch and dinner varied between chickpea , jalapeno and tomato soup , lentil casserole and pasta with tomato sauce and garlic . Fresh fruit , vegetables and yogurt were too expensive . I also gave up coffee because it did n't fit within the budget . I only drank water . My drastic change in diet made me listless and grumpy . But the seven days of this challenge happened in a vacuum . It was really just an imitation of a very real problem facing millions of Americans -- it was n't my real life . It was over in a week . No other pressures weighed on my shoulders the way they do on those of people who use food stamps . I was n't worrying about my car breaking down or not being able to pay for gas or having my electricity turned off or finding work or paying an unforeseen medical bill . All I had to worry about was my food , and that was challenging enough . One in six people in this country , or roughly 48 million Americans , face this reality . At the same time , they confront other obstacles and manage to deal with more pressing challenges every day . The statistics are alarming . However , it was n't until I participated in the challenge and heard stories from the hundreds of people who responded to my blog posts that I really understood what a life of food insecurity means . One person wrote me , "  It 's not about a weeklong ` challenge . ' It 's about months . It 's about deciding whether to eat or buy heart medicine or diabetic drugs . ... It 's about knowing that this week is followed by another and another and another . It 's not about  whether or not food is  boring . It 's about living . " I believed at first that by taking the challenge to eat on $ 4.50 a day diet , I could raise awareness about hunger . What has become clear is that those who are "  food insecure " -- or even those living close to that edge -- are all too aware of their circumstances . Helping the hungry is not a zero sum game . We can discuss policy , and undoubtedly each of us will land on one side or the other of the political debate . Unfortunately , the debate we often hear in Washington leads to thinking that the issue can be seen in black or white , right or wrong , good or bad . We all know there are people who abuse the system . I have no doubt that there are some people who accept SNAP benefits when they either do n't need the assistance or may not use them appropriately . But SNAP is really an efficient program . There are small problems with the system -- but there always are in large , complex systems . Tens of millions of people , most of whom are elderly or have children , rely on this safety net to help them cope with very difficult situations beyond their control . And we can all acknowledge our shared responsibility to help these fellow citizens survive and ultimately create productive lives of dignity . Throughout my SNAP Challenge , I kept returning to the same questions : What kind of society do we want to live in ? Do we want to live in a country that turns a cold shoulder to the problem of hunger , or one in which we work together to face it head on ? We , in corporate America , must be part of the solution . At Panera , we have tried to stretch ourselves to think of how to address hunger in new ways and challenge others to do the same . We have developed five nonprofit "  Panera Cares " community cafes with no set prices and have donated hundreds of millions of dollars in products to food banks . Our view is that unless we at Panera take care of the world that we live in , there wo n't be any society left to support us . If the past week has taught me anything , it 's that hunger is not a problem of "  them , " it 's a problem of "  us . " Hunger exists in every community , in every county , in every state . Simply put , this is our problem to solve , and it 's time to do so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Shaich .	Panera Bread CEO Ron Shaich lived on the amount a food stamp recipient gets each day Shaich thought he knew about hunger , but this opened his eyes to real problem He drank water and ate carbs , lost energy and admits it was only a week , not his life Shaich says hunger is not "  their " problem , it 's ours as a society
CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security this week announced it is opening the largest immigrant family detention facility in the United States , amid concerns from immigrant-rights groups . The center in Dilley , Texas , was opened on Monday to house the surge of "  family units , " or women and children who say they fled extreme violence in their native Central American countries to seek asylum in the United States . The privately contracted facility sits on 51 acres and will have 2,400 beds at a cost of $ 260 million per year to taxpayers , according to local reports . "  The regional refugee crisis in Central America demands a humanitarian response by the United States , not a show of force , " a coalition of immigrant-rights groups said this week in an open letter to President Barack Obama . "  These mothers have faced unimaginable suffering and danger and have come to the U.S. seeking protection , often with close relatives in the U.S. who are willing and able to provide for them . They are not evading law enforcement ; they are seeking out Border Patrol officers , " the letter added . 5 immigration myths debunked In a statement at the opening of the detention center , DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson said the facility promotes and highlights "  the border security aspects of the executive actions President Obama announced on Nov. 20 . " "  We will continue to work with the governments of Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras to address with them the conditions in those three countries that are the ` push ' factors for illegal migration from there to here , and to repatriate those of their citizens who came here illegally . " Johnson added . Johnson said the Obama administration also intends to go forward with an "  in-country refugee program " in the three countries , a program announced last month by Vice President Joe Biden . The program will "  allow parents who are lawfully present in the United States to request access to the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program for their children still in those three countries , " Johnson said . DHS : More Central Americans apprehended than Mexicans There are at least three other family detention centers in use by the federal government to house detained immigrant families , including centers in Karnes , Texas , and Berks County , Pennsylvania . A facility in Artesia , New Mexico , is expected to close in the coming weeks , and hundreds of immigrants staying there will get preference for relocating to the Dilley facility . Funding for the centers will expire in late February 2015 if Congress fails to act on a DHS request for supplemental funding for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 , Johnson said . Immigrant-rights groups have been vocal in their opposition to the centers , which sprouted this summer as a result of the unprecedented influx of undocumented immigrants from Central America . Beyond the border : Getting there and then what ? Earlier this year , the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund claimed guards working at the Karnes facility requesting sexual favors in return for money . "  This is unjust and a repudiation of our nation 's values and historic commitment to justice for all , " said Leslie Holman , president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association . "  Does n't that tell the administration that these most vulnerable of human beings deserve protection rather than warehousing as prisoners ? " 24 states now suing Obama over immigration	Facility in Dilley , Texas , will have 2,400 beds and cost $ 260 million per year Rights group : Crisis "  demands a humanitarian response ... not a show of force " DHS head : U.S. will continue to work with 3 Central American nations on "  push " factors
CNN  -- The public has been shaking its collective head since rumors of a Rihanna-Chris Brown collaboration began circulating on the Internet last week . Once the artists ' respective remixes , "  Birthday Cake " and "  Turn Up the Music , " featuring each other , hit the Web on Monday , that head-shaking turned into full-blown opposition . Some have questioned why Rihanna would musically reunite with her ex and whether their working together was a straight career move or a byproduct of her feelings for Brown . But based on the way the "  We Found Love " singer markets herself , industry experts agree , her decision to collaborate with Brown is actually quite characteristic . "  So much of  Rihanna 's  music is about being in control of herself , " said Tamar Anitai , the managing editor of MTV Buzzworthy . "  Some of her fans have been really surprised by  her working with Brown again  , but a lot of her other fans are so used to her making these big , bold statements . " Rihanna has been in the game for a long time , Anitai said , and she wants people to know that she makes her own decisions . "  This is her way of saying , ` I 've made peace with my past . ' " Since he pleaded guilty in June 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfriend on the eve of the 51st Grammy Awards , Brown 's career has flourished -- as has Rihanna 's . Country singer Miranda Lambert and HLN 's Dr. Drew are among those weighing in on Brown 's successes in addition to his troubles , including outbursts on Twitter and a reported tantrum after an appearance on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " last year . A firestorm erupted when many women tweeted after this year 's Grammy Awards that they would let Brown beat them . But while the response to the pair 's partnership has been overwhelmingly negative , their remixes have actually been well-received , said Ian Drew , Us Weekly 's senior editor for music . "  Say what you will about them ... but when they 're on a track together , it sort of lights up and ignites , " Drew said . Referencing Rihanna 's "  S&M , " which shocked listeners with talk of chains and whips , he said that "  these two are all about pushing buttons . " What is boils down to , Drew added , is whether people have the ability to separate the artists ' personal lives from their music . It 's unclear what effect their collaborations will have on their careers . But the critics seem to be out in full force . A recent Newsday story titled "  Rihanna and Chris Brown deserve each other " states , "  Apparently , Rihanna wants to show her independence and Brown wants to show that he can beat a woman and still get her to be friends . " And AJ Reynolds , who hosts Canada 's Top 20 Countdown , said that all tracks featuring Brown have been pulled from the radio show after numerous parents complained . The backlash could n't have come as a surprise to the two artists . Music producer The-Dream , who wrote "  Birthday Cake " with Rihanna , told MTV it was actually her idea to feature Brown on the song 's remix . "  When she raised the question to me , I know she 's not crazy , " he said . "  So my thought was , ` you 've been thinking about this ; you 've already thought it out , so evidently you know what reaction you gon na get . ' " Despite the fact that Rihanna typically embraces her sexuality in her music , "  Turn Up the Music "  which features the lyrics , "  So let 's go tonight and do whatever it takes to make it right "  and "  Birthday Cake 's " explicit nature are a bit jarring , given the pair 's history , said Bill Werde , Billboard 's editorial director . Even so , Werde said , he ca n't see Rihanna 's career being hurt by the collaboration . "  If Chris Brown can rebound from  the assault  ... please do n't tell me that Rihanna ca n't rebound from what some are perceiving as a lapse in judgment , " he added . In the end , fans reserve the right to support the artists or not , but onlookers have to remember , this is still a real and tumultuous situation . "  People have the tendency to forget that maybe this is n't some kind of contrived career move or a staged opportunity for PR , " Werde said . "  This media-saturated world is trying to make sense of a very , very human decision . "  I would like to think she 's thought through the consequences , but I do n't think she 's making this decision with an eye toward her career , " Werde added . "  She 's probably just thinking with her heart . "	The artists ' remixes , "  Birthday Cake " and "  Turn Up the Music , " hit the Web on Monday Response to partnership has been negative , but remixes are doing well Brown pleaded guilty in June 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfriend
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela is "  resting at his home " in Qunu , Eastern Cape , South Africa announced Monday , amid concerns that his health is in decline . Mandela , 92 , "  is now well enough to travel , " President Jacob Zuma said in a statement . The anti-apartheid icon was not well enough to vote at a polling station in a local election in Johannesburg earlier this month and cast his ballot from home . The Nobel Laureate no longer makes public appearances and has not been seen in public since the final of the FIFA World Cup in Johannesburg on July 11 . Earlier this year , concerns over Mandela 's health flared after he was rushed from Cape Town and admitted to a Johannesburg hospital with pnemonia . Since the health scare , neither the South African government , the Mandela family or the Mandela Foundation has released specific information on his health , saying it is a private matter . The government reiterated the message on Monday , thanking "  the public and the media for granting him privacy in the last three months , and we urge them to continue to do so . " Mandela spent 27 years in prison under the white-dominated South African apartheid regime , finally walking free from Robben Island in 1990 . He and South Africa 's then-President F. W. de Klerk shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 , and Mandela was elected president a year later . He served one term and stepped down in 1999 . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	The anti-apartheid icon was not able to get to a polling station earlier this month He was rushed into a hospital for pneumonia earlier this year He is "  well enough to travel , " President Jacob Zuma says
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- As the bodies of eight tourists killed in a bus hijacking in the Philippines arrived in Hong Kong , China , on Wednesday , the Hong Kong government urged citizens not to take their grief and anger out on Filipinos despite "  the poor way " the hijacking was handled by authorities . The Cathay Pacific flight , which also carried eight survivors and 19 relatives as well as dozens of officials , was greeted by a large crowd on its arrival at Hong Kong International Airport . In a somber ceremony , bagpipers played "  Amazing Grace " as coffins were carried from the plane and wreaths laid upon them . Several people were helped down a flight of stairs from the plane ; one man 's hand and arm were bandaged . Chief Secretary Henry Tang received the arrivals and then told reporters his government would urge its Philippine counterpart to conduct an "  comprehensive , thorough , and impartial " investigation . "  The truth is the best consolation for the victims and their families , " he said . He added that Hong Kong is prepared to aid the Philippine authorities during the investigation . "  In order to facilitate a fair and thorough understanding of the incident , we believe it is imperative that the investigation report should at least cover a detailed account of the whole incident ; and a detailed account of the causes of death and injuries , " he said . Two of three remaining hospitalized victims had been expected to be released from Philippine hospitals in time for the flight , but it was not known if they were on the plane that landed in Hong Kong . A third , more seriously injured tourist , remained in an intensive care unit in the Philippines . Hong Kong 's Chief Executive , Donald Tsang , was to lead a ceremony to raise the flag and lower it to half-staff on Thursday , and a three-minute period of silence was scheduled for 8 a.m. , according to the Hong Kong government . Citizens were urged to join the ceremony or pay tribute in other ways during that time . Meanwhile , residents in the Philippines observed a national day of mourning Wednesday in the aftermath of this week 's bus hijacking in Manila . Hong Kong 's Equal Opportunities Commission said in a statement it "  understands the strong feelings of Hong Kong people on the poor way that the crisis had been handled by the Philippine authorities . " "  The EOC urges all members of the community to stay calm and , in line with our good tradition of tolerance and understanding , refrain from shifting our anger towards an innocent group , particularly the Filipinos who are living and traveling in Hong Kong , " the statement said . "  The people of Hong Kong have every reason to take pride in the racial harmony of this city , and we should guard against any action that may cause racial hatred or discord . " Former police officer Rolando Mendoza , who was apparently upset about having lost his job , took hostage a busload of tourists from Hong Kong on Monday . Witnesses said Mendoza was initially willing to cooperate , but he was shot dead by police after authorities say he became violent and started shooting hostages . Rodolfo Matibay , district director of Manila police , took responsibility for how the incident was handled , saying he ordered the police assault on the bus , according to Gen. Leocaldo Santiago , regional director of Manila police . He has been placed on administrative leave while the case is being investigated . Four men and four women were killed in the standoff . One passenger was critically wounded and six others were hospitalized with less serious injuries . The gunman had previously released nine of the hostages , including a mother and her three children , a man with diabetes and two photographers . The bus driver escaped . Santiago said police killed none of the hostages , though a ballistics investigation has yet to be completed . Philippine President Benigno Aquino ordered all flags at public institutions in the Philippines , its embassies and consulates around the world lowered to half-staff . In Hong Kong , flags also were lowered and traders at the Hong Kong Stock Exchange paused in silence . The Chinese territory , meanwhile , issued a black travel alert for the Philippines , advising residents to avoid all travel there . The government 's Home Affairs Department has set up 18 condolence points around Hong Kong to allow people to mourn the victims and offer messages of sympathy . Tsang made an appearance at one of them on Tuesday to observe a minute of silence . A Facebook page also honors the victims . At the Hong Kong Management Association David Li Kwok Po College , students and faculty remembered Jessie Leung , 14 , who was killed along with her father and sister . Her brother remains in critical condition ; her mother also survived the incident . "  Jessie was a helpful girl -- cheerful , lovely , a good academic , " said Catherine Chan , the school 's development manager . "  We hope her brother will recover soon . " In Manila , a makeshift shrine was erected in front of the bus , with flowers left for the victims . The deadly standoff unfolded live on television , which the gunman was able to watch on a monitor on the bus . Santiago blamed the live broadcasts for contributing to the violence as the standoff quickly deteriorated while police surrounded the vehicle . "  We do not want to pass sweeping judgment or make early conclusions except to say that our intention to peacefully end this hostage drama was spoiled when the hostage-taker suddenly exhibited violent behavior and began shooting the hostages , " Philippine National Police Chief Director Gen. Jesus A. Verzosa said Tuesday in a statement . National police said officials noted "  some observations and defects during their close monitoring of the unfolding events . " The statement did not provide details . However , it listed poor handling of the hostage negotiations ; inadequate capability , skills , equipment and planning of the assault team ; improper crowd control ; inadequate training and competence of the assault team leader ; and noncompliance to media relations procedures in hostage situations . "  The investigation has got to find out , what was the turning point ? What happened ? " said Richard Gordon , chairman of the Philippine National Red Cross . Gordon said survivors said the situation inside the bus changed dramatically toward the end of the 10-hour standoff . "  Apparently the man went berserk . He was telling everybody he was not going to harm -LSB- them -RSB- . ... He said that nobody 's going to get harmed . He said that he was probably going to die , but not the hostages , " he said . Santiago said that Mendoza 's family members spoke with him early in the standoff and that he appeared "  very reasonable and very psychologically stable . " Mendoza was a decorated police officer , winning several accolades . But his career spiraled downward when he was dismissed a year ago for extortion , Manila Vice Mayor Ikso Moreno said , and he wanted his motion for reconsideration to be heard . Moreno said that Mendoza 's brother was arrested during the standoff because he was "  guilty of conspiring with his brother " and allegedly helped instigate the shooting . Gordon said the brother 's arrest may have pushed the gunman over the edge . "  When he saw his brother getting accosted by the policemen , he went berserk and he started firing , " he said . CNN 's Anna Coren and Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report	Hong Kong government urges restraint in aftermath of hijacking Bodies , remaining tour group members arrive in Hong Kong Condolence points have been set up around Hong Kong A police official says he ordered the assault
CNN  -- Four more arrests have been made in connection over the death of a Dutch volunteer soccer official who was allegedly beaten by teenage players at an amateur game earlier this month . Dutch police said Tuesday they had arrested two 16-year-olds , a 17-year-old and a 50-year-old man . The latter is the father of a player of the Amsterdam junior side Nieuw Sloten that played in the match against SC Buitenboys , for whom 41-year-old Richard Nieuwenhuizen had volunteered to act as linesman for the December 2 game . There are now a total of eight people in custody following the arrest of four teenagers last week , and Dutch police have asked for anyone with photos or video recordings of the attack to come forward . If convicted of charges of manslaughter and assault , the two 15-year-olds in detention would serve a maximum sentence of one year in a youth prison -- while the 16-year-olds could be jailed for up to two years , unless judges rule that they should be treated as adults . Nieuwenhuizen 's son was playing for Buitenboys when the incident occurred in the city of Almere . The linesman reportedly fell into a coma after he was beaten , and he died the next day . Last weekend , 33,000 amateur football games across the Netherlands were canceled in tribute to Nieuwenhuizen , who was buried on Monday . Nieuwenhuizen 's death has resonated across the globe , with FIFA president Sepp Blatter among those extending condolences . "  Football is a mirror of society , and sadly the same ills that afflict society -- in this case violence -- also manifest themselves in our game , " the head of world soccer said in a statement on FIFA 's website . "  Nevertheless , I remain convinced that football -- through the example set by the tireless efforts of people like Mr. Nieuwenhuizen -- is a force for good , and we must continue to use its positive example to educate people against these wrongs . " Despite a relatively small population of 17.5 million , Holland has built an outstanding reputation for developing young footballers over the years , with its amateur youth clubs providing a strong breeding ground for the country 's professional clubs .	Eight people now in custody over the death of Dutch volunteer soccer official Two 16-year-olds , a 17-year-old as well as a 50-year-old man arrested on Tuesday Dutch police appeal for anyone with photos or video recordings of the attack to come forward Richard Nieuwenhuizen , 41 , died after being beaten following an amateur match
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  -- Turkish soldiers and tanks took up position along the border with Syria on Tuesday as its government debated whether to deploy troops to battle the Islamic State terror group , a move that comes as tens of thousands pour into the country to escape ISIS fighters . The flood of refugees from Syria has escalated -- with 150,000 people fleeing to Turkey in recent days -- as ISIS fighters armed with tanks and heavy weapons advance on the predominantly Kurdish town of Kobani , known in Arabic as Ayn al Arab , destroying villages in their path . ISIS fighters were just three kilometers  nearly two miles  east of the northern Syria town late Monday , a civilian in Kobani told CNN on condition of anonymity . CNN can not independently confirm the claim , though it matches reports released by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a monitoring group . U.S. airstrikes overnight targeted ISIS positions near Kobani , said Rear Adm. John Kirby , spokesman for the Pentagon . It was unclear whether the strikes stopped the ISIS advance , and Kirby provided only cursory details about what they targeted and what damage may have resulted . When asked why airstrikes in the Kobani area appear to be limited , a senior U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said a lack of direct , reliable intelligence on the ground and the need to be precise to avoid civilian casualties were among the factors . Poll : Americans back airstrikes , but oppose use of U.S. troops Turkey considers going after ISIS If ISIS takes Kobani , it would control a complete swath of land from its self-declared capital of Raqqa to the Turkish border , more than 100 kilometers  60 miles  away . It has been fighting for months , capturing portions of northern and eastern Syria and western and northern Iraq for what it says is its new Islamic state -- or caliphate . The Turkish Parliament on Tuesday took up the issue whether to send troops into Iraq and Syria to fight ISIS . The debate was expected to continue into the latter part of the week before lawmakers voted , according to Anadolu , Turkey 's semi-official news agency . Turkey has said it is offering support to a U.S.-led coalition targeting ISIS , but has stopped short of joining the 40-some countries who make up the coalition . But with more than 150,000 refugees pouring into the country since last week , adding to the hundreds of thousands who have already fled the Syrian civil war , and concerns about ISIS controlling border points , Turkish lawmakers are taking up the issue . Obama assesses ISIS strategy At the same time , U.S. President Barack Obama met with his National Security Council to discuss what White House officials described as a comprehensive strategy to counter the threat posed by ISIS , also known as ISIL . The meeting follows Obama 's admission on CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that the United States underestimated the strength of ISIS and overestimated the ability of the Iraqi security forces to fight the group . Nowhere was that assessment more evident than in reports ISIS had seized another Iraqi military base about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Baghdad over the weekend . Dozens of ISIS fighters attacked the Albu Aytha military base , north of Ramadi , where 180 Iraqi soldiers were stationed , according to Faleh al-Essawi , deputy head of the Anbar provincial council . ISIS has been fanning out across the Sunni-dominated Anbar region in recent months , targeting bases one by one across the vast area . Syrian town fears massacre ; Obama admits underestimating rise of ISIS About a week ago , details emerged regarding the massacre of more than 100 Iraqi soldiers at bases in Saqlawiyah and Sejar , also near Ramadi . A handful of survivors accused the Iraqi government of failing to respond to pleas for help ahead of the final ISIS assault on the base , after a dayslong siege . ISIS overruns military base While the majority of soldiers withdrew from the Albu Aytha base prior to it being overrun Sunday by ISIS fighters , a number of soldiers appear to have been killed . Images posted online by ISIS purport to show the takeover of the base in question , and include images of men dressed in uniform who appear to be dead Iraqi soldiers . While CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the ISIS images , giveaway features on the base and in the landscape do appear to show western Iraq , specifically , and very likely the base in question . ISIS also seized a large weapons cache left behind at the base , al-Essawi said . Amid the continuing violence , a string of car bombs and mortar attacks hit Iraqi cities , leaving dozens dead . In Baghdad , two car bombs and seven mortar attacks struck primarily Shiite neighborhoods , killing at least nine people and wounding 40 , police officials said . Car bombs also exploded in the predominantly Shiite cities of Hilla , Karbala and Basra , Iraqiya state TV reported . All three are south of the Iraqi capital . UK carries out first airstrikes The attacks came the same day that the United Kingdom said it conducted its first airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq , striking targets four days after Parliament voted to approve the country 's involvement . British planes helped Kurdish troops who were fighting ISIS in northwestern Iraq , dropping a bomb on an ISIS heavy weapon position and shooting a missile at an armed pickup truck , the UK 's defense ministry said . An initial assessment indicates both strikes were successful , according to the ministry . British planes had been involved in reconnaissance missions over Iraq in the days since lawmakers approved UK airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq on Friday , but Tuesday 's strikes were a first . Britain joins the United States and France as countries that have hit ISIS in Iraq with airstrikes , while Belgium and Denmark have also said they also will provide planes . Of those nations , only the United States -- in partnership with some Arab countries -- have struck ISIS positions in neighboring Syria . Australia police arrest man accused of funding U.S. fighter in Syria Peshmerga ` need more support ' In northern Iraq , Kurdish fighters known as Pershmerga , went after ISIS fighters in Rabia , a major border crossing between Syrian and Iraq that has been under the control of the militants since late June , Brig. Gen. Hazhar Ismail at the Peshmerga Ministry in Irbil told CNN . ISIS has been collecting money from people who use the border crossing , he said . The operation was preceded by coalition airstrikes . In Iraq , airstrikes overnight destroyed more ISIS transport and armored vehicles . There were also strikes near Mosul Dam , one of the country 's largest hydroelectric dams , the U.S. military also said . The dam provides water to most of northern Iraq . There were also strikes northwest of Baghdad and one that hit west Fallujah , according to the military . On the ground , Hazhar said , the Kurdish forces needed closer air support in the form of helicopter cover during operations . He complained that the Peshmerga 's budget , weapons and training must go through the central government in Baghdad and claimed that the Peshmerga "  have not received one dollar from Iraq , even though Parliament has approved funds . " Opinion : To beat ISIS , focus on young people CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Irbil and Gul Tuysuz from near the Turkey/Syria border , while Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Laura Smith-Spark , Mohammed Tawfeeqm , Barbara Starr and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama meets with National Security Council over ISIS strategy Turkey deploys troops along its border with Syria as lawmakers debate intervention British planes strike two ISIS targets in northwestern Iraq ISIS closing in on the Kobani area of Syria
CNN  -- Houdini would n't speak to me . He refused to say one word . He has n't spoken to anyone for 87 years -- since he died . Every Halloween , Harry Houdini fans try to prize a few words out of the world 's greatest escapologist . Before he died , Houdini promised to send a message back from the Other Side . After his death in Detroit on October 31 , 1926 , his wife , Bess , inaugurated the official Houdini séance . He has n't been heard from . Yet . This year 's séance will be held at the Halifax Citadel National Historic Site . The citadel is a 19th-century fort . The catacombs are supposedly haunted . Houdini played Nova Scotia and toured the Canadian Maritimes in 1896 . The séance will feature performances by local magicians . Some proceeds will go to the "  Feed Nova Scotia " initiative , a province-wide food bank . Seating is limited . Admission is $ 45 . Guests this year include escape artist Lucas Wilson , holder of three Guinness World Records , and the daughter of Jacques Price , one of the three men in the dressing room when Houdini received the fateful punches to his stomach . The medium charged with getting through to Houdini is Alan Hatfield of Pictou Landing First Nation . A former truck driver , Hatfield has been a professional psychic since 1988 and has helped on several missing persons inquiries . He claims to have spoken with victims of the Titanic disaster buried in Halifax 's Fairview Cemetery . "  I do n't know much about Houdini any more than the casual observer interested in magicians , " he says . "  I like to have no preconceived information but to begin all endeavors with spirit dialogs from Ground Zero status . It 's a privilege to be asked to be part of the séance . " Spirit hotline remains dead In 2001 , I had the honor of sitting at the séance table in Milwaukee , the first journalist to do so . Sadly , Houdini did n't show up . Or pick up . The line to the Other Side remained dead . Hatfield is more confident of success . "  I 'm not a traditional trance medium , but have had great results , using sweet grass and prayer to open doorways , " he says . "  And employing EVP  Electronic Voice Phenomena  recordings in communion with disembodied souls . " Among those joining hands around the table will be historians , collectors and experts such as Bill Radner , whose late father Sid owned the world 's largest Houdini collection . This included the only recording of the magician 's voice . The memorabilia was sold at auction in 2004 . "  We always have the séance handcuffs on the table , " says Radner . "  Only Houdini knew how to open them . They are similar to those he escaped from in a 1904 challenge in London staged by Britain 's Daily Mirror newspaper . " Houdini said he would open the handcuffs from the afterlife , if he could . "  They were very important to my father , " says Radner . "  He bought them from Harry 's brother , Theodore , who performed as Hardeen , and were first used in a séance in 1948 . " Until 1995 , the official Houdini séance was held at his graveside in New York 's Machpelah cemetery . It has since taken place around the United States as well as in London and Montreal . Great escapologist , but he could n't drive "  Harry was an amazing guy , " says fan and "  Inner Circle " member Tom Boldt , a construction executive from Wisconsin . "  There was n't much he could n't do . Except perhaps drive . He was the first man to fly a plane in Australia . In 1910 . He even toured in Russia . "  The séance has become part of Americana . It 's an opportunity to retell Houdini 's incredible rags to riches story . And another serious attempt to honor Houdini 's claim that if anyone could return from the hereafter , it would be him . " Fellow table member and séance host Bruce MacNab from Dartmouth , Nova Scotia , wrote an award winning book , "  The Apprenticeship of Harry Houdini , " about The Metamorphosis , Houdini 's tour of eastern Canada . He spent five years researching it . "  Houdini spent a month in the area and stayed in the Carleton House in Halifax , " says McNab . "  He discovered the straitjacket on the tour . "  His show at Yarmouth was his first one outside of the U.S. And the one in Dartmouth his first international one as a headliner . " Along with Frank Lloyd Wright , Senator Eugene Macarthy and Liberace , Houdini is one of Wisconsin 's favorite sons . His hometown of Appleton , two hours north of Milwaukee and one hour south of Green Bay , offers self-guided walking tours around Houdini-related sites , like the Houdini Elementary School . The school motto is "  The Magic of Learning . The Magic begins here . " There are the Houdini Escape Gastropub and the Stone Cellar Brewpub , which serves "  Houdini Honeywheat " or "  Weiss " beer . From shoe shiner to crowd pleaser Born Ehrich Weiss in Budapest in 1874 , Houdini spent the first nine years of his life in the Wisconsin town now famous for dairy farming and a fire engine factory . Appleton boasted the United States ' first enclosed shopping area and the country 's first hotel with electrified lighting . And first hydroelectric plant . Houdini 's father , Samuel , was the town rabbi . He preached above Heckert 's Saloon , now a carpet shop and bridal outfitter . The family home is now a shopping plaza . The only physical landmark left from Houdini 's boyhood is the wooden Temple Zion synagogue at 320 North Durkhee Street , which was built around the time Rabbi Weiss was sacked from his $ 750 a year job for not being able to preach in English . The family moved to Milwaukee in 1883 . Houdini and his brothers shined shoes and worked as newspaper boys for the Milwaukee Journal . Their father became a kosher butcher . Houdini took his name from the French illusionist , Robert-Eugene Houdin . His first professional performance is thought to have been at the Pasadena Athletic Club in New York . There 's a small Houdini museum in Scranton , Pennsylvania . The Library of Congress in Washington , D.C. and the University of Texas in Austin hold collections . There are commercial museums at Houdini 's Magic Shop in Las Vegas and Fantasma Magic in New York . Magician David Copperfield has a private collection . The Museum At The Castle in Appleton also has exhibits . Its gift shop sells straitjackets . But no butter churns or manacles . "  We hope to hear from Harry soon , " says Boldt . "  He might make his comeback if he knows it 's a sellout crowd . "  He was the ultimate showman . He once said that only when people were sure he was licked would he appear . He was a master of suspense . " This year 's Houdini séance takes place October 31 at the Halifax Citadel National Historic Site and is open to the public ; entrance fee $ 45 ; more information at this leading Houdini fan site . Numerous Houdini artifacts can be seen at the History Museum at the Castle in Appleton , Wisconsin .	Harry Houdini died in 1926 , having said he would speak from the afterlife He also said he 'd open a pair of handcuffs , but to date neither has occurred This year 's seance takes place in Halifax , Nova Scotia , on October 31 , the anniversary of Houdini 's death
London  CNN  -- When it comes to the Renaissance , few of us would immediately equate the rich cultural fruits of the period with the birth of the modern banking system . But a new exhibition in Florence is showing just how intertwined the two really were . Entitled "  Money and Beauty : Bankers , Botticelli and the Bonfire of the Vanities , " the exhibition in Florence 's Palazzo Strozzi looks at how Florence 's famous families got rich -- and how they then used their wealth to commission works from some of the world 's most celebrated artists . According to the Palazzo 's Director General James Bradburne , the idea for the show had been in development since 2006 , but it would be another two years before it was cemented as a particularly apt exploration of the city 's history . "  September 2008 rolls around and we 're talking about the development of the show and Lehman Brothers goes bust , which made the whole idea very timely , " he said . The show 's trajectory takes in the birth of the Medici bank and its use of relatively new financial systems , including letters of exchange  an ingenious type of lending that managed to get around usury laws by changing foreign currencies and profiting on exchange rather than interest rates  , right up to its collapse at the end of the 15th century . Included in the show are paintings by Sandro Botticelli , who had a close relationship with the Medicis , as well as paintings of the new mercantile class and their novel activities by artists such as Dutch painter Marinus van Reymerswaele . And gold -- whether in the form of coins or the golden halos hovering over depictions of the holy family -- is one of the exhibition 's dominant themes and materials . The exhibition is curated by English writer Tim Parks , author of "  Medici Money : Banking , Metaphysics and Art in Fifteenth-Century Florence , " and Ludovica Sebregondi , an Italian art historian and author of "  Iconography of Girolamo Savonarola , 1495 -1998 . " Both show how the bankers , worried that their activities might be contravening their religious beliefs , poured money into building churches and commissioning devotional paintings -- often with themselves inserted into them . "  The bankers were never quite sure whether  the letter of exchange  was usury of not , a lot of theologians said it was and a lot of theologians said it was n't , " Parks explained . "  So you have a situation where these bankers , who were often very devout men , were making penitential gestures towards the church just in case , " he said . The influence of their new wealth , he said , is evident in the paintings of the holy family , where the Virgin is frequently depicted wearing sumptuous Florentine clothes and the artists use significant amounts of gold . "  You could say that some of these gestures were simply penitential , but then the banker begins to realize that in giving them money he can also begin to define the image that is produced by his money , and of course one of the things he instinctively does , whether it 's conscious or not , is to use the image to change the attitude to money , that is , begin to use the image to undermine the resistance to money , " said Parks . Money was feared , he said , not only because Christianity espoused poverty but crucially because it allowed for social mobility and therefore undermine the set Medieval hierarchies . Still , for a few years , the Medicis were in charge of papal finances . And , said Parks , the artists were often happy to oblige in order to ensure their own economic prosperity . Sebregondi , for her part , does n't believe that the artworks commissioned necessarily spoke of cynicism on the part of the patrons or the artists . "  Patrons wanted works of art to highlight their wealth and their power , but the beauty aspect allowed them to "  purify " their money , to shake off the vulgarity and the sense of sin that has always been associated with it , " she said . Regardless of their efforts , there was a backlash , personified at the end of the 15th century by the preacher Girolamo Savonarola , who railed against the lavish lives of the rich and encouraged artists such as Botticelli to throw their works onto "  bonfires of the vanities . " The exhibition ends with a section on Savonarola and includes the turbulent , later paintings of Botticelli , who Sebregondi believes was tormented by "  emotional anguish . " It was a tumultuous time , said Bradburne , with some echoes of our current predicament . "  It is not a coincidence , any more then than now , that wealth and the investment in certain kinds of expression of wealth are related , " he said . "  One might say  the banker 's money  basically funded the Renaissance , " Sebregondi concluded . Money and Beauty : Bankers , Botticelli and the Bonfire of the Vanities runs at the Palazzo Strozzi in Florence , Italy , until January 22 , 2012 .	A new exhibition explains the links between art and money in Renaissance Italy Paintings by Sandro Botticelli and others are displayed alongside letters of exchange The show runs at the Palazzo Strozzi in Florence , Italy , until January 22 , 2012
CNN  -- One of the World Cup 's most exciting players has joined Real Madrid . James Rodriguez -- Colombia 's star man at Brazil 2014 and winner of the Golden Boot -- penned a six-year contract with the reigning European champion after his transfer from Monaco was completed in a reported $ 121 million deal . The 23-year-old midfielder 's six goals and two assists at the World Cup had heads turning at all the big clubs , but Real was destined to get its man after Rodriguez told Spanish sports newspaper Marca that he dreamed of playing for "  Los Blancos . " "  It 's really flattering to know that a club of Real Madrid 's stature is interested in me . It 'd be a dream to join the club of my dreams , " Rodriguez said . "  Would I jump at the chance to go to Real ? No doubt about it , my answer is a resounding yes , " he added . It was then only a matter of time before Real Madrid came knocking on Monaco 's door . Rodriguez joined Monaco last year for a fee of $ 60.8 million and scored 10 goals in 38 appearances as the French club finished runner-up to Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 . Former Monaco chief executive and technical director Tor-Kristian Karlsen , who has regularly scouted players from Latin America , says Rodriguez is right up there with the world 's best . "  He 's possibly the best playmaker in the world at present , " Karlsen told CNN in June . Rodriguez even caught the attention of NBA star and avid football fan LeBron James . "  Man watching this Colombia game I think I have my new favorite player in the World Cup ! Obviously his name help that out #Biased " LeBron tweeted . The 10-time European champion has always aimed to buy the world 's top players , and Rodriguez certainly fits the mold following his exploits at Brazil 2014 , where he scored the goal of the tournament against Uruguay . His innate ability to pick a pass and his willingness to attack with speed and control make him an exciting prospect for a Real Madrid team intent on playing a counter-attacking style of football . After beating Atletico Madrid in the Champions League final last season , Real Madrid will want to ensure it keeps up its trophy-winning ways . Rodriguez follows World Cup winner Toni Kroos to the Bernabeu -- the Germany midfielder was bought for a reported $ 34 million from Bayern Munich last week .	World Cup Golden Boot winner James Rodriguez joins Real Madrid on six-year contract By moving from Monaco to Real Madrid , Rodriguez completed his "  dream " move He joins World Cup winner and new signing Toni Kroos as part of the new-look Galacticos
On Monday night at the CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate in Tampa , Florida , Gov. Rick Perry of Texas suggested that he could n't be bought for a campaign contribution of $ 5,000 . That raises the question : Is there a price at which Perry 's loyalty is for sale ? During the debate , House Tea Party Caucus founder and fellow presidential hopeful Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , alleged that campaign cash and connections to a major drug company played a pivotal role in Perry 's executive order in February 2007 that mandated teenaged girls in Texas be inoculated against HPV , a virus that can cause cervical cancer .  The order was overturned by the legislature two months later and did not go into effect . "  The company was Merck , and it was a $ 5,000 contribution that I had received from them , " Perry responded . "  I raise about $ 30 million . And if you 're saying that I can be bought for $ 5,000 , I 'm offended . " But Merck 's ties to Perry run much deeper than one $ 5,000 check . Merck has given $ 28,500 to Perry 's gubernatorial campaigns since January 2001 , according to a new report by Texans for Public Justice , a political watchdog group , which uses data from the Center for Responsive Politics . And since January 2006 , Merck has given an additional $ 377,500 to the Republican Governors Association , which , in turn , was one of the largest backers of Perry 's own campaigns . Notably , Perry also served as the chairman of the governors association in 2008 and again this year , until last month , when Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell succeeded him , so that Perry could pursue his presidential run . Did Bachmann 's drug lobbyist claims ring true ? Perhaps more importantly , Perry 's friend , former chief of staff Mike Toomey , spun through the revolving door to become a lobbyist for Merck in Texas , a position he held at the time of the HPV-related executive order . Merck was the first company to offer an FDA-approved HPV vaccine , which it offers under the brand name Gardasil . In 2009 , the FDA also approved the drug Cervarix , made by GlaxoSmithKline , which , for its part , has given about the same amount of money as Merck to Perry 's gubernatorial campaigns since 2001 and nearly four times as much as Merck to the Republican Governors Association since 2006 . In fact , three other pharmaceutical companies have given more money to Perry than Merck and substantially more money to the Republican Governors Association than Merck . The absence of attention-grabbing headlines does not signify that these companies expect nothing in exchange for their investments . To the contrary , it is their fiduciary obligation to return a profit to their shareholders . Bankrolling politicians -- Republican and Democrat -- is just another tool to help them meet their goals and , in so doing , bolster their profits . If anything , money spent on political donations and lobbying holds more sway when it is unexamined . Perry 's ties to Merck have made it into the sunlight , and people are now considering his actions in light of their past ties . Is this an example of "  crony capitalism ? " That 's not for the Center for Responsive Politics to decide . It 's the public 's job to decide if the money outweighed the merits in this policy decision , but it needs to have all of the facts in hand to do so . Furthermore , Perry 's actions benefiting donors from the pharmaceutical industry do n't appear to stop with Merck . For instance , drug-maker Novartis Pharmaceuticals has also contributed handsomely to the Republican Governors Association and it has also benefited from Perry 's support . Novartis has donated $ 700,000 to the RGA since January 2006 , although it has only directly donated $ 5,000 to Perry 's own campaign . In 2009 , Perry signed a bill into law mandating meningitis vaccines for all college students , a requirement he expanded again earlier this year . Novartis was not the only pharmaceutical company to benefit from the new requirement , but its Manveo vaccine , introduced less than a year later , fit the bill . As for Toomey , his involvement with Perry does n't end with the HPV vaccine . Earlier this summer , lobbyist Toomey co-founded a super PAC known as Make Us Great Again to aid Perry 's presidential run . According to NBC News , Toomey 's super PAC plans to spend a staggering $ 55 million to help his man win the GOP nomination . If Make Us Great Again does spend more tens of millions to help Perry secure the Republican presidential nomination , what might Toomey and his clients be owed in return ? What might the donors to Make Us Great Again be expecting a President Perry to deliver ?	Sheila Krumholz , Michael Beckel say Rick Perry took heat over HPV vaccine position They say he claims $ 5,000 Merck contribution did n't influence his support for vaccine But , they say , he 's gotten $ 28,500 from Merck since 2001 ; his former aide lobbied for Merck Writers : Now ex-aide runs PAC to help fund Perry 's campaign . What will donors want ?
CNN  The mother of a quadriplegic man who police say was left in the woods for days can not be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "  treatment , " Maryland police said Monday . The Montgomery County  Maryland  Department of Police took Nyia Parler , 41 , into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland . A man walking through the woods found him Friday "  lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby , " Philadelphia police say . Citing federal health care privacy laws , Montgomery County police spokesman Capt. Paul Starks said he could not divulge why Parler was receiving treatment , but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited . She remained in treatment as of Tuesday morning , Starks told CNN . If she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to Philadelphia once the treatment is complete , he said . For more than four days , police say , the quadriplegic man , who also suffers from cerebral palsy , was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia 's Cobbs Creek Park . Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area Wednesday and Thursday . The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker told reporters that the man 's mother left him there the morning of April 6 . Starks identified the mother as Parler on Monday . "  The mother went to visit her boyfriend down in Maryland , over in Montgomery County , and we believe she placed the child into Cobbs Creeks Park , " Walker said at a news conference . Walker told CNN the man was transported to Presbyterian Hospital , but CNN affiliates reported he was being treated at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . He suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . "  This kid 's obviously a fighter , " Walker said during a Saturday news conference . "  It 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . To see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . " Officials at Philadelphia 's School of the Future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , Philadelphia police said . "  The aunt was in contact via text message with Nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant , Nyia replied , ` We 're OK , ' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with Nyia in Maryland , " according to a police news release . When police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , Walker said . "  She indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in Maryland , " he said . The boyfriend was not aware of what happened , Walker told CNN affiliate KYW-TV . When she arrives in Philadelphia , the mother will stand charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses , a Philadelphia police spokeswoman said . Walker told reporters she bore "  clear criminal liability in this case . " There was no reason for the man to suffer , Walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . Two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . Parler 's sister told police that Parler has another child , a 16-year-old . The mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , Walker told reporters . Authorities are interested in learning more about "  how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Mother must complete "  treatment " before she can be extradited , Maryland police say Mom told police son was with her in Maryland , but he was found Friday alone in woods Victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition
CNN  -- The divisive issue of same-sex marriage in California may become another landmark case taken up by the U.S. Supreme Court after federal appeals court judges refused Tuesday to revisit an earlier ruling . The 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco denied a request to re-examine the issue , months after judges gave gay and lesbian couples constitutional blessing to wed in the state . A stay on same-sex marriages in California remains in place until the issue is exhausted in the courts . Stars talk marriage equality at Prop 8 play In February , a three-judge panel of that court ruled the measure unconstitutional . In its split decision , the panel found that Proposition 8 "  works a meaningful harm to gays and lesbians " by denying their right to civil marriage in violation of the 14th Amendment . Backers of the proposition had asked for a larger panel of judges to rehear the case . In a seven-page order Tuesday , the court refused . The parties now have 90 days to ask the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene . Supporters of Proposition 8 vowed to appeal to the nation 's highest court . "  Marriage is a universal good that has been honored by diverse cultures and faiths for the entire history of Western civilization , " said Brian Raum , senior counsel for the Alliance Defense Fund . The organization is part of the legal defense team for ProtectMarriage.com , the banner organization for proponents of the measure . Fast facts : Same-sex marriage "  The ProtectMarriage.com legal team looks forward to standing before the U.S. Supreme Court on behalf of the people 's right to preserve the fundamental building block of civilization , especially since the dissents accompanying today 's decision strongly support our arguments . The democratic process and the most important human institution -- marriage -- should n't be overthrown based on the demands of Hollywood activists . " "  Millions of Californians who gave their time and treasure to protect marriage deserve better , " said Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage . "  We are calling on the U.S. Supreme Court to preserve our democratic rights and overturn this action of judicial arrogance . " Gay-rights advocates , meanwhile , hailed the court 's action . "  Today 's refusal by the 9th Circuit to grant further review is a testament to the meticulous and well-reasoned opinion originally issued by the court , " said Kate Kendell , executive director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights . Is same-sex marriage too radical for America ? "  While the supporters of Proposition 8 will now seek review by the U.S. Supreme Court , there is no doubt that they are on the wrong side of history . Excluding same-sex couples from the right to marry runs counter to our highest ideals of equality and fairness . " "  Today 's decision by the Ninth Circuit ... brings committed same-sex couples in California one step closer to being able to marry , " said Evan Wolfson , president of the group Freedom to Marry . "  It 's now been three and a half years since the freedom to marry was stripped from loving and committed same-sex couples . It is long past time for this ` gay exception ' to marriage in California to come to an end . " CNN poll : Majority of Americans say they have gay friends , family members The three-judge panel 's ruling in February upheld a 2010 decision by a U.S. district judge in San Francisco . However , in the appeals court decision , Judges Stephen Reinhardt and Michael Daly Hawkins said that they were speaking only about Proposition 8 and that states would have to decide the marriage issue themselves . California 's Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriages were legal in 2008 , before Proposition 8 went before voters . After the measure passed with 52 % of the vote that year , its passage put an end to the practice . Last month , a federal appeals court in Massachusetts struck down a key part of the Defense of Marriage Act -- the law banning federal recognition of same-sex marriage -- as unconstitutional . The issue before the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was whether the federal government could deny tax , health and pension benefits to same-sex couples in states where they can legally marry . The Massachusetts case could also soon be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court . Currently , same-sex marriage is legal in six states : Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York , along with the District of Columbia . Washington and Maryland voted earlier this year to allow same-sex marriages , but the laws have not yet taken effect . Another five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- allow civil unions , providing state-level spousal rights to same-sex couples . Last month , President Barack Obama , who previously opposed same-sex marriage , said that he now supports it . "  When I think about those soldiers or airmen or Marines or sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf and yet feel constrained , even now that ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' is gone , because they are not able to commit themselves in a marriage , at a certain point I 've just concluded that for me personally , it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married , " the president told ABC . The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People also announced last month that it supports same-sex marriage . The California cases are Perry v. Brown and Coleman v. Brown .	The parties now have 90 days to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court A stay on same-sex marriage in California will remain in place Supporters of Proposition 8 had asked for a rehearing of the case A three-judge panel in February ruled the proposition illegal
Washington 's governor estimated Friday it will take about $ 15 million to fix a bridge on Interstate 5 that collapsed into a river after being struck by an 18-wheeler , shutting down a portion of the state 's main artery to Canada . The news came at the start of the busy holiday weekend as state and federal investigators worked to figure out what led to Thursday 's collapse of the bridge , which sent vehicles tumbling into the Skagit River near Mount Vernon , about 60 miles north of Seattle . While at least three people were taken to hospitals , there were no fatalities . Gov. Jay Inslee declared a state of emergency in Washington 's northwestern counties of Skagit , Snohomish and Whatcom , noting that the highway is a major conduit and its closure -- for a "  significant period " -- will hurt the area 's economy and its residents . It 's unclear how long the interstate will be closed for the bridge repairs . National Transportation Safety Board inspectors were expected to spend 7 to 10 days investigating the crash , said NTSB chairwoman Deborah Hersman . Showing ` its age ' An initial investigation shows the 1,111 foot-long bridge collapsed when a tractor-trailer hauling an oversized load hit one of the bridge 's overhead tresses , known as the "  superstructure , " Hersman said . "  Obviously , this is a bridge that has lived a very long life , " she told reporters . While the bridge built in 1955 is showing "  its age , " it appears to have been structurally sound . As part of the investigation , the NTSB will review the state 's maintenance and inspection records as well as any damage reports and repairs made to the bridge , Hersman said . A heavy traffic backup along Interstate 5 was reported in both directions by midday Friday as cars and trucks inched along a cumbersome detour that took vehicles off the interstate and onto county roads . Roughly 70,000 vehicles travel that portion of the interstate a day , according to the state Department of Transportion . The collapse apparently was the result of a collision between the tractor-trailer 's cargo and the bridge , Washington State Patrol Sgt. Kirk Rudeen told CNN on Friday . The truck was hauling equipment for a drilling rig , he said . ` Hold on ' Dan Sligh was driving behind the 18-wheeler when he saw it strike one of the bridge 's overhead support structures , and then saw the bridge give way . He slammed on the brakes , but the momentum of his pickup and camper trailer carried Sligh and his wife off the bridge and into the water dozens of feet below , he told CNN affiliate KOMO Thursday , hours after the incident some 60 miles north of Seattle . "  You hold on as tight as you can , " Sligh said . Then , a "  white flash and cold water . " The impact dislocated his shoulder , but the Navy veteran just popped it back in and dragged his unresponsive wife to safety . A second vehicle with one person inside also fell from the bridge , according to state officials . Amazingly , no one died . Sligh 's wife , Sally , was the only one of the three who remained hospitalized Friday . She was in stable condition , according to Skagit Valley Hospital . "  Rough day , " Dan Sligh told KOMO . "  Glad to be here breathing . " ` Functionally obsolete ' The bridge had been rated "  functionally obsolete , " according to a federal database , but state officials said it was safe to drive on . That category is for bridges that may have narrow lanes or shoulders , or spans that do n't provide enough vertical clearance to let tall trucks pass , according to Washington 's DOT . The bridge was inspected as recently as November , said Dave Chesson , a spokesman for the Washington Department of Transportation . "  We would n't be having drivers drive on this bridge if we thought there were any concerns whatsoever , " he said Friday . Sligh told KOMO he was traveling south on the interstate behind the tractor-trailer when he realized the load appeared to be about four feet too wide to fit through the bridge 's superstructure . "  Any time he wants to go over to the left would be OK , " Sligh said he told his wife . But another tractor-trailer appeared to hem the truck in to the right lane . "  There was a big puff of dust , and I hit the brakes . " Dale Ogden told CNN affiliate KING that he was driving near the tractor-trailer 's pilot car when he saw a device on that car designed to indicate whether a truck can clear an obstacle hit the top of the bridge . He then watched in his rear-view mirror as the truck struck the bridge , he told KING . "  It almost tipped the truck over but it came back down . It tipped it up to about a 30-degree angle to the left and it came back down on its wheels , and almost instantaneously behind that I saw girders falling in my rear-view mirror , " he said . The tractor-trailer did not go into the water . The driver was questioned but not detained , state police said . Emergency funding The U.S. Department of Transportation released $ 1 million in emergency funding for the bridge , Inslee said Friday on Twitter . Inslee said the accident starkly demonstrates the need for additional funding for roads and bridges . "  We have some work to do on our bridges whether or not this accident happened , and we have some discussions in Olympia " -- the state capital -- "  about making sure that we make investments in bridges to prevent this kind of thing from happening , " he told reporters . In March , President Barack Obama called on Congress to provide $ 21 billion for infrastructure construction , including improvements to existing roadways.READ MORE : How safe is that bridge you 're driving on ?	NTSB inspectors are investigating the events surrounding the collapse Bridge repair will cost $ 15 million , Washington 's governor says Police : An oversized drill rig casing on a truck hit a bridge girder , leading to the collapse Officials : The bridge was listed as "  functionally obsolete , " but that does n't mean unsafe
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's cancer surgery Wednesday was successful , her spokesman said . There were no complications during the 3 1/2 - hour operation to remove Fernandez 's thyroid gland , presidential spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said . Last week doctors said tests indicated that the papillary carcinoma detected in Fernandez 's thyroid had not spread to her lymph nodes or grown beyond the gland . The president was awake after Wednesday 's surgery and will recover in a post-operation room for 72 hours , Scoccimarro said . Hundreds of supporters waved flags and banners outside the Austral Hospital , located about 60 kilometers  35 miles  from Buenos Aires . "  The truth is I was praying a lot , with all my strength , and now I feel very happy . I think the Virgin has granted a miracle , " supporter Sofia Godoy said shortly after the spokesman 's announcement . Some said they planned to stay camped outside the hospital until the president 's release . "  We are going to wait a little more until she recuperates from everything and can come outside , " Angel Cifo said . "  We hope to wait to see if we can say hello . " Before the operation , Fernandez handed over power to Vice President Amado Boudou until January 24 . Fernandez , 58 , was sworn in for a second four-year term last month after she won re-election with more than 54 % of the vote . She became Argentina 's president in 2007 . Her husband , Nestor Kirchner , was president from 2003 to 2007 . He died in October 2010 . During Fernandez 's presidency , Argentina 's economy has enjoyed sustained growth of about 8 % annually . Papillary carcinoma is the most common type of thyroid cancer and has a high survival rate , according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine . More than 95 % of adults with papillary thyroid carcinoma survive at least 10 years , according to a description on the library 's website . Treatment includes surgery , radioactive iodine and medication , the library says . During Fernandez 's surgery , doctors also likely took tissue samples from her lymph nodes to examine whether the cancer has spread , Washington-based oncologist Dr. Elmer Huerta told CNN . "  Now they are going to study them , " Huerta said . "  That 's why it is very important that we wait for the next report , which will be in about 10 days . " CNN 's Brian Byrnes , Javier Doberti , Patricia Janiot and Fernando del Rincon contributed to this report .	NEW : Hundreds of supporters wave flags and banners outside the hospital Spokesman : President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's operation was a success The president 's thyroid was removed after doctors detected papillary carcinoma Fernandez has handed power temporarily to the vice president until January 24
CNN  -- It 's often described as the game no team wants to play in . This was certainly the case for Brazil Saturday as the World Cup hosts suffered further embarrassment after the Netherlands triumphed 3-0 in the third place playoff match in Brasilia . Chaotic defending helped the Dutch race into an early lead with Robin van Persie scoring a penalty before Daley Blind added a second soon after . Brazil spent much of the second period looking for a way back into the game but despite a couple of dangerous looking free-kicks and a solid claim for a penalty of their own never looked like clawing back the deficit . A late strike by Georginio Wijnaldum added further gloss to the scoreline and piled even more misery on the World Cup hosts . It 's a result that will doubtless further fuel the debate as to how the world 's most successful football nation overhauls the structure of its game after a calamitous end to its first home World Cup in 64 years . As in Tuesday 's 7-1 shellacking at the hands of Germany , a glaring lack of quality and organization shone through in the Estadio Nacional Mane Garrincha . Brazil was once more out-maneuvered and out-thought by their well drilled opponents . Dutch coach Louis van Gaal takes a pride -- which he 's not shy of telling everyone about -- in preparing for every eventuality during a match , although he gave the impression that this fixture was not much of a concern to him ahead of the game . "  There is only one award that counts and that is becoming world champions , " he had told reporters after losing to Argentina in midweek . Here , Van Gaal made two changes to the side which started that semifinal . Jordy Clasie came in for Nigel de Jong in midfield and Jonathan de Guzman replaced Wesley Sneijder who injured a hamstring in the warm-up . Brazil too altered its personnel . Captain Thiago Silva was restored to the center of defense after his suspension while Maxwell , Willian and Jo all came in to the side . It would make little difference . The shortcomings so ruthlessly exposed by Thomas Muller and co. in Belo Horizonte were clear for all to see right from the off . Arjen Robben burst clear of the Brazil defense in the first minute and was pulled back by Silva as he approached the box . The referee had little option despite contact beginning outside the area and pointed to the spot . He arguably should have sent Silva off for denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity but instead flashed only a yellow card , much to the frustration of Robben . Van Persie stepped up and blasted the ball high beyond Julio Cesar in the Brazil goal . Brazil immediately began to press high looking to force a mistake that would let them back into the game , but in doing so left themselves exposed at the back . It was a tactic that when combined with yet more suicidal defending from David Luiz would lead to the Dutch doubling their advantage after 17 minutes . A weak headed clearance from the former Chelsea defender fell at the feet of Blind who had what seemed like an age to take two touches to set himself before firing the ball beyond Cesar with his third touch . Brazilian fans would have been forgiven for fearing the worst at this stage . But the five times world champions composed themselves as the match progressed . They had a penalty claim of their own turned down midway through the second half after Blind appeared to clear out Oscar in the area . Wijnaldum 's neat finish in the 90th minute , meanwhile , was one of the few clear shots on goal the Netherlands had in the second half . Still , the gulf in class was obvious throughout and not what the world has come to expect from the land of Pele , Garrincha , Zico , Socrates , Romario and Ronaldo . Neymar and Silva aside , Brazil have looked little more than average throughout the tournament , drawing on good fortune and favorable refereeing decisions to make it past decent but limited teams like Croatia , Mexico and Cameroon . A physically robust approach , meanwhile , was deployed against more skilful teams like Chile and Colombia . As a result , few sides have committed as many fouls as Brazil . This is a particularly galling statistic for the once renowned samba kings , emphasizing the negative , spoiling nature of much of their play over the last four weeks . Gone are the days , for now at least , of ball-playing midfielders who could flummox opponents and onlookers alike with their skill , style and mastery of the ball . Instead , powerful players like Fernandinho , Luiz Gustavo and Paulinho graft in the midfield engine room for the vintage of 2014 . More technically adept talent like Philippe Coutinho , Lucus Moura and even Ronaldinho have been squeezed out of the team and the squad as a result . There might be plenty of muscle in this Brazil side but at times the hosts also have seemed like a collective nervous wreck . Tears have been shed during the playing of the anthem before games and after penalty shootouts . For the Netherlands , change is also afoot . Van Gaal will depart to manage English Premier League team Manchester United and Guus Hiddink will arrive to plot the path to the European Championships in France 2016 . Another group of fine young Dutch players have made their tournament debuts in Brazil as the old stagers like Van Persie , Robben , Dirk Kuyt and Sneijder have possibly played their last World Cup . The likes of Bruno Martins Indi , Memphis Depay , Jasper Cillessen , Blind and Stefan de Vrij have all equipped themselves well . Blind , who is the son of the Dutch assistant coach Danny , in particular looked mature and composed in both defense and attack before being carried off injured late on while de Vrij was again calm at the back . If only the future looked as rosy for Brazil . Coach Luiz Felipe Scolari will find out whether he will keep his job as coach as the post-mortem begins . "  It is up to the president to decide , " Scolari told reporters after the match , referring to the head of the Brazilian Football Federation . "  We will hand in a final report and then leave it to him to analyze what needs to be done . " Meanwhile , many of the players who performed so miserably in the latter stages will likely not play for their national team again . And yet , despite all this , the most painful result could be yet to come . Argentina will face Germany Sunday in the Maracana Stadium in Rio to decide who will win this most entertaining of tournaments . Should Brazil 's great South American rivals triumph , this World Cup could quite possibly top the famous Maracanzo of 1950 in the annals of Brazilian sporting disasters .	Netherlands defeats Brazil 3-0 in World Cup third place playoff match Robin van Persie Daley Blind and Georginio Wijnaldum score Dutch goals Netherlands secures bronze medal at World Cup for the first time Argentina and Germany meet in Sunday 's final
CNN  -- Crews bolstered by out-of-state help worked in Texas on Monday to contain large wildfires responsible for destroying close to 100 homes and other structures , officials said . "  We are all doing the best we can , " said Lisa Nugent , director of the Chamber of Commerce in Fort Davis , where the Texas Forest Service said fire has already destroyed 40 to 50 homes . "  We have firefighters from all over the country . " She said it is too early for people to come to look at the damage . "  We do n't want people coming back or visiting , " Nugent said . The town is still in an "  imminent danger of fire , " with several fires still burning nearby . "  I can see black smoke behind the courthouse , " she said . The fire in Presidio County has grown to 80,000 acres with only 10 % containment , the Forest Service said early Monday . That growth , according to fire operations chief Mark Sanford , came after the fire "  made a 12-mile run on Saturday . " Officials still do n't know what caused the fast-moving fire , he said . Despite the damage , Nugent said things could be much worse . "  Tourism is huge " in Fort Davis , she said , but none of the tourist structures have been burned . The downtown and the historic fort buildings are unscathed , she said . The blaze , known as the Rock House fire , is currently the largest fire burning in the United States and is just one of 10 fires burning more than 312,000 acres in Texas . Another 34 homes have burned in a fire in Midland County that has consumed over 16,500 acres and that the state agency on Sunday described as "  very active " and not at all contained , officials said . A Red Cross shelter has been set up at Midland College for those displaced or otherwise affected by this wildfire . "  Firefighters  ca n't outrun it , " said Alan Craft , a spokesman for the state 's Lone Star Incident Management Team . Another large fire near Swenson has scorched some 103,000 acres in three counties , according to the state Forest Service . Spokeswoman April Saginor said officials believe the Swenson fire has been that large for a couple of days , but were not able to remap it until Monday . As of Sunday night , the blaze across parts of Stonewall , Knox and King counties was totally uncontained despite the use of air resources , bulldozers , fire engines and other tools and personnel , a statement from the Forest Service said . Official say this fire was caused by a man cutting a pipe . There have been no evacuations yet related to another 60,000-acre blaze , this one in Potter and Moore counties near the city of Masterson . That fire is 50 % contained but is still considered a threat to the towns of Dumas and Sunray , the Forest Service said . Gov. Rick Perry renewed a disaster proclamation in effect for all of Texas ' 249 counties -- even though major fires are occurring in only 13 of them -- to expedite assistance in case of new fires , his office said Sunday in a statement . In addition to more than 750 personnel working with the Texas Forest Service , the governor 's statement noted that two Blackhawk helicopters from the Texas Military Forces , bulldozers from the state transportation department and resources from 60 fire departments statewide were part of the effort . Improved wind conditions over the past couple of days have helped firefighters in their battle , but dry conditions remain and still pose a problem , CNN Meteorologist Monica O'Connor said Monday . Six new wildfires reported on Sunday were quickly brought under control , a Texas Forest Service statement said . Authorities in the Lone Star State have responded to 6,831 fires over 643,000 acres since wildfire season began . Texas is not alone , as wildfires are burning in large swaths of the Southwest and Midwest , fanned in part by dry , warm and windy conditions . In the past few days , the National Weather Service has issued "  red flag warnings " for New Mexico , Colorado , Kansas , Missouri , Oklahoma and Texas . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin on Sunday extended a state of emergency for seven counties . The designation authorizes state agencies to make emergency purchases needed to quickly deliver resources to local jurisdictions , the state 's emergency operations center said . Parts of Oklahoma remain under a "  fire weather watch , " which means that critical fire weather conditions are forecast to occur . Many southern counties in Texas are under a "  red flag warning , " meaning conditions have created the potential for explosive fire growth . The National Weather Service 's website urges residents to exercise extreme care with respect to all outdoor activities that could inadvertently cause wildfires . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Stephanie Gallman , Mariano Castillo and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Fires have burned more than 312,00 acres in Texas NEW : A fire near Swenson has scorched 103,000 acres Firefighters from all over the country are in Texas to battle the wildfires 40 to 50 homes have been destroyed in Presidio County
CNN  Amedy Coulibaly apparently tried to justify himself to his hostages in a deadly standoff at a kosher market in eastern Paris -- and perhaps unbeknownst to him , a radio station was listening , a recording purportedly reveals . French radio station RTL says that it called the market Friday after authorities say Coulibaly took customers and workers hostage . Coulibaly apparently took the call and then tried to hang up , the station says , but the line remained open . In a recording of what followed , a man the station identifies as Coulibaly holds a dialogue with others -- apparently hostages -- in which he says he attacked because the French military has attacked Muslims in the Middle East and Mali , including ISIS militants . "  I was born in France . If they did n't attack other countries , I would n't be here , " a voice says in RTL 's recording . Officials say Coulibaly killed four hostages in the grocery store , and he was then shot and killed when police raided the store to free the hostages . One freed hostage , who gave her name only as Marie , told CNN affiliate BFMTV that the gunman started shooting "  as soon as he got inside . " "  We were sitting , and at our right there were two corpses -- two customers who died at the very beginning , " Marie said . " ... He scared us because he told us , ` I 'm not afraid to die . ' And he said , ` Either I die or I go to jail for 40 years . ' " Store worker Lassana Bathily told BFMTV that he guided a group of shoppers into a downstairs walk-in freezer . Coulibaly demanded the people come upstairs or he would shoot them , Bathily said . The worker said he shut off the light in the room and the power to the freezer and told the people to stay calm . "  I 'm the one is going to go out , " he recounted telling them . "  I took the elevator and went upstairs . " When the doors of the freight elevator opened , he looked both ways . He saw no one , so he ran . Once outside , he was detained by police , but later helped them by describing the supermarket floor plan . It was unclear whether the people were able to remain downstairs . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he 'd spoken by phone with a survivor who told him that a young , male Jew was shot after he tried to grab the gunman 's weapon . "  He was shot , and struggling for his life for 45 minutes , " Netanyahu said , recounting what the survivor told him . The four slain victims were identified Saturday by the French Jewish publication JSSNEWS as being Yohan Cohen , 22 , Yoav Hattab , 21 , Philippe Braham and Francois Michel Saada . The four hostages were killed by the gunman before police stormed the market , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said Friday . Recording : ` Militants are going to come ' Coulibaly was part of the same Islamic jihadist groups as Cherif and Said Kouachi , the brothers who police say committed Wednesday 's massacre at the Charlie Hebdo magazine offices in Paris and were killed in a separate standoff north of Paris on Saturday , French police union spokesman Pascal Disant said . In RTL 's recording , the man purported to be Coulibaly tells the hostages that they are accountable for France 's actions against Muslim militants abroad , in part because the hostages pay taxes and elect the government 's leaders . "  But I am telling you , it 's almost over . Militants are going to come . There are going to be more and more . They  France  need to stop . They need to stop attacking ISIS , " the man says , referring to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the Sunni Muslim extremist group and al Qaeda offshoot that is waging a brutal war for what it says is its Islamic caliphate in the Middle East . "  They need to stop asking our women to remove the hijab , " the man continues . A French law banning the burqa , a full-body covering that includes a mesh over the face , and the niqab , a full-face veil with an opening for the eyes , went into effect in April 2011 . Argument with hostages about taxes The man purported to be Coulibaly , 32 , apparently argued with hostages about taxes , RTL 's recording shows . "  You pay taxes , so that means you agree " with France 's actions in Mali and the Middle East , the apparent gunman says in the recording . "  But we have to pay , " another voice says . The response from the apparent gunman appeared incredulous : "  What ? We do n't have to . I do n't pay my taxes ! " "  When I pay my taxes , it 's for the highways , schools , " an apparent hostage says . "  We pay our taxes but we do n't harm anybody , " a person also says . The man purported to be Coulibaly says : "  Everyone could get together . If they could get together for Charlie Hebdo ... they could do the same thing for us and get together for us . " CNN could not independently verify that the speaker was Coulibaly . Separately , Alexi Delahousee , a journalist with CNN affiliate BFMTV , spoke to Coulibaly on the phone during the hostage situation , BFMTV reported . Coulibaly said that he belonged to ISIS and had synchronized his attacks with the Kouachi brothers . Paris police say that Coulibaly is suspected in Thursday 's fatal shooting of a police officer in the Montrouge suburb , a day after the Charlie Hebdo massacre of 12 people and a day before the Friday market raid . Israeli government sources told CNN that French President François Hollande had told Netanyahu that 15 hostages were rescued . Police are searching for Coulibaly 's romantic partner , Hayat Boumeddiene , 26 . Disant initially said she was a suspect in the market raid and may have escaped , and police also named her as a suspect in Thursday 's shooting of the police officer in Montrouge . But it was n't clear if she was in France . She entered Turkey on January 2 , a Turkish prime ministry source told CNN on Saturday . If that is accurate , it could mean Boumeddiene was not in France at the time of this week 's attacks . CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Margot Haddad contributed to this report .	French radio station RTL says line remained open after hostage-taker spoke via phone on Friday If France "  did n't attack other countries , I would n't be here , " man believed to be gunman tells hostages Israeli PM says survivor told him that one of the hostages had tried to take terrorist 's weapon
London  CNN  -- Wearing a pink dress and red cardigan , her long hair in pigtails , 5-year-old Thusha Kamaleswaran skips and twirls in the aisle of her uncle 's small London store . These are the last dance steps she will take . Surveillance video from the store , used in the conviction of three men Monday , shows Thusha swept up by panicked people and moments later lying on the shop floor , unable to get up . She was knocked down by a bullet to the chest fired through the store 's open door by three men as they pursued members of a rival gang . The gunshot has left Thusha , now 6 , paralyzed and still under hospital care a year later . The little girl 's heart stopped twice in the night after she was shot , and she was only saved by emergency surgery in the store and later at a hospital , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Her pretty face smiles shyly from the covers of several national newspapers Tuesday , her story one that has touched the nation . "  Gunned down as she danced " and "  Senseless " read headlines in The Sun and the Daily Mirror . Thusha is not the only innocent bystander to bear the scars of what police say was crossfire from a south London gang feud . Fragments of bullet remain inside 35-year-old Roshan Selvakumar 's head after he was hit in the face as he shopped for groceries . The fragments can not safely be removed , police say . The three men convicted , Anthony McCalla , Kazeem Kolawole and Nathaniel Grant , were tracked down after detectives viewed more than 700 hours of closed-circuit footage seized from more than 150 cameras , the police said . One grainy video clip shows McCalla mimicking a ride-by shooting as he cycles down a street minutes before the attack . Another reveals Kolawole dumping the gray top he wore on the night of the shooting in a trash can . All three were found guilty Monday on charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent and attempted murder in the shooting in March 2011 . They are due to be sentenced at the Old Bailey court in London on April 19 . Thusha 's parents , who agreed that the heartbreaking footage of their daughter 's final moments of carefree dance should be released for the first time Monday , paid tribute to the emergency workers who saved her life . "  We are very happy justice has been done , " they said . Detective Superintendent Gordon Allison said both Thusha -- whom he described as just "  a baby " -- and Selvakumar were "  innocent victims caught up in McCalla , Grant and Kolawole 's intent on committing violence that night . " All three had chosen to take part in gang crime , he said , adding : "  The shooting caused widespread shock and disbelief but they have never shown any remorse for their actions . " At the start of this year , changes were made to the way the Metropolitan Police tackles gang crime , he said , and there have been 500 arrests since February . The issue of gang violence gained national prominence when London and other cities were shaken by several days of rioting last summer . In London , 19 % of those arrested were reported to be affiliated with a gang , according to a Home Office study published in October . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	5-year-old girl was left permanently paralyzed by the shooting She was playing in her uncle 's shop when gang members fired through the door , police say The men have been convicted in London of charges including attempted murder A man in the store was also hit and still has bullet fragments in his head , police say
When President Barack Obama decided to take questions directly over social media he did n't turn to his 28 million Facebook fans , or his 19 million Twitter followers . Instead , he turned to a website called Reddit where popularity is measured , fittingly , in votes . "  Hi I 'm Barack Obama , President of the United States , " Obama posted on the site by way of introduction . User Druken_Economist posted "  moderators and admins have confirmed this thread ; this is actually President Obama . " Several other verification items also confirmed it , including a tweet from the official Barack Obama Twitter account and a photo on Reddit of the president seated at a plain wooden desk , staring into an Apple laptop in front of a single lamp . In roughly 30 minutes , Obama waded through hundreds of questions , answering only 10 on a wide range of topics including balancing life and family , and protecting Internet freedom . His unexpected online appearance caused a traffic surge that temporarily locked users out of the Reddit site , said general manager Erik Martin in a G-chat interview with The Verge . At one point , more than 30,000 users were on the page with more than 200,000 concurrent visitors , Reddit posted on Twitter . Martin said it was its highest traffic day ever . High profile people have been interviewed before , including Larry King , Jimmy Kimmel , Ron Paul and Stephen Colbert . The two most popular Ask Me Anythings before Wednesday were astrophysicist Neil Degrasse Tyson and "  Jeopardy! " champion Ken Jennings . Redditors , as they are known in the online community , seemed mostly welcoming . "  9 minutes and already 200 + comments , " wrote user KoreanTerran . "  Good luck , Obama . You 're going to need it . " User DirectCharge posted "  ONE OF US . ONE OF US . " Others wondered how he came to the decision to participate in an Ask Me Anything or AMA . Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian told AllThingsD in an e-mail that it was n't complicated . "  There are quite a few redditors at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave and at the campaign HQ â $ " given the prominence of reddit , it 's an easy sell . " Read the exact transcript of the Reddit AMA here User mimicthefrench posted how funny it is to imagine "  President Obama sitting in the oval office giggling and looking at photos of cats . " Redditors post lots of photos of cats . And dogs . And people doing silly things . But they also discuss serious topics and wasted no time getting on the record with tough questions including "  Why are we still in Afghanistan ? " and "  What are you going to do to end the corrupting influence of money in politics during your second term ? " And while they may have allowed the president to get away with not answering a few hundred questions , they did not allow him to get away with incorrect grammar -- he used "  their " instead of "  there " in one post . CoCo26 responded to the error with , "  I just corrected the President of the United States ' grammar . " Then later she posted , "  EDIT : I 'm ashamed of myself . I failed you all trying to be a smart ass ... " When another user tried to correct the president 's use of "  a " instead of "  an " before the word asteroid , he received this reply from user Whoa_Chill_Bro : "  do n't correct the President , neckbeard . " In his last update , Obama thanked everyone for participating while also urging them to vote in November . "  By the way , if you want to know what I think about this whole Reddit experience , " he concluded , " - NOT BAD ! " a possible referencing the popular visual meme by the same name that features a drawing of the president .	Obama took questions Wednesday over social media site Reddit In roughly 30 minutes , Obama waded through hundreds of questions He answered 10 questions on topics including work/life balance and Internet
Three Secret Service agents were sent home after one of them was found passed out after a night of drinking in Amsterdam , an official familiar with the incident told CNN . The agents were in the Netherlands as part of a contingent preparing for President Barack Obama 's visit there this week . According to the official , one Secret Service agent was found intoxicated and passed out in the hallway of his hotel . Hotel staff subsequently alerted U.S. authorities . This agent and two other agents -- who were his companions on a night out drinking in the Dutch capital -- were disciplined by being sent home Sunday for not exercising better judgment . Confirming that three agents went home for disciplinary reasons , Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan added an investigation is underway . The story was first reported by The Washington Post . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday that Obama had been briefed on the incident . "  Generally , the President believes , as he has said in the past , that everybody representing the United States of America overseas needs to hold himself or herself to the highest standards and he supports  Secret Service Director Julia Pierson 's  zero-tolerance approach on these matters , " Carney said . The agents are blamed for not doing more to prevent another embarrassment for the 150-year-old agency , whose mission includes investigating crimes such as counterfeiting and credit card fraud in addition to protecting top U.S. figures , including presidents . One of the biggest , most recent black eyes came nearly two years ago and also involved an advance team ahead of an Obama visit to Colombia for the Summit of the Americas . In that case , Secret Service agents hit the clubs of Cartagena for a night of drinking that ended with bringing prostitutes back to their hotel . The agency immediately pulled 11 agents allegedly involved in the scandal from Obama 's security detail , put them on administrative leave and removed their security clearances . In addition , 12 military personnel also were cited for their role . Several government reports later examined the incident , looking into not just what happened but how the Secret Service handled the matter . The agency has instituted tougher disciplinary rules in the wake of the Cartagena scandal . 2 Secret Service supervisors under investigation in misconduct probe Report : No problem with Secret Service response to Colombia scandal Reports include allegations of misconduct Secret Service , hire more women	3 Secret Service agents are disciplined over an incident in the Dutch capital of Amsterdam They had been sent there to prepare for President Barack Obama 's upcoming visit Official : One of them was found drunk in a hotel hallway The incident comes two years after a Secret Service prostitution scandal in Colombia
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Friday announced new government investments in 66 projects to expand broadband connections in rural and poor areas across the country . The $ 795 million in grants and loans funded by the 2009 economic stimulus act will create 5,000 construction and installation jobs , and generate $ 200 million in associated private investment , according to information provided by the White House . "  We 're moving forward " in the creation of a twenty-first century economy , Obama said . "  Studies have shown " that such an investment can eventually "  lead to hundreds of thousands of new jobs . " It will also accelerate the country 's switch to a "  smarter , stronger , more secure electrical grid . " Over 685,000 businesses , 900 health care facilities and 2,400 schools in all 50 states will benefit from the investment , according to a White House document . The money will bring broadband services to communities that "  currently have little or no access , to help them better compete and do business in the global marketplace , " the document said . "  With new or increased broadband access , communities can compete on a level playing field to attract new businesses , schools can create distance learning opportunities , medical professionals can provide cost-efficient remote diagnoses and care , and business owners can expand the market for their products beyond their neighborhoods to better compete in the global economy , " the document noted . In addition , the federal money also will fund public computing centers in libraries , community colleges and other public venues , according to the document .	NEW : Obama announces investments in 66 broadband projects $ 795 million in grants and loans funded by 2009 economic stimulus act Money will bring broadband services to rural , poor communities Federal money will also fund public computing centers
Tikrit , Iraq  CNN  Two men in blue smocks were mopping up blood spilled in the main entrance to the Dijla Hospital south of Tikrit when we arrived there mid-morning Friday . The air shook with outgoing rockets and artillery roaring toward the center of the city . We were escorted by men from the Badr Brigade , the biggest and best-organized Iranian-backed force fighting ISIS . As we got out of our car , a man wearing a vest with the emblem of the Iraqi Red Crescent beckoned urgently to video journalist Mary Rogers to come inside . He led her to a gurney surrounded by four or five men , some wearing blue disposable surgical gowns , others in dark green military fatigues . They were huddled over a man naked to the waist , a thick plastic tube inserted in his side , red with blood , leading to a bottle filling up with more blood . The wounded man -- no one knew his name -- had been shot in the head , the chest and the leg . He was motionless . The head doctor , in dark green combat fatigues , told me the man was in critical condition . All the while , the windows of the building shook from the concussion of the bombardment of central Tikrit . From the sound , it was clear that artillery and rocket launchers were nearby . Several other wounded fighters were in the entrance , but their condition was much less grave . One , who identified himself as Sadiq , had been shot in the upper thigh , but was fully conscious . He told producer Kareem Khadder he had been shot in central Tikrit that morning , recalling at the time he was uncertain whether it was shrapnel or a bullet because the fighting was so intense . While Mary and Kareem were doing that interview , I walked around the hospital to see if there was anything else that might help us put together a report . It was a ramshackle place , it looked like much of the facility had been in a state of neglect for a while , perhaps because until recently it was in no-man 's land . When I went back to see where Mary and Kareem were , I was told Mary was down a corridor where an "  operation " was about to take place . Mary was invited to film the operation . I found her putting on a surgical gown and blue shoe covers . Several men rolled a gurney through the corridor in our direction . The same critically wounded man was wheeled into a side room . He never made it into the operating theater . A different set of doctors or medics started working on him , pumping air into his lungs , then applying CPR . His chest took a final heave , as the doctors tried to find a pulse , but there was no pulse to find . There was no "  operation . " This was a last , desperate attempt to stop this unknown man from dying . His face was yellow and waxy . He was dead , but the doctors did n't call time of death , In the meantime , our escorts were calling us to leave , we needed to move to our next destination , which they had told us was the position from which artillery and rocket launchers were at work . Mary , who was at the far end of the gurney , wedged her way out and we went outside . She went to the car , I chatted with a pair of Iraqi journalists in the entrance . They had been here for more than two weeks . I bade them farewell , and walked toward our car . And then , everything changed . I heard a commotion behind me , and the doctor I had spoken to before passed me , shouting , "  Grab all the cameras ! Get the cameras ! " "  What 's the problem ? " I asked him . He did n't provide an explanation . "  Give us your cameras now ! " he barked at me . A group of militiamen had surrounded Kareem , and was insisting he give them his small camera . More militiamen , plus some of the hospital staff gathered around him , shouting angrily that all cameras must be surrendered . Right next to me a tall man with a military shirt over running pants raised his rifle , about to shoot in the air . This is going to get very messy , I thought to myself . Fortunately , cooler heads prevailed and there was no shooting . But everyone was very agitated . Much shouting ensued between our entourage and the local militiamen . Our chief escort , Ma'in Al-Kadhimi , was gesturing wildly and arguing with them to calm down , but he was n't having much luck . He is a commander of the Badr Organisation , but these men were with the Soldiers of the Imam Brigade  Kataib Jund Al-Imam in Arabic  . It 's a separate group , and clearly Al-Kadhimi , who was treated with deference by his own men , did n't enjoy the same esteem here . In the meantime , I joined Mary in our car , concerned that too many of us arguing with this large group would only make matters worse . Kareem was busy negotiating outside the hospital . We locked the car doors and did our best to pretend we were simply waiting patiently to move . Soon a group of men armed with AK-47 assault rifles gathered outside the car , knocking on the window and angrily gesturing that we must give them the camera . Mary discreetly pulled out the data card with the footage she had just shot and replaced it with an empty one . It 's an old trick that sometimes works in situations like these . Although I could understand everything this crowd was saying , I feigned ignorance . This went on for about 45 minutes . Some in our entourage were trying to keep the crowd from banging on the car windows and wrenching open the locked doors . Kareem hid his small camera in one of the cars and saw the big camera being taken away by several people . Kareem followed the camera to make sure it was safe . Inside , everyone was shouting , with Kareem refusing to do anything before someone explained what was going on . The armed men wanted the sequence of the dying fighter deleted , and were n't going to take "  no " for an answer . Kareem then went inside one of the rooms to carry on negotiations . Armed men barred Kareem from leaving the room . Eventually , Kareem said we should delete the sequence of the dying man , after our Iraqi security guard had said we needed to do just that -- otherwise , we were in trouble . Kareem looked at the camera and noticed the card was missing . A media-savvy member of the Soldiers of the Imam Brigade insisted we were hiding the card with the footage . Finally Kareem returned and said that if we did n't hand over the camera there would be trouble . The atmosphere was such that we realized that not handing over the camera would make matters much worse . So we gave Kareem the camera and waited . A few minutes later , he returned . They know the data card is empty . They want the one with the pictures , he said . So we gave it to him . Soon Kareem was back . "  They do n't know how to delete the pictures of the dying man , " he said . So Mary went with him inside the hospital to delete the footage of the dying man . To cut a long , tense story short , Mary did n't delete the footage . Someone else did , all the footage from the hospital . After about an hour and a half , we finally left the hospital compound . Our escort , Al-Kadhimi , was shaken . He , and we , were reminded that with all the different armed groups fighting on the Tikrit front , there might be unity against ISIS , but that 's about where it ends .	A CNN crew finds medical personnel trying to save a wounded fighter in Tikrit But when the man dies , demands start for the crew 's video footage
CNN  Deadly flames licked all around her , but a heroic dog in a suburban Cincinnati basement refused to leave her owner . Now that dog , a 9-year-old boxer named Carmen , has a team of vets fighting around the clock to save her life . Carmen was injured Thursday when a fire broke out in the basement of the home where she lived with her owner , Ben Ledford , in Goshen Township , Ohio . First responders on the scene found Carmen , a 9-year-old boxer , on top of Ledford , trying to shelter his face from the heat , smoke and flame , according to CNN affiliate WCPO . Ledford , 33 , was taken to a hospital where he later died . Carmen ended up at Cincinnati 's Care Center , a critical care veterinary hospital , where the vets there have placed her on a ventilator . "  She 's doing OK . Considering what Carmen has been through we think she 's doing as well as can be expected , " Dr. Daniel Carey , a vet at the hospital , told WCPO . Carey said Carmen is battling severe lung damage and is not strong enough to breathe on her own yet . The doctors had hoped to get her off the ventilator by now , but as of Sunday night , it just was n't happening . "  It 's not unexpected that she 's not ready to come off  the ventilator  . It 's just that in our best case scenario  we thought  maybe we could 've hoped to get her off  Sunday  afternoon , " Carey told WCPO . "  Whenever they put a patient on a ventilator they 're looking at a 50-50 chance of getting them off breathing on their own . The smoke ventilation cases are often the hardest to manage off the ventilator . " Despite her breathing problems , Carmen has shown improvement in other areas . She is mentally alert and showing no signs of neurological problems , the vet said . "  She 's resting . She 's very heavily sedated so that she wo n't fight -- you know , that she 's got a tube down her trachea or windpipe . She seems very comfortable . " Ledford 's family and friends , while mourning the loss of his life , are still doing what they can to help Carmen save hers . They 've turned to crowdsourcing website CrowdRise to raise funds to help pay Carmen 's hospital bills . On the site , they thanked the doctors and expressed gratitude at the "  generosity being offered to help Carmen . " The hospital is also providing updates on Carmen through social media , using Facebook to post pictures of the dog resting on a pink blanket and keeping company with a pair of stuffed animals . Dr. Marlo Anderson , another vet at the hospital who is caring for the dog , told WCPO she was not at all surprised that Carmen tried to save her owner . "  A lot of dogs instinctively know when there 's a crisis going on and so a lot of them do go to try to protect their owners , so she very well may have been trying to protect him , " she said .	Carmen , a 9-year-old boxer , tried to save her owner last week during a house fire Her owner died , and Carmen is now fighting for her life at a critical care hospital
Jerusalem  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama wraps up his trip to the Middle East on Saturday with a walking tour of the ancient city of Petra in Jordan . The city 's breathtaking architecture features buildings partly carved into stone cliffs and combines eastern culture with ancient Greek constructions . It is a UNESCO world heritage site . Shortly after a stroll through arid the landscape renowned for its colorful interplay of light and shadow , the president will return to Washington , DC . A last minute success Just before departing for Jordan on Friday , Obama scored a diplomatic coup when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologized to Turkey for a 2010 commando raid that killed nine activists on a Turkish vessel in a Gaza-bound flotilla . The apology , long sought by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan , eased strained feelings between Turkey and Israel , two vital U.S. allies in the Middle East . It happened in a phone call to Erdogan during a final meeting between Obama and Netanyahu at an international airport in Tel Aviv , minutes before Air Force One departed for Jordan to complete the president 's Middle East swing . Obama hailed the development as an important step forward for both countries . Jordan 's refugee influx Friday in Jordan , Obama focused on the civil war in neighboring Syria , with King Abdullah telling reporters that the conflict has caused 460,000 refugees to flood his country and more were on the way . That equals 10 % of Jordan 's population , and the total could double by the end of the year , the king said in asking for more help from the international community as his country also deals with internal reforms in response to economic woes that are raising public dissatisfaction . Obama said he was working with Congress to provide an additional $ 200 million to Jordan this year to help deal with the refugee influx , but he remained steadfast in his refusal to pledge U.S. military assistance to the Syrian opposition movement . Refugees flood Jordan town However , Obama repeated past warnings that his stance on military involvement could change if the Syria uses chemical weapons . Jordan is suffering from refugee fatigue . Masses of people have fled there for from neighboring countries whenever conflict was rife . The Syrian conflict comes on top of the flood of refugees that came from Iraq just a decade ago . The country is a close U.S. ally and has been one of the most stable in the region , but it has seen recent internal turmoil and discontent . King Abdullah has a reputation for benevolence , unlike autocratic rulers such as Syria 's Bashar al-Assad or deposed Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein . One house of the Jordanian parliament is democratically elected . However , a bad economy and allegations of corruption by public officials have stoked dissatisfaction with him . In November , crowds took to the streets calling for King Abdullah 's downfall because of rising gasoline prices . More recently , comments attributed to King Abdullah in the The Atlantic caused further anger toward the king , who was quoted as calling the opposition Muslim Brotherhood a "  Masonic cult " and referring to tribal elders in his country as "  old dinosaurs . " The royal court says some of King Abdullah 's comments in the Atlantic Magazine article were taken out of context by local Jordanian and international media outlets who reported on the article . Courting Israel In Israel , the last-minute diplomacy added a flourish to Obama 's first visit to the Jewish state as president . While the two nations have a key strategic partnership , with the United States supplying military aid and diplomatic support as Israel 's most vital ally , Obama and Netanyahu had famously frosty relations during the president 's first term . With both beginning new terms after Obama 's re-election last year and Netanyahu 's recent formation of a new government , the president 's visit was an opportunity to reset the relationship and signal unified positions on major issues such as the Middle East peace process and Iran 's efforts to develop a nuclear weapon . Obama and Netanyahu met several times during the president 's three days in Israel , which also included a state dinner where Israeli President Shimon Peres awarded him the country 's highest civilian honor . Before leaving Israel , Obama paid tribute to the father of modern Zionism in a symbolic visit to Theodor Herzl 's grave . Joined by Peres , Netanyahu and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , Obama also visited the grave of former Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin , who was assassinated in 1995 . Obama placed a stone at each grave from the grounds of the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial in Washington in a gesture to link the African-American struggle for freedom with the struggle by the Israeli people for a homeland . The president also visited the Holocaust memorial Yad Vashem , where he turned up the "  eternal flame " of remembrance of the millions of Jewish victims of Nazi death camps in World War II . Fairness for the Palestinians In Israel , Obama urged young Israelis in a speech to pressure their leaders to seek peace with Palestinians . He asked Israelis to empathize with the plight of Palestinians , and he drew applause when he criticized the Israeli government 's controversial policy of building new settlements in disputed territories . Walking through Ramallah and Gaza , political differences become real During a visit with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah , the West Bank , Obama stressed the need for direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians for a two-state solution . "  The Palestinian people deserve an end to occupation and the daily indignities that come with it , " he said at a news conference with Abbas , adding that Palestinians deserve "  a future of hope " and a "  state of their own . " Abbas said the Israeli settlements are "  more than a hurdle to peace , " calling them illegal and saying it was Israel 's duty to stop building them . He envisioned a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders with Jerusalem as capital -- a scenario unacceptable to Israel . CNN 's John King and Jessica Yellin reported from Israel , and CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report from Washington .	Obama takes a cultural tour of an ancient city before returning to Washington In a last-minute move , Netanyahu calls Turkey to make an apology -- on Obama 's initiative Jordan has 460,000 Syrian refugees with more coming , King Abdullah says
CNN  -- Lessons learned from previous successful airliner ditchings helped pilot C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger save 155 lives when he put his US Airways A320 jetliner down in the Hudson River , a fellow pilot told CNN . An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 is seen just before it crashes into the sea off the Comoro Islands in 1996 . Twenty-three people died when an Overseas National Airways DC-9 ditched off the Caribbean island of St. Croix in 1970 , and 123 were killed in the crash of an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 off the Comoro Islands near Africa in 1996 . But Emilio Corsetti , an Airbus 320 pilot and aviation author , said those ditchings were actually successful "  because people were able to get out " -- 40 in the 1970 crash and 52 in the 1996 incident . More may have survived if those planes were equipped like the Airbus 320 and if passengers followed standard evacuation procedures , Corsetti told CNN . Watch how to survive a plane crash " In fact , Corsetti said , the 1970 crash helped lead to a redesign of seat belts . The belts aboard the DC-9 were "  metal-to-fabric , " Corsetti said , depending upon tension to keep passengers strapped in their seats . "  Those things gave out ... People were thrown out of their seats 10 rows up , " said Corsetti , who has written a book , "  35 Miles from Shore , " about the 1970 crash . On the Hudson River on Thursday , the impact was like "  being inside a car that crashes , " passenger Alberto Panero said . Corsetti also said that the DC-9 did n't have life raft capacity for all those aboard . Unlike the A320 's escape slides , which helped dozens of passengers get out , the DC-9s rafts could hold only three or four . In the 1996 crash , the Ethiopian Airlines 767 was attempting a water landing off the Grand Comoro Island during a hijacking . The plane had run out of fuel . While it is uncertain whether there was a struggle in the cockpit , video shows the 767 nearing the ocean 's surface . As it does , the plane 's left engine hits a reef , Corsetti said , sending it into a cartwheel . He said the majority of the 123 who died drowned . They had put on life vests and inflated them before they could get out of the splintered fuselage , he said , and were trapped against the bulkheads as water filled the wreckage . Sullenberger had other advantages , too , Corsetti said . Putting the jetliner down into the placid Hudson River probably helped him keep the plane level . The DC-9 pilot faced 8 - to 15-foot seas in the 1970 ditching and the Ethiopian jet was dealing with offshore waves . Watch a pilot describe how plane went down " The A320 also is equipped with a ditching button , Corsetti said , which closes all valves below the waterline , enabling it to float more easily . No matter the lessons learned from the earlier crashes , US Airways passengers were happy Sullenberger was in the cockpit Thursday . "  He 's the man ! He 's absolutely the man ! " passenger Vince Spera said . "  If you want to talk to a hero , get a hold of him because that is the hero in this whole deal . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Lessons from 1970 DC-9 ditching into Caribbean , 1996 crash off Comoro Islands DC-9 seat belt failure lead to new design ; jet did n't have enough life rafts Passengers in 1996 crash inflated vests before getting out , were trapped A320s have a "  ditching button " to close valves , allowing jet to float longer
CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi called Thursday for the U.N. Security Council to carry out an independent fact-gathering mission on Monday 's NATO attack in the city of Surman , which resulted in civilian casualties . "  The Security Council should hold an urgent meeting to discuss the matter and stop this barbaric attack , " he said in a nationally televised address . In the attack , five houses were hit in Surman , which is west of Tripoli , and 15 people died , including three children , according to a government spokesman . NATO has said the target was a command-and-control communications node involved in coordinating attacks on the Libyan people . "  While NATO can not confirm reports of casualties , we would regret any loss of civilian life and we go to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties , " the organization said on its website . "  This is in stark contrast to the Gadhafi regime , which continues its policy of systematic and sustained violence against the people of Libya . " But Gadhafi angrily rejected the claim that the compound was anything but a residential area . "  This is not a military factory , munition factory or military port or a fortified castle , " he said as video lingered over rubble . "  It has no military identity . " "  This is the jungle rule , " he continued . "  The infidels rule . You do n't have any conscience . " He blamed the members of the Security Council who approved the resolution in March that authorized the use of military force to protect unarmed anti-government Libyan demonstrators . "  You will be responsible for any outcome , " he threatened , "  And you will regret it . " Gadhafi singled out U.S. President Barack Obama for blame . "  Originally , you 're from Africa and originally Arab as well , " he said . "  You sold out to America . Where will you go ? On Judgment Day , you will be in hell . Our dead will be in heaven , and your dead will be in hell . You ought to feel ashamed . " Gadhafi then directed his vitriol toward the "  so-called heroic pilots " who flew the NATO planes involved in the attack . "  You know we do n't have any air defenses or military planes , " the Libyan leader said , referring to the no-fly zone that NATO has imposed over Libya . "  You have long-range rockets and you have been flying over the Libyan air territory without any deterrent . " He said NATO 's true motivation was inspired by hatred . "  You hate us because we are Muslims , " Gadhafi said . "  You hate Libya and people who bear witness to Allah and Mohammed . You bomb them . " Gadhafi 's late-night diatribe came hours after China embraced the Libyan opposition as "  an important dialogue partner " and urged an end to the fighting and a political solution to the crisis , state media said . "  China is not seeking any private interest concerning Libya , and believes the Libyan situation is essentially an internal issue , " said Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi after meeting with Mahmoud Jibril , chairman of the executive board of Libya 's National Transitional Council . Jibril 's was the first visit by a Libyan opposition leader . He arrived in China on Tuesday , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . For the sake of the Libyan people , Yang called on the two sides to "  truly give peace a chance . " Also Wednesday , Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini urged an end to the fighting in Libya to allow for humanitarian aid to flow to the war-devastated North African nation . Speaking in Parliament , Frattini said Italy backs a cessation to hostilities to negotiate a way for a humanitarian corridor . Frattini 's comments came after he had been critical of reported civilian casualties in NATO airstrikes and said they threatened the credibility of the alliance . At a weekend summit in Cairo , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Libya was facing shortages of food , fuel and medical personnel and access to water services was dwindling . "  The U.N. 's humanitarian efforts are taking place under extremely difficult circumstances , " he said . The Libyan war erupted from anti-government protests in February . Following a U.N. mandate to protect civilians , NATO began bombing military targets in March . However , Gadhafi still maintains control in Tripoli and other cities . Meanwhile , pressure has mounted from U.S. lawmakers to withdraw backing for the mission . "  The fact is the president has not made his case to the members of Congress , he has not made his case to the American people , " House Speaker John Boehner said Wednesday . "  We 've been in this conflict for 90 days and the president has n't talked to the American people for four or five weeks about why we 're there , what our national interest is , and why we should continue , " Boehner said . The day before , Senators John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and John McCain , R-Arizona , introduced a resolution to counter some of the criticism about the U.S. role in Libya . That resolution authorizes the commitment of U.S. forces for one year while stressing the lack of support for any use of American ground troops .	NEW : "  Stop this barbaric attack , " Gadhafi pleads A Libyan opposition leader is in China for talks The United Nations has described dire needs in war-torn Libya Some U.S. lawmakers want America to withdraw from the NATO mission
CNN  A special team of hotshot Corvette restorers has dealt a blow against an evil sinkhole that desecrated the National Corvette Museum in Bowling Green , Kentucky . This week General Motors and Chevrolet unveiled the 2009 ZR1 Blue Devil -- the first of three damaged cars that will be restored from a disaster that stunned Corvette fans around the world . Remember ? Back in February , a freakish sinkhole appeared inside the museum , swallowing eight beautiful machines with an estimated value at about $ 1 million , the museum said . When the cars were hauled out of the hole , only three were deemed unscathed enough for restoration . Hey , this is a big deal . Experts call the Corvette the most collected car in America . GM says it 's the "  world 's longest-running , continuously produced passenger car . " The Blue Devil is no ordinary Corvette . Even though it 's only 5 years old , it 's been dubbed a "  supercar " and "  legendary " with a top speed of more than 200 mph . The sleek demon went on display for the first time on Monday during a ceremony at the big Specialty Equipment Marketing Association show in Las Vegas . It 's not often car restorers get a chance to rescue a vehicle this special . This job was handled by a 10-member team with a less-than-sexy handle : GLS -- Global Logistics Services . "  We need to come up with a better name -- like the Corvette Restoration SWAT Team ! " laughed GM spokesman Monte Doran . It may feel like a big win for the Corvette Nation against the forces of nature -- but now may be a bit too soon to crow about it . "  That car really had very little damage done to it , compared to all the other cars in the sinkhole . It was a relatively easy restoration , " Doran said . That news will please CNN commenters who joked that the damage to the cars could be "  buffed out " -- as easily as paint scratches . The biggest challenge , he acknowledged , will be the 1 Millionth Corvette , the 1992 convertible which was the millionth ` Vette to come off the assembly line . Fixing a hole But what about that hole ? This coming Monday , work is set to begin to fill the 30-foot-deep sinkhole which ruined the museum 's bright yellow , red-spired Skydome . Estimated cost of the eight-month project : $ 3.2 million . "  They 'll be bringing in equipment and moving cars out of the room , before they start work on the sinkhole , " said museum spokeswoman Katie Frassinelli . The museum had initially considered leaving the hole unfilled as a permanent display -- perhaps because the disaster has been good for business . In the months since the earth opened up and snatched these precious cars from our midst , visitors to the museum have increased by 71 % over the same period last year , she said . Folks have been able to see the hole safely through a glass window . Also on display , are five cars that were pulled from the hole -- but were too wrecked to be restored : -- A 1984 PPG pace car -- A 1993 ruby red "  40th Anniversary Corvette " -- A 2001 Mallett Hammer Z06 Corvette -- The 2009 white "  1.5 Millionth Corvette " -- A 1993 ZR-1 Spyder But visitors said they wanted more . So the museum has started selling jars full of dirt from the sinkhole for $ 10 a pop . "  They asked for it , " Frassinelli said . "  The dirt has little bits of fiberglass in it from the cars . " The road ahead for the remaining two salvageable cars is a bumpy one . A 1962 beauty dubbed the "  Black Corvette " is just too old for GM to handle . The company says it no longer has the institutional knowledge required to properly put it back in shape . That job is expected to be done by a hand-picked restoration specialist team , Frassinelli said . "  We have n't identified who 's fixing it yet . " GM has accepted the challenge of restoring the worst-damaged of the salvageable cars : the 1 Millionth Corvette . It "  has much , much more damage than the Blue Devil , " Doran said . It 's "  going to be a much harder , much longer process . Simply because the car is older so it 's hard to get replacement parts . We do n't have all the expertise in house that we do with current Corvettes like the Blue Devil . " One of the biggest decisions is how many of the parts on the car should be replaced . "  One of the guys in design calls it a ` respectful restoration , ' " Doran said . "  You want to keep as much of the original components as you possibly can to preserve the history of the car . " Restoration on the 1 Millionth Corvette is set to begin in January , Doran said , and the job is expected to take about six months . Chevrolet 's total contribution to the museum : $ 250,000 . An agreement with GM allows the museum to keep the insurance money for the Blue Devil and Spyder -- which are both owned by GM -- in addition to paying to fix the Blue Devil , the 1962 Black Corvette and the 1992 1 Millionth , Frassinelli said . Meanwhile , the Blue Devil will be back home soon . Packed with loving care in a special enclosed truck by special handlers , Doran said it is expected to head to the museum around Saturday . When it gets there , workers will roll it back into the holy church of the Corvette Nation , where for generations to come , visitors will talk about how it survived the Great Corvette Sinkhole of 2014 .	GM unveils first restored Corvette from National Corvette Museum sinkhole disaster A 2009 Blue Devil ZR1 was shown publicly Monday in Las Vegas It 's the first of three Corvettes slated to be restored ; five other Corvettes were too damaged A $ 3.2 million project to fix the giant sinkhole at the museum begins Monday
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has denied allegations that she failed to heed warnings of possible corruption in a rice subsidy program whose recent problems have stoked anger among farmers in the country 's rural heartland . The controversy over the rice program has deepened the political crisis in which Thailand has been mired for months . Thailand 's National Anti-Corruption Commission  NACC  said Tuesday that it was bringing charges against Yingluck over the program , which pledged to pay farmers well above the market rate for their rice but has run into financial problems . The commission has summoned Yingluck , whose government is already under pressure from months-long protests in Bangkok , to appear February 27 to be notified of the charges . "  I wish to assure you that as I have served my duty with righteousness and contrary to the charges brought against me by the NACC , I have done nothing wrong , " Yingluck said in a statement Thursday . The anti-corruption commission 's charges , which accuse Yingluck of ignoring warnings of corruption in the program , could eventually lead to the suspension of the Prime Minister from all political positions . "  Though I may be charged in this criminal case and may have to give up my position in accordance to the wishes of those who want to topple my government , I will still lend my full cooperation and give necessary information to the NACC , " she said . Yingluck insists that the rice subsidy program , introduced in 2011 , has been successful and benefited farmers . But critics says it has wasted large amounts of public funds trying to please rural voters , hurting exports and leaving the government with large stockpiles of rice it ca n't sell without losing money . The program has encountered intensified difficulties after an election earlier this month was disrupted by anti-government demonstrators and failed to deliver a conclusive result . The situation has left Yingluck 's weakened caretaker government struggling to operate effectively and ensure payments are made to rice farmers . Angry farmers Problems with the subsidy program have angered many farmers , normally an important component of Yingluck 's support base . Groups of farmers have held protests in recent weeks after not being paid for their rice . About 3,000 farmers from central Thailand spent Thursday night camped out on the outskirts Bangkok after traveling on tractors , trailers and quad bikes . They had threatened to take their protest to the city 's main airport , Suvarnabhumi , if they did n't get paid what they 're owed . But the leader of the group of farmers , Chada Thaiseth , said Friday that they would be heading home later in the day after the government informed them they would be paid early next week . The farmers said their planned protest was n't political -- unlike the anti-government demonstrators in central Bangkok , they say they do n't want to see the ouster of Yingluck . But they do want their money . Long-running protests The tensions over the rice program come against the backdrop of the protests by groups affiliated with Yingluck 's political opponents . Those demonstrations , calling for Yingluck to step down , have been taking place in central Bangkok since November and have been plagued by outbreaks of deadly violence . Earlier this week , police tried to clear demonstrators out some protest sites . But the efforts resulted in violent clashes that left five people dead , including one police officer , and dozens wounded . Police have since suspended their attempts to seize the protest sites for the time being . And a court ruled Wednesday that the government ca n't use force and weapons against peaceful unarmed protesters . The protest leaders say they want to rid the country of Yingluck and her wealthy brother , the deposed former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Thaksin , who lives in exile , faces a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated , if he returns to Thailand . Political opponents say Yingluck , who convincingly won elections in 2011 , is simply Thaksin 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . The protests were sparked in November by Yingluck 's government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for her brother 's return to the political fray in earnest . The protesters say they want Yingluck 's government replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " which would oversee electoral and political changes . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Saima Mohsin reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : Rice farmers call off a planned protest at Bangkok 's main airport "  I have done nothing wrong , " Yingluck Shinawatra says in a statement Thailand 's anti-corruption commission has called her to hear charges next week It says she ignored warnings of possible corruption in a rice subsidy program
CNN  -- For decades , pioneering environmentalist Stewart Brand , the founder and editor of the Whole Earth Catalog , opposed the use of nuclear power . Now he sees it as vital to efforts to combat climate change . Earlier this month , Brand made the case for nuclear power in a debate with Stanford University professor Mark Jacobson at the TED Conference in Long Beach , California .  TED is a nonprofit that took its name from the subjects of technology , information and design and is dedicated to "  Ideas worth spreading . " It publishes talks on all subjects at http://www.ted.com/ His outspoken support for nuclear power comes as the White House has been pushing for the first new nuclear plants in the United States in three decades . Last week , President Obama announced $ 8.3 billion in loan guarantees for adding two nuclear reactors at an existing plant in Burke County , Georgia , near Augusta . Mark Jacobson says nuclear power is too risky Brand says his turnabout began in 2002 , when the Global Business Network , a consulting organization he co-founded , did a project on climate change for the U.S. Secretary of Defense . In an interview with CNN.com , Brand said the project showed him that the globe 's climate can change abruptly : "  It goes over some tipping point and suddenly you 're in a situation that you do n't like and you ca n't go back . That got me way more concerned about climate as a clear and present danger than I had been . " Looking for a surefire way to cut greenhouse gases , Brand said the alternative to burning coal became clear : "  We already had a very good supplier of ... electricity . It worked like mad and was as clean as it could be -- and that was nuclear . "  Looking at nuclear more closely made me look at coal more closely and I got to realizing what a horror it was across the board , and as I learned more about nuclear , I started learning all this stuff that my fellow environmentalists had been careful not to let me know about . " Read about Bill Gates ' argument for nuclear power Brand spoke to CNN.com Wednesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : What did your fellow environmentalists get wrong about nuclear power ? Stewart Brand : Well , things like , nuclear radiation is a terrible thing that we must all fear at any scale , and nuclear waste a thing that we must be horrified about , with it lasting hundreds of thousands of years and how dare we burden future generations with that . I started looking at the basic scientific and engineering lore on both those subjects . ... They are interesting engineering problems that are mostly solved already . CNN : How have they been solved ? Brand : Anti-nuclear people have been saying , since Yucca Mountain -LSB- a proposed nuclear waste repository in Nevada -RSB- wo n't work or ca n't work , then you ca n't have nuclear . But then you think we do have nuclear , so nuclear waste must be coming out of these reactors ... so where 's it going ? It 's going right there on the site in these dry cask storage containers where it does n't seem to bother anybody . You can go out and look at them , stand next to them , no bad things happen . So it 's already de-demonized as you see it as not this huge intractable problem . It 's actually quite tractable and on a local level . And carting the stuff around is treated as such a terrible thing and "  My God , what if there 's an accident ? " And you look at the videos that were made at Sandia -LSB- National Laboratory -RSB- years ago where they ran a locomotive into one of the containers , and no bad thing happened , and then they burned it in jet fuel , and no bad thing happened , dropped it from a great height , no bad thing happened . You start to realize this is actually pretty well in hand . And the rest of the story on that is the next generation of reactors , the so-called fourth-generation reactors , most of them use what we now call nuclear waste as fuel . ... So a lot of the waste issue goes away when you realize that a very good thing to do is to just park it somewhere while we think about whether we do want to stick it in the ground or use it in these fourth generation reactors . One of the things I learned is that we 've already been burying nuclear waste in New Mexico at the waste isolation pilot plant for 10 years now . Works fine . It 's a salt formation 3,000 foot thick -- you go half a mile down and that salt formation has been there for 250 million years . It 's not going anywhere . ... It 's a perfectly good place to stash this stuff if you want to get rid of it . Environmentalists will say there 's no working nuclear repository anywhere in the world and you look and actually there 's one being built in Finland . CNN : What about the potential for a release of radiation ? Brand : The requirement is that no more than 15 millirems of radiation gets out to the public a year , and when a lady goes to get a mammogram she gets twice that . When you move from Connecticut to Colorado , the background radiation goes up five times that . And in medicine , we routinely use radioactive isotopes for a whole manner of diagnostic procedures , for x-rays and CT scans . ... Then you look at the medical studies , the epidemiology . People have been looking for human harm from radiation for a long time , ever since Hiroshima and Nagasaki . And it came as a surprise to me to learn , there were no birth defects in children born to exposed parents in Hiroshima and Nagasaki . When the U.N. went to study the Chernobyl area after the accident there , there were no birth defects turning up in the women who had been pregnant during that exposure . Meanwhile , some anti-nuclear organizations have been using horrifying photographs of deformed babies with gross birth defects and saying these were caused by Chernobyl . It 's just a lie , so that 's a little alarming to see scare tactics like that based on nonscience . Obviously you do not want to go and get close to nuclear fuel . On the other hand , when you take the fuel out of the reactor and put it in storage , 175 years , seven generations later , the radioactivity of that fuel is one billionth of what it is when you took it out of the reactors . This stuff actually has a half-life that is good . ... Mercury does n't have a half life , when mercury gets into the system , it bioconcentrates to the point where we tell pregnant women not to eat wild fish and shellfish because the mercury has accumulated , mostly from coal burning . ... CNN : What about nuclear proliferation , the potential for spread of nuclear weapons due to greater use of nuclear power ? Brand : First of all you want to separate out nations where that 's a worry and where it 's not a worry . China and India we really need to have stop burning coal . ... Now is there a proliferation issue there ? Not really -- China and India have nuclear weapons . The figure I quoted at TED was that 21 nations have nuclear power , only seven have nuclear weapons , and in every case they got the nuclear weapons first , then the nuclear power . Sweden has nuclear power -- 40 percent of their power is from nuclear . Do we worry about them having nuclear weapons ? Probably not . So then that leaves a few countries that we are concerned about . Iran is one . Venezuela would like to be one . That 's where Obama 's program for fuel banking , which was actually started in a very intelligent way by the Bush administration , is the classic workaround . It 's a thing which lets you know basically where all the fissile material is going in the countries that join the program . ... The great thing about nuclear weapons is when you downgrade the weapons-grade uranium , you get very good nuclear fuel . That 's what the U.S. has been doing for 10 years with Russian nuclear weapons . I love the symmetry of that . The very warheads that used to be targeted at American cities to blow them up are now being used to light them . CNN : Some critics of nuclear power say that it takes so long to license and build nuclear power plants it 's not really a practical alternative ? Brand : ... Things can be accelerated a lot . So one of the things the U.S. is doing is separately licensing -- going through the whole approval process -- reactor designs before they have to be figured out in context of a particular site . ... Then there used to be this long delay of getting site approval , but as it happened , when we slowed down and stopped our reactor building in the mid-1970s and early 1980s , most of the reactor sites already had permission for additional reactors , so that part has already been done . ... Look , you 're not going to cure greenhouse gases with nuclear , but curing greenhouse gases without nuclear is approximately impossible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stewart Brand .	After decades as a foe of nuclear power , Stewart Brand now believes strongly in it He says the nuclear waste disposal problem has basically been solved Brand says danger of low-level radiation has been exaggerated Nuclear power is proven way to reduce greenhouse gases and replace coal-burning , he says
CNN  -- Greg Cannom . Remember that name . The late Heath Ledger is expected to win best supporting actor for playing the Joker in "  The Dark Knight . " It 's not a household name , for sure . But this two-time Academy Award winner  for "  Bram Stoker 's Dracula " and "  Mrs. Doubtfire "  is the red-hot favorite to win the Oscar in the best makeup category , for his work taking Brad Pitt from decrepitude to infancy in "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . " His colleagues in the visual effects department are likely to join him , along with the art direction team and possibly costume designer Jacqueline West , taking "  Button 's " tally to four awards . But my hunch is that this will prove the outer limit of the Academy 's love for David Fincher 's epic . Not a good return on 13 nominations . Watch which films , stars are up for top honors " On the other hand , I predict that "  Slumdog Millionaire " will reap the rewards , with as many as seven Oscars from 10 nominations , including best picture and best director for Danny Boyle .  A full sweep is impossible , as composer A.R. Rahman has been nominated against himself in the best song category . "  Slumdog " will also probably miss out for sound editing and sound mixing , two categories that favor big-budget films .  Watch how "  Slumdog " is getting mixed reviews in India " If I 'm right , it will be a fairy-tale ending for what is in many respects a fairy tale of a movie , albeit a fairy tale punctuated with sometimes distressingly grim episodes of violence and poverty . Still , upsets do happen . Four years ago , all the pundits  including this one  had "  Brokeback Mountain " pegged for best picture . Instead , a left-field movie that had been kicking around for months surged from behind and "  Crash " - ed the party . EW 's Dave Karger makes his predictions It could happen again , but this year "  Slumdog " is -- or at least began as -- the left-field movie . The surprise came when American audiences embraced the energy and passion  the underdog spirit , if you will  of Boyle 's film . After all , this was a film that Warner Bros. almost consigned straight to DVD until Fox Searchlight stepped up and obtained U.S. theatrical rights . North American box office receipts will probably reach the $ 100 million mark soon , making the $ 15 million film easily the most profitable of the best picture contenders .  "  Benjamin Button " has grossed more , but with a budget estimated at $ 150 million , it cost 10 times as much to make .  Vote for your favorite nominees in major categories " Best actor The "  Slumdog " wave wo n't affect the acting categories , not because the Academy struggles to recognize Indian excellence but because the lead roles in the film are split between three generations of young actors . Similar considerations will weigh against Brad Pitt 's chances for best actor , despite his outstanding performance as "  Benjamin Button 's " lead . No one seems entirely clear where Pitt leaves off and the makeup , the CGI and the four other actors credited with playing the part take over . The pundits have decided that this category is a straight choice between Sean Penn  "  Milk "  and Mickey Rourke  "  The Wrestler "  , and although I would n't rule out Frank Langella for his strangely sympathetic portrait of the disgraced president in "  Frost/Nixon , " I have to agree that Penn and Rourke are both compelling choices , and either would be a worthy winner . Given the soft love the Academy has shown "  The Wrestler "  two nominations  compared with "  Milk "  eight , including best picture  , Penn is the smart choice . But my heart goes with Rourke . Penn transforms himself to play Harvey Milk , but Rourke does something more difficult ; he reveals himself . Watch how Rourke made a comeback to get Oscar nomination " Best actress This category , like best actor , seems to come down to a choice between two : Meryl Streep  who overpowers the ethical uncertainties of "  Doubt "  and Kate Winslet  who contrives to make a mass murderer sexy and sympathetic in "  The Reader "  . These are two ostentatious , technically demanding performances of the kind that Oscar voters appreciate ; Melissa Leo 's understated naturalism in the little-seen "  Frozen River " would stand at the opposite end of the spectrum , well out of the limelight . It 's astonishing that Streep -- by common consent our finest actress -- has n't won an Academy Award since "  Sophie 's Choice "  1982  , a losing streak that runs through 10 nominations  and counting  . But at least she already has a couple of Oscars on her mantel , which is more than you can say for Kate Winslet , hoping it will be sixth-time lucky on Sunday . In this critic 's opinion , she 's been nominated for the wrong performance and the wrong film  "  Revolutionary Road " would have been my choice  , but I 've had more arguments about "  The Reader " than any of the other contenders this year , and I suspect that there is enough support out there for a Winslet win . iReport.com : iReporter sees Streep winning Supporting actress I think we 'll see Penelope Cruz triumph for her fabulously funny bilingual artist in Woody Allen 's "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona . " She 's already won a BAFTA and an honor from the National Board of Review . But the Academy likes surprises in this category , and a first-time such as Taraji P. Henson could take it . iReport.com : Who do you think will win ? Supporting actor The idea that Heath Ledger wo n't win for "  The Dark Knight " is so unthinkable , I can only imagine mass walk-outs at the ceremony and riots breaking out across the country if it does n't come to pass .	CNN.com 's Tom Charity predicts "  Slumdog Millionaire " is going all the way Charity believes Mickey Rourke will edge past Sean Penn for best actor Heath Ledger not winning ? "  Unthinkable , " says Charity
CNN  -- Sudan and South Sudan signed an agreement Friday to soon withdraw their respective military forces from a demilitarized zone between the two African countries , officials from both nations said . Signed in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , the deal was brokered by former South African President Thabo Mbeki . Defense ministers from both Sudan and South Sudan promised they will implement the agreement over the 14-mile-wide area later this month . "  We will be ... committed , definitely , to implement  the agreement  word-by-word and step-by-step , " Sudan Defense Minister Lt. Gen. Abdal-Rahim Mohamed Hussein said . His South Sudanese counterpart , John Koang Nyoun , promised too that his nation 's forces will be pulled out of the "  14 miles and other areas . " South Sudan became independent from Sudan in July 2011 , following a popular referendum and a war that left nearly 2 million people dead . But the two nations have remained at odds on some issues , including defining their borders and oil exports . The upcoming withdrawals will be monitored by the commander of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei , according to the state-run Sudan News Agency , also known as SUNA . Under a 2005 peace agreement that ended Sudan 's two-decade civil war , Abyei residents were to take part in a referendum on whether to join the South or remain a special administrative region within Sudan . But disputes over who was eligible to vote prevented a scheduled January 2011 referendum from going forward in the hotly disputed , 4,000-square-mile region between the two countries , And last April , Sudan and South Sudan slipped close to all-out war in series of air and ground exchanges . Sudan and South Sudan have been under increasing pressure from the African Union and U.N. Security Council to resolve that and other disputes peacefully . In September , the two countries ' leaders signed a deal to resume oil exports , but failed to address other issues such as the fate of Abyei . When Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir and South Sudan President Salva Kiir met again in early 2013 , they agreed to temporary administrative and security arrangements for the Abyei region , including the creation of a police service and a limited governing council .	Sudan and South Sudan will withdraw their troops from a 14-mile-wide demilitarized zone The agreement was brokered by former South African President Thabo Mbeki The deal will be implemented "  word-by-word and step-by-step , " a Sudanese minister says South Sudan became an independent nation in 2011 , but disputes have persisted
London  CNN  -- For a second consecutive year , no leader has been deemed worthy of the $ 5 million Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership . The foundation 's prize committee announced Monday that it had decided not to award the prize -- the fourth time there has been no winner in its seven-year history . Winners must be democratically-elected leaders who have stepped down in the past three years after serving their constitutionally mandated term , and have demonstrated "  excellence in office . " The committee 's failure to again find a prize winner has led some to comment that its selection criteria are too narrow , and should be broadened to include those showing leadership in civil society . But Ibrahim , a Sudanese-born telecommunications businessman and billionaire , who created the foundation in 2006 , defended the prize . "  Most African countries are new states -- some of the states did not exist 70 years , 50 years ago , " he said , adding , "  In established democracies there are some kinds of checks and balances , but at the early stages in a state 's formation the power of the president is huge ... And we need really to point the finger at where the responsibility lies . "  Let 's put the light there and let us seek heroes . " Mo Ibrahim : Africa 's elderly leaders risk more revolutions The previous winners were President Pedro Verona Pires of Cape Verde in 2011 , Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique in 2007 and Festus Mogae of Botswana in 2008 . Nelson Mandela was made the honorary inaugural Laureate in 2007 . In 2009 and 2010 there was no winner , but in 2012 the foundation awarded Archbishop Desmond Tutu a one-off $ 1 million special prize for his lifelong commitment towards "  speaking truth to power . " There have also been accusations that failing to find a prize winner can encourage negative stereotypes about Africa and its leaders . Hadeel Ibrahim , Mo 's daughter and founding executive director of the foundation , told CNN : "  We 're holding a mirror up to Africa and if there 's a winner , congratulations to the winner and to that country , and if there 's no winner we hope that African people get more of the leadership they deserve . " She added : "  I think that when there 's no winner it means that there was no excellent individual . Some people have no expectations of a winner so it does n't cast Africa in a negative light , because it 's what they expect of the continent . For other people the fact that we 've even had three winners has opened their eyes to the fact that leadership is much better than it was . " The foundation also released its Ibrahim Index of African Governance  IIAG  -- an annual study that uses 94 indicators to measure good governance in Africa . In the 2013 index Mauritius scored highest for governance , followed by Botswana and Cape Verde , while Somalia scored worst , followed by DR Congo and Eritrea . Liberia was judged to have improved most , while Madagascar deteriorated most . The report found that 46 African countries have seen improved governance since 2000 , with those countries accounting for 94 % of Africa 's population . But the report also found that safety and the rule of law have deteriorated overall , with only 20 countries showing an improvement in this category since 2000 , partly because of increased internal unrest and internal conflicts in the continent . Some felt the leadership prize , and its lack of a winner , detracted from impact of the governance report . At the report launch Mo Ibrahim referred to the African Union 's summit last weekend , where the AU agreed to a resolution stating no sitting African head of state should appear before the International Criminal Court , amid accusations that the ICC was unfairly targeting Africa . "  We need an honest and good dialogue between the ICC and the African Union , " he said . "  We can not have a justice system that is in conflict with the continent , because it loses credibility . "	No winner of the 2013 Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership Fourth time in seven years that no one has been awarded prize Mo Ibrahim defends the stringent award criteria : "  Let us seek heroes "
CNN  -- They 're friendly , intelligent and playful . So who 'd want to shoot a dolphin ? Conservation experts and federal agents say they 're looking into the violent deaths of several bottlenose dolphins along the northern Gulf Coast this year , including one that was shot and another that was stabbed with a screwdriver . "  I ca n't explain why anyone would shoot a dolphin , " Jeff Radonski , a Florida-based special agent for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , told CNN . Radonski said NOAA is investigating four of the six deaths reported since June . Samia Ahmad , a spokeswoman for the Institute for Marine Mammal Studies in Gulfport , Mississippi , said at least six dolphins had died as a result of foul play since January . In one case , a dolphin had its jaw cut off , she said . In September , a dolphin that washed up on Elmer 's Island , Louisiana , had been shot . The bullet that killed it was found in its lung , NOAA reported . In June , a bottlenose was found in Perdido Bay , on the Florida-Alabama state line , with a screwdriver stuck in its head , the agency said . Dolphins are covered by the Marine Mammal Protection Act , a 1972 law that makes killing them punishable by fines of up to $ 20,000 and a year in prison . In at least two previous cases , fishing charter captains have been found guilty of shooting at dolphins that approached their boats or the fish their passengers had hooked , NOAA says . NOAA spokeswoman Allison Garrett told CNN that the most recent prosecution involved a Panama City , Florida , man who was convicted of throwing pipe bombs at dolphins . He was sentenced to two years in prison in 2009 for violating the federal conservation law and for possessing an explosive device as a convicted felon . World 's rarest whale species washes up	"  I ca n't explain why anyone would shoot a dolphin , " a NOAA official says At least six dolphin killings have been reported so far this year Two earlier prosecutions involved fishing charter captains
CNN  -- Children from a polygamist sect who one mother says are "  hurting very badly " in state custody are likely to be returned to their parents , a CNN legal analyst says . FLDS member Margaret Jessop says her children "  feel betrayed by adults . " A Texas appeals court ruled Thursday that the state had no right to remove hundreds of children from the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints ' ranch in Eldorado on April 3 , based on the suspicion that a few were being sexually abused . A sect mother who has four children in state custody said the matter has not been fully resolved because an appeal to the Texas Supreme Court is possible . "  I 'm very grateful , but I 'd like to see the children in my arms before I rejoice greatly , " Margaret Jessop said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Watch Jessop react to the ruling " But a permanent reunion of families is likely , said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN senior legal analyst . "  Based on this ruling I think it 's clear that if it stands , all these kids are going back with their mothers , " Toobin said on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 ° . " Jessop and other FLDS parents said they had been permitted visits with their children in foster care . Zavenda Young said two of her children were sent to Waco , Texas , and two to Hockley , 148 miles away . "  They 're in Boys and Girls Country in Hockley . And it 's just a -- it 's an institution , " she told host Larry King . Their father , Edson Jessop , said the experience has been rough on the children . "  You can see it 's a lot of stress on them , " he said . "  Every time we leave , they go through that trauma again . It 's enough to rip your heart out . " "  They feel betrayed by adults , and they 're hurting very badly , " Margaret Jessop added . The Texas Child Protective Services Department 's Web site says the agency has been "  coordinating with many professional service and government agencies to ensure the safety , health and comfort of the children and women in Eldorado . " A statement from the agency Thursday said it 's working out a response to the court ruling . "  Child Protective Services has one duty -- to protect children , " the statement said . "  When we see evidence that children have been sexually abused and remain at risk of further abuse , we will act . ... We will work with the office of the attorney general to determine the state 's next step in this case . "	More than 400 children likely to return to families , CNN 's Jeffrey Toobin says Mother says she 'll wait until children are with her before she rejoices over ruling Parents say children have suffered from separation Agency that took children says it 's considering next move
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A British soldier was killed on New Year 's Day by an explosion in southern Afghanistan , Britain 's Ministry of Defense said Friday . A British unit on patrol in Helmand province 's Garmsir district , where another soldier has died . The soldier , who served with the 6th Battalion The Rifles , had been taking part in a routine patrol in the Garmsir district of Helmand province when he was killed , the ministry said . "  It is deeply saddening to confirm the loss of a British soldier who died while helping to provide security in southern Helmand , " said Commander Paula Rowe , a spokeswoman for Task Force Helmand . "  His family , friends and all those who knew and worked with him will mourn his loss -- our heartfelt sympathies go to them all at this terrible time . " Britain suffered its worst year of losses in Afghanistan in 2008 , with 51 British troops killed . It was more than in any other year since the mission began in October 2001 , the defense ministry said .	British soldier killed on New Year 's Day by blast in Afghanistan Soldier served with the 6th Battalion The Rifles in Helmand province He was on patrol in Garmsir district when he was killed
