CNN  -- Police in New Hampshire are searching for a missing mother after her baby daughter was discovered in an abandoned car with its engine running and hazard lights flashing , authorities said . Krista Dittmeyer , 20 , has not been seen since Saturday , when the 14-month-old was found alone in her car , parked in the parking lot of a ski area at Mount Cranmore , New Hampshire , according to Conway , New Hampshire , police spokesman Christopher Perley . The car was discovered early Saturday morning by an unidentified passerby who noticed the flashing hazard lights . When the witness "  approached the car , they found that it was unoccupied , it was running , the driver 's door was slightly ajar and there was a baby in the back seat , " Perley told reporters Monday . The witness alerted police and the baby was taken to nearby Memorial Hospital , where it was determined to be in good health and then reunited with its grandmother , Perley said . Police also conducted a thorough search using fire and rescue personnel , New Hampshire Fish and Game staffers and police dogs . A murky pond has been drained and an air search was conducted Monday with no sign of Dittmeyer , Perley said . "  We do n't have any information that leads us to believe that she 's not alive , and we 're going to continue to investigate as if we can reunite her with her family , " Perley said in a Monday press conference . Dittmeyer , who lived with roommates in Portland , Maine , had no history of mental illness and no criminal record , Perley said . "  She would never , ever , ever , leave her in a car by herself , " Dittmeyer 's friend Kathy Pratt told CNN affiliate WMUR , referring to Dittmeyer 's daughter . Dittmeyer , who last spoke with her family at 8 p.m. on Friday , has friends in the North Conway area . "  We know that she would do whatever it takes to get back here and be with her daughter , " her sister , Kayla Dittmeyer , told WMUR . Police are testing physical evidence found at the scene , along with two vehicles -- one of them Krista Dittmeyer 's black Nissan Sentra , Perley said in the press conference . Authorities are also executing multiple search warrants and applying for a warrant for Dittmeyer 's cell phone records , he said . "  We are mobilizing every resource that we have and we are continuing to mobilize additional sources to reunite Krista with her family , " Perley said .	Krista Dittmeyer , 20 , has not been seen since Saturday Her 14-month-old daughter was left in her running car Relatives say she never would have left the child alone
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- The Rev. Jesse Jackson apologized Wednesday for "  crude and hurtful " remarks he made about Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama after an interview with a Fox News correspondent . The Rev. Jesse Jackson apologized to Sen. Obama 's campaign Wednesday over "  hurtful " remarks . The remarks came Sunday as Jackson was talking to a fellow interviewee , UnitedHealth Group executive Dr. Reed V. Tuckson . An open microphone picked up Jackson whispering , "  See , Barack 's been talking down to black people ... I want to cut his nuts off . " Jackson told CNN 's "  Situation Room " that he did n't realize the microphone was on . "  It was very private , " Jackson said , adding that if "  any hurt or harm has been caused to his campaign , I apologize . " An Obama campaign spokesman , Bill Burton , said that the senator from Illinois "  of course accepts Rev. Jackson 's apology . " Watch Jackson whisper comments about Obama " Jackson 's son , Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. of Illinois -- co-chair of Obama 's presidential campaign -- publicly blasted his father 's comments Wednesday . "  I 'm deeply outraged and disappointed in Rev. Jackson 's reckless statements about Sen. Barack Obama , " the younger Jackson said . "  His divisive and demeaning comments about the presumptive Democratic nominee -- and I believe the next president of the United States -- contradict his inspiring and courageous career . " Jackson Jr. added that he 'll "  always love " his father . But , he said , "  I thoroughly reject and repudiate his ugly rhetoric . " The elder Jackson repeated his apology in a news conference in Chicago a couple of hours before Fox News aired Sunday 's remarks . He said he wanted to address the issue publicly before the cable network aired the comment , because "  I know that they will further violate the context of it . " Earlier , Jackson told CNN he felt "  very distressed because I 'm supportive of this campaign and with the senator . " Watch more of Jackson 's apology on CNN " "  I was in a conversation with a fellow guest on Sunday . He asked about Barack 's speeches lately at the black churches . I said he comes down as speaking down to black people , " Jackson said . In a recent Father 's Day speech at a black church , Obama took absent black fathers to task , saying , "  We need them to realize that what makes you a man is not the ability to have a child -- it 's the courage to raise one . " While Jackson did n't cite any particular comment , he told CNN that Obama 's message to black voters must be broader and serve as more than a "  moral challenge . " The black community is faced with high levels of unemployment , home foreclosures and violence , "  so we have some real serious issues -- not just moral issues , " he said . However , Jackson said after finding out about the open microphone , he immediately contacted the Obama campaign to apologize . Burton , Obama 's spokesman , said the senator is quite familiar with the issues facing African-Americans and that "  he will continue to speak out about our responsibilities to ourselves . " "  As someone who grew up without a father in the home , Sen. Obama has spoken and written for many years about the issue of parental responsibility , including the importance of fathers participating in their children 's lives , " Burton said . "  He also discusses our responsibility as a society to provide jobs , justice , and opportunity for all . " The Rev. Al Sharpton , president of the civil rights group National Action Network , said Jackson 's remarks were "  most unfortunate , " adding he was happy that Jackson apologized . "  I hope people will remember the great work he 's done in this country as one assesses this last incident , " Sharpton said in a statement . Sharpton said people "  must be careful not to segregate Sen. Obama and impose some litmus test that is unfair and unproductive . " "  We must be very clear that Sen. Obama ... is running for president for all Americans , not just African-Americans -- which is why most Americans have embraced his campaign , " Sharpton said . At Wednesday evening 's news conference in Chicago , Jackson said : "  I have supported Barack 's campaign with passion from the very beginning . " Watch Jackson 's comments in Chicago " Jackson , whose Rainbow/PUSH Coalition is based in Chicago , has publicly endorsed Obama , most recently in a piece published Tuesday in the Chicago Sun-Times , and said he enjoys a close relationship with the Obama family . The incident is the latest of several in which the issue of Obama 's relationship with the African-American community has become a part of the campaign , raised either by opponents or by Obama 's allies . Nearly two weeks ago , Ralph Nader -- who is running his own presidential campaign as an independent -- accused Obama of attempting to "  talk white " and appealing to "  white guilt " in his quest for the White House . "  There 's only one thing different about Barack Obama when it comes to being a Democratic presidential candidate . He 's half African-American , " Nader told Colorado 's Rocky Mountain News in a June 26 story . Obama is still bouncing back from the weeks-long controversy over his former minister , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , whose fiery sermons at Chicago 's Trinity United Church of Christ drew unwanted attention for the campaign . In the sermons , Wright suggested the U.S. government may be responsible for the spread of AIDS in the black community and equated some American wartime activities to terrorism . Wright 's sermons and his eccentric behavior at later public appearances became a major political headache for the Obama campaign , especially since Wright officiated the senator 's wedding , baptized both of his children and was a spiritual adviser to his presidential campaign until he was asked to step down in March . This week 's remarks by Jackson were not the first time he criticized Obama . Last fall , he was critical of Obama 's reaction to the severe charges filed against six black students in the beating of a white student in Jena , Louisiana , a racially charged case that sparked a national outcry . Jackson accused Obama of "  acting like he 's white , " according to a South Carolina newspaper that cited a speech by Jackson at the historically black Benedict College in Columbia . "  If I were a candidate , I 'd be all over Jena , " Jackson said , according to the The State newspaper . "  Jena is a defining moment , just like Selma -LSB- Alabama -RSB- was a defining moment . " The newspaper reported Jackson later said he did not recall saying Obama is "  acting like he 's white , " but he continued to criticize Obama and other presidential candidates for not bringing more attention to the issue . During the Democratic primary race , Jackson also said Sen. John Edwards was the only candidate speaking to the issues of the black community . He later apologized . CNN 's Don Lemon contributed to this story .	NEW : Jackson 's son criticizes him for remarks The Rev. Jesse Jackson says he made "  crude and hurtful " remarks about Obama Jackson : "  Hot " mic caught conversation with a guest on a TV show Jackson said Obama was "  talking down to black people "
CNN  -- California Republican gubernatorial candidate Tim Donnelly took to CNN 's Spanish-language airwaves recently to deny accusations that a campaign ad he shot with Cuban-Venezuelan actress Maria Conchita Alonso is racist . The candidate , who is also a state assemblyman , touted his Filipina wife as evidence that he 's not prejudiced . "  If I am a racist , I 'm not a very good one , " Donnelly said Thursday on CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's "  Directo USA " show . "  I must have gone to the wrong school where you learn how to be a racist because I married a woman with dark skin . As a matter of fact , her skin 's darker than Maria Conchita 's . " Alonso agreed , saying , "  Tim is married to a Filipina . His daughter-in-law is Mexican . He is not a racist and neither am I , as we are now being accused . " The three-minute video , released January 13 on YouTube , has come under fire by some Latinos and Latino groups . In the video , Alonso cradles a small , sweater-clad lapdog she calls Tequila as she translates , and oftentimes reinterprets , Donnelly 's views on a wide range of issues . At one point , Alonso makes a somewhat crude allusion to Donnelly 's boldness . In the ad , Donnelly says , "  I want a gun in every Californians gun safe . I want the government out of our business and our bedroom . I want to bring the film industry back where she belongs , Hollywood . " To which Alonso responds , "  Los tiene bien grandes y esta enojado " meaning , "  He has really big ones , and he 's angry . " The candidate said the exchanges are meant to be tongue-in-cheek , but to some Latinos , who have taken to Twitter to express their outrage , the spot comes across as bizarre and ridiculous and as a stereotypical attempt to connect with Latino voters . Alonso , in particular , has drawn sharp criticism for endorsing a Tea Party favorite and immigration hard liner who in 2011 tried to gather enough signatures to repeal California 's so-called Dream Act , a law that allows undocumented college students to use state financial aid programs . Donnelly also founded a local chapter in 2005 of the armed civilian border patrol group The Minutemen . In a series of tweets , Mexican-American cartoonist and immigration activist Lalo Alcaraz called Alonso a vulgar Spanish term for idiot or stupid . Tony Hernandez , co-founder and producer for the Immigrant Archive Project , an independent initiative dedicated to preserving the life stories of America 's immigrant population , tweeted that he was shocked to see the Latina actress supporting the perceived anti-immigrant gubernatorial candidate . Over the weekend , the 56-year-old former beauty queen turned telenovela and Hollywood star said the resulting fallout forced her to resign from a San Francisco production of "  The Vagina Monologues . " "  Of course she has the right to say whatever she wants , " producer Eliana Lopez told local CBS affiliate KPIX . "  But ... doing what she is doing is against what we believe . " Alonso , however , said on "  Directo USA " that she firmly stands by her decision to support Donnelly for two reasons : Donnelly 's proposed plan to create more jobs and his desire to raise the minimum wage to $ 20 an hour , something the candidate has said he would do by unleashing California 's natural resources . "  We ought to be fracking and drilling our way to prosperity rather than sitting on an ocean of oil and importing it from our enemies , " Donnelly told "  Directo USA " anchor Juan Carlos Lopez , noting what occurred in North Dakota . In that state , McDonald 's restaurants offered employees about $ 15 an hour , plus signing bonuses after the discovery of the Parshall Oil Field in 2006 , which boosted the economy and led to a labor shortage . As to Donnelly 's stance on immigration , Alonso offers a few explanations . "  After 9/11 , he told me that he organized a group of civilians to go protect the border from the invasion , not of Mexicans , " Alonso said . "  A lot of Arabs and drugs enter through the Mexican border , so what he did was protect us from the people who wanted to come attack us . " Alonso also said Donnelly "  today supports the idea of helping immigrant children who came to the U.S. at the age of 3 or 5 with their college education . " However , Donnelly said in the "  Directo USA " interview that the Dream Act "  is an open-ended entitlement that will invite and incentive more people to come here illegally . ... I 'm not upset at people for coming here . I 'm mad at my government for inviting people to come the most dangerous way possible and putting their lives at risk . " A spokesman for California Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown dismissed Donnelly 's campaign ad . "  What this video lacks in terms of logic and sanity , they make up for it in pure entertainment value , " said Dan Newman , a political strategist and adviser to Brown . Even some fellow Republicans have taken issue with Donnelly 's latest spot . In a statement , CafÃ © Con Leche Republicans , a Latino group , said the ad is so bad it 's almost laughable . And , the group said , rather than appeal to Hispanics , the ad insults their intelligence . "  Maria Conchita Alonso is no doubt a great actress , but as we 've seen time and time again , movie stars often lack common sense , " the group said in a release . The actress is known to be politically provocative . She is an outspoken critic of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro and of deceased Venezuelan President Hugo ChÃ ¡ vez , whom she once described as a Hitler-like dictator and upon his death said she was not sad about his departure but that "  ideally he would be alive with cancer , in jail . " But this endorsement surprised many people , leading some to wonder whether she was paid to support Donnelly . The actress said she was not . The pair has found some support on social media , where some people have tweeted that Alonso should not be attacked but should be free to exercise her First Amendment right to free speech . However , the overwhelming sense among Latinos appears to be that invoking ethnic stereotypes and vehemently opposing immigration reform might not be the best strategy to win the governorship of a state where about 38 % of its residents are Latino .	Cuban-Venezuelan actress Maria Conchita Alonso makes ad with candidate Tea Party Republican Donnelly , Alonzo draw criticism for the YouTube video ad In the ad , Alonso translates , and oftentimes reinterprets , Donnelly 's views
CNN  -- A man who jumped the White House fence allegedly knocked over a female officer at the mansion 's double doors before he dashed into the ornate East Room . An inquiry continues into how Omar Gonzalez , 42 , made it into the White House . Investigators are looking through an elaborate closed-circuit video system showing the entire incident , a Secret Service source told CNN . Authorities said the Iraq war veteran had a knife in his pocket when he ran into the White House , where he was later subdued after a wild chase . The officer he met at the doorway got up , chased him and tackled him just outside the East Room , a source said . However , the fact that it was a female officer had nothing to do with the breach , according to the source . "  Gender was not a factor , she got one door secured but was pushed over while trying to get the second door shut , " the source said . Neither President Barack Obama nor the first family were at home at the time of the incident on September 19 . Gonzalez pleaded not guilty to federal charges Wednesday that included entering a restricted building while carrying a dangerous weapon . A federal judge ordered additional mental testing to determine whether he is competent to stand trial . White House alarm was down An alarm box had been turned down near the front door after complaints by the White House usher 's office that it was too loud . A canine unit was not released to chase Gonzalez because there were "  too many friendlies around , " the source said . Security failure in the nation 's highest office sparked calls for new leadership in the Secret Service . First female director resigns Julia Pierson , the first female director of the Secret Service , resigned Wednesday after a subsequent congressional inquiry uncovered other security lapses . Pierson took over as director of the Secret Service in March 2013 , tapped by Obama to change the culture of an agency marred by a Colombian prostitution scandal at the time . More scandals Several male agents in an advance contingent before a presidential trip to Cartagena , Colombia , had taken prostitutes back to their hotel rooms , according to investigators . A morning-after dispute between one agent and a woman over payment led to exposure of what happened and the ensuing investigations . Nine agents eventually left or lost their jobs Calls for Pierson to resign grew after another bombshell revelation during her testimony Tuesday on Capitol Hill that an armed security contractor was allowed to get into an elevator with the President during a recent trip to the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta . Pierson became the Secret Service 's chief of staff in 2008 . Before that , she served on the protective details of Presidents George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . New leadership After her resignation , Homeland Security Director Jeh Johnson announced that his department would take over an internal inquiry of the Secret Service and appoint a new panel to review security at the White House . Joseph Clancy , a former special agent in charge of the Presidential Protective Division of the Secret Service , will serve as interim director , Johnson said . CNN 's Pamela Brown , Elizabeth Hartfield , Eric Bradner and Z. Byron Wolf contributed to this report	Source : An alarm box had been turned down near the White House front door Source : A canine unit was not released to chase the jumper The first female director of the Secret Service resigned after the incident Iraq war veteran Omar Gonzalez pleaded not guilty to federal charges
CNN  -- The debate over the controversial practice of child marriage in Saudi Arabia was pushed back into the spotlight this week , with the kingdom 's top cleric saying that it 's OK for girls as young as 10 to wed. . "  It is incorrect to say that it 's not permitted to marry off girls who are 15 and younger , " Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh , the kingdom 's grand mufti , said in remarks quoted Wednesday in the regional Al-Hayat newspaper . "  A girl aged 10 or 12 can be married . Those who think she 's too young are wrong and they are being unfair to her . " The issue of child marriage has been a hot-button topic in the deeply conservative kingdom in recent weeks . Late last month , a Saudi judge refused to annul the marriage of an 8-year-old girl to a 47-year-old man . The judge , Sheikh Habib Abdallah al-Habib , rejected a petition from the girl 's mother , whose lawyer said the marriage was arranged by her father to settle a debt with "  a close friend . " The judge required the girl 's husband to sign a pledge that he would not have sex with her until she reaches puberty . Al-Sheikh was asked during a Monday lecture about parents forcing their underage daughters to marry . "  We hear a lot in the media about the marriage of underage girls , " he said , according to the newspaper . "  We should know that Shariah law has not brought injustice to women . " Christoph Wilcke , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , recently told CNN that his organization has heard many other cases of child marriages . "  We 've been hearing about these types of cases once every four or five months because the Saudi public is now able to express this kind of anger -- especially so when girls are traded off to older men , " Wilcke said . Wilcke explained that while Saudi ministries may make decisions designed to protect children , "  It is still the religious establishment that holds sway in the courts , and in many realms beyond the court . " Last month , Zuhair al-Harithi , a spokesman for the Saudi government-run Human Rights Commission , said his organization is fighting against child marriages . "  The Human Rights Commission opposes child marriages in Saudi Arabia , " al-Harithi said . "  Child marriages violate international agreements that have been signed by Saudi Arabia and should not be allowed . " He added that his organization has been able to intervene and stop at least one child marriage from taking place . Wajeha al-Huwaider , co-founder of the Society of Defending Women 's Rights in Saudi Arabia , told CNN last month that achieving human rights in the kingdom means standing against those who want to "  keep us backward and in the dark ages . " She said the marriages cause girls to "  lose their sense of security and safety . Also , it destroys their feeling of being loved and nurtured . It causes them a lifetime of psychological problems and severe depression . " The Saudi Ministry of Justice has made no public comment on the issue . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Grand mufti speaks out after judge refuses to annul marriage of man , 47 , to girl , 8 Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh : "  Shariah law has not brought injustice to women " Human Rights Commission fighting child marriages
On a busy Friday morning in Manhattan , nine pedestrians suffered bullet or fragment wounds after police unleashed a hail of gunfire at a man wielding a .45 caliber pistol who had just killed a former co-worker . The officers unloaded 16 rounds in the shadow of the Empire State Building at a disgruntled former apparel designer , killing him after he engaged in a gunbattle with police , authorities said . Three passersby sustained direct gunshot wounds , while the remaining six were hit by fragments , according to New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . All injuries were caused by police , he said Saturday . One officer shot nine rounds and another shot seven . Police identified the gunman as Jeffrey Johnson , 58 , who was apparently laid off from his job as a designer of women 's accessories at Hazan Import Co. last year . Johnson , who served in the U.S. Coast Guard in the mid-1970s , had two rounds left in his pistol . It holds eight , Kelly said . Police identified the slain co-worker as Steven Ercolino , 41 , who had apparently filed a prior complaint against his assailant , claiming that he thought Johnson would eventually try to kill him . Both men had filed harassment complaints against each other in April 2011 , Kelly added . Ercolino was listed as a vice president of sales at Hazan Import Corp. , according to his LinkedIn profile . "  It 's not something that should happen to a loving person like that , " said his brother , Paul . "  He 's going to be so missed by everybody . He was a light of so many lives . " His longstanding dispute with the gunman "  apparently centered on the fact that Ercolino was not selling -- at least in Johnson 's opinion -- as much of his product ... as he wanted him to , " Kelly said . The suspect lost his job last year at Hazan "  as a result of downsizing " but continued to return to the company regularly , engaging in "  a confrontation with Ercolino virtually every time he went back . " The violence erupted Friday morning just as visitors began to queue up to ascend the famous New York skyscraper in one of Manhattan 's busiest neighborhoods . Six of the injured were treated and released at hospitals by Friday evening , while three others remained hospitalized , Kelly added . One of those wounded , Erica Solar , was on her way to get a cup of coffee at Dunkin' Donuts when a bullet tore through the back of her leg , her brother said . The Manhattan receptionist is being treated at the city 's Bellevue Hospital . Experts : Empire State Building shooting wo n't keep tourists away Others like Robert Asika , a 23-year-old city tour guide , were on their way to work and got caught in the crossfire . "  When I turned around , I saw a guy reach in his suit and he pulled out a gun , " he told CNN affiliate WCBS-TV . "  I guess he shot at the police officer . And the police officer shot him . And one of them shot me in the arm , and I fell . " Witnesses recount chaotic , unsettling scene Irene Timan recalled to CNN affiliate WABC how she was walking down West 33rd Street and chatting with Ercolino on Friday morning , when she spotted Johnson . "  I was like , ` Oh my God , that 's Jeff Johnson . ' And I was like , ` He 's going to kill him , he 's going to kill him , I know he 's going to kill him , ' " said Timan , who knew there was "  bad blood " between Johnson and Ercolino but did n't know why . Then , as Ercolino was talking to Timan in mid-sentence , Johnson fired at him -- "  right next to me , " she recalled . Kelly , the police commissioner , said that Johnson -- who was wearing a business suit and carrying a briefcase as he waited -- shot Ercolino once in the head and then in the torso . An emotional Timan said Saturday that she has been replaying the incident "  over and over in my mind . And I thought , ` Maybe you could have kicked the gun out of his hand and Steve would have only gotten shot once instead of five or six times . ' ... I just ran , I did n't know what else to do . " Johnson then walked east , before eventually turning north . A construction worker was among those who dashed after the gunman after the initial gunshots . Eventually , the worker alerted two police officers in front of the Empire State Building that the suspect "  just killed a man around the corner , " Kelly said . The police commissioner said the suspect pulled his gun out of his briefcase as the officers approached , pointing at them . The officers then fatally shot Johnson . A brief surveillance video released Friday night by police shows the man walking behind a large planter on a busy street . He appears to point something as two officers approach , coming to within a few feet of him . Then , as bystanders run in all directions , the man falls abruptly to the ground after apparently being shot . Witnesses said police shot Johnson at least three times . "  I heard the gunshots , " said Anika Basu , who was on a bus near the building when the shooting happened . "  I looked toward the left and saw three people fall . ... The whole entire crosswalk emptied and people were running . When she heard the shots and saw people running , this time toward her , Timan said she feared Johnson was "  going on a shooting spree . " "  And I really thought he was coming back for me , " she said . Police say Johnson used a semiautomatic handgun and was carrying extra ammunition in his briefcase . He purchased the weapon legally in 1991 in Florida but did not have a permit to carry it in New York City . The former Manhattan resident did not appear to have had a criminal record , but authorities were still checking , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . Johnson 's neighbor , Gisela Casella , described him as a quiet animal lover whose death left her "  shocked . " "  He was the nicest guy . He must have snapped or something . I do n't know , " she said . His landlord , Guillermo Suarez , said he lived alone and that he 'd seen Johnson leave the building around 8 a.m. in a suit . By around 9 a.m. , the shootings had prompted local and federal authorities to close several streets around Fifth Avenue and West 34th Street , snarling traffic in the heart of Manhattan . What to know about Empire State Building The Empire State Building is one of the most famous skyscrapers in the world and one of New York 's best-known tourist attractions . Each year , about 4 million people visit the building 's two observation decks . At more than 1,453 feet tall , the landmark building reaches more than a quarter-mile into the sky .	A woman says she was chatting with Steven Ercolino when a man opened fire Ercolino apparently filed a complaint fearing the gunman would try to kill him , police say Police gunfire wounded nine people in Empire State Building shooting , commissioner says Police : Investigation under way after officer shot nine rounds while another shot seven
London  CNN  -- A former personal assistant to Nigella Lawson told a court Friday that the celebrity chef had lied in her testimony as a prosecution witness . Elisabetta Grillo , who is accused alongside her sister Francesca of embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds from Lawson and her ex-husband , Charles Saatchi , insisted under cross-examination she had told the truth in her own defense . Both sisters deny fraud . On Thursday , Elisabetta Grillo testified that over the years she had worked for the family , she had seen signs of cocaine use by Lawson "  every three days , I do n't know , regularly . " In her testimony last week , Lawson confirmed she had taken cocaine half a dozen times and used cannabis in the past . But she denied being a habitual user , saying , "  I did not have a drug problem , I had a life problem . " Asked by the prosecution Friday if she thought Lawson had lied , Grillo replied , "  Yes . " She gave the same response when asked if Saatchi had lied . Saatchi had said in an e-mail that Lawson had used drugs regularly , but in his testimony before the court he backed off that claim . In the e-mail , which the defense shared with the court in a pretrial hearing , Saatchi wrote that the two assistants would probably "  get off " because Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Grillo said she had never seen Lawson take drugs but said she was aware that she used cocaine and cannabis . She recounted finding a packet containing white powder in the bathroom , rolled up bank notes , and credit cards and CDs with traces of white powder on them . Asked by her defense attorney how she felt about saying Lawson took drugs , Grillo said she did n't like it . But she said it was true . Nigella Lawson : Flirtatious celebrity chef Personal spending The two sisters are accused of spending large sums on luxury goods on company credit cards they were supposed to use for household expenses . Questioned by the prosecution Friday , Elisabetta Grillo insisted that Lawson had authorized spending on personal items , such as clothes , designer shoes and cosmetics , on her work credit card . She also said she 'd been told she could take out cash on the card . Grillo described Lawson and Saatchi as generous , saying the latter had paid for her to go to Paris in 2008 for her birthday . The trial has been closely followed by the UK media because of its high-profile witnesses , Lawson and Saatchi , a millionaire art collector . Allegations of drug use by Lawson emerged in June , around the time she and Saatchi were photographed having an argument in a restaurant . In the photos , which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers , Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat and appears to pinch and look up her nose . Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon afterward . Lawson , widely known in Britain for her cookbooks and TV shows , has also appeared as a judge on ABC 's "  The Taste " in the United States . The trial continues next week . Opinion : The rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse	Elisabetta Grillo insists she is telling the truth , tells court Nigella Lawson lied The ex-aide says she was allowed to make personal purchases on her work card Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo deny embezzling large sums of money
CNN  -- Evangeline Lilly is in three of the highest-profile movies of the last few years : the last two "  Hobbit " movies  the final one out this week  , and next year 's Marvel extravaganza "  Ant-Man . " Despite all this , Lilly 's heart is really in writing . The actress , who first gained fame on the hit show "  Lost , " recently spoke with CNN about "  The Hobbit " and her current career and plans . CNN : You 're now nearing the end of your journey on "  The Hobbit " " with "  The Battle of Five Armies . " What attracted you to the role of Tauriel ? Lilly : ` The Hobbit ' was one of my favorite books as a kid . I was extremely honored to be representing Tolkien on the screen , and working with Peter Jackson . Working on that project is what inspired me to start writing -LSB- her children 's book -RSB- "  The Squickerwonkers " and get it published . It really got me moving and inspired me to set off and do something with my writing . CNN : Tauriel is an original character created for the movie . What was it like tackling that ? Lilly : Tauriel was half as daunting as a character from the book . -LSB- With -RSB- Tauriel , there was no preconceived idea of who she should be . There was a lot of freedom to really play with it , and be open to my own interpretation of her . The scariest part was accepting the role in the first place -- I had to agree to play a character who would be very likely hated by most of the fans . Once I decided  that  I did n't have to live up to anyone 's expectation of her , not knowing who she was . CNN : Since she is not in the book , we do n't know what will become of her . Lilly : We left her in a situation where she had betrayed her king , and we were n't sure where her heart was at . We start to realize where her alliances are , and who she cares about . Is it the dwarf or Legolas ? And she does more ass-kicking , which she does best . But there 's a lot more emotional material for Tauriel in this film , which is good to see . We get to know her better . CNN : What made you decide to make the leap to writing ? Lilly : When I finished shooting "  The Hobbit , " I took two years off to be an author . A lot of that time was spent trying to help publish a limited edition run of 1,000 books for San Diego Comic-Con . Then Titan swept in and said they would publish in 2014 . When I started to work on "  Ant-Man , " it was a return to being an actor for a little while . I was curious to see how it was -- and if there was a part of me that missed it . Ultimately , my reaction was , "  God , I ca n't wait to get back to full-time writing . " There 's nothing as pleasurable to me as writing . It was great affirmation that I was making the right choice and going in the right direction . CNN : So you see yourself doing less and less acting ? Lilly : Acting has always been something that happened , but never something I dreamed about and pursued . I was fortunate to have such a wonderful job fall into my lap . If this was n't the right fit -- an amazing job that most people would covet -- I thought that writing would be that . I think I was right . CNN : You just wrapped "  Ant-Man . " What was that experience like ? Lilly : I 've been astounded to discover how good to their teams and crew that Marvel are . They 're so collaborative , so smart with their stories . They have rich , dynamic characters which are so much fun to play . I expected I 'd be a cog in the wheel of a big machine -- I was n't sure I 'd like this experience . But I 've been so astounded at how pleasurable the whole experience has been . CNN : Who is your character , Hope Van Dyne ? Lilly : She is the daughter of the founders of The Avengers , Ant-Man and the Wasp . She is a very talented , intelligent , capable woman and a force to be reckoned with . This one is very much a heist film . It has all the fun , tension and drama of a good heist film . The heist is being masterminded by myself , my father and Scott Lang .	` Lost ' star Evangeline Lilly has found big screen fame with ` The Hobbit ' She also stars in the upcoming ` Ant-Man ' She plans to mostly leave acting behind and concentrate on writing
CNN  -- Agents on Wednesday will release dozens of interviews conducted during the investigation of sexual assault allegations against star professional quarterback Ben Roethlisberger . Roethlisberger was cleared of criminal wrongdoing in the investigation but was slapped with a six-game suspension from the National Football League for what the league called "  detrimental conduct . " The investigative file contains more than 50 DVDs of audio and videotaped interviews and photographs , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said . The file is sure to provide intimate details of the case that hurled the Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback from the sports page to the front page earlier this year . Roethlisberger , who led the Steelers to Super Bowl titles in 2006 and 2009 , faced the threat of criminal charges after a 20-year-old woman accused him of raping her in a Milledgeville , Georgia , bar in March . The quarterback 's lawyer said no sexual assault took place , and prosecutors decided in April that they could not prove that a crime had been committed . Although prosecutors determined that no charges would be filed , the investigation showed that Roethlisberger had provided underage college students with alcohol , National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell has said . Along with the suspension , Goodell ordered that Roethlisberger undergo a "  comprehensive behavioral evaluation by medical professionals . " The Steelers quarterback is not the only NFL player dealing with allegations of sexual assault . Seven players from the Green Bay Packers were questioned as part of an investigation into the alleged sexual assaults of two women on June 6 , police said . Six of the men were later released and are not considered suspects . A seventh man , who was not identified , was also questioned and released , and remains under investigation , according to Lake Delton , Wisconsin , Police Chief Thomas Dorner .	Agents will release dozens of interviews conducted during probe Ben Roethlisberger was cleared of criminal charges Quarterback still got six-game suspension from NFL
CNN  -- Six people , including two children and the suspected shooter , were found dead in Greenwood County , South Carolina , an official said Tuesday night . All died from gunshot wounds , said Greenwood County Sheriff Tony Davis . Authorities believe it 's a "  domestic-related incident . " The crime scene was along Callison Highway , according to South Carolina Law Enforcement Division spokesman Tom Berry . Four crime scene investigators and three regional agents from that agency have been sent there to assist local authorities , Berry added . About 80 miles west of the state capital of Columbia , Greenwood County has roughly 70,000 people , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .	Children and the suspected shooter are among the dead All died from gunshot wounds , a sheriff says Greenwood County is located about 80 miles west of the state capital of Columbia
CNN  -- A man stranded after his car plunged down a steep embankment in the Angeles National Forest survived for six days by eating leaves and drinking water from a creek , authorities said Friday . David J. Lavau , 67 , of Lake Hughes , California , was found in a ravine a week after losing control of his car on a rural road and plunging 500 feet down an embankment into heavy brush , according to a report by the California Highway Patrol . Lavau , who is partially disabled , told authorities that he spent the first night in his car . "  The next morning , he exited his vehicle and observed another vehicle adjacent to his own with a deceased male driver behind the wheel , " the report said . "  The deceased appeared to have been there for some time . " Authorities say they have not identified the dead driver . The case began to unfold on September 23 , when Lavau failed to return home . Lavau 's family began searching for him when he failed to return home , driving the route and stopping at all the curves in the road from Castaic to his home in Lake Hughes . While Lavau 's family searched for him , he "  remained at the bottom of the hill surviving on leaves and water from a nearby creek , " the report said . Lavau 's son , Sean , found his father after hearing "  faint yells for help on the roadway from the canyon below , " according to the report . Sean Lavau hiked to the bottom of the canyon to find his father , the report said . The Los Angeles County Fire Department rescued Lavau and his son from the ravine . Lavau was taken to an area hospital where he was treated for moderate injuries , the report said . The CHP said Lavau 's accident and the one involving the dead driver are under investigation . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	California man survives on leaves and water from a creek after his car plunges into a ravine Authorities : David Lavau 's car came to rest near another that went off the road earlier Lavau 's family began to search for him when he failed to return home , the CHP says Lavau 's son found him after driving the route , stopping at every curve in the road , the CHP says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Fullerton , California , police officer charged with second-degree murder in the beating death of a mentally ill homeless man was released from jail Thursday after posting a bond in lieu of $ 1 million bail , the Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman said . Manuel Ramos , 37 , a 10-year veteran of the Fullerton Police Department , is also charged with involuntary manslaughter in the July death of Kelly Thomas , 37 . Ramos ' family and friends raised the $ 100,000 for the bond -- which typically is 10 % of the bail -- to secure his release from custody , said Jim Amormino , spokesman for the Orange County sheriff . Ramos was released shortly after midnight Thursday , Amormino said . "  By the time they do the paperwork and things of that nature , many times it 's that late in the morning , " Amormino told CNN . Thomas ' father , Ron , 55 , of Cypress , California , objected to Ramos ' release and said Ramos should have been held without bail . "  I do n't want him released because he brutally murdered my son , " said Thomas , who 's a safety consultant for the construction industry . He was an Army Ranger in special ops for 10 years ; a martial arts master , he now teaches hand-to-hand combat to Marines going to Iraq and Afghanistan , he said . Also charged in the Thomas case is Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli , who is charged with involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force . He was released last week on $ 25,000 bail . Both officers have pleaded not guilty to the charges . The two men are among six Fullerton police officers -- all men -- who were involved in the Thomas arrest and have been placed on involuntary , paid administrative leave . The FBI is also investigating the incident for civil rights violations . Ron Thomas , the father , said Thursday he wants criminal charges against each of the other four officers . "  Even if he just stood there and did absolutely nothing , that 's what he should be charged with . He did n't prevent my son 's death , " Thomas said . The Orange County district attorney 's office said this month that no charges were filed against the other four because "  the evidence does not show knowing participation in an unlawful act on the part of these officers . " Kelly Thomas , a 37-year-old homeless man with schizophrenia , was beaten by police during an altercation July 5 and died five days later . The case drew widespread attention to the police department of Fullerton , about 25 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . Since then , two other allegations of brutality at the hands of city police have surfaced , both regarding unrelated arrests in 2010 . District Attorney Tony Rackauckas and fellow prosecutors viewed 16 minutes of bus depot surveillance video showing what happened in the Thomas case , Rackauckas has said . Thomas suffered brain injuries , facial fractures , rib fractures , and extensive bruising and abrasions , the prosecutor 's office said . The Orange County coroner listed his manner of death as a homicide and said he died after having his chest compressed , leaving him unable to breathe . Ramos had made initial contact with Thomas -- whom he knew as a "  homeless drifter " -- after police received a call about a homeless man looking in car windows and pulling on handles of parked cars , Rackauckas said . "  He lifted his fists to Kelly Thomas and he said , ` You see my fist ? Now they 're getting to ready to F you up , ' " Rackauckas said , using "  F " instead of the full profanity . The district attorney said Ramos ' conduct was unacceptable and "  not protecting and serving " the public . "  Ramos had to know that he was creating a situation where Kelly Thomas feared for his life and was struggling to get away from an armed officer who was going to ' F him up , ' " Rackauckas said . Cicinelli arrived at the scene later . He is accused of using excessive force when he allegedly assaulted and beat Thomas , including using the front end of his Taser to hit the victim on the head and face eight times while the man was pinned to the ground by other officers . At that point , Thomas was making no audible sounds , indicating that he was "  down and seriously injured , " the prosecutor 's office said . CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	NEW : Father of alleged murder victim objects to release from jail Family and friends of Officer Manuel Ramos help raise money to free him Ramos and his supporters pay $ 100,000 for a bond in lieu of bail Second officer charged in homeless man 's death is free on $ 25,000 bail
CNN  -- Two leading Jewish watchdog groups are denouncing a prominent cartoonist 's illustration about Israel 's offensive in Gaza , saying it uses anti-Semitic imagery . The cartoon was published Wednesday in newspapers and on the Internet . The Anti-Defamation League , which has been fighting anti-Semitism since it was founded in 1913 , called the syndicated cartoon by Pulitzer Prize-winning Pat Oliphant "  hideously anti-Semitic . " The Simon Wiesenthal Center , which , among other things , fights anti-Semitism and educates people about the Holocaust , said "  the cartoon mimics the venomous anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazi and Soviet eras . " Published Wednesday in newspapers and on the Internet , the cartoon shows the small figure of a woman , labeled Gaza , carrying a child . She is being pursued by a headless , jackbooted figure wielding a sword , marching in an apparent goose-step and pushing a fanged Jewish star on a wheel . The Anti-Defamation League said the cartoon used "  Nazi-like imagery " and a "  hateful evocation of the Star of David . " Abraham H. Foxman , the ADL 's national director , said the cartoon 's "  outlandish and offensive use of the Star of David in combination with Nazi-like imagery is hideously anti-Semitic . " "  It employs Nazi imagery by portraying Israel as a jack-booted , goose-stepping headless apparition , " Foxman said . "  The implication is of an Israeli policy without a head or a heart . Israel 's defensive military operation to protect the lives of its men , women and children who are being continuously bombarded by Hamas rocket attacks has been turned on its head to show the victims as heartless , headless aggressors . " The Wiesenthal Center , which also issued its statement Wednesday , said it urged The New York Times Web site and other Web sites to remove the cartoon . "  There is nothing about Oliphant 's cartoon not meant to denigrate and demonize the Jewish state , from the headless goose-stepping soldier to the horrific depiction of the Star of David about to devour a cowering innocent Gazan woman holding a baby , " Rabbi Marvin Hier , the group 's dean , and Rabbi Abraham Cooper , the group 's associate dean , said in a joint statement . "  The imagery in this cartoon mimics the venomous anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazi and Soviet eras . It is cartoons like this that inspired millions of people to hate in the 1930 's and help set the stage for the Nazi genocide , " the statement said . A spokeswoman for Universal Press Syndicate , which distributes Oliphant 's work , issued a statement defending him , saying he , "  like all editorial cartoonists , uses his art to comment on important issues of the day widely reported in the worldwide media -- in this case , the conflict over Gaza . That his cartoons sometimes spark intense debate is a testament to his talent . " Universal said no media outlet had informed the syndicate that it removed the cartoon , but "  Oliphant 's clients are not contractually bound to inform us . " A New York Times spokeswoman said , "  We did not run the cartoon in the newspaper , nor do we plan to do so . " She said NYTimes.com has , by contract with uclick.com , an "  Oliphant " button on the cartoons page . "  Yesterday , those who clicked on it saw the cartoon you mentioned , which is now relegated to the Oliphant archive , " she said . Imagery and rhetoric comparing Israel to Nazis have been deployed by Israel 's persistent critics , who decry the Jewish state 's treatment of Palestinians as oppressive and brutal . Israel and its supporters defend the state as humane and say it has properly defended itself against attacks . There has been sharp criticism of Israel 's offensive against Hamas militants in Gaza who launched rockets into southern Israeli towns . Human Rights Watch said Wednesday the Israeli military 's firing of white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the offensive "  was indiscriminate and is evidence of war crimes , " a claim denied by Israel . Israel has said that Hamas militants situated themselves among civilians during the offensive . Oliphant , who won the Pulitzer in 1967 , has been a dominant figure in the editorial cartoon world . His work has been distributed since 1980 by Universal Press Syndicate , which calls the Australian native one of the "  sharpest , most daring practitioners " among editorial cartoonists . He has received many honors , and his cartoons have been exhibited across the world . "  In 1998 , the Library of Congress commemorated the acquisition of 60 of his works with a special exhibition at the Library 's Great Hall , " according to an Oliphant biography on the Universal Web site . This is n't the first time Oliphant 's cartoons have drawn criticism . The American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee in 2005 "  wrote to the San Francisco Chronicle and Universal Press Syndicate to communicate concern over racist depictions of Arabs , " according to the group 's Web site , and the Asian American Journalists Association criticized offensive stereotypes in cartoons in 1999 , 2001 and 2007 . Debates over offensive editorial cartoons are not uncommon . Keith Woods , dean of faculty at the Poynter Institute , a journalism school in St. Petersburg , Florida , was asked to comment on the reaction to the cartoon , whether the cartoon was improper , and at what point in the editorial process an editor can say a product has gone too far . He said he understands the positions the Jewish groups and Israeli policy critics bring to the table . He said he believes Oliphant is saying that "  Israel is behaving toward the Palestinians the way the Nazis behaved toward the Jews " and that he is stating an opinion shared by many in the Middle East and the world . "  I believe that like the caricatures they are , editorial cartoons by their nature exaggerate their messages , so I do n't think Oliphant is suggesting a one-to-one comparison . So I get the message , instead , that Israel is acting brutally toward the Palestinians . " He also believes the ADL and the Wiesenthal Center "  are saying that the cartoon is at least doing unintentional harm  if not more calculated harm  . " "  I see their point . There are symbols -- and the Nazi extermination of the Jews is surely one of them -- that can only truly be analogized to their equals . Unadulterated evil compared with unadulterated evil . Israel 's ongoing battles with its Arab neighbors may be many things , but it is not The Final Solution . " As for the question of how news organizations should handle and discuss such a cartoon , Woods said that "  Oliphant clearly has the right to provoke or offend . The question for him is : Do you truly wish to conflate a complex , historic conflict with one of the most evil acts in history ? And for the newspapers that carry the cartoon -- and their behavior here is equally open to critique -- do you wish to perpetuate such a comparison ? "	NEW : Cartoon 's distributor defends cartoonist , cites his talent to stir debate Work by Pulitzer-winning cartoonist shows jack-booted figure , Jewish star with fangs Anti-Defamation League , Simon Wiesenthal Center say it uses anti-Semitic imagery Critics compare Israeli actions to Nazi aggression ; Israel says it must defended itself
The widow of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat said Wednesday she wants his body exhumed to find out whether he was poisoned after tests showed high levels of a radioactive substance on some of his personal belongings . Suha Arafat told CNN she is requesting the body be exhumed "  to make sure 100 % of the existence of polonium . " A Swiss doctor said Wednesday they found high levels of toxic polonium-210 on some of Arafat 's belongings , though it does not mean he suffered radiation poisoning . "  We have evidence there is too much polonium , but we also have hints from the medical records that this may not be the case , " said Francois Bochud , director of the Institut de Radiophysique in Lausanne , Switzerland . "  The only way to resolve this anomaly would be by testing the body . " Suha Arafat said she had not made an official request to the Palestinian Authority for exhumation because no official request is needed . The Palestinian Authority said Wednesday that it would not object to exhuming the body from its tomb if Arafat 's family approves . Arafat belongings test high for radioactivity , scientist says If it turns out that Arafat , who died in 2004 , was poisoned , "  Any result will be significant for us to help know the truth , " said Suha Arafat , the former leader 's widow . "  It is a form of closure for our family . Closing one wound but opening a new one , wondering who is responsible . " Bochud 's research team tested Arafat 's toothbrush , clothing and keffiyeh , the trademark black-and-white headscarf he often wore , Bochud said . But getting data from items like clothing "  is really tricky business , " said Cham Dallas , a professor and toxicologist at the University of Georgia 's Institute for Health Management and Mass Destruction Defense . "  We do n't have enough information to make any definitive statement , but it does seem a bit of a stretch " to conclude that Arafat was poisoned by polonium-210 , he told CNN in a telephone interview . Dallas questioned how much confidence the Swiss scientists could have in their measurements and said he was looking forward to results from tests carried out on the body after it is exhumed . "  I 'd have a lot more confidence if you could give me a bone sample , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . He cited compartments inside the bone as particularly telling . "  There 's old bone and then there 's new bone , " he said . "  If you 're sampling , it would come out very differently . " Arafat died at age 75 at a Paris military hospital after he suffered a brain hemorrhage and slipped into a coma . Palestinian officials said in the days before his death that Arafat had a blood disorder -- though they ruled out leukemia -- and that he had digestive problems . Rumors of poisoning circulated at the time , but Palestinian officials denied them , and then-Foreign Minister Nabil Sha'ath said he "  totally " ruled them out . Two weeks after Arafat 's death , his nephew said medical records showed no cause of death . Nasser al-Kidwa , who was the Palestinian observer to the United Nations , said toxicology tests showed "  no known poison " -- though he refused to exclude the possibility that poison caused his uncle 's death . "  The suspicion that he was killed , that he was deliberately murdered , has been there all along and most Palestinians believe that , " said Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the Palestinian Liberation Organization 's executive committee . "  I personally believed it because I was with him ; I saw him ; I saw the transformation and it certainly was unnatural . " Ashrawi said she had spoken with Arafat 's doctors , who told her that they could not rule out the possibility that he had been poisoned . "  But we did n't have any kind of thread , any kind of evidence , " she told CNN . "  This report , in many ways , tells us our suspicions are founded that there is sufficient evidence to say that he was killed , that he was assassinated using polonium . " Only a few countries , including the United States , Israel and Russia , have stocks of polonium-210 , a fact that would limit the list of possible suspects , he said . "  You would only use polonium if you were making a statement , not if you were trying to hide , " he said . Someone trying to get away with murder would be better off using pharmaceutical agents , since a number of of them "  disappear in the body " and can not be identified later , he said . "  I ca n't figure out why they would use it , frankly , " he said . "  There are so many really cool agents to kill people if you want to be secret and even if you want to make a statement . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has ordered a committee investigating Arafat 's death to follow up on all reports "  and to seek assistance from Arab and international experts to find the truth behind Arafat 's illness and death , " said his spokesman , Nabil Abu Rudeineh . It should be possible to detect any remaining polonium -- a naturally radioactive chemical element -- in Arafat 's body , despite the time that has elapsed since his death because he was buried in a tomb , not underground , Bochud said . Arafat 's widow asked the Swiss institute to analyze some of his belongings and medical documents , Bochud said . The Qatar-based satellite network Al Jazeera relayed the request and broadcast a report about the test results . The testing found no evidence of traditional poison , Bochud said . But Al Jazeera and the family then asked him to test for radioactive material , and found an "  unexplained amount of polonium-210 , " he said , adding , "  We are testing tiny quantities so it is difficult to measure and not conclusive . " A body fluid stain contained 180 megabecquerels per liter of the radioactive isotope , while a typical sample would contain 5 megabecquerels per liter , Bochud said . A becquerel is a unit of measurement of radioactivity . The fabric of Arafat 's clothing , without body fluid , contained less than 10 megabecquerels per liter , Bochud said . Tests involving biological samples -- such as urine , sweat or blood -- contained higher levels than other samples taken from his clothing , he said . Arafat 's widow had left his clothes inside a sports bag from the time they were returned to her eight years ago from the hospital , Bochud said . It was not clear whether anything that may have happened to the clothes -- over the years or in the testing process -- may have affected the test results . Asked whether polonium-210 could have been applied to the items since Arafat 's death , Bochud said , "  Anything is possible . " Bochud also said the Institut de Radiophysique did not verify that the clothing was Arafat 's ; another organization concluded that the DNA on the items was similar to that of Arafat 's daughter . Zahwa Arafat provided her DNA for the comparison , Suha Arafat told CNN . The wait for test results , which lasted months , "  was emotionally difficult , " she said . Former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko died of polonium poisoning in London in 2006 . But it 's hard to compare the cases of Arafat and Litvinenko , who was diagnosed when he was alive , Bochud said . Arafat 's symptoms when he died were not entirely consistent with polonium poisoning , he said . "  For example , the bone marrow stayed in good shape until  the  death of Arafat . In other cases of polonium poisoning there is a decaying of the bone marrow , " the medical expert said . "  Another point , he did not lose his hair as would be expected in the case of polonium . " poisoning . Scientists performed more than 50 measurements on the belongings between February and June , he said .	A stain contained higher levels of polonium-210 than a typical sample , a scientist says The test results do not necessarily mean Arafat was poisoned , the scientist says "  There is sufficient evidence " Yasser Arafat was killed , PLO official says Use of polonium-210 as a poison "  does seem a bit of a stretch , " toxicologist says
CNN  -- Living in Tokyo , Japan , during the late '90s , Geoffrey Barnett found it extremely difficult -- even dangerous -- to ride his bicycle to work every day . "  The traffic is incredible , and there 's so much pollution , " said Barnett , an Australian who worked in the city as an English teacher . His students shared his frustration , and they would often talk about Tokyo 's jam-packed streets during class . "  It was always a topic of discussion that motivated the students to talk , because it was a part of their life as well , " Barnett recalled . Out of those frequent discussions evolved Barnett 's idea for Shweeb , a system of personal , pedal-powered monorail pods that he hopes can one day become an alternative form of urban transit . With Shweeb , pods hang from an elevated track that , theoretically , would stretch to destinations throughout a city . "  Cumbersome , jammed-up cities of today should be rendered into completely accessible worlds once you 've got a way to shoot over the traffic , " said Barnett , who derived the name Shweeb from the German word "  schweben , " which means to hang , hover or float . He left Tokyo in 2000 to design a prototype . Barnett 's vision received a significant boost last month when Google awarded Shweeb $ 1 million for research and development . Shweeb was one of five winners of Project 10 ^ 100 , Google 's "  call for ideas to change the world . " The public suggested more than 150,000 categories for Google to consider . Five were eventually chosen , including "  drive innovation in public transportation . " "  The cost of innovation in public transportation is often very high , sometimes in the billions of dollars , " Google spokesman Jamie Yood said . "  We looked for a concrete project where the funding available to us with Project 10 ^ 100 has the potential to yield impact . Shweeb 's innovative approach toward low-cost and environmentally friendly urban transport has the potential for significant impact in the future . " Google tests cars that drive themselves During its global search , Google was able to see a Shweeb prototype in action . Since November 2007 , Shweeb has been a star attraction at Agroventures , an adventure park in Rotorua , New Zealand . People of all ages can race the bullet-shaped capsules on a closed track there . "  We 've been able to prove a lot of good things about the technology : that we can get the transmission working at high speeds so we can swing around corners , that it 's efficient , " said Barnett , 40 . "  It 's going faster -LSB- up to about 28 mph -RSB- than most of our customers would be going on a bicycle . "  The downside is that because it 's set up as a racetrack , we do n't really give the customers the chance to enjoy it as an efficient way to move . They 're under a lot of pressure to put in all their energy and get a good -LSB- lap -RSB- time . " Barnett said the first concern people usually have about Shweeb is that it might be hard work , but he said it 's anything but . "  Although it is pedal-powered like a bicycle , it 's got none of the resistances that are inherent in a bicycle , being that you 're riding feet-first into the wind with a very small frontal area , " he said . "  The wind resistance is really low compared to a bicycle . ... I can see people of any age and any fitness level being able to cover a kilometer -LSB- 0.62 miles -RSB- without any effort at all , let alone sweat . " Barnett envisions people using Shweeb -- which uses no fuel , no batteries and has no emissions -- for short trips in major urban centers where residential towers are relatively close to central business districts . That 's about the only place that Robert Lang , an expert in urban studies , could see it working out . Lang , a sociology professor and director of Brookings Mountain West at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas , says Shweeb might be a viable solution , but only in the few areas with a high population density . "  It would make sense in China and New York and places like that , but you would n't have that much opportunity through much of urban America , " Lang said . "  There 's not the imperative for congestion relief like there is in the center of London or New York . " Lang said he sees light-rail trains and plug-in hybrid vehicles , not Shweeb , as the future of urban transit because they fit existing expectations and institutions . "  It does n't require any change in behavior , " he said . As one might expect with any new technology , there are plenty of questions surrounding Shweeb . How large will the pods be ? Will there be room for cargo or another passenger ? Can they function in severe weather ? What about hills ? The Shweeb website has answers for all of these questions and more , but the system is still very much in the conceptual phase . For example , many people have expressed concern about slow riders holding up traffic on the monorail , where there 's nowhere to pass . Barnett says there would be no need to pass , however , because shock absorbers would allow the pods to stack together and let the faster people "  push " the slow rider in front . "  The Shweebs behind the front one can push it along so the front one is taking the wind resistance but all the ones behind her are basically extra engines to counter that wind resistance , " he said . "  They 'll act as a team . Everyone will just go up to a higher gear , and they 'll all pedal together and all their energies will be combined . " But Barnett acknowledges that he still needs more testing to make sure this idea works efficiently . So the next step for the company is to build a flat , straight track about a mile or so long . Barnett has been in talks with several sites about hosting the new test track , and he estimates that it is probably about a year and a half to two years away from completion . While there 's still a long way to go until his ultimate vision can be fulfilled , Barnett said he feels encouraged by Google 's vote of confidence . "  It just felt like a real affirmation of what I 've believed in for the last 10 years , and it just felt like what they wanted for a system that would change the world was exactly what I 've been trying to push for what feels like a lifetime now , " he said . "  But then on top of that , there 's also just a huge responsibility that you 've got all this goodwill from all around the world , and you 've got to not let them down . "	Shweeb , a pedal-powered monorail , wins $ 1 million from Google Inventor pushes "  a system that would change the world " Google says Shweeb could be a low-cost , eco-friendly solution to traffic woes But expert sees more potential in light-rail trains and plug-in hybrid cars
CNN  Manchester City and Chelsea , two of the richest clubs in world soccer , were knocked out of the English FA Cup by lower league opposition on a day of shocks and awe . At the Etihad Stadium , Manchester City -- who are the current Premier League champions and whose Middle Eastern owners have spent close to $ 1.5 billion assembling the most expensive squad in the league 's history -- lost to second tier Middlesbrough 2-0 . Frank Lampard looked to have secured a last minute draw but his free kick instead hit the post . A few seconds later Middlesbrough scored a second , securing a famous victory . Chelsea out But arguably the bigger shock took place In west London.At Stamford Bridge Chelsea , the current Premier League leaders who have looked imperious all season , took an early two goal lead against Bradford City , who play in English football 's third tier . An easy victory looked on the cards . But Chelsea somehow conspired to throw away their lead as Bradford City scored an incredible four goals without reply . It was the first time Chelsea have conceded four goals against opposition two leagues below them since the 1950s . Before the game Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho said it would be "  a disgrace " if his team lost Saturday 's game . He did n't mince his words after the match either . "  I am ashamed , " Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  The players should feel exactly the same . " Wow that still has n't sunk in ! What a day...2-0 down . Fans during and after game were unbelievable #everywherewego pic.twitter.com/z6ofDlVinX Giantkillers The English FA Cup has long been famous for its tradition of seeing smaller teams upsetting the odds and beating more established opposition . "  In this moment I feel happy for them . I am honest , " Mourinho said of Bradford City 's performance . The Portuguese coach , who has won the UEFA Champions League twice , visited Bradford City 's dressing room after the game and congratulated the team on their performance . "  This is beauty of the FA Cup , " he added . "  This happens here more than any other country . " More shocks Elsewhere it was n't a good day for the top half of the English Premier League . Southampton , who are currently third , were also knocked out after losing 3-2 to Crystal Palace whilst Tottenham Hotspur , in sixth , lost 2-1 to recently promoted Leicester City . Swansea , in ninth place , lost to Blackburn 3-1 . On Friday fifth placed Manchester United narrowly avoided losing to Cambridge United , who play in English football 's fourth tier . Louis Van Gaal 's expensively assembled team could not break down the fourth division team , who featured former Manchester United academy player Luke Chadwick , once a contemporary of David Beckham , Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs . The match finished 0-0 , securing Cambridge United -- whose entire yearly wage bill is the same as Argentina international Angel Di Maria 's monthly paycheck -- a replay at Old Trafford and a place in the fifth round draw . "  The atmosphere in the stadium with the crowd was fantastic , " Van Gaal told the BBC after the game . "  I can only give the credit to Cambridge United ... every aspect of the match was against us ; the pitch , the referee , everything . " Holders Arsenal through Sunday 's action went more to form , with holders Arsenal winning 3-2 at second-flight Brighton . Goals from Theo Walcott , Mesut Ozil and Tomas Rosicky put the Gunners 3-1 ahead although Sam Baldock 's late second for the home side led to a few late scares . Fellow EPL sides Aston Villa and West Ham also progressed with 2-1 and 1-0 wins over Bournemouth and Bristol City respectively .	Chelsea , Man City , Southampton , Tottenham out of the FA Cup Chelsea concede four goals against third tier opposition Manchester United held by Cambridge City Holders Arsenal win at second-flight Brighton
AOL Autos  -- With the explosive growth of the light truck segment as well as the impending onslaught of winter , I thought it would be fitting to write about four-wheel drive systems . There are a few different types available ; and there are special maintenance practices that might cause some confusion . So let 's get enlightened ! Four-wheel drive systems can make driving safer on wet road conditions . 4WD systems can be classified as Part Time 4WD , Full Time 4WD , and Permanent 4WD . Part Time 4WD is the most basic of all 4WD systems . It gives the driver the choice of driving in two-wheel drive or 4WD . That sounds pretty good ! However , the downside is that you should n't engage the 4WD on pavement unless it 's very slippery . That 's because , with this system , when you engage 4WD you lock the front and rear wheels together through the transmission and transfer gearbox . This is great for straight-ahead traction and very slippery surfaces . However , on dry pavement it makes for odd cornering , and handling characteristics . Also you can harm the drive train components by driving in 4WD for extended periods of time on dry pavement . Consequently , you may find yourself having to stop the vehicle to engage or disengage , depending on the road conditions . AOL Autos : Top 5 SUVs So why choose this type of system ? Two good reasons : • It 's less costly to build and therefore to buy • It 's very durable under heavy stress  generally more durable than the other 4WD systems , since it has fewer components Full Time 4WD is the most commonly used system on the market . Full Time 4WD offers both two-wheel drive mode and 4WD , depending on road conditions  driver must engage and disengage the 4WD  . In addition , the 4WD mode offers both a high and low mode for when the going really gets tough  driver shifts to high or low  . AOL Autos : Top 5 crossover vehicles Besides a transmission and transfer gearbox , a center differential couples the front and rear wheels . This differential allows the front and rear wheels to turn at different speeds as needed  unlike Part-Time 4WD system  for better handling . When the wheels start to spin due to slippery road conditions , the system reacts to wheel spin by progressively locking the front and rear wheels together to optimize traction . Although Full-Time 4WD requires the driver to engage it , once engaged it offers more "  control " through the high and low mode selection  based on road conditions  and better cornering and handling on varying road conditions due to the differential . AOL Autos : Best luxury wagons Permanent 4WD is similar to Full-Time 4WD but it has no two-wheel drive mode . The vehicle is always in 4WD , so you do n't have to determine whether conditions are right to engage it . AOL Autos : Cars with best Blue Book values We still have transmission , transfer gearbox and center differential coupling the front and rear wheels . The only difference is that torque  or power  is constantly being applied to all the wheels , giving maximum traction in all weather and road conditions . Current systems have high and low modes for when the going gets tough ; however , most importantly , the system does the thinking for you ... it automatically applies as much lock up  to all the wheels  as necessary for maximum traction . AOL Autos : Best-selling trucks and SUVs Next , a few definitions of common 4WD-drive terms that you may have heard of : Locking Differential - locks both wheels on the axle , forcing them to turn together to allow maximum traction Limited-Slip Differential - detects slippage in one wheel and sends torque to the other wheel that is not spinning . It operates is automatically . On-The-Fly-Shifting - allows the 4WD to be engaged while driving the vehicle  many systems require that you stop the vehicle in order to engage the 4WD  . Manual Hubs - In order for 4WD to work , you must have a means of engaging the front wheel drive mechanism . This is done through the front hubs . On vehicles equipped with manual hubs , the operator must manually "  lock in " the front wheels by turning a mechanical switch . Automatic Hubs - Instead of manually "  locking in " the front wheels in order to drive in 4WD , automatic hubs "  lock in " the front wheels by a simple flip of an electrical switch in the comfort of your warm , cushy , SUV or pickup . Transfer Gearbox - an auxiliary gearbox attached to the transmission , which allows you to shift into a high and low range of 4WD for serious pulling or hauling . 4WD Maintenance Tips 4X4s have a transfer case , locking hubs , and front and rear differentials  some have an additional center-coupling differential  . The maintenance of the transfer case is the same as on a standard transmission . Therefore , when checking the fluid , you are checking for  1  proper level ,  2  the presence of moisture ,  3  the presence of wear particles ... either in the form of metal or friction material . A small amount of wear material is acceptable . However , excessive wear material can be an indication of a problem . One of three types of lubricants is used , depending on the carmaker . These lubricants are : ATF  Automatic Transmission Fluid  , 30W motor oil , or 90W-gear oil . The maintenance interval  which involves changing the lubricant  for transfer cases that use ATF and 30W motor oil is every 50,000 miles . For 90W gear oil the recommended interval is 80,000 miles . In regards to the locking hubs , maintenance is extremely critical . Locking hubs come in two forms : automatic and manual . Regardless of which one you have , they must be disassembled , cleaned and lubricated every two years or 24,000 miles . Snow , ice , water , salt , and mud usually find their way into these mechanized units , rendering them useless and costing the owner big bucks ! By keeping up the maintenance on them you minimize expense and downtime . With respect to differential maintenance , there 's not a whole lot to do except check the fluid level every oil change and visually inspect for any leakage . The technician should check the gear lubricant for proper level , color , and consistency . Low lubricant level indicates a leak ; a milky color indicates moisture in the lubricant ; and the presence of metal in the lubricant indicates mechanical wear . Check your owner 's manual for the recommended fluid change intervals . And check your owner 's manual for specific operating instructions of your 4X4 system because the various systems function differently . There you have it , four wheeling made easy . Now go out and climb a mountain ! Tom Torbjornsen is a veteran of 37 years in the auto service industry , an automotive journalist registered with IMPA .	Vehicles can have Part Time 4WD , Full Time 4WD or Permanent 4WD Part Time 4WD : Do n't drive for extended time on dry pavement with 4WD engaged Full Time 4WD offers both two-wheel drive mode and 4WD Maintenance is extremely critical for locking hubs on 4WD vehicles
CNN  -- Michaele Salahi , best known for crashing a White House state dinner with her husband last year , suffers from multiple sclerosis , according to a new book released Wednesday . Salahi 's wafer-thin frame has often prompted rumors of anorexia , including from her castmate Lynda Erkiletian in the Bravo reality show , "  The Real Housewives of DC . " However , according to the book , the 44-year-old has suffered from multiple sclerosis for nearly 17 years . According to a news release , "  Cirque du Salahi : Be Careful Who You Trust " will also dissect how the media got the story of the White House gate-crashing "  wrong from the get-go . " The Virginia couple slipped through White House security and shook hands with President Barack Obama in November despite not being on the guest list for a state dinner for the prime minister of India . They also had their pictures taken with Vice President Joe Biden and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The book claims to lay out details on when and why the Salahis were invited to the dinner . Author Diane Dimond apparently also outlines the reasons why the couple did not publicly offer an explanation . "  On attorney 's advice , and because of their ` iron-clad ' contracts with Bravo ,  the network on which she appears for "  The Real Housewives of DC "  , the Salahis felt they could not defend themselves -- not even when called before a committee of the United States Congress . Only now , that the danger of a possible federal indictment has faded with time , do they feel they can tell their side of the story . " Under questioning from the House Homeland Security Committee in January , husband , Tareq Salahi , repeated over and over again , "  On the advice of counsel , I respectfully assert my right to remain silent and decline to answer your question . " The book says the couple has received death threats , subjected to late night TV ridicule and , in one instance , "  Michaele barely escaped flipping her car during a high speed chase with paparazzi . " "  We hope now that the book is out , America does n't look upon us as criminals and crashers any longer , " the couple said in a statement . "  We also want America to know that you can still have a full , exciting and productive life even if you or your loved one is battling a debilitating , chronic disease such as MS. " Multiple sclerosis is a potentially debilitating disease in which the body 's immune system eats away at the protective sheath that covers the nerves . This leads to an interference in communication between the brain and the rest of the body . It affects 400,000 people in the United States , according to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society .	Salahi has suffered from multiple sclerosis for nearly 17 years , book says Couple are best known for slipping into a state dinner Book says it will lay out when and why the Salahis were invited
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Authorities in Argentina 's Tierra del Fuego province denied entry Monday to two cruise liners that were seeking to dock in the southern port of Ushuaia , in incidents linked to the political dispute over the Falkland Islands . The government was applying a provincial law barring ships traveling under British colony flags from docking at the port , said the state-run Telam news agency . Both ships were registered in Bermuda , a British territory . One of the ships -- the Star Princess -- departed Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on February 18 on a 14-night South America cruise . "  Because the ship had previously called at Stanley , it was denied entry to Ushuaia , " said Julie Benson , a spokeswoman for Carnival Corp. . She was referring to the port city in the Falkland Islands , which are referred to in Argentina as Las Malvinas . "  We are extremely disappointed about this alteration of the cruise itinerary , and are refunding the cost of shore excursions purchased by our passengers , " she said in an e-mail . The ship is continuing to its next scheduled port of call , Punta Arenas , Chile . The 289-meter  nearly 950-foot  luxury liner , which has a capacity of 2,600 passengers , had docked in Ushuaia several times in recent years , she said . The P&O cruise liner Adonia , which is on a South American tour from Southampton , England , with an almost entirely British contingent of passengers , got a similar reception on Monday . The ship "  was this morning refused permission for its scheduled docking in the Argentinian port of Ushuaia by the local mayor on the grounds that it had visited the Falklands Islands two days before , " said CNN contributor Robin Oakley , who was aboard the Adonis as a lecturer . Both P&O Cruises and Princess Cruises are Carnival Corporation cruise brands . The law cited was passed last August and refers to ships that carry out "  work related to the exploration and exploitation of natural resources , or to military vessels , within the ambit of the basin of the Malvinas Islands on the Argentinean continental platform , " Telam reported . The head of the province 's port authority , Alejandro Berola , said that the decision to turn away the ships was made following "  express instructions " from Gov. Fabiana Rios , the news agency said . Ship authorities were informed of the decision Monday morning as they sailed through the Beagle Canal in front of the Chilean city of Port Williams . Last month , the Star Princess was denied entry into the Port of Stanley when 74 passengers and crew out of a total of 3,652 had gotten sick after the liner stopped in Ushuaia . The Falklands ' authorities cited the illnesses as the reason for the denial . The president of the tourism board of Usuaia , Marcelo Lieti , said Monday 's incident "  had nothing to do with the Malvinas subject , " according to Telam . "  It 's necessary to treat the question with much care , " he said . "  We all defend Malvinas , but the tourist ships have nothing to do with the request for sovereignty , " he told Radio Provincia of Ushuaia . In 1982 , after Argentina invaded the islands , it fought -- and lost -- a two-month undeclared war with Britain . Still , Argentina continues to press its claim to the islands , which are home to more than 3,000 people , most of them of British descent . In Buenos Aires , a group of intellectuals expressed unhappiness with the way the Argentine government is handling the matter of the sovereignty of the Malvinas . "  The policy that the government is carrying out , in reality , is distancing us from the Malvinas instead of getting us nearer , " said Jorge Latana , a journalist who has proposed greater cultural integration with the islands ' inhabitants . "  Return to before 1982 . In Argentina , it is very odd the way one thinks about Malvinas , because the public thinks of it as if no one lived there . It is like a thing of magical thought ; that one day we take it and it will be ours . And that is not real . " Santiago Kovadloff , a philosopher , said the incident has nothing to do with sweeping away the British culture that is pervasive in the Falklands . "  They have the right to determine what they want to be . It 's not for us to impose a culture they do n't want . " Latana said that Argentina was being inconsistent . The country contains "  a mountain of English businesses " that are exploiting the country 's natural resources . "  And they are sending money out of the country . In that sense , the government is speaking out both sides of its mouth . On one hand it is attacking England through the Malvinas and on the other it is favoring some businesses to exploit minerals . It 's a policy that is half schizophrenic . " CNN 's Tom Watkins and Jose Manuel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Incidents occurred Monday in Tierra del Fuego province Two ships were denied entry to the port of Ushuaia Report : Argentina cites law barring ships sailing under British colony flags A dispute between Argentina and Great Britain over the Falklands goes back decades
CNN  -- They may not beat the Duggars for sheer number of children , but this couple in Michigan has their own kind of reality-TV-worthy reproduction streak going on . Kateri and Jay Schwandt of Rockford have 12 sons and no daughters , all conceived naturally , according to the Detroit Free Press . The odds of that happening are approximately 1 in 4,000 . "  Star Wars ' " C-3PO says you have a better chance of navigating an asteroid field successfully than of duplicating their streak . Better yet ? Baby No. 13 is due in May , and Kateri , at least , is hoping for another boy . The odds of the couple having 13 sons in a row is about 1 in 8,000 . Of course , that 's not as unlikely as say , winning the Mega Millions jackpot  odds : 1 in 175,711,536  . But it 's awfully close to your risk of being struck by lightning . Here are some other birth odds : Odds of having a boy : 1 in 2 Odds of having a girl : 1 in 2 Odds of having natural identical twins : About 1 in 250 Odds of having conjoined twins : About 1 in 200,000 Odds of twins giving birth on the same day : 1 in 400,000 Odds of having natural triplets : About 1 in 8,100 Odds of having natural quadruplets : About 1 in 700,000 CNN 's Curt Merrill contributed to this story .	A couple in Michigan has 12 sons and no daughters Baby number 13 is on the way ; they do n't know its sex Odds that anyone could have 13 boys in a row : about 1 in 8,000
CNN  -- Officials in some Gulf Coast states spent the third anniversary of Hurricane Katrina on Friday gearing up for what could be the biggest threat to the region since Katrina hit in 2005 . New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin attends a ceremony Friday honoring Hurricane Katrina victims . Hurricane Gustav is poised to pass near or over the Cayman Islands on Friday night and over western portions of Cuba on Saturday . It may approach the U.S. Gulf Coast by Tuesday morning as a Category 2 or 3 hurricane , the National Hurricane Center said Friday . "  Today , on that third anniversary , we 've got to be thinking about the future , " Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour said . "  As we pray for the best , we 're going to prepare for the worst , " Barbour announced Friday that Hurricane Katrina victims living in government-issued trailers or mobile homes along his state 's coast will begin evacuating this weekend to prepare for the Gustav 's possible arrival . The process will begin Saturday , with notices going out to people living in Federal Emergency Management Agency trailers or mobile homes , as well as people living in more permanent structures known as "  Mississippi cottages , " he said . Watch the Gulf Coast states prepare for Gustav " The evacuation will begin in Harrison and Hancock counties on Sunday morning , Barbour said . Evacuation in Jackson County will begin Monday . About 4,300 families live in FEMA trailers or mobile homes , and 2,800 live in Mississippi cottages , the governor 's office said . He said he would urge people living in privately owned mobile homes to evacuate as well . President Bush declared an emergency in Louisiana on Friday , freeing up federal aid and allowing FEMA to coordinate relief efforts . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has declared a state of emergency and urged residents to update their evacuation plans . He said residents in certain southern parishes could be asked to leave Friday or Saturday . In Plaquemines Parish , where Hurricane Katrina roared ashore as a Category 3 storm days after its initial landfall in Florida , Parish President Billy Nungesser called for a mandatory evacuation beginning at noon Saturday . Residents of the community of Grand Isle in Jefferson Parish were urged to begin voluntary evacuations Friday afternoon , and voluntary evacuations for Jean Lafitte , Crown Point , Barataria and areas outside the levee protection system are recommended beginning at noon Saturday , the parish said in a news release . St. Bernard Parish , which was beginning transport Friday for those who would need assistance , said it expected to call a mandatory evacuation Saturday afternoon . In New Orleans , which has yet to fully recover from Hurricane Katrina , Mayor Ray Nagin on Thursday urged residents living in FEMA units to make evacuation plans in case city officials order them to leave . Watch Sean Callebs report on if New Orleans is prepared " "  Travel trailers are unsafe during heavy winds , " he said . "  As we continue to monitor and prepare for the possibility of Hurricane Gustav , I want all of our citizens to make certain they have a plan for leaving the trailers when advised to do so . " As of early this week , there were 2,829 FEMA trailers in Orleans Parish , the mayor 's office said . The city has designated 17 sites for people without transportation to board buses that would take them out of the city in the event of a mandatory evacuation . The city also arranged with Amtrak for more than 7,000 seats to evacuate the elderly by train , said Jerry Sneed of City Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness . Signs of mobilization were apparent at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport , where nearly every departure gate had long lines of elderly people in wheelchairs . Rental car counters normally attended by tourists were filled with relief workers from the Red Cross and the Fire Department of New York 's Disaster Assistance Response Team . The DART team consisted of retired New York firefighters , jovial men with graying hair and larger waistlines . Many are volunteers assisting the Red Cross who were in New York during the September 11 attacks and wanted to give back . The 40-member DART team of heavy-equipment operators , truck drivers and registered nurses was headed to Alexandria , Louisiana , to set up an evacuation shelter . After the storm , the team will feed , shelter and re-supply people in the areas affected by Gustav . "  Whatever small way you 're able to help , it 's a great feeling , " said Kevin Wallace , a 23-year FDNY veteran who 's helped after six disasters . "  Whatever they need us to do , we do . " All 2,500 inmates in Orleans Parish would be bused out from state and local facilities , Orleans Parish Criminal Sheriff Marlin Gusman told the New Orleans Times-Picayune . New Orleans Police Chief Warren Riley said this week that hundreds of officers will be posted in the uptown , downtown , Central City and West Bank areas to ensure an adequate law enforcement presence in the event of an emergency . During Katrina , many New Orleans officers were accused of leaving their posts as widespread crime and looting permeated the city . Sixty-seven officers were fired for it , Riley said . In addition to the police department 's actions , at least 1,500 Louisiana National Guard members arrived in New Orleans on Friday . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said his concerns for New Orleans are twofold . First , he was worried about areas of potential weakness in the levee system , which he said the Army Corps of Engineers monitor closely , and second , rainfall . "  You can build levees that are 100 feet high ; it 's not going to keep the rain out of the city . A very , very intense period of rain could flood the city , because the pace of the rainfall could exceed the ability to pump out of the city , " he said . The only thing to do was prepare , he said . "  We evacuate ; we protect the integrity of the levees ; we continue to strengthen the levees ; that 's part of a total system of really driving down the risk to the people of New Orleans , " he said . The Louisiana National Guard has requested 20 helicopters from eight states to replace its helicopter air assault battalion , which is now serving in Iraq with its 20 UH-60 Black Hawks . The Guard is asking for UH-60 helicopters for search and rescue , as well as CH-47s , Chinooks , which could drop large sandbags if the levees are breached . A 40-person aviation headquarters unit also is being requested and probably will be provided by the Arkansas National Guard to handle air traffic control and communications for any air operations that might be needed . In Texas , Gov. Rick Perry pre-emptively declared an emergency in 61 Texas counties . He said also the state had agreed to take into its shelters several thousand Louisiana residents , should they evacuate . CNN 's John Couwels , Chris Lawrence , Barbara Starr , Eric Marropodi and Kim Segal contributed to this report .	NEW : Disaster response teams arrive in New Orleans as elderly fill airports Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour says evacuations will begin Sunday in two counties Grand Isle area of Jefferson Parish urged to begin voluntary evacuations Texas Gov. Rick Perry pre-emptively declare emergency in 61 counties
CNN  -- Wladimir Klitschko has told reporters that he is finally looking forward to silencing David Haye , when the two face each other for their eagerly-awaited heavyweight showdown in Hamburg on July 2 . The pair gave their first press conference on Monday ahead of the fight , and 35-year-old Klitschko made it clear that he has had enough of the insults thrown at him by his British opponent . Klitschko , who holds the International Boxing Federation  IBF  and World Boxing Organization  WBO  versions of the belt , said : "  All this hype and interest is great for the division . "  But there will come a time when the talking stops and we find out who is the real champion , " added the Ukrainian , who has now recovered from an abdominal injury that has troubled him recently . "  The man has been promoting himself and insulting the Klitschko brothers in a disrespectful way -- but this fight is exciting for the division and I am thrilled it will happen . "  I still have to give a lot of respect to David Haye , he is a really exciting fighter , he is a really good puncher , he 's very quick . "  It 's not going to be an easy job for me , but I know what to expect and I know what to do . "  They will be 12 long rounds and I hope he wo n't give up or get knocked out . My plan is to hold him up until the final fight and then knock him out , " added Klitschko . Meanwhile , Haye , who holds the World Boxing Association  WBA  version of the title , continued his onslaught on Klitschko , saying : "  I believe he is a fraud , down to the fact he wears shoulder pads into the ring and he only picks the guys who he knows he can beat . "  I am good at exposing frauds , as I showed in my last fight , " added Haye , who beat ex-Olympic champion Audley Harrison inside three rounds last November . "  I will make it a bit more exciting this time . "	Wladimir Klitschko has told reporters he is looking forward to silencing David Haye Klitschko tells reporters he has had enough of the insults thrown at him by Haye The two met for the first time on Monday ahead of their July 2 Hamburg showdown
CNN  -- Sometimes it seems that Abu Dhabi , despite being one of the richest cities on earth , is uncertain of its identity : much of its new architecture is heavily influenced by European examples rather than a desert or Gulf vernacular . British designer Thomas Heatherwick aims to change that . "  Some of the parks that have existed here have been based on the romantic notion of a European park . It 's as if someone went to Paris and said , ` ooh , that 's a nice park , ' and rolled it up and dropped it on top of the desert , " notes Thomas Heatherwick , the British designer of the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics cauldron and the London Routemaster bus . Heatherwick is hoping to renew the UAE capital 's pride of place . His weapon of choice ? A cracked , underground park that embraces both the natural aesthetic and flora indigenous to the land . "  There can be a mentality that can easily exist here that sees the desert as a surface to be covered up , instead of maybe celebrating its uniqueness , " says Heatherwick , who recently unveiled plans for proposed 1.3-million-square-foot Al Fayah Park . On the outside , the public space will resemble a 65-feet high mound of parched earth . Heatherwick imagines it as a space where residents will congregate to picnic , or catch an outdoor concert . Underneath the dome  which is really a patchwork of canopies held up by several columns  will live lush gardens  including date palms and a community vegetable patch  , streams and pools , cafes , and a public library . "  The amazing thing about living in a city , in a place where people live in close proximity to each other , are those times when you want to see your fellow citizens , when you want to be amongst them and have your mind move forward , " Heatherwick notes . "  Unlike in London , where you can go for a walk down the street , the extreme climate in Abu Dhabi limits your options . That kind of socializing tends to happen mainly in shopping malls , " explains Heatherwick . Al Fayah Park , he hopes , will be offer the city 's residents a viable alternative . The domed park will also give the otherwise flat city an undulating quality . "  It 's almost two stories in the middle . It 's almost like Abu Dhabi 's first hill , " he says . To reduce the nation 's carbon footprint , Heatherwick has also opted to mix concrete from desert sand , eliminating the need to rely on imports . Furthermore , the shade provided by the rooftop will also reduce the amount of desalinated water needed to irrigate the plants underneath by restricting evaporation . "  The partial shade will mean we can use half the quantity of water that the current site used , and create more lushness in the process , " he says .	British designer Thomas Heatherwick recently unveiled plans for Al Fayah Park The park will be covered with a dome that resembles a parched desert landscape Underneath , the park will have pools , streams and lush community gardens
CNN  -- The woman and children held captive in a cellar for years by their incestuous father will take years to recover from their disturbing ordeal , doctors warned Wednesday as the family at the center of the case remained in psychiatric care . The bathroom used by Elizabeth Fritzl , who was held captive for more than two decades , and her three children . Members of the Fritzl family will also be offered the chance to adopt new identities in an effort to help them lead normal lives , officials said . Hans-Heinz Lenze , the head of local social services said the family was "  doing as well as can be expected in the circumstances " and said any change of identity would be the family 's decision . Elizabeth Fritzl -- now 42 -- spent more than two decades in the windowless basement after being drugged , handcuffed and locked up by her father , Josef Fritzl , as an 18-year-old . Repeatedly raped , she gave birth to seven children by Fritzl , one of whom died as an infant . Three of the children -- Kerstin , 19 ; Stefan , 18 ; and Felix , 5 -- remained imprisoned underground with their mother . The other three lived in an apartment upstairs with Fritzl and his wife who believed Elizabeth had abandoned them after running away from home . Elizabeth and five of the children were continuing to receive treatment at a local clinic near Amstetten after being reunited on Sunday . Kerstin , whose hospitalization at the weekend finally brought the family 's plight to the attention of authorities , remained in a coma at a nearby hospital . "  It is astonishing how easy it worked that the children came together , and also it was astonishing how easy it happened that the grandmother and the mother came together , " clinic director Berthold Kepplinger said . But Kepplinger warned that the family would require extensive counseling . "  We 're talking of 20 years of darkness , incest and its effects and other illnesses they might have suffered from . " Kepplinger said the two sets of children were tentatively getting to know one another , adding that the two boys who had lived underground had an unusual way of communicating with each other . A policeman who had accompanied the boys to hospital after their discovery on Sunday said the pair had "  screamed with excitement " during the car journey as they experienced the outside world for the first time . "  The two boys appeared overawed by the daylight they had never experienced before , " said Chief Inspector Leopold Etz . "  The real world was completely alien to them ... We had to drive very slowly with them because they cringed at every car light and every bump . It was as if we had just landed on the moon . " In an interview with the Austrian newspaper , Oesterreich , psychiatrist Max Friedrich , who treated the abducted teenager Natascha Kampusch , estimated it would take "  between five and eight years " for the children to recover from their experiences . Another psychologist , Bernd Prosser , told Austrian television that it would be impossible for the four held prisoner underground to lead normal lives . "  I am afraid it is too late for that . " Kampusch , the Austrian girl abducted as a 10-year-old and held captive in a basement for more than eight years until she escaped in 2007 , also offered her help to the family on Tuesday , but questioned the decision to move them from the cellar into psychiatric care . "  Pulling them abruptly out of this situation , without transition , to hold them and isolating them to some extent , it ca n't be good for them , " said Kampusch , now 20 , in an interview with Austrian TV station Puls 4 . "  I believe it might have been even better to leave them where they were , but that was probably impossible . This case is not like mine , where that was not my environment . They were born there and I can imagine that there is a strong attachment to that place . " E-mail to a friend	Austrian family held captive in a cellar will take years to recover , doctors say Family are undergoing treatment at a local psychiatric clinic Children kept underground may never lead normal lives , psychiatrist warns Family have been offered opportunity to adopt new identities
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The New York Times endorsed Arizona Sen. John McCain for the Republican presidential nomination over Rudy Giuliani and the rest of the GOP field , strongly criticizing the former mayor of its home city . Sens. John McCain , left , and Rudy Giuliani took part in a debate in Florida on Thursday . In endorsements posted on its Web site for Friday 's editions , the Times also endorsed New York Sen. Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination . "  Senator John McCain of Arizona is the only Republican who promises to end the George Bush style of governing from and on behalf of a small , angry fringe , " the paper 's editorial board wrote . "  With a record of working across the aisle to develop sound bipartisan legislation , he would offer a choice to a broader range of Americans than the rest of the Republican field . " The endorsement anticipated readers asking how the New York paper could reject Giuliani , a man it endorsed for re-election in 1997 and praised for his work cleaning up crime in the city and during the time of the September 11 , 2001 attacks . "  That man is not running for president , " the paper wrote . "  The Rudolph Giuliani of 2008 first shamelessly turned the horror of 9/11 into a lucrative business , with a secret client list , then exploited his city 's and the country 's nightmare to promote his presidential campaign , " the paper writes , describing Giuliani as "  a narrow , obsessively secretive , vindictive man . " Giuliani played down the harsh words , suggesting that the Times has a liberal editorial staff that often disapproved of him . "  I probably never did anything the New York Times suggested I do in eight years as mayor of New York City , and if I did , I would n't be considered a conservative Republican , " Giuliani said during a Republican debate Thursday night hosted by MSNBC in Boca Raton , Florida . "  I changed welfare , I changed quality of life , I took on homelessness -- I did all the things that they think makes you mean and I believe show true compassion and true love for people . " His was n't the only Republican campaign taking that tack . An e-mail from the campaign of former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney sarcastically noted that McCain had been endorsed by " -LSB- t -RSB- hat bastion of conservative advocacy . " The editorial was hardly full of praise for McCain , despite calling him a "  genuine war hero " and a "  staunch advocate of campaign finance reform . " "  Mr. McCain was one of the first prominent Republicans to point out how badly the war in Iraq was being managed . We wish he could now see as clearly past the temporary victories produced by Mr. Bush 's unsustainable escalation , which have not led to any change in Iraq 's murderous political calculus , " it reads . "  At the least , he owes Americans a real idea of how he would win this war , which he says he can do . " The paper praised Clinton 's chief rival , Sen. Barack Obama , but called Clinton more qualified for the job . "  It is unfair , especially after seven years of Mr. Bush 's inept leadership , but any Democrat will face tougher questioning about his or her fitness to be commander in chief , " it reads . "  Mrs. Clinton has more than cleared that bar , using her years in the Senate well to immerse herself in national security issues , and has won the respect of world leaders and many in the American military . " The Democratic editorial contrasts Clinton and Obama -- calling her "  the brilliant if at times harsh-sounding senator from New York " and him "  the incandescent if still undefined senator from Illinois . " The paper says Clinton "  sometimes overstates the importance of -LSB- her -RSB- resume , " but that upon hearing "  her policies and answers for America 's big problems , we are hugely impressed by the depth of her knowledge , by the force of her intellect and by the breadth of , yes , her experience . " New York is one of a host of states that will vote during the February 5 Super Tuesday primaries . E-mail to a friend	Paper rips Rudy Giuliani as "  a narrow , obsessively secretive , vindictive man " Giuliani responds : I would n't be a conservative Republican if I did what paper wanted Opinion piece says McCain will "  end the George Bush style of governing " Paper praises Barack Obama but calls Hillary Clinton more qualified for the job
CNN  -- Golf was considered a sport of the capitalist elite and banned in Eastern Europe under the rule of communist regimes -- but in the 20 years since the Berlin Wall has fallen there has been a renaissance of the game in the region . Gary Player has overseen the development of two courses on the Black Sea coast in Bulgaria . With rising disposable income and an increasing interest in leisure pursuits , a growing number of courses , more television coverage and availability of EU funds , the future of the industry in Eastern Europe is bright . Bulgaria is one country where the sport is on the up . Eight years ago there were no golf courses but -- to fulfil the increasing domestic demand and as a means to attract tourists to the region -- the country could be set for a boom in golf development . Kancho Stoychev , vice president of Bulgarian Golf , believes that despite there being only 200 registered players in a country whose population is eight million there is set to be an explosion of interest in the sport . See CNN 's Justin Armsden 's report on the development of golf in Eastern Europe . " "  It is an absurdly low figure , but now I believe that there 'll be a switch because we have six nice golf courses , " Stoychev told CNN . "  We can already see there is a high increase in interest and it 'll evolve quite quickly . "  We have some advantages in Bulgaria . We have an excellent coastlines , we are a small country but very diverse , so the country is geographically and naturally perfect for golf . " The potential in Eastern Europe has also been recognized by golf legend Gary Player , whose course design company has been working on projects in the region . Having just opened a course in Poland , Player 's design company is building two more in Bulgaria - BlackSeaRama which is already open , and Thracian Cliffs which is scheduled to be finished by July 2010 . Player told CNN : "  You want to take golf to new areas , like Poland , you want to bring it to Bulgaria , where people never thought that they could play golf where people associated golf with just rich people . "  You can play down here along the ocean and ten minutes up the mountain you have a links course , which is the complete opposite , people who love golf will be in for a golfing treat . " The knock-on effect of the presence of a high-profile name such as Player in the region ensures it has caught the eye of influential figures within the industry . Ryan Lauder , director of marketing at TaylorMade added : "  Eastern Europe is coming along , although there is still not the number of golfers or golf courses that we have in Western Europe , looking to the future it is a great opportunity for us . "	Golf has made progress in Eastern Europe since the collapse of communism Developments in Bulgaria have seen six courses open in the past eight years Gary Player has designed courses in several Eastern European countries The region has a great potential for development of golf in the future
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- A Malaysia Airlines flight to South Korea made an emergency landing in Hong Kong early Monday after its main electrical generator stopped working , the airline said . The plane , an Airbus A330-300 , landed in Hong Kong safely around 3 a.m. , Malaysia Airlines said , and the 271 passengers on board have been transferred onto flights with other airlines . The reason for the diversion of Malaysia Airlines Flight 066 was "  an inoperative aircraft generator , which supplies normal electrical power , " the company said . Electrical power continued to be supplied by the plane 's auxiliary power unit , it said . Malaysia Airlines is in the international spotlight following the disappearance more than two weeks ago of one of its passenger jets with 239 people on board . That plane , Flight 370 , was on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing when it vanished over Southeast Asia . The flight that was diverted Monday set off from Kuala Lumpur at 11:37 p.m. Sunday and was scheduled to arrive at 6:50 a.m. the next day at Incheon International Airport , the main airport serving the South Korean capital , Seoul . Hong Kong airport said it received a call at 2:30 a.m. alerting it of the flight 's urgent change of course and placed local teams on standby . The plane made its emergency landing without any problems about half an hour later . The scheduled return flight from Incheon to Kuala Lumpur has been canceled , Malaysia Airlines said , and passengers have been placed on other flights . CNN 's Sarita Harilela reported from Kuala Lumpur , and Jethro Mullen wrote this report from Hong Kong . CNN 's Licia Yee contributed to this report .	The plane 's electrical generator stopped working , the airline says It was diverted to Hong Kong , where it landed safely The flight was meant to go to Incheon airport in South Korea Malaysia Airlines is in the spotlight over its missing Flight 370
When we go to major sporting events , my kids love to play the "  Shuffle Hat " game on the Jumbotron screen . A ball is placed under a hat , and the hats are shuffled around quickly to distract you . If you keep your eye on the hat with the ball , you can usually find it . The public increasingly faces a similar shell game with climate science information . Every four to six years , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change assesses and reviews the most recent science , technology and societal impacts related to climate change . Created in 1988 by the United Nations and the World Meteorological Organization , the IPCC will begin the roll out of its fifth assessment report this week . In an era where some give more credence to climate predictions from rodents or almanacs , clarity is needed . U.N. climate change panel releases last science For me , the hat with the ball from the IPCC report is that it continues to affirm that our planet is warming , and humans are a significant contributor to the warming . Andrew Dessler , professor and author of "  Introduction to Modern Climate Change , " noted in a recent phone conversation the remarkable consistency in the main conclusions of every previous IPCC report . The analysis also provides measured thoughts on implications for the frequency and intensity of certain extreme weather events . Extreme weather and climate directly affect many aspects of society , including public health , agriculture and national security . Navy Adm. Samuel Locklear , commander of the U.S. Pacific Command , has noted that climate change is the biggest new threat to Pacific security . Recently , an elderly man from my church said , "  Doc , what 's going on ? The weather is different . " For a public increasingly inquisitive about what they see around them , it is important to be aware of the distracting hats whizzing around and to keep your eye on the hat with the ball . Many recent discussions have focused on "  uncertainty . " Yes , topics of uncertainty exist in climate science as in any science , but this does not render the science unusable . Most readers would take an umbrella or expect rain if the weather forecast called for a 95 % or greater chance of rain . How silly would it sound to say , "  Do n't bother getting an umbrella because there is 5 % uncertainty in that forecast " ? Climate change may increase violence , study shows Dessler characterized the fuss over climate uncertainty in the new report this way : "  The change that has everyone in a tizzy is a slight enlargement of one side of the error bar  range of error for climate sensitivity  . If that 's the biggest change , then things are not changing very much . " Another way of thinking about it is : How silly would it be for a father and mother to argue about whether their child is going to have a fever of 101.5 or 102 ? High profile legal cases like the O.J. Simpson or George Zimmerman trials have increased public understanding of "  reasonable doubt . " Environmental Health News ' Peter Dykstra made a point that resonated with me . Science does n't operate on a "  reasonable doubt " basis . If so , I suppose we would take our chances and not grab an umbrella because that 95 % chance of rain is not 100 % . Similarly , would most parents not take action because the pediatrician 's diagnosis has some uncertainty ? It is important to understand and respect the scientific process . It operates differently than a court system , business decision or legislation . The peer-reviewed science literature provides a mechanism to publish , scrutinize and test climate science . In the United States , the Food and Drug Administration ensures that our foods and medicines are safe . Peer review serves a similar role for science . Good science inherently involves skepticism . However , regardless of the side of an issue , if the skepticism is always one-directional , is it skepticism or bias ? Recently , the IPCC has been criticized for being too slow or too big . This is a fair discussion to have , but it should n't distract us from the findings in the latest report . Science requires time to sort out the truth from fiction , for theories to be tested or challenged . It is not well suited for tweets and blogs , which allow "  zombie theories " -- ideas that have been debunked but continue to live on . Along these lines , some publications are removing or limiting online comments in order to protect scientific integrity . As I write this commentary , I am watching football highlights . I debate football vigorously with my friends , but we always walk away friends . Irrespective of viewpoint , calling people "  deniers " or "  warmists " is counterproductive and inflammatory . There are deep-rooted feelings that have created zealotry , and at times , all sides have crossed lines of civility . I am proud to say that I enjoy very solid collegial and personal relationships with people who I sometimes disagree with on climate science . Climate sticker shock : Arctic thaw could cost $ 60 trillion On the eve of the IPCC 's fifth assessment report , I still have faith in the scientific method , the common sense and keen eye of people , and human courtesy . These things will keep our hat with the ball .	The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change releases its fifth assessment report Friday J. Marshall Shepherd : The report affirms that our planet is warming and humans are a factor He says extreme weather and climate affect our health , agriculture and national security Shepherd : Despite uncertainty , analysis shows warming that we should n't ignore
Former Vice President Dick Cheney called a Senate panel 's report on U.S. interrogation tactics during George W. Bush 's administration is "  deeply flawed " and a "  terrible piece of work . " "  The report 's full of crap , " he said in an interview with Fox News on Wednesday evening . Bush 's Republican vice president insisted that the Central Intelligence Agency 's rough tactics -- which the report said included mock executions , beatings , "  rectal rehydration " and feeding , sleep deprivation and more -- helped the United States "  catch the bastards who killed 3,000 of us on 9/11 . " "  It did in fact produce actionable intelligence that was vital in the success of keeping the country safe from further attacks , " he said . Asked specifically about the rectal rehydration instance detailed in the report , Cheney said : "  I do n't know anything about that specific instance -- I ca n't speak to that . " He also said he had n't actually read the report . Its full 6,000 pages have n't been released , but a lengthy summary was issued Tuesday . Cheney said he 'd "  seen parts of it . I read summaries of it . " Contrary to the report 's conclusion that Bush did n't know the extent of the CIA 's efforts , Cheney said the President was involved in discussions about the interrogation techniques , and that Bush even pointed out some of those conversations in a book he wrote after leaving office . He said he has no regrets about the tactics used after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , al Qaeda attacks . "  I think what needed to be done was done , " Cheney said . "  I think we were perfectly justified in doing it . And I 'd do it again in a minute . " Opinion : What Cheney gets wrong on torture	Dick Cheney called the Senate Intelligence Committee 's report on CIA interrogation techniques a "  terrible piece of work " He said he has no regrets about the tactics used after the 9/11 terrorist attacks
LONDON , England -- A huge crowd gathered in London , UK on Friday for a mass "  moonwalk " -- paying tribute to Michael Jackson by dancing to his most iconic songs and replicating his famous walk . Two young fans who say Michael Jackson meant a lot to them donned self-made T-shirts at the event in London . The horde of people gathered on the streets outside Liverpool Street train station , one of the city 's major transport hubs , and burst out into cheers , chants and dances to the tunes of "  Billie Jean , " "  Bad " and "  Thriller . " Life-long Jackson fan Milo Yiannopoulos organized the moonwalk , the singer 's trademark backwards shuffle , by sending messages via Twitter and Facebook . His messages went "  viral " -- spreading like wildfire around the Internet -- as the number of people wanting to join his impromptu "  flash mob " event far exceeded his expectations : "  I do n't know what I 've unleashed here , " Yiannopoulos , who said he does n't even know how to moonwalk , told CNN . He came up with the ideas "  because of all of the stuff people are saying about Michael Jackson -- surgeries , molestation etc. -- I wanted to do something to remind people how great he really is and remind them of his music . " But those who were there did not seem to need much reminding of Jackson 's greatness . "  He is the biggest idol in my life . Unfortunately , I did not grow up with all his best hits , but he has been so important for me . I am very sad , " said 13-year-old Paul Graham , who wore a self-made Michael Jackson "  Rest in Peace " T-shirt . See images of Jackson fans at the moonwalk event " Another of the many young fans there was 17-year-old George Webster , who spontaneously performed a perfect Michael Jackson dance routine for a cheering audience . He told CNN : "  This is a celebration . We are here to remember Michael Jackson 's best moments . " And the laughing crowd did indeed seem to be celebrating , rather than mourning : Hanging off lampposts and standing atop telephone booths , people were brandishing everything from white paper gloves to black hats and face masks . Watch video of the crowd singing to Billie Jean " British television presenter Gail Porter was also at the tribute : "  As soon as I saw it on Twitter , I thought ` let 's go and have a dance ' , " she told CNN while twittering away on her cell phone . The gathering started off to a rocky start , as the short notice had left London city police unsure about how to handle it and what to expect . They were overheard telling organizer Yiannopoulos that they would not allow him to do the moonwalk outside the station and that he had to limit his gathering to 300 people . Eventually the crowd was allowed to gather outside , attracting many more tourists , commuters and passers-by to join in the event . "  I want to thank the police for being so cool , " Yiannopoulos told the audience . "  You guys are great , let 's continue dancing . " More tributes are now expected to take place around the world and Austria has already replicated London 's moonwalk event with their own on Friday .	A huge crowd gathered in London , UK on Friday for a mass "  moonwalk " The crowd paid tribute to the Michael Jackson by dancing to his famous tunes The celebratory event was organized through Twitter and Facebook
Washington  CNN  -- Fresh off an electoral bruising for his Democratic Party , President Obama heads to India on Friday to launch a 10-day Asian trip intended to expand export markets and strengthen security cooperation in what he considers a region vital to U.S. interests . The trip to India , Indonesia , South Korea and Japan encompasses a G-20 summit , an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit , major holidays in India and Indonesia , and bilateral talks with Chinese President Hu Jintao and at least five other leaders , as well as four presidential news conferences . It 's all part of an administration focus on Asia as a strategic region in the 21st century , said Ben Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications . "  If you look at the trend lines in the 21st century , the rise of Asia , the rise of individual countries within Asia , is one of the defining stories of our time , " Rhodes said last week , adding , "  We see core U.S. national interests that will be advanced by us playing a key role in helping to shape the future of the region and making clear that we 're an Asian and a Pacific power . " The first stop is India , where Obama will spend three days -- the longest stay in any foreign country of his presidency so far -- to emphasize ties between the world 's two largest democracies , top administration officials said . Obama has called the U.S. relationship with India a "  defining partnership of the 21st century , " noted Bill Burns , the undersecretary of state for political affairs . "  The simple truth is that India 's rise and its strength and progress on the global stage is deeply in the strategic interest of the United States , " Burns said . "  We 're the world 's two largest democracies . We 're both big , diverse , tolerant societies . We 're two of the world 's largest economies . We both have an increasing stake in global stability and prosperity , especially across Asia and the Pacific . " Michael Froman , the deputy national security adviser for international economic affairs , said India was "  one of the most important emerging economic relationships for the United States . " "  With 1.2 billion people and an economy expected to grow at 8 percent a year for the next several years , we really see India as a potentially very important market for U.S. exports , " Froman said . The president 's itinerary in India includes a speech to the Indian Parliament , a state dinner and a wreath-laying at the grave of Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi . According to Rhodes , Obama departs Washington on Friday and arrives Saturday in Mumbai , where he will attend a business conference and visit the Gandhi Museum , then head to New Delhi for bilateral talks with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the Parliament speech and the state dinner . The trip also includes a town hall-style meeting with Indian students , a celebration of the Hindu holiday Diwali and a visit to Humayun 's Tomb , an architectural precursor to the Taj Mahal . Obama then heads to Indonesia to meet with President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and attend a state dinner in the nation where he spent part of his childhood . The two-day visit also will include a news conference with Yudhoyono , a visit to the Istiqlal Mosque and a public speech at a to-be-determined outdoor venue to the people of the world 's largest Muslim-majority nation , Rhodes said . "  In that speech , he 'll have a chance to talk about the partnership that we 're building with Indonesia but also to talk about some of the themes of democracy and development and our outreach to Muslim communities around the world , while also speaking of Indonesia 's pluralism and tolerance as well , " Rhodes said . "  While a Muslim majority , it 's a host to a broad religious diversity , so this speech will give the president an opportunity to discuss some of the themes that many of you have heard him talk about and to do so , again , in a country where he can speak to the importance of Indonesia to him , personally , having lived there for several years in Jakarta as a boy , " Rhodes added . The trip to South Korea is for the G-20 summit in Seoul but will include the bilateral meeting with Hu and a speech to U.S. troops stationed there on the Veterans Day holiday in the United States . Obama 's talks with Hu will be their seventh bilateral meeting , along with three others the president has held with Chinese Premier Wen Jibao , for an unprecedented amount of top-level contact with China , noted Jeff Bader , the senior director for Asian affairs of the National Security Council . Bader said U.S.-Chinese relations have always included issues of cooperation and contention , and although attention focuses on the points of disagreement , he cited areas of agreement in recent years . "  We established a strategic and economic dialogue , " Bader said . "  We 've been favorable to greater Chinese participation , a greater role in the IMF and World Bank . We 've worked with China , I think , quite well on Iran , on the U.N. Security Council resolution , which was a stronger resolution than anyone I think inside or outside the government would have anticipated when that process started . " Relations with China on other issues , such as climate change and North Korea 's nuclear activities , were "  complicated , " Bader said . He did n't mention U.S. complaints that China 's currency is undervalued , resulting in a trade advantage for Chinese goods over American goods that contributes to the U.S. trade deficit . Obama 's Seoul visit also includes a bilateral meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak and a news conference , Rhodes said . A message of the trip for North Korea will be the benefits to South Korea from its partnership with the United States and the West , according to Rhodes . "  South Korea and North Korea were basically equally developed 60 years ago , and now you see a South Korea that is closely allied with the United States , that has embraced democracy , that has embraced open market reforms , is one of the most dynamic , growing economies and powers on the East Asia stage but also the world stage , as evidenced by hosting the G-20 , " Rhodes said . In Japan , Obama will speak to a CEO Business Summit that is part of the APEC meeting , take part in the APEC events and hold bilateral talks with Prime Minister Naoto Kan of Japan , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard . It will be Obama 's first meeting with Gillard since she became prime minister in August of a nation that Bader called "  a close ally " that has supported the U.S.-led NATO mission in Afghanistan . The trip concludes with a visit to the Great Buddha statue in Yokohama , which Obama visited as a child , according to Rhodes . He said first lady Michelle Obama will accompany the president in India and Indonesia , but their daughters will remain home to continue their schooling .	The president will visit India , Indonesia , South Korea and Japan Obama will participate in the G-20 and APEC summits The 10-day trip includes bilateral meetings and cultural events
The UK government raised its terror threat level Friday from "  substantial " to "  severe , " the fourth highest of five levels , in response to events in Iraq and Syria , where ISIS militants have seized a large swath of territory . "  That means that a terrorist attack is highly likely , but there is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is imminent , " Home Secretary Theresa May said . The "  root cause " of Britain 's terror threat is "  Islamist extremism , " Prime Minister David Cameron said . The execution of American journalist James Foley is clear evidence that ISIS 's fight in Iraq and Syria "  is not some foreign conflict thousands of miles from home that we can hope to ignore , " according to the UK leader . ISIS is unlike other Islamist extremist groups in its primary focus not to find a country that can be its base of operations , but to create its own country . And the group has had ample success in that regard , given the vast reach already of what it calls the Islamic State . While it 's been widely reviled internationally , ISIS has managed to attract some support among Muslims and drawn foreign fighters , like the masked man with an apparent British accent who took part in Foley 's beheading , who some fear could soon carry out attacks back home . Even without specific threats in the West , ISIS ' track record in Syria and Iraq -- where it was known to massacre minorities , forcefully institute Sharia law and stage executions and stonings -- suggest it may be capable of anything . Cameron said the group poses a "  greater and deeper " threat than Britain has ever known . "  This is al Qaeda version 6.0 , " Ryan Crocker , a former U.S. ambassador to Iraq and Syria , told CNN on Friday . "  They are like nothing we have ever seen before . " Travel restrictions , an increase in police activity ISIS has been operating for years ; now its actions in Iraq are prompting the United States to target its fighters with airstrikes there and to threaten more such strikes in Syria . Cameron said military force is among the tools that can be used against ISIS , while adding that aid , diplomacy and political influence should also be part of Britain 's response . That said , his focus Friday was n't so much about what to do about ISIS overseas as it was keeping British citizens back home safe . The Prime Minister vowed he will soon announce plans to stop would-be jihadists from traveling to Syria and Iraq and to make it easier to take their passports away . Britain also needs to do more to stop current fighters from returning from the Middle East and to deal decisively with those who already have returned , he said . UK authorities estimate that 500 Britons have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamist groups . Britain 's national policing lead for counterterrorism , Mark Rowley , said -- while the threat level just went up Friday -- police have been escalating their efforts to combat the jihadist threat for months . He claimed 69 arrests in the first half of 2014 for offenses ranging from funding "  terrorist activity through to the preparation and/or instigation of terrorism acts and traveling abroad for terrorist training . " CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen says Britain likely hiked its terror threat level because "  there 's no way you can track 500 people . " At the same time , he downplayed the idea that Friday 's announcement means an attack is imminent . "  This is what governments are paid to do : They are paid to worry about their citizens , " Bergen said , noting that the UK threat level has gone up before without a subsequent attack . "  That does n't mean their citizens should be in a constant state of worry . " Holiday security amped in U.S. -- but not due to ISIS Security will increase this long Labor Day weekend for those traveling in the United States -- though not necessarily because of ISIS . A U.S. federal official says its customary to see increased security presence leading up to a holiday weekend , but that 's not necessarily tied to an increased terror threat . To that point , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he does n't anticipate the U.S. terror threat level will rise anytime soon . And U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson pointed out there is no specific threat against the United States . That said , Johnson noted that ISIS has proved to be a threat to Americans overseas -- with Foley 's execution and the threats of more killings to follow being exhibit No. 1 . The Homeland Security department "  has taken a number of steps to enhance aviation security at overseas airports with direct flights to the United States , and the United Kingdom and other nations have followed with similar enhancements . " Daniel Benjamin , a former State Department counterterrorism director in President Barack Obama 's administration , acknowledged ISIS sympathizers could lash out domestically or Americans who 've gone to fight with militants could bring that fight back home . Still , that does n't mean we should expect a coordinated attack outside the Middle East anytime soon , he said . "  I think there is a certain amount of hyperventilation at the moment , " said Benjamin , now head of Dartmouth College 's John Sloan Dickey Center for International Understanding . "  The long-term threat is quite serious ... But this is a group that has no track record of plotting terrorist attacks outside of its own area . " Report : ISIS computer included files on biological weaponry So what is ISIS capable of -- whether it 's in the Middle East or elsewhere ? That 's hard to answer definitively , since the group has n't lashed out outside the Middle East like al Qaeda . A recent story in Foreign Policy magazine , however , suggest that ISIS is thinking big . The report talks about files on a laptop that purportedly once belonged to ISIS before being abandoned in Syria . They files reportedly include talk about biological and other such weapons , including the weaponizing of the bubonic plague . If these documents are legitimate , they 'd suggest that ISIS has a grand strategy and is willing to kill thousands -- including civilians -- using weapons of mass destruction to further its aims . But that does n't mean the group is close to putting such plans into action . CNN Terrorism Analyst Paul Cruickshank cautioned that there 's a big difference between researching chemical and biological agents and creating the capability to use them . He noted that al Qaeda tried for two decades to develop such weapons , with no apparent success . And there 's no evidence that ISIS has a dedicated WMD program of its own , said Cruickshank , who suggested the files might "  just be one guy , doing research . " "  It 's extremely hard to weaponize these kind of agents -- especially on the delivery side , " he added . Airstrikes continue Still , even if ISIS has n't deployed or even developed chemical or biological weapons , its fighters have proven to be plenty effective with conventional weaponry . Yet now , in Iraq at least , ISIS forces find themselves under fire . The U.S. military has carried out 110 airstrikes in that country since August 8 , at an average cost of $ 7.5 million a day , said Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby . That includes more strikes Friday targeting ISIS fighters near the Mosul Dam , according to U.S. Central Command . The strikes destroyed four armored vehicles , damaged one more and destroyed three support vehicles , all belonging to the terrorist group , the military said . Iraq 's air force continued its own assault on ISIS-controlled Falluja , with the militant group responding in turn . The bombardment killed 18 people and wounded 57 others , a Falluja hospital official and two residents at the facility told CNN . Kirby , like the British Prime Minister , argued that military action alone is not enough to combat extremism . "  If we 've learned nothing over 13 years of war , it 's that you ca n't completely eliminate extremism anywhere through simply kinetics , through airstrikes alone , " he said at a press briefing Friday . Obama 's no ` strategy yet ' comment on ISIS in Syria sparks a political uproar	Ex-U.S. official notes ISIS has yet to attack outside the Middle East UK terror threat hiked to second-highest level due to events in Iraq , Syria Cameron : We ca n't ignore Islamist extremists after James Foley 's killing Spokesman : U.S. has no plans now to raise its own terror threat level
CNN  Police in a patrol car chase down a man on a scooter . The car stops , and two officers get out and beat the man with their fists and batons . His orbital bone fractures and he suffers lacerations on his head , yet he is the one who is charged with aggravated assault . This week , the tables turned when a surveillance video from a nearby store led to charges of aggravated assault , criminal conspiracy and filing false reports against Philadelphia police officers Sean McKnight and Kevin Robinson in connection with the May 29 , 2013 , arrest of Najee Rivera . "  I will prosecute these two officers to the fullest extent of the law . Simply put , no one -- not even police officers -- is above the law , " said District Attorney Seth Williams . Rivera 's girlfriend tracked down the surveillance tape , according to CNN Affiliate WPVI , and it became key evidence in a grand jury investigation , in which Rivera testified that he got scared and drove away on his scooter after McKnight and Robinson pulled him over , stepped out of their car with batons extended and said , "  Come here ! " What happened next was captured on the surveillance video and contradicts the original police report claim that Rivera grabbed Robinson and "  slammed him against a brick wall . " It also accuses Rivera of "  throwing elbows during the struggle . " The grand jury found , however , that Rivera was wailing loudly and showed no aggressive actions as he was lying on the ground and being struck repeatedly by the officers . "  The video undermined every aspect of the officer 's account , " said Williams . Coming soon : An app to report police brutality Rivera , 23 , was cleared of all charges and has been awarded a $ 200,000 settlement for pain and suffering . Rivera is very satisfied with the charges against the officers , according to his lawyer , Leon Flynn , who spoke to CNN affiliate WPVI . "  How can I get beat up , but there were no consequences for the people who did this to me ? " was a question Rivera asked repeatedly , Flynn said . Officers McKnight and Robinson have been suspended for 30 days with intent to be dismissed from the police force . Robinson 's attorney , Fortunato N. Perri Jr. , said in a statement that his client "  has been a well-respected and dedicated member of the Philadelphia police department for the past seven years . He looks forward to clearing his name . " "  We look forward to trial , " said McKnight 's attorney , Brian McMonagle . He called his client a "  good cop . ' "  When suspects flee they create risks for themselves , for the public , and for the officers who bravely pursue them , " he said . The officers are not getting any sympathy from the police department , however . "  It is painful , it is embarrassing , " Chief Charles Ramsey told reporters this week . "  We have 6,500 sworn members . These guys do not represent the majority of police officers . " Can cell phones stop police brutality ?	Surveillance video of a police beating reveals officers falsified their report Victim Najee Rivera had been charged with aggravated assault A grand jury dropped all charges against Rivera This week the police officers were charged instead and have been suspended from the police force
CNN  -- Thirteen-year-old Rose Matrie lives in a cracked house . The light that streams through the narrow slit in the concrete wall is an ever-present reminder of the earthquake that struck her home in Haiti in 2010 and devastated the already impoverished country . Still , Rose Matrie has big dreams for her future . "  I want to go to a big school in order to develop my talents , " she says . Her mother fastened a large chalkboard on the outside of their home to cover up the crack , and every day Rose Matrie does her homework there . Her teacher says she is very bright and excels in literature . "  When I let my imagination go , I think of extraordinary things , " Rose Matrie says . Her father lost his job after the earthquake , and though her mother works as a seamstress , there is little demand for her skills . Like many families in Haiti , her parents are struggling to pay the school fees to keep her and her five siblings enrolled . In Haiti , public schools only meet about 20 % of the demand for basic education in rural areas , and education costs , particularly for private schools , remain very high in relation to family income , according to the nonprofit Plan International USA . Plan is working with local governments and schools to provide more children in Haiti with access to a quality education . The organization is building classrooms and school facilities , training educators and providing school supplies , textbooks and uniforms for children in need . " -LSB- This is -RSB- so those costs are n't passed on to families as a barrier to attendance , " explains Ann Wang , a plan communications specialist . When the relatively high cost of school is decreased or eliminated , more children like Rose Matrie can get an education and develop their talents . Watch the video for a glimpse into Rose Matrie 's world . You can help her and other girls growing up in Haiti . Give Support the campaign behind the film "  Girl Rising " and give to the 10x10 Fund for Girls ' Education . Donations will be distributed evenly among the 10x10 nonprofit partners and help fund girls ' education projects around the world . You can also help advance Plan 's work by donating to its "  Because I am a Girl " campaign , which supports projects that help girls and women in the developing world . Through the "  Gifts of Hope " program , you can symbolically donate things like school uniforms , vaccinations , school supplies or even girl-friendly latrines . Share Plan international USA created resources for students and teachers . These online booklets are designed to help people of all ages understand the challenges that many girls and women face around the world . Impact For even more ways to make an impact for girls education around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project More from CNN 's Impact Your World	Rose Matrie is a bright student attending secondary school in Haiti Her parents are struggling to pay the fees to keep her and her five siblings enrolled Public schools in Haiti only meet about 20 percent of the demand for basic education Organizations like Plan are working to provide more access to quality education
Tired of hokey in-flight movies or spotty DirecTV connections ? United Airlines is adding an option for watching TV during flights that lets passengers stream content directly to their laptop , iPhone , iPad or iPod touch for free . The airline announced the new entertainment system in February and will roll it out on U.S. flights starting in April . United will preload 150 movies and 200 TV shows onto an on-board system . Passengers with compatible devices will be able to stream directly from a server on the plane , so there 's no need to pay for in-flight WIFi service , and the airline wo n't have to worry about an entire airplane of people gobbling up bandwidth while binge-watching . United has chosen a combination of new and classic content , including popular TV shows "  Downton Abbey " and Netflix 's "  House of Cards " to start . Eventually the aircraft will swap in fresh movies and episodes every month so frequent fliers do n't run out of things to watch . The program does have some limitations . The most notable is that it only works with Apple smartphones and tablets running iOS 6 and above for the time being . To watch shows on an iOS device , passengers must download the official United app . Android users are out in the cold unless they have a laptop handy , but United is working on adding support . "  We expect to offer the same service for users of Android mobile devices later this year , " said a United spokesperson . Passengers can watch the movies and shows only while in the air , but United plans on making it work from "  gate-to-gate " to reflect recent changes in mobile device policies . Late last year , the FAA changed its policy to allow passengers to use mobile devices before and during takeoff and landing , at the discretion of the airlines . On computers , the streaming works with Windows computers running Windows XP and Windows 7 . It requires the most recent versions of the Chrome , Firefox or Internet Explorer browsers . Mac laptops must have OS X 10.6 or higher and use Safari , Chrome or Firefox . The browsers must run Flash 10.3 or higher . For security reasons , some of the content can only be viewed with a specific browser plug-in , which can be downloaded in-flight . The first planes to offer the feature will be the Airbus A319 and A320 , the Boeing 747-400 and some Boeing 777-200s . To decide if you need to download all three seasons of "  Veronica Mars " before getting on a cross-country United flight , check to see whether the new in-flight mobile streaming service is offered by looking at the list of amenities for your flight .	United Airlines is adding free in-flight movie and TV streaming starting in April The service will work only with Apple mobile devices and Apple and Windows laptops United will preload 150 movies and 200 TV shows , swapping out the content monthly
CNN  -- A potential terror plot may have involved synchronized attacks in several countries with "  at least a dozen " people taking part , a law enforcement official said Wednesday . Earlier , a German counterterrorism source said that a man captured in Afghanistan had tipped off investigators to a potential "  Mumbai-style " plot in Europe . Mumbai , the financial hub of India , was the site of a three-day terror attack two years ago that left more than 160 people dead . Ten men launched the carefully planned assault , targeting prominent sites such as the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower hotel , the Oberoi-Trident hotels , the historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center . The intelligence gathered so far , the law enforcement official said , indicated that sites in the United Kingdom , France and Germany as well as Italy and Belgium may have been targets in the potential plot . Investigators believe al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden signed off on a European attack plan , a separate law enforcement source said . But U.S. and international officials say they have seen no sign of an imminent attack . U.S. officials said the alleged plot has no U.S. component -- at least none that has been found . One official stressed that the plot is serious and credible but that the intelligence available lacked specificity : no who , where or how . Some names of "  known operational planners " are possibly connected with the plot , but there is "  no precise insight " into who may be planning an attack , the official said . Soft targets such as hotels and economic targets are of particular concern , but there is "  no precise " intelligence on the mode of attack , said the official . Another official said there are different threads coming from different places , and it 's not clear how or even if they will come together . The European countries involved -- primarily Germany , France and Britain -- are tackling the perceived threats as they see fit , the official said . The "  threat has certainly caught our attention " and that of our allies , the official said . Although no "  U.S. dimension " to the plot has been uncovered , the official said , the "  U.S. is only a seven-hour plane ride away " from Europe . The potential plot is one reason for a dramatic increase in the number of missile strikes by unmanned drones against terrorist targets in Pakistan , according to a U.S. official . The number of suspected U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan jumped to 20 this month -- more than in any previous month and twice the monthly average , according to a CNN estimate based on information from Pakistani officials . A federal law enforcement official in the United States , meanwhile , said "  the volume seems to be turned up " on the threat information coming out of Europe . The intelligence indicates there is interest in using people with Western passports in an attack , that official said . The official said the potential operatives may be a mix of Europeans and others , possibly including North Africans , Pakistanis , Turks , Uzbeks and Tajiks . There is concern about an "  active shooter " scenario that would create as many casualties and as much chaos as possible in a short period of time . The Mumbai attacks showed how effective this kind of an attack can be in drawing attention . Eiffel Tower evacuated after bomb threat Economic institutions in Europe , including banks and stock exchanges , could be possible targets , according to the federal law enforcement source . The man who described a potential attack , Ahmed Sidiqi , was detained in Kabul , Afghanistan , in July and transferred to U.S. custody , the German official said . Sidiqi , a German of Afghan descent , attended the same Hamburg mosque as Mohammad Atta -- a leader of the September 11 attacks on the United States -- and was part of Atta 's circle , the official said . The man in custody has "  revealed details about the terror plot , " said the official , who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to talk to the media . Germany 's Interior Ministry said Wednesday that authorities are aware of recent published reports about planned terror attacks in Europe and are analyzing the intelligence information . "  Presently this has produced no concrete indications of directly imminent attacks in Germany . The current accounts do not lead to a change in -LSB- our -RSB- assessment of danger , " the ministry said . Janet Napolitano , the U.S. secretary of homeland security , declined to say Wednesday whether there was concrete information about a plan to attack the United States . "  There are constantly threats of all types that we need to be able to be proactive against , and be proactive even when there are n't specific threats , " she told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Sidiqi , the man who was captured , traveled with several other Germans from Hamburg , Germany , to the Afghan-Pakistan border area in 2009 , where he joined the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , an extremist group allied with al Qaeda , German intelligence officials said . One he was captured , Sidiqi "  started to talk a lot " and detailed a "  Mumbai-style " attack in Europe , the German official said . Sidiqi is from Hamburg , where he worked for a cleaning company at the Hamburg international airport , the German official said . He attended the Masjid Taiba mosque , formerly known as the Al-Quds mosque , in Hamburg , which became known as the meeting place of those behind the September 11 attacks . Hamburg shut down the mosque this year , not long after Sidiqi 's capture . U.S. National Intelligence Director James Clapper would not talk about a plot Tuesday evening . "  We are not going to comment on specific intelligence , as doing so threatens to undermine intelligence operations that are critical to protecting the U.S. and our allies , " he said . "  As we have repeatedly said , we know al Qaeda wants to attack Europe and the United States . " The German government is increasingly concerned about the number of Germans becoming jihadists . According to a senior German counterterrorism source , about 200 individuals have traveled to train with jihadist groups in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region since the September 11 attacks . The potential plot against Europe is apparently one reason for the increase in attacks by unmanned aerial drones in Pakistan . "  We would be remiss not to try to take action to thwart what might be underway in Europe , " the official said , though the official emphasized it was not the sole factor . U.S. officials say they are taking advantage of what they call "  precise intelligence . " Most of the drone attacks this year have been focused on North Waziristan , a mountainous area bordering Afghanistan where Pakistani security forces have little control . That has continued to be the pattern this month . Napolitano declined to comment on the increase in drone attacks . But acknowledging the spike , one U.S. official said : "  Our operational tempo has been up for a while now , we have good information driving it , and given the stakes involved , we hope to keep the pressure on as long as we can . " According to the official , the mix of threats remains the same . It comes from groups like the Haqqani network , al Qaeda , the Afghan Taliban and the Pakistan Taliban . The threats they pose are "  all deadly , " said the official . Pakistani officials say many recent strikes have been aimed at compounds in or around the town of Miramshah , a stronghold of the Haqqani network . Western intelligence officials have long regarded the Haqqanis as one of the most dangerous terror groups and have linked them to several attacks in Kabul . Intelligence analysts point to other reasons for the escalated drone attacks . Those include better information from sources in the border area and better surveillance technology , including the growing use of spy balloons fitted with high-powered cameras . In addition , the rising number of drone strikes is designed to deprive the Afghan Taliban of "  strategic depth , " as the Obama administration 's campaign to defeat the insurgency enters a crucial phase , and to tighten the noose on the senior al Qaeda leadership . Pakistani officials say one strike last weekend killed Sheikh Mohammad Fateh al Masri , described as the group 's senior operational commander . CNN 's Pam Benson , Tim Lister and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : United States officials see "  no U.S. dimension " to possible plot German Interior Ministry : There are no "  concrete indications " of imminent attacks A man captured in Afghanistan talks about a "  Mumbai-style " attack in Europe , an official says He attended the same mosque in Hamburg as 9/11 hijacker Mohammad Atta
Frogggsss in spaaaccceee ! Or frog , at least . And maybe not in space , but for certain a wild ride . Look closely at the photo above and you 'll see the little guy streaking skyward alongside a 90-foot-tall rocket carrying a moon mission from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia on Friday . Another piece of science fiction , you 're thinking . But NASA confirms the photo , taken by a remote camera during Friday 's launch of the Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer  LADEE  , is not some trick . "  The photo team confirms the frog is real and was captured in a single frame by one of the remote cameras used to photograph the launch , " it says on its website . The photo was first posted online Wednesday by Universe Today . It 's been hopping around the internet since . And prompting some super puns we have to share . "  This frog gives new meaning to "  flying leap , "  or giant leap  . " Universe Today in that original post . "  From lily pad to launch pad . " The Independent . "  An unlucky frog took a giant leap for mankind . " News.com.au "  Did it croak ? " NBC News And not to be outdone , a source told CNN the creature 's last words were : "  Orrrbit , orrrbit . " "  The condition of the frog , however , is uncertain , " NASA says on its website , but these kind of things tend not to end well for amphibians . So how did it get there in the first place ? "  The launchpad at the Wallops/Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport has a ` pool ' for the high-volume water deluge system that activates during launches to protect the pad from damage and for noise suppression , and likely there was a  formerly  damp , cool place that was a nice spot for a frog to hang out , " Universe Today reported . While the frog 's short trip to the final frontier may be over , LADEE 's continues . It is expected to reach lunar orbit on October 6 and then commence gathering "  detailed information about the lunar atmosphere , conditions near the surface and environmental influences on lunar dust , " NASA said . "  A thorough understanding of these characteristics will address long-standing unknowns , and help scientists understand other planetary bodies as well . " Follow the LADEE mission	Frog caught in launch of moon mission NASA confirms photo is no fake Frog likely caught in pool under launchpad
CNN  -- It 's been nine years since Kim and Curtis Christiansen were married . Since then they 've had their ups and downs , but they 've remained close . But when Curtis began snoring about three years ago , Kim began sleeping on the couch . After his snoring drove his wife , Kim , to sleep on the couch , Curtis Christiansen saw a sleep specialist . "  His snoring was so loud . At first I would just elbow him to wake him up , " she said , "  But then I became concerned . He would just  she gasps for breath  . It would take his breath away . " At first Curtis Christiansen figured he was tired , a little run down from his job . He thought the snoring was just a symptom of his exhaustion . But when he started nodding off while waiting at a traffic light , he knew something was wrong . "  I became more aware of this choking and waking-up feeling , " he said . Kim Christiansen finally persuaded her husband to go to a sleep specialist . The diagnosis : obstructive sleep apnea . According to the National Sleep Foundation , more than 18 million American adults have sleep apnea , and many of them do n't know it . Some people think their snoring is just a side effect of a busy lifestyle . Watch more on the difference between sleep apnea and snoring " In some cases , that 's true . But the foundation says it 's trying to get more people to realize how important it is to know the difference between occasional snoring and apnea . Studies have shown that sleep apnea has some serious side effects . A disorder in which breathing is briefly and repeatedly interrupted during sleep , apnea occurs when the muscles in the back of the throat fail to keep the airway open , despite efforts to breathe . That can cause broken sleep patterns and low blood oxygen levels . Doctors say these side effects can lead to hypertension , heart disease , and mood and memory problems . In a recent study at the University of Maryland Medical Center , researchers found that sleep apnea can cause a rise in depression and that sleep-related breathing disorders can also worsen nightmares and post-traumatic stress disorder . And because sufferers are usually sleepy during the day , apnea can increase the risk of automobile crashes . There 's no question it can be life-threatening , doctors say . So how do you know whether your snoring is something more serious ? When snoring starts to affect your daily habits , you should see a doctor , said Dr. Thomas LoRusso , director of the Northern Virginia Sleep Diagnostic Centers . "  A bed partner may notice that the patient stops breathing and snores loudly , " LoRusso said . "  And the daytime symptoms are sleepiness , poor concentration , problems waking up in the morning . " LoRusso says a good way to check your sleep habits is to note your levels of fatigue during the day and jot down other symptoms you might be having . And if you have a bed partner , ask whether he or she has noticed any "  choking or gasping while you snore , " he said . "  The person you sleep with , many times , knows your snoring better than you . " Specific lifestyle changes can help you avoid sleep apnea , the sleep foundation said . LoRusso agrees . "  Cut out the alcohol , " he said . "  It can make the upper airway muscles to relax . " And watch your weight . Losing pounds can "  cure " sleep apnea , especially for overweight people , LoRusso said . If you smoke , try to quit , he said . Smoking creates swelling in the upper airway , making apnea worse . These seemingly small changes can have dramatic results . "  In some cases , changing these factors can eliminate sleep apnea from some patients , " LoRusso said . For Curtis Christiansen , it was n't that easy . Not only was he thin and a non-smoker , he suffered from high blood pressure and high cholesterol and , because of a previous health issue , had only one kidney . He needed help immediately . His doctor recommended a device called a CPAP , or continuous positive airway pressure device . It 's a mask or nose piece that blows air into the airway to keep it open while a patient sleeps . Although surgery is an option for those who have problems even with the CPAP , Christiansen was n't one of them . Since his diagnosis , Christiansen has gotten his blood pressure under control . When he started wearing the CPAP , he confesses , he 'd leave it behind when he went out of town . "  But I found I was n't getting a good night 's sleep , so now I take the CPAP along , " he said with a smile , "  and I have a restful vacation with my wife . "	In sleep apnea , breathing is briefly and repeatedly interrupted More than 18 million U.S. adults have sleep apnea ; many do n't know it Potential side effects : hypertension , heart disease and mood , memory problems Cutting out alcohol , losing weight , quitting smoking can help
Homs , Syria  CNN  -- Dark-haired and swaddled in a white blanket , baby Fatime is just 24 hours old , the picture of innocence in her grandmother 's arms . But the world she has been born into is anything but innocent . Her mother gave birth to her in a makeshift shelter in the besieged Syrian city of Homs , the heart of the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Her mother , 19 , has no painkillers and could not sleep after giving birth , she said , still in excruciating pain . Fatime 's father does not know his child has been born -- a month ago , he left the wood-cutting factory that has been turned into a makeshift bunker . He was going for supplies and has not been able to return , his wife says . Fatime 's father may live to see her , but two great-uncles will not , her grandmother says . Both men were detained and returned as mutilated corpses . As she describes what happened to one of her brothers , her voice trembling , the grandmother grabs her head , wrapped in a black headscarf , and twists it to suggest a neck being broken . She shows a photograph of the battered body of her other brother , the state of the corpse horrific . Baby Fatime is one of at least two dozen children holed up with mothers , grandmothers and other relatives in this makeshift shelter in the Homs neighborhood of Baba Amr . Government forces have been shelling Homs since early February . The families in the shelter have found relative safety but little comfort . "  We 're not sleeping at night , we 're not sleeping during the day , " one mother howls , clad head to toe in black with her face covered by a niqab , an Islamic veil showing only her eyes . "  The children are always crying ; the bombs are coming down like this , " she laments , waving her arms for emphasis . They huddle in near darkness , some covering their faces as they speak to me , afraid of losing more than they already have if the government learns who they are . The room is filled with endless stories of death and despair . One woman says her son has been detained since the end of August . Another says her son also has been held a month and a half . A woman named Safaa says her brother and husband were killed when a round hit their home 10 days ago , but she can hardly pause to grieve . "  I have to keep going , " she says . "  I have to live for my children . " The families in the shelter survive on rice and lentils taken from a nearby government warehouse , but supplies are running low . Activists gather about two dozen children for the camera and lead a song against the regime . But the little ones are hard to comfort . "  My husband died on the first day of the bombing . They did n't let me see his body ; it was shredded to pieces . His blood is still in the streets , " says Umm Khidir , one of the mothers . But her focus now is on her son . She says he is sick with a fever , and there 's no medicine . "  He keeps crying and saying , ' I want daddy , I want daddy . ' I ca n't bring his daddy back , " she says , demanding to know why the world is not coming to their aid . "  What is the world waiting for ? For us to die of hunger and fear ? "	Women and children huddle in a makeshift shelter as the Syrian government shells city of Homs "  The children are always crying ; the bombs are coming down , " one mother says "  What is the world waiting for ? " another demands as her son cries for his dead father
Time.com  -- Never before have so many people all of a sudden thought , "  I wonder if Kansas City is a nice place to live ? " That 's because Google recently announced the details behind Google Fiber , its incredibly fast new Internet service that 'll cost eligible Kansas City residents $ 70 per month . Another $ 50 will add a cable TV package to the mix as well . All in all , $ 120 is in line with what you 'd expect to pay for similar TV-plus-Internet service from other major cable providers . So why would someone in Kansas City want to make the switch ? The need for speed Google is promising download and upload speeds of up to one gigabit per second , which it says is about 100 times faster than the average U.S. broadband connection . Remember back in June when Verizon announced its FiOS Quantum package , which offered theoretical download speeds of 300 megabits per second and theoretical upload speeds of 65 megabits per second ? That package costs $ 210 per month . Google 's theoretical download speed is more than three times as fast and its theoretical upload speed is more than 15 times as fast for a third of the price . If Google Fiber ever gets out of Kansas City , other Internet providers better watch out . Best . Remote . Ever . If you sign up for both Internet and cable for two years , you 'll get the coolest remote control ever made : Google 's new Nexus 7 tablet . Normally selling for $ 200 , it 's arguably the best non-iPad tablet on the market , equipped with an app that lets you control your TV and search for shows with a swipe of your finger . Not only that , you 'll be able to watch TV on your tablet from any room in the house . Time.com : Equiso 's Android-on-a-stick turns TVs into Smart TVs for $ 70 The app will also be available for certain Android and iOS devices , letting you use your smartphone as a remote control as well . Ultimate DVR The standard DVRs from most cable providers do a decent job , but Google has an added bonus for its customers : Its storage box can record up to eight TV shows at one time and features two terabytes of storage . That 's a lot of episodes of Real Housewives of New Jersey  500 hours worth , to be exact  . Plus , if you ever get bored with what you 've recorded , you can stream Netflix or YouTube from the DVR . Searching for stuff to watch on TV will include relevant streamable results , too , all in the same place . Who needs hardware ? Google is offering one terabyte of Google Drive storage for Internet subscribers and is heavily pushing its Chromebook for $ 299 . This , my friends , is what this whole Google Fiber thing is all about . As long as people have slow Internet connections , relying solely on Google 's cloud is n't really an option . Time.com : Why Google or Facebook buying your favorite startup means it 's probably toast But if you have a one-gigabit-per-second connection ? All of a sudden using a Chromebook with Google Drive as your primary computer does n't sound so crazy . Free Internet Even if you do n't want blazing download speeds and a cool tablet for a remote control , you can still get Google Fiber 's basic five-megabit service for $ 0 per month . Time.com : Google adds new 34-button scientific calculator to search results Granted , you 'll need to put down a $ 300 construction free , but after that your Internet connection will be guaranteed free for the next seven years . Not bad if you 're just a casual Internet user or have been looking for an excuse to get grandma hooked up to the Web . Not so cool ... Google 's TV package includes almost every channel you would want , with one notable exception : ESPN . As I 've noted before , ESPN charges cable providers around five times more than the average network . Also absent from the list of available channels are TNT and HBO , both owned  along with TIME and CNN -- full disclosure  by Time Warner . This article originally appeared on Time.com : Five cool things about Google Fiber  and one not so cool thing	Google Fiber is an incredibly fast new Internet service Company promises speeds of up to one gigabit per second Google 's new Nexus 7 tablet works as the service 's remote control
CNN  -- What does freedom mean for Barack Obama ? If you asked Sarah Palin , a Tea Partier , or a Republican member of Congress what freedom means , each would likely have a ready answer : Freedom is individual autonomy and it is closely identified with the market . But with Obama , most Americans simply would not know his answer . In fact , the Democratic Party 's leadership for decades now has been unable to articulate how its goals and policies  like universal health care  actually connect to personal liberty . This is no doubt partly to blame for last week 's election results . In America today , the language of freedom has been ceded almost entirely to the political right . Unless Democrats can offer a compelling counter-narrative , they will remain on the defensive whenever they depict government as a tool for social and economic change . Part of what makes the conservative language of freedom so politically potent is that it resonates with a problem many Americans face . In the 21st century we are faced with increasingly massive and hierarchical institutions . We have big business and big government , both run by a small number of highly trained professionals . Individuals feel powerless , without meaningful voice in key institutions and subject to decisions made elsewhere -- mostly behind closed doors . The conservative response has been simple . It has been to blame government for the problem of bureaucratic growth and hierarchy . Tea Partiers hope to reverse the sense of disempowerment by dismantling state programs and deregulating the economy . They say they envision the marketplace as a site for free exchange by equals , in which commercial self-regulation enhances individual entrepreneurship . Some liberals find it difficult to understand why this vision resonates with so many of their fellow Americans , given that it ignores the pathologies of corporate power . What they might note , though , is that even if this conservative response is incomplete , it at least articulates the lack of control many people experience and presents freedom as a product of individual self-rule . For precisely this reason , conservatives have been able to harness populist sentiment and to cast liberals as out of touch elites . Tea Party talk invoking the importance of "  Main Street " emphasizes how it seems to them that professionals -- not ordinary Americans -- are often in political charge and how liberals seem indifferent to the scale and remoteness of modern bureaucracy . Rather than yield the language of liberty to the right , the Democratic Party needs to provide a clear response -- if for no other reason than that the conservative approach is both backward looking , which is not helpful , and excludes many . Given the dominance of finance capital , the idea of the unfettered marketplace as a site for individual empowerment is largely wishful thinking . Even worse , in the hands of conservatives , that marketplace is also a space for zero-sum competition , in which many are left on the outside looking in . Some Tea Partiers , for instance , have made this circumscribed liberty even more limited by saying that only "  true " Americans should benefit from its blessings . Under this view , freedom requires restrictive policies toward immigrants and other groups that they fear threaten economic prosperity or national security . For them , liberty is no longer a universal ideal to be practiced -- rather than just preached -- by Americans . Instead , liberty is a privilege of the few , one that goes hand in hand with exclusion . In the past , social constituencies -- such as those organized by the agrarian populists in the late 19th century , the labor movement and the civil rights movement -- articulated how freedom and inclusion could be bound together . For someone like the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , liberty meant providing individuals with practical power over both corporate and state entities . But public action had a key role to play . If Democrats hope to persuade Americans of the value of government programs , they must engage with the pervasive sense of disempowerment mined so fruitfully by conservatives . They need to explain why the root cause is ultimately corporate authority , not state responses . They also must clearly explain how securing liberty rests on exerting democratic control over mammoth private companies -- by employing government to reduce the size of banks , to roll back corporate privileges and to ensure that the public has a greater say in the most important decisions . Today those social movements that articulated this vision of freedom are largely demobilized and it rests primarily with the Democratic Party leadership to carry on their aspirations . The question is whether Obama and those around him still believe in these values , let alone are willing to defend them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aziz Rana .	Aziz Rana says GOP , Tea Party , Palin clear on defining freedom : free markets , autonomy Dems very bad at explaining how goals , like health reform , connect to personal liberty He says right 's language ties populism to corporate freedoms not really in their interest Rana : Dems must explain link between liberty and corporate oversight , government programs
CNN  -- Suspected killer Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean is most likely in Mexico , authorities said , and the prosecutor said he has agreed not to seek the death penalty if Laurean is arrested in that country . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , wanted for murder , may have fled to his native Mexico . Onslow County , North Carolina , District Attorney Dewey Hudson told CNN that he was shown "  strongly compelling evidence " compiled by federal authorities that shows Laurean is in Mexico . Hudson said he has asked through the State Department that Laurean be arrested if he is found in Mexico . But , he said , he had "  no other option " but to take the death penalty off the table if Laurean is found there . Mexico has a longstanding record of refusing to extradite suspects to the United States if they face a possible death sentence if convicted . "  I had to agree not to seek the death penalty , " Hudson told CNN . "  My hands were tied if I wanted to bring him here to face murder charges . " "  It was very frustrating and disappointing , " Hudson added . Laurean has been charged with murder in the death of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach . Her charred remains were found January 11 in a fire pit in Laurean 's backyard . Investigators found the body after Laurean 's wife came forward with a note her husband had written saying he had buried Lauterbach , who was eight months pregnant , after she slit her own throat during an argument . Hudson said Laurean apparently entered his native Mexico only days after leaving behind that note . Hudson would not elaborate on the evidence suggesting Laurean is in Mexico , which he said he viewed Friday . The FBI would not comment on what evidence it might have that Laurean is across the border . "  We strongly suspect , but have not confirmed , he is in Mexico , " FBI spokesman Newsom Summerlin . Summerlin said the FBI plans to circulate in Mexico either matchbooks or business cards with Laurean 's photo . The Marine 's wanted poster is on the FBI 's Most Wanted List with a $ 25,000 reward . Police believe Lauterbach was killed December 14 , the same day she bought a bus ticket for travel for the following day . But in the note provided to police by Laurean 's wife , the corporal claimed Lauterbach killed herself December 15 . Police said an autopsy revealed the pregnant Marine was killed by a blow to the head . Police said they are analyzing a possible murder weapon provided by an undisclosed witness . A spokesman told CNN it could several weeks to determine whether it was used to kill Lauterbach . Laurean 's wife told police about the note January 11 , a day after she said Laurean told her what allegedly happened and following a meeting with a lawyer . Police describe her as a cooperating witness . Lauterbach was scheduled to testify last month at a military hearing after accusing Laurean of raping her last spring . On Monday , the Onslow County sheriff 's office released new photographs of the fire pit in Lauren 's backyard taken just before Lauterbach 's body was discovered January 11 . Police said some neighbors reported seeing a group of Marines having a Christmas Day barbecue in Laurean 's backyard . Police also released photographs that show Laurean 's living room and garage with paint cans . Investigators said they found blood in more than one room of Laurean 's home , some of which was covered by fresh paint . The sheriff 's office said it has documented evidence Laurean bought paint , concrete blocks and a wheelbarrow at a home improvement store December 16 . In a store surveillance video , Laurean is seen walking into the store with another man , who has not been identified . Investigators are also awaiting the results of DNA paternity tests , which they said could take weeks , to tell whether Laurean was the father of Lauterbach 's unborn child . E-mail to a friend	D.A. takes death penalty off table if Marine suspect found in Mexico Suspect likely in Mexico , which usually refuses to extradite if death penalty an issue Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean is wanted for Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach 's killing Investigators have "  compelling evidence " Laurean is in his native Mexico
CNN  -- Just as the politics of oil shaped the 20th century industrial economy , so the politics of data will shape the 21st century digital economy . At this week 's Digital Life Design  DLD  , a prestigious technology conference held annually in Munich , the fault lines of the political debate about data were exposed by the event 's two keynote speakers : The European Commission 's vice president for justice , Viviane Reding , and Facebook 's chief operating officer , Sheryl Sandberg . Reding and Sandberg were in agreement about one thing : personal data is the new oil , the vital fuel of our digital economy . But that 's about all they agreed on at DLD . In every other respect , their priorities and agendas represent the bookends of an increasingly fractious debate that is pitting European politicians like Reding against American social media networks such as Sandberg 's Facebook . Reding 's focus is on the consumer 's control of their own data . "  Personal data is the currency of today 's digital market . And like any currency , it needs stability and trust , " Reding argued in the opening keynote of the conference . That "  stability " and "  trust " , she believes , can only be won by legislating in favor of consumers ' ability to protect their personal data . The great threat to individual liberty in the digital age , Reding argued at DLD , comes from companies that use our data to enrich themselves -- buying and selling our most intimate details for their own corporate benefit . Individual privacy in today 's networked age , she argued , can only be protected by tighter legislation on what companies can do with our data and by more aggressive data-protection officers and agencies . To this end , Reding is introducing legislation which will give consumers the right to be forgotten on online social networks like Facebook and Twitter . "  The journey has only just begun " , Sandberg told the DLD audience in the final speech of the event . But this is a journey -- of a data revolution driven by powerful social networks like Facebook -- that Sandberg , in contrast with Reding , relishes . What we do online is increasingly who we are , she said . "  We are our real identities online . " Rather than wanting to be forgotten , Sandberg believes that we all want to be remembered . All this personal data empowers us , Facebook 's second most powerful executive insisted . It represents a shift to what she called "  authentic identity , " from the wisdom of the crowd to "  wisdom of our friends . " Above all , she said , it turns all of us from being passive receivers of other people 's information into active broadcasters of our own lives . The digital data revolution is "  a really big deal , " Sandberg insisted at DLD . It represents a profound shift in the balance of power between institutions and individuals . The sharing of information reshapes our lives ; it brings us together and empowers us . And it makes us richer too , she argued , suggesting that Facebook alone had created 230,000 jobs and is even committed to giving 50,000 European small businesses â ‚ ¬ 100 euros  $ 130  apiece to develop their social identities . Reding and Sandberg 's presentations represented the first and last speeches of the three day event . But their speeches were separated by more than just 72 hours . There 's a gulf , perhaps even an inseparable chasm , between the two women 's assumptions about both the value and role of personal data in our increasingly digital society . I 'm not sure if Sandberg is correct to argue that the digital journey of the 21st century is only just beginning . But I am pretty certain that this debate about the politics of data will run and run in a world in which personal data is increasingly the oil powering our digitally connected economy . Internet : An engine of progress or hate ? There was much talk at DLD about the internet representing a historic shift of power -- from the nation-state to the 21st century empowered individual . From Alec Ross , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's special Advisor on innovation , to Katie Stanton , Twitter 's head of global innovation , and to Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales , the DLD core message was that the internet represented a vehicle of democratic progress and global toleration . The DLD message of openness and toleration was also reflected in the event itself . Hosted by the Munich-based publishing mogul Hubert Burda and the legendary Israeli networker Yossi Vardi , DLD brought together peoples from all over the world and included speakers from Turkey , Libya , Japan , and Russia as well as from Europe and the United States . The speakers ' dinner was even held in the Hubert Burda Hall of Munich 's Jewish Community Center , a building distinguished by both its spacious architecture and its wonderful acoustics . So it was particularly ironic that the German parliament released a report earlier this week showing that anti-Semitism remained "  deeply rooted " in German society and that the Internet is playing a central role in spreading the unspeakable lie of Holocaust denial . Blaming the internet for anti-Semitism is , of course , like blaming printing press inventor Johannes Gutenberg for Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf . And yet it 's hard to avoid concluding that the Internet is n't quite the engine of progress that Sandberg , Ross or Wales believe it is . Nor is it the den of pure iniquity that critics like myself have sometimes argued . Turn on , log on , drop out Neither Mark Zuckerberg nor fellow Facebook founder Sean Parker were at DLD , so it was left to Tumblr 's CEO David Karp to wow of this year 's conference with his youthful exuberance . His speech , with its acknowledgment that Tumblr was "  an accidental social network " whose remarkable success has been built on what he calls the network 's "  curators , " was one of the most admired of the event . I had dinner with Karp and found him to be a disarmingly impressive young man . A New York City high school dropout who never attended college , lived for a while in Japan , and started his first company in his teens , Karp has that entrepreneurial quality of being both refreshingly humble and yet uncannily poised . With Twitter creator Jack Dorsey , he is a good bet to inherit Zuckerberg 's mantle of the world 's most charismatic young start-up entrepreneur . Karp also joins that pantheon of start-up entrepreneurs -- from Steve Jobs and Bill Gates to Zuckerberg -- who have dropped out of school to pursue their entrepreneurial dreams . This is no coincidence . Traditional education is failing to stimulate remarkably innovative young men like Karp . Perhaps PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel is right . We really should be paying unusually talented kids like Karp to drop out of college . â $ cents Follow @ajkeen on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen	Digital conference in Germany pits Facebook against European regulators over data use Commentator Andrew Keen says argument highlights data 's role as oil of digital age Keen also questions notion that internet is an engine of progress
CNN  -- A toy helicopter controlled by nothing but brainwaves could be available to the public just in time to hover under this year 's Christmas tree . Currently touted on crowd-funding website Kickstarter -- where it has already exceeded its pledge goal twice over -- the Orbit comes equipped with an electroencephalography  EEG  headset , capable of reading electrical activity along the scalp . "  As you focus your mind on something -- whether it be a math equation or the lyrics of a song -- your brain produces electric signals , " explains Steve Castellotti , CEO and co-founder of Puzzlebox , the San Francisco-based company behind the project . "  The headset monitors those signals and converts them into flight commands , " he says . There are future plans to enable multi-directional control , but in its present incarnation signals sent from the brain can only be used to lift the helicopter off the ground . "  When you concentrate , up it goes ; when you mentally relax , it comes back down again , " explains Castellotti . Aside from its obvious entertainment value , Puzzlebox are pitching the Orbit as an educational toy that will help improve concentration and relaxation skills . According to Castellotti , the art of keeping mentally focused is inherently difficult to master . "  If you 're learning how to ride a bike , there 's a very obvious , physical indication when you improve -- you stop falling off , " says the 34-year-old computer science graduate . "  It 's much harder to know when you 're concentrating properly and , to a lesser extent , relaxing , because there is little scope for accurate , real-time feedback . " Castellotti believes that by providing powerful visual reinforcement in the shape of his telekinesis-powered floating sphere , users will become better able to channel their attentions in other tasks . When it goes into mass production at the end of this month , the Orbit will be available in two models . The first is designed to be used with mobile devices such as tablets and smartphones , which connect via Bluetooth to the accompanying EEG headset , and communicate with sensors on board the helicopter . The second model , available later in the year , comes with a Puzzlebox Pyramid . The Pyramid acts as a home base and remote control unit for the Orbit and features a custom-designed , reprogrammable micro-controller . Infrared LEDs lining the rim of the Pyramid send signals to the helicopter . These can also be reprogrammed to control other infrared gadgets . "  So instead of controlling the helicopter , you could modify the programming of the Pyramid to turn the volume up or down on your television , " Castellotti says . The idea behind the Pyramid is to encourage users to make the transition from a simple consumer to an active participant in the products they buy . "  We want to stimulate curiosity about how it all works , and actively invite anyone who buys the Orbit to take it apart , modify it and reprogram it as they see fit , " he says . As such , Puzzlebox will also freely distribute all material in relation to the project , from the source code to the hardware schematics to how-to guides for dismantling and reassembling the whole thing . "  Sure , it 's a fun toy first and foremost , but once the initial novelty wears off it does n't have to end up at the bottom of the toy box ... it 's yours to reinvent , " he says .	The Orbit uses electrical brainwave signals to issue flight commands San Francisco-based makers Puzzlebox say the toy enhances ability to concentrate To encourage future adaptations , all software and schematics for the Orbit are open source
CNN  -- Real Madrid and Portugal footballer Cristiano Ronaldo has revealed he has become a father for the first time with a mystery woman . The striker , who captained his country recently during a disappointing World Cup campaign in South Africa , announced the surprise news on Twitter and said he planned to raise the baby boy himself . According to media reports , the mother is an unnamed American woman he is no longer with . Ronaldo spent much of last summer in Los Angeles ahead of his $ 100 million transfer from Manchester United to Real Madrid . A statement released on the star 's Facebook page Sunday said : "  It is with great joy and emotion that I inform I have recently become father to a baby boy . "  As agreed with the baby 's mother , who prefers to have her identity kept confidential , my son will be under my exclusive guardianship . "  No further information will be provided on this subject and I request everyone to fully respect my right to privacy  and that of the child  at least on issues as personal as these are . " According to Portuguese newspaper Correio da Manha , Ronaldo 's mother and his sisters are dealing with the paperwork necessary to bring the child to the family home in Portugal . Joao Carvalho , a journalist with Portugal 's TVI network , told CNN the news of Ronaldo 's baby had provoked a mixed reaction in a country where he is regarded as a superstar . "  On one hand , people are unhappy with how he has handled the situation from a PR standpoint , " he said . "  But on the other hand they think having a baby might be beneficial for him , as it will make him more mature and give him some personal stability . " CNN 's Felipe Araujo contributed to this report .	Cristiano Ronaldo reveals he is a father via his Twitter , Facebook accounts Reports : Mother of child is an unnamed American woman Ronaldo said on Facebook page that he has exclusive custody of the boy
Atlanta  CNN  -- The number of documented U.S. cases of fungal meningitis has risen yet again , with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reporting 198 infections Saturday , including 15 deaths . The latest tally is 13 more than the agency reported Friday . And Saturday 's death toll is an increase of one more than the previous day , due to a fatality in Indiana . Meningitis had been reported in 13 states thus far , with Tennessee the hardest hit with 52 documented infections and six deaths . One of the 198 cases reported Saturday is a "  peripheral joint infection " that specifically affects a joint such as a knee , hip , shoulder or elbow . The cases have been linked to injections of a contaminated steroid produced by the New England Compounding Center . Some 14,000 people may have received the injections , the CDC estimated this week . Meningitis outbreak : What are compounding pharmacies ? A Minnesota woman , Barbe Puro , filed a lawsuit Thursday -- which may be the first of its kind -- against the Massachusetts pharmaceutical company at the center of the deadly outbreak . In it , she alleges she was injected in September with a tainted batch of steroids from the NECC . Meanwhile , members of Congress on Friday expanded an investigation into the outbreak . In a letter to the director of the Massachusetts Board of Registration in Pharmacy , leaders of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce noted the Food and Drug Administration sent the NECC a warning letter in 2006 "  detailing significant violations witnessed " by investigators the previous year . Woman sues over outbreak Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick also accused the NECC this week of misleading regulators and operating outside its license by shipping large batches of drugs nationwide . Plus , the state 's pharmacy board mandated that all Massachusetts compounding pharmacies sign affidavits stating they are complying with state regulations requiring compounders to mix medications for specific patients . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens , such as fungi in this case , according to the CDC . Steroid injections common for back pain sufferers Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , is not contagious . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , told CNN that fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms such as headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . CDC : Tests may not detect meningitis fungus	The CDC reports 13 fungal meningitis cases more than Friday They all have been linked to injections of a contaminated steroid Documented cases are reported in 13 states , with Tennessee especially hard hit The outbreak has been linked to a Massachusetts compounding pharmacy
The most persistent holiday health myths are based on kernels of truth . Here are often-repeated adages and why they 're off the mark . Myth 1 : You gain massive weight during holidays . Between Thanksgiving 's turkey , heaps of holiday cookies and weeks of parties , you 're bound to gain some extra padding over the holidays , right ? People tend to gain weight -- about one to two pounds on average , according to several studies . So holiday weight gain may not be as dramatic as it sounds . Before giving yourself license to eat whatever you want this week , do the math : One or two pounds a year can add up quickly . And that one to two pounds is likely only if you 're a person with a normal body mass index . If you 're overweight or obese , the weight gained is more likely to increase -- up to five pounds . -- Children gain about 1.2 pounds during the holiday break , according to a 2010 study published in Clinical Medicine & Research . But they also grew about 0.32 inches , which decreased their body mass index by 0.04 % . When researchers analyzed their findings among the 90 kids , they found that the overweight and obese kids gained significantly more weight and BMI units than children with normal BMIs . -- During the six weeks between Thanksgiving and New Year 's , adults gained about 0.8 pounds , according to a 2000 study published in Nutrition Review . In the study , 14 % of overweight and obese individuals gained more than five pounds during the holiday . In the abstract , the researchers wrote , "  holiday weight gain may be an important contributor to the rising prevalence of obesity , even though absolute values for weight gain in this study were less than anticipated . " Tyler Graham , co-author of "  The Happiness Diet " said non-holidays are more important . "  The big problem is what people are eating day in and day out , " he said . "  People are getting obese and it 's from that day-to-day diet . There are some estimates that Americans drink 600 sodas a year . " What you eat when it is n't Thanksgiving or Christmas "  plays a much bigger role than your holiday eating , " Graham said . Essentially , holiday weight gain occurs , but in small increments that can add up over the years . Myth 2 : Suicides increase during the holidays . The notion that suicides increase during the holidays is widespread . Maybe we 've watched too much "  It 's a Wonderful Life . " Dr. Rachel Vreeman , assistant professor of pediatrics at Indiana University School of Medicine , regularly examines widely held notions about health . She and colleague Aaron Carroll have written books about common medical myths -- "  Do n't Swallow Your Gum ! Myths , Half-Truths , and Outright Lies about your Body and Health " and "  Do n't Cross Your Eyes ... They 'll Get Stuck That Way ! " Back in medical school , Vreeman and Carroll had heard about suicides increasing during the holidays . "  It 's often what we heard , " she said . "  Many of our holidays are in the cold , dark winter months . It made sense that people commit suicide . The holidays might be depressing if you lost a loved one , you 're disappointed , and things are n't matching up to expectation . "  Although it 's a popular assumption , it 's not true . " Vreeman and Carroll have published two articles on medical myths in BMJ . They looked through studies that examined suicide trends throughout the years . One study from Japan during the 1970s to 1990s found lower rates of suicide before the holidays . A U.S. study examining 35 years of data showed no increase in suicides before , during or after the holidays . "  It 's interesting to realize that 's a myth , " Vreeman said . "  I always want to say we take very seriously people who are having suicidal thoughts . It does n't mean it 's possible that someone commits suicide . We should take it seriously . " At the same time , the statistics show that people are n't committing suicide on the holidays as much as the perception . "  It completely goes against what we would predict , " she said . "  There are peaks of suicide in the warmer months , and they are fewer in the winter . It 's true around the world , which is an interesting thing to think about . " -- For suicide prevention and help contact the 24-hour telephone line by the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 . Myth 3 : The most dangerous day to drive in the U.S. is New Year 's Eve . Lots of people will toast the new year , drink and then drive . But New Year 's Eve is not the most dangerous day for traffic fatalities . According to a report by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety , a nonprofit funded by auto insurers , the most dangerous day for drivers is July 4 . The group looked at deaths in auto crashes from 2005 to 2009 . July 4 topped the list with 144 average deaths . It was followed by September 2 -- around Labor Day -- August 13 , July 15 , May 20 and November 11 . New Year 's ranked No. 7 , with 130 average deaths . The AAA Foundation also reached similar conclusions . In its analysis of 2000 and 2009 data , more people died in motor vehicle crashes on July 4 than any other day of the year , according to its press release . But there is a grain of truth in drunken-driving dangers on New Year 's . While the IIHS tallied total auto-related deaths , AAA looked at a subset of deaths -- specifically drunk driving-related deaths . In that category , New Year 's Day had the highest number of deaths in one day for deaths related to driving under the influence , according to AAA . It 's also the most deadly day to be a pedestrian . According to a 2005 article in the journal Injury Prevention , New Year 's Day had more pedestrian deaths than Halloween -- largely due to alcohol . In a study examining data from 1986 to 2002 , 58 % of pedestrians who died had high alcohol levels in their blood . January 1 might not be the most dangerous day to drive , but it could be the most dangerous day to walk .	Holiday weight gain is usually 1-2 pounds ; more for overweight people Suicides do not increase around the holidays New Year 's is a dangerous day to drive , but not the deadliest
CNN  -- "  We aim 2 Tease , Please & Satisfy , " the online classified ads said , according to police , but instead a Florida prostitution business allegedly lured men with the promise of sex with underage girls and robbed them instead . A 22-year-old Deltona woman described by the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office as the "  ringleader " of the operation is now facing 12 felony charges and one misdemeanor . Devin Rachelle Miller allegedly ran the business out of her home for at least four months , according to a sheriff 's office press release , soliciting men with ads on backpage.com that showed pictures of what appeared to be underage girls and included phrases like "  Hey Fellas Ready To Have the Night You 've Always Dreamed Of ? " and "  Twice the Fun , Twice the Exitment "  sic  . An arrest affidavit obtained by HLN states that the sheriff 's office was first alerted to the ads in December via a tip submitted to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children claiming that the females in the ads looked young . Another tip submitted last month specifically alleged that one of the females in an ad was underage . According to an arrest affidavit , investigators determined that one of the girls was 16 and had been reported missing on March 5 and recovered on March 24 . Investigators interviewed that teen , and according to the arrest affidavit , she claimed men responding to the ads would pay to have sex acts performed by Miller or other females , but Miller and her male associates often robbed them at gunpoint when they arrived . The teen said that they sometimes stole up to $ 400 from "  dates " who came to the house looking for sex . "  Devin would tell the guys that if they reported the robbery or the prostitution , that she would tell the police that they were at the house for prostitution and that they could go to jail , " the arrest affidavit alleged . Miller allegedly told the 16-year-old and a 17-year-old who was serving as a live-in nanny for a 2-year-old child in the home that she made thousands of dollars a week from the business . One of the teens told investigators that "  Devin was the ` PIMP , ' the head leader and posted all of the backpage.com ads " and that she received a cut of any money the girls earned , the arrest affidavit stated . According to the sheriff 's office , the 2-year-old girl was sometimes present in the house when prostitution , drug use and robberies occurred . Miller remains in custody at Volusia County Jail with bond set at $ 26,500 . She is facing five counts of procuring a person under the age of 18 for prostitution , five counts of deriving support from the proceeds of prostitution , and one count each of unlawful use of a two-way communications device , child neglect and petit theft . A public defender appointed to represent Miller had not returned HLN 's calls Wednesday afternoon seeking comment on the case . Miller 's arraignment is scheduled for April 24 .	A Florida woman promised clients sex with underage girls but robbed them instead , police say Devin Rachelle Miller , 22 , places ads on website to find clients , affidavit says She told clients she would report them if they reported the robbery , witness tells police
Investigators believe a killer is among them , strolling the lush streets of this coastal California community , on the hunt for another victim . A police sketch circulates around town , along with a detailed description : A white male , 56 to 60 , last seen wearing a white shirt and aviator glasses . His motive : aggravation . Authorities say the suspect may be so tired of roaming peacocks in this high-end community on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in Los Angeles County that he 's systematically killing them . But this time he may have slipped up . In July , a witness spotted the man pull up in a Mercedes Benz and open fire on a peacock with a pellet gun . That brings the death toll to 50 in two years , and Lt. Cesar Perea of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Los Angeles wants to know whether his latest suspect is behind them all or just a copycat . If someone in the neighborhood knows , they have n't talked . In fact , it 's not hard to find those who say the peacocks are anything but innocent victims , as they peck the paint off cars , squawk into the night and leave a mess wherever they go . And for that reason , suspects could be on any block . But the sketch released in the latest killing has broken the case open , says Perea . He 's narrowed his list of suspects and has forensic evidence that would rival any homicide investigation . "  We needed that type of technology to be able to identify exactly what the projectiles were , " he said . But it did n't come easy . Perea first took the dead bird to his usual lab for a necropsy , but it lacked the science needed to identify and preserve the pellet . That 's when he took the bird to the coroner -- the same one doing autopsies on murder victims , only this time their victim was a peacock . "  The coroner was able to X-ray the bird , identify entry wounds and they were able to recover the projectiles , which we were able to impound for forensic evidence , " Perea said . Meaning , the pellets are so well-preserved that they 'll be used in court once the peacock killer is caught . "  Now , looking back on it , it is pretty extraordinary to think we actually used human science in an animal case , " he said . Upping his game was a must , Perea says , as bird after bird turned up dead . Not all can be traced to human hands , but when they are , "  it 's cruel . " "  A lot of these birds are being shot and left to die for days and days , " Perea said . "  We have found birds that have had projectiles in their bodies for weeks . " Peacocks take over "  Jackie , " she calls out . "  Come here Jackie ! " Eunice Berman calls all her peacocks Jackie . Well , they 're not hers , but they 've taken a liking to her property and her kindness . In a tightly wound neighborhood where threats range from curious children-at-play to roaring trash trucks , Berman 's property is a peacock sanctuary . "  Who would n't love them , " she says , now almost nose-to-nose with Jackie . "  Just look at them , they 're so beautiful . " Berman has lived here since 1983 , but even at that length , the peacocks predate her by more than half a century . Local historians say the peacocks and other types of birds were brought here in 1913 by New York banker Frank Vanderlip while he developed the region . He gave most of his birds away during the Depression but kept the peacocks until his death in 1937 . "  But the 24 peacocks that lived loose around Frank Vanderlip 's property had chicks , their chicks had chicks , and their families thrived , " wrote his granddaughter Narcissa Vanderlip for the introduction to "  Palo 's World , " one of several children 's books inspired by the peafowl . Now , a century later , the peacocks are so rooted in the community they 're a fixture on signs and mailboxes and have inspired a golf tournament at the local country club . "  I had a pine tree in the backyard and every night , 40 peacocks would gather in it . I used to have ` peeking at peacocks potlucks , ' " said Bob , a neighbor on Buckskin Lane too embarrassed to share a last name . "  This went on for 20 years , then I married a woman who did n't like the sound of them , so she made me cut down the tree . " Peacock pranks Wearing a badge and carrying a gun , California law gives Perea of the SPCA full police power while investigating cruelty cases . It 's serious business to him , so when he released a composite sketch of the peacock killer , he thought the community would immediately turn him in . That was n't the case . "  People would call in saying they thought it was Jon Voight or Mike Ditka , " Perea says of the prank calls he received . "  I did get a call where the message was peacocks squawking , so we had a joke in the office that the peacocks were trying to contact us and tell us who the suspect was . " Finding the humor is temporary relief from a frustrating case that has dragged on for two years . Perea says he 's sure of two things : The suspect lives in the community and if he is n't found , another bird will turn up dead . "  It 's no way for any living thing to die , to just deteriorate because of somebody 's violence . " Perea said . Such is life on the streets for the peacocks of Palos Verdes -- not exactly the world depicted in the children 's book "  Palo 's World . " Then again , on page 9 , a mother peahen sadly warns her chicks : "  The neighborhood is full of danger for peacocks . "	In the lush hills of a California enclave , peacocks have proliferated for decades Fifty of the birds have been killed over the past two years Lt. Cesar Perea of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is on the case He 's employing techniques usually used in human slayings to solve the mystery
CNN  -- There 's a lot of head-scratching at the CIA over an article in Vanity Fair magazine that dubs Erik Prince , the founder of the notorious private military contractor Blackwater , a "  tycoon , contractor , soldier , spy . " In the piece , he comes across as so entrenched with the CIA that the agency needs him to perform the most sensitive secret missions , including those involving hunting down and taking out al Qaeda operatives . It 's true that Prince , as the sole owner of one of the most well-connected private military contractors in modern history , is in a position of enormous trust within the government . So why is it that he 's lashing out publicly at that same government ? Prince , a 40-year-old former Navy SEAL , inherited what he called a sizable amount of money when his father died in the late '90s . He 's used that money to help climb to the top of an industry that has mushroomed since the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 . He built Blackwater , now operating under the name Xe , from the ground up , into a sprawling complex with enough tanks , planes and ammunition to launch a small war of its own . When President Obama addressed the nation and talked about his Afghanistan strategy , he did n't talk about the shadow army already employed there . There are more private contractors in Afghanistan on the U.S. payroll than there are U.S. troops . While Prince is a huge beneficiary of U.S. contract dollars , he has long been frustrated by two things . First , he does n't like the reputation his company has gained , with his men painted as ruthless cowboys -- which some are , but some are n't . Second , he believes some people in the government just do n't appreciate him the way they should . Prince uses the Vanity Fair article to re-air a lot of his complaints , but the story contains a great deal of classified information , with details about covert programs that involved him . So does that mean that when convenient , he uses that information to help express his frustration ? Prince unabashedly criticizes parts of the government he does n't like . And some current and former government sources question whether that 's a smart move . They ask whether , as a man who benefits financially from those contracts , he should really go public with his criticisms of the same government that signs his checks . Although the CIA has never publicly confirmed Prince 's involvement -- it has become common knowledge in the industry he disclosed details of that relationship to me , among many other things , in the book I wrote on him that was published earlier this year . A lot of those details came up again in this latest article , but Prince went even further this time . The Vanity Fair article reports that Prince is "  privately and secretly doing the CIA 's bidding , helping to craft , fund and execute operations ranging from inserting personnel into "  denied areas , " places U.S. intelligence has trouble penetrating , to assembling hit teams targeting al Qaeda members and their allies . " Some former CIA officials are , quite frankly , annoyed . Not only do they believe that Prince is overplaying any role he may have had or still has with the agency , but they believe he is exploiting it for personal gain . Few of the sources I talked with wanted their names associated with Prince or his company , but when asked about the Vanity Fair article , CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano told me the agency has never "  talked about what role contractors may or may not have played in ... initiatives over the years . But what no one should forget or overlook is the fact that this agency has the talent , tools , and authorities to go after terrorists , and has done so successfully . " In other words : We can do our own jobs just fine , thank you very much , Mr. Prince . Another source with former ties to the CIA was outraged by the article , saying that Prince was putting a target on the backs of his own men by alluding to a close relationship between Blackwater and the agency . He fears that all around the world , Blackwater contractors would be perceived as agents of the CIA . A government official who also thought that the article exaggerated Prince 's role in the CIA put it this way : "  Blackwater has good people . They do hard work , sharing the burdens of service overseas . But they 're not well-served by strange tales , the kind of stuff you saw in Vanity Fair about miraculous penetrations of hard intelligence targets or private assassination squads with their fingers on the trigger . "  That should all be shelved under fiction , the kind of stories that end with the alarm clock going off and mom calling you down to breakfast , " the official said . What the article does n't say is just how much of a PR headache Prince has become . One of the lessons that has come with the marriage between private and military is that for a private business , PR can be crucial to your survival ; for a covert operation , it can be deadly . Striking a balance between the two has been the source of much hand-wringing in Washington . But no matter how you feel about private military contracting , it is here to stay . All of the major U.S. agencies -- the State Department , the Department of Defense , the CIA -- do business with Prince , and all are dependent on contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan . I flew with Prince to Afghanistan shortly after the shootings in a Baghdad traffic circle in September of 2007 that killed 17 people . Blackwater guards were accused . Four pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial ; a fifth struck a deal with prosecutors . Prince 's frustration was obvious . He felt like he had given everything to his country and that his country had let him down in countless ways ; namely by not defending him publicly when his company came under fire after the shootings . Prince says he does what he does for love of country , but of course , he does n't do it for free . His companies have received well over a billion dollars in the process . I asked his spokesperson to comment on concerns that Prince might be jeopardizing agency programs by going public with the details -- after all , he does have a security clearance . The response was this : "  Truth is he is a quiet hero , a great patriot and American . We need more men like him . " Quiet ? Really ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Suzanne Simons .	CIA dealing with revelations by Erik Prince , founder of military contractor Blackwater He paints himself in magazine article as entrenched in sensitive CIA secret missions Suzanne Simons says many are annoyed Prince complains about government that pays him well She says military contractors have more people in Afghanistan than U.S. troops there
NSA leaker Edward Snowden accused New Zealand Prime Minister John Key of misleading the public over the country 's spying activities , as the nation 's explosive election campaign reached a crescendo Monday . The claims were made at a packed public meeting in Auckland 's Town Hall , organized by the German tech entrepreneur Kim Dotcom , that was billed as a "  Moment of Truth " for the election campaign . Dotcom had hyped the event as a "  game-changer " that could alter the course of this Saturday 's general election . Appearing onstage alongside Dotcom were journalist Glenn Greenwald , who broke the NSA leaks story , lawyer Robert Amsterdam , and Laila Harre , the leader of the political party founded by Dotcom . Snowden , who is evading U.S. authorities in Moscow , and Wikileaks founder Julian Assange , who is confined to Ecuador 's embassy in London , spoke via video-link . Drawing on information contained in Snowden 's NSA leaks and elaborating on articles they had published earlier in the day , Snowden and Greenwald said New Zealand was involved in mass electronic surveillance activities as part of the Five Eyes intelligence partnership with the United States , the United Kingdom , Canada and Australia . The pair said their information showed that New Zealanders were subject to mass electronic surveillance via the "  XKeyscore " software tool that New Zealand intelligence agency the Government Communications Security Bureau  GCSB  shared with the NSA . They claimed this directly contradicted Key 's assertion that "  there is not , and never has been , mass surveillance of New Zealanders undertaken by the GCSB . " Rather , Snowden wrote : "  If you live in New Zealand , you are being watched . " He also claimed during his remarks that the NSA operated two facilities in New Zealand . READ MORE : What is XKeyscore ? Key said in a statement he would not address the XKeyscore matter , saying "  we do n't discuss the specific programs the GCSB may , or may not use . "  But the GCSB does not collect mass metadata on New Zealanders , therefore it is clearly not contributing such data to anything or anyone . " Key has previously told reporters that he and the head of GCSB would resign if the spy agency were found to have conducted mass surveillance . Project ` Speargun ' Greenwald said Key had also misled the New Zealand public when the government was seeking to pass controversial , beefed-up spying laws last year , by giving assurances the new legislation would not allow mass metadata collection on the New Zealand public . On the contrary , claimed Greenwald , the bill , which narrowly passed into law , was designed to enable just that . Leaked NSA documents appeared to show that at around the time Key was making his public assurances around the planned legislation , the GCSB was implementing the first phase of a mass surveillance program code-named "  Speargun , " Greenwald said . "  Speargun , " which would have involved tapping into the Southern Cross undersea telecommunications cable to harvest internet data , would have required the expanded laws to operate , and would have constituted "  the greatest expansion of GCSB spying activities in decades , " he wrote . The claims prompted the government to acknowledge the existence of plans for the "  cable access surveillance program " for the first time . In a statement , Key said the government had begun work on presenting a business case for the project , described as a "  cyber security protection initiative . " But the project was ultimately shelved , he said . "  The business case for the highest form of protection was never completed or presented to cabinet and never approved . Put simply , it never happened , " he said . Anthony Briscoe , chief executive of Southern Cross Cables , released a statement saying there was "  no facility by the NSA , the GCSB or anyone else on the Southern Cross cable network . " War of words The conflicting claims over the government 's spying activities have sparked a harsh war of words between Key and Greenwald , with the prime minister labeling the latter a "  clown " and "  Dotcom 's little henchman " in remarks to reporters . "  If this loser 's going to come to town and try to tell me , five days before an election , staying at the Dotcom mansion ... he 's doing anything other than Dotcom 's bidding ? Please do n't insult me with that , " Key told a radio interviewer . In response , Greenwald told the Auckland Town Hall audience it was a new experience to arrive in a foreign country and be "  publicly maligned and attacked by the nation 's head of state using the most adolescent set of epithets imaginable . " He had not been called a loser "  since I was , like , 14 years old , " he said . Dotcom in politics A New Zealand resident since 2010 , Dotcom is fighting a battle in New Zealand courts to avoid extradition to the United States , where he faces major criminal copyright charges relating to his now-defunct cloud storage site , Megaupload . The site is alleged to have facilitated the piracy of hundreds of millions of dollars worth of films and music . At odds with the government since his 2012 arrest , Dotcom has gradually emerged as a significant player on the fringe of New Zealand politics . While as a non-citizen , he can not run for office , he has formed a political party , the Internet Party , which has campaigned on a platform of Internet freedom , digital rights and opposing government electronic surveillance . The party has formed an alliance with the Maori nationalist Mana Party which , on current polling , looks set to win two seats in parliament . READ MORE : Who is Kim Dotcom ? Dotcom himself was subjected to illegal surveillance by the GCSB prior to his arrest . The surveillance was unlawful at the time , as the GCSB was not permitted to spy on New Zealand residents , although those laws have since been changed . The seizure of his electronic data by U.S. authorities has also been ruled illegal by a New Zealand court . In his fight against extradition , Dotcom has argued he is a victim of a conspiracy by the New Zealand and U.S. governments and Hollywood . He claims his arrest in a military-style police raid over criminal copyright charges is a clear-cut example of prosecutorial overreach , and a case study in the way in which the surveillance state was being harnessed to pursue commercial interests rather than protect citizens from terrorism . READ MORE -- Kim Dotcom writes : ` Why New Zealand is a slave to U.S. interests ' He has repeatedly outlined his beliefs that the New Zealand government decided to grant him residence in 2010 -- over the objections of intelligence officials -- only in order to facilitate his extradition to the United States . He claims he was used as a bargaining chip in the New Zealand government 's negotiations with Hollywood executives over the filming of "  The Hobbit " trilogy . Warner Brothers were threatening to relocate the production of the films in a spat over New Zealand 's employment laws , at around the same time in October 2010 at which Dotcom 's residency application was being considered . Key has previously rejected those claims , saying he did not know of Dotcom 's existence until more than a year later , immediately prior to his arrest . Smoking gun ? But in the lead-up to his event Monday night , Dotcom released to the New Zealand Herald newspaper what he claimed was an email between Hollywood executives which backed his version of events . He gave no account of the email 's provenance , but the newspaper reported it the email was one of the main bombshells Dotcom had planned for his "  Moment of Truth " event . Dated October 27 , 2010 , it purports to be from Warner Brothers chairman and chief executive Kevin Tsujihara to a senior executive at the Motion Picture Association of America , the lobby group for Hollywood studios . Titled "  MegaRIP , " the purported email read : "  We had a really good meeting with the Prime Minister . He 's a fan and we 're getting what we came for . Your groundwork in New Zealand is paying off . I see strong support for our anti-piracy effort . "  John Key told me in private that they are granting Dotcom residency despite pushback from officials about his criminal past . His AG will do everything in his power to assist us with our case . VIP treatment and then a one-way ticket to Virginia . " But Warner Brothers , the MPAA and Key 's office all rejected the email 's authenticity . "  Kevin Tsujihara did not write or send the alleged email , and he never had any such conversation with Prime Minister Key , " Paul McGuire , Warner Brothers ' senior vice president of worldwide corporate communications , told CNN via email . Warner Brothers is owned by Time Warner which also owns Turner Broadcasting , the parent company of CNN . Key released a statement saying : "  The conversation allegedly reported on in the email did not take place . People will see this for what it is . " Dotcom did not raise the subject of the email during the Town Hall event , and did not address questions on it at a subsequent press conference , other than to say he believed it "  to be 100 per cent true . " Hone Harawira , the leader of the Mana Party , has lodged a complaint with parliament 's Speaker to investigate the email . ` Dirty politics ' New Zealand 's election campaign has been unusually controversial this year . While Key 's National Party has a strong lead in the polls , it has been hit by a string of scandals , following the publication of a book alleging the government was outsourcing its political smears to a controversial "  attack blogger . " The affair led to the resignation of a senior minister and two official inquiries being launched into allegations raised . READ MORE : ` House of Cards ' in the South Pacific : New Zealand 's dirty election campaign	NSA leaker Edward Snowden accused NZ PM John Key of misleading public over spying He was speaking at an event organized by Kim Dotcom billed as the election 's "  moment of truth " Dotcom is battling extradition on U.S. copyright charges and has formed a political party Dotcom was the subject of unlawful surveillance by a NZ intelligence agency
CNN  -- Authorities believe that a registered sex offender who this month admitted killing two California teenagers attempted to follow an 11-year-old girl walking home from school the day before one of the teens disappeared , according to documents filed in the case . John Albert Gardner , 31 , pleaded guilty April 16 to killing Chelsea King , 17 , and Amber Dubois , 14 . He also pleaded guilty to a charge of assault with intent to commit rape in a December incident involving a third woman . King was last seen leaving Poway High School in suburban San Diego , California , on February 25 . Her car , with her cell phone inside , was found at Rancho Bernardo Community Park . King was known to run on the park 's trails . Her disappearance triggered a massive search that ended a few days later , when King 's remains were found in the park . Dubois disappeared in February 2009 while walking to school in Escondido , California . She was considered a missing person for more than a year until her remains were found in March . Prosecutors said Gardner led police to Dubois ' body after being assured that it would not be used against him in court . Gardner avoided the death penalty with his guilty plea but will be sentenced June 1 to two consecutive life terms without the possibility of parole , under terms of the plea deal with prosecutors . On February 24 , a day before King went missing , an 11-year-old girl reported that she was walking home from school when she heard a vehicle slowly approaching her from behind , according to an affidavit requesting a police search of Gardner 's home , posted on the website of CNN affiliate KTLA-TV . The documents were unsealed Monday , KTLA reported . The girl told police the vehicle drove past her and then parked about 30 feet in front of her , the documents said . The driver stayed in the vehicle , the girl said , and did not attempt to speak to her . But a woman pulled up next to the girl and told her the person in the vehicle "  seemed very suspicious " and offered to follow her home , according to the affidavit . The man , who was in a black car , then made a U-turn and left , and the woman followed the girl the remaining two blocks to her house , the documents said . The girl 's mother called police after her daughter told her what happened . The girl 's mother told authorities that after seeing a photo of Gardner following his arrest in the King case , her daughter said Gardner was "  the guy in the car , " the affidavit said . Gardner 's girlfriend drives a black 2002 Nissan Sentra , according to the documents . The documents also detail the December assault on the third woman near where King 's car was found at the park . She told authorities she was on a hiking trail and a man walked past her , the affidavit said . She told him , "  Good morning , " and he returned the greeting , but then tackled her from the side as he passed her , knocking her to the ground on her back . The man pinned her to the ground , and she screamed while struggling with him , the affidavit said . He told her to "  shut up , " and she said , "  You 're going to have to kill me . " "  That can be arranged , " he responded . The man then demanded money from her , the affidavit said . She was able to sit up and used her elbow to strike him in the nose , telling police she felt "  the crunch of cartilage . " The man let go of her and grabbed his nose , she said , and she ran . A woman also told police that she saw Gardner on the jogging trails near the park on the day King disappeared , the affidavit said . She said he was sitting and drinking a beer and had several empty beer cans around him . He warned her about a rattlesnake that was nearby , and they spoke briefly . The woman said she ran past the man and then talked to him some more on her return trip . The man was wearing blue jeans and a Hard Rock Cafe T-shirt , she said , according to the affidavit . A second woman also recalled seeing a man in the Hard Rock Cafe shirt on a trail that day about 3 p.m. , about an hour and a half after the first woman said she saw him , the affidavit said . The same woman believes she saw King on the trail as well . Both women told police they were 100 percent sure the man they saw was Gardner , the affidavit said . The area where the second woman recalled seeing Gardner was "  300 yards from where the panties of Chelsea King were found and about a mile from where the body of Chelsea King was found , " the affidavit said . At the time of his arrest , Gardner was a registered sex offender . In 2000 he was convicted of two counts of lewd and lascivious acts with a child under 14 and a count of false imprisonment , according to a probation officer 's report . The victim in that case was a 13-year-old girl , who was molested and beaten when she tried to resist , the report said . "  The defendant ... manifests marked predatory traits and is not seen as a suitable candidate for sex offender treatment insofar as he refuses to accept any responsibility for what he has done , " according to the 2000 report . Gardner knew the girl and was a former neighbor of hers , the report said . "  The fact that he would try to force himself on her sexually is indefensible but then to beat her as he did out of frustration ... represents a qualitative leap to extremely serious criminal behavior . " The report recommended that Gardner be sentenced to six years in prison . KTLA reported that he served five years before being paroled .	Officials say John Albert Gardner III followed girl , 11 , but was scared off Gardner admitted killing Chelsea King , 17 , and Amber Dubois , 14 Jogger who was attacked also identified Gardner , documents show Probation report reveals details of earlier sexual assault of teenage neighbor
CNN  -- A state of emergency in Myanmar was put in place to stop "  attempts by a small number of people to spread ... violence to other parts of the country , " President Thein Sein said Thursday . In his first speech since making the emergency declaration last week in response to clashes between Buddhists and Muslims , he accused "  instigators " of escalating a private dispute into sectarian violence that killed at least 40 people last week . "  We did not resort to the use of force immediately mainly because we do not want any possible endangerment of our ongoing democratic transition and reform efforts , " the president said . "  That said , I am firmly committed to use the power vested in me by the constitution to deploy our security forces and to use existing laws to prevent and protect the life , liberty and security of my fellow citizens . " The president said some were exploiting the situation to engineer violence in other parts of the country . "  I would like to warn all political opportunists and religious extremists who try to exploit the noble teachings of these religions and have tried to plant hatred among people of different faiths for their own self-interest : Their efforts will not be tolerated , " he said . During the clashes in Meiktila , which were reportedly set off by a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers , rioters set fire to houses , schools and mosques , prompting thousands of residents to flee their homes . The government declared a state of emergency in the city Friday , allowing the military to help reinstate order . But as the situation there appeared to calm , authorities reported arson attacks by groups of Buddhists in other towns in the region over the weekend . One group , the Myanmar Islamic Religious Organization , blamed the government for the loss of lives . "  It is analyzed that loss of Muslims ' lives and properties , mosques and religious schools in this way are due to weakness and omission of administrative authorities to provide protection and take action effectively , " the organization said in a statement . The unrest highlights the fragility of ethnic relations in Myanmar , also known as Burma , as it emerges from decades of military repression . Authorities have released thousands of political prisoners and pursued peace talks with rebel groups in the past two years . The clashes in Meiktila and elsewhere have drawn expressions of concern from U.N. and U.S. officials . The sudden boiling over of tensions between Buddhists and Muslims in central Myanmar follows sectarian troubles that killed scores of people in the western part of the country last year . Those clashes , in Rakhine state , took place between the Buddhist majority and the Rohingya , a stateless ethnic Muslim group . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Myanmar 's president speaks for the first time since declaring state of emergency He blames "  instigators " for trying to spread violence At least 40 people were killed last week in sectarian violence
CNN  -- Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom and his wife , Sandra Torres de Colom , have filed for divorce in an attempt to clear the way for the first lady to run for the presidency , Guatemalan Judge Mildred Roca told CNN . Torres jumped in the race for president on March 9 , but she has been dogged by critics who called her candidacy illegitimate because of a constitutional article that bars relatives of the president from seeking the high office . The couple filed for divorce on March 11 , the family court judge said . The divorce petition was a "  mutual agreement , " so judicial hearings will not be necessary , Roca said . Under Guatemalan law , within eight days of the divorce petition being filed , both parties must meet with a conciliatory commission to examine if the marriage can be saved . If not , then the divorce can be finalized in another eight days . Roca declined to say whether Colom and Torres met with such a commission . In an interview with CNN en Espanol the day before she filed for divorce , Torres declined to say whether divorce was an option to see her candidacy go forward . She did say , however , that she and her husband had an "  excellent relationship , " and that she was very happy . Torres claimed that under Guatemala 's civil code , marriage does not constitute a relation that is banned under the constitution , and she said that her candidacy was legitimate even without divorce . "  I have the legitimate right to participate , the political right , the human right , to be a presidential candidate , " she said . Critics are calling the divorce a fraud to circumvent the anti-nepotism article in the constitution , but Roca said that because the divorce is mutually agreed upon , no reason or cause need be given . "  Their intentions are a personal matter , " the judge said . If mutual , the only requirement to is have been married for longer than one year . Torres and Colom have been married for eight . Torres and Colom belong to the National Unity of Hope , or UNE , party . In a statement , the party confirmed the pending divorce , stating that the goal was "  to avoid further political manipulations from the opposition . " "  They were in a situation that was difficult , but for the good of the nation , " said Jaime Martinez , general secretary of the Grand National Alliance party , which is allied with UNE . "  They are doing it for national interests and not personal interests . They are making a sacrifice . " Constitutional lawyer Carlos Molina Mencos told the Guatemalan newspaper Prensa Libre that the politically motivated divorce made a farce out of the institution of marriage . "  As public figures , they should set an example , and the worst part is that they are taking these actions only for the possibility of a candidacy , " he told the paper . "  This means that if they win they can reunite , or if not , they can also reunite . This is a mockery . "	President Alvaro Colom and wife Sandra Torres de Colom filed for divorce on March 11 Critics have said that Torres can not run because she is related to the president Because it is mutual , no cause is needed for the divorce
CNN  -- A frigid winter storm system that put Dallas in the deep freeze will hit the East Coast on Sunday . Lucky for those people , it should be a one-day affair . Snow , ice or freezing rain will fall on Washington , Philadelphia , New York City and Boston on Sunday , the National Weather Service said . On Monday , temperatures will rise into the 40s and any accumulation should start to melt , the weather service predicts . Folks in other parts of the country will need an extra blanket on the bed . Unseasonably cold weather will continue . On Sunday , temperatures are expected to only reach about 10 degrees in the northern and central Rockies , the northern Plains and the upper Midwest . Sleet and freezing rain is forecast from the Tennessee Valley to Mid-Atlantic on Sunday . Parts of Texas , the Upper South and the Midwest socked by the winter storm will warm up just a little bit on Sunday . The Weather Service said the temps will rise into the high 30s and 40s , but drop below freezing again Sunday night . How cold was it ? On Saturday Southern Methodist University gave away tickets for its football game with Central Florida but did n't get many takers . All but a few seats in the stadium were empty . The high temperature at the Dallas/Fort Worth airport Saturday was 26 degrees -- the coldest high temperature ever recorded there on December 7 and the coldest December day in Dallas/Fort Worth in 23 years , CNN affiliate WFAA-TV reported . At least seven people have died in storm-related incidents , with the Texas State Patrol reporting two weather-related fatalities on Saturday but providing no details . In Lewisville , about 25 miles north of Dallas , the driver of a pickup lost control on an icy road , spun out of control on a road over Lake Lewisville , went over a guard rail and landed in the water . Firefighters dove into the frigid water and towed the truck to the bridge . The unidentified driver died . A passenger was killed Thursday when a vehicle lost control and crashed into another car in Hockley County , the Texas Department of Public Safety said . In Arkansas man was killed late Thursday when a tree fell on his camper in Pope County , the Department of Emergency Management said . Highway Patrol officials in Oklahoma blamed at least one death , in Muskogee , on the weather . In New Mexico , one person died when a semi crashed near Clines Corners . The storm took a toll on travel , causing hundreds of car crashes and forcing the cancellation of hundreds of departures at Dallas/FortWorth International Airport . The FAA said Saturday operations had returned to normal . Abandoned cars littered the interstate outside Dallas . Winter came much earlier than usual in many sections of the nation . Farmersburg , Indiana , recorded up to 10 inches of snow Thursday and temperatures fell into the single digits at night . "  This was early for us to have this much measurable snow late in the fall , but has happened before , " Mark Ivy told CNN iReport . "  It is more the cold that is unusual . " In East Kingsford , Michigan , iReporter Jason Asselin said he 's covering blankets to keep you the cold . "  In December , our average temperatures are in the 20s , " he said . "  Currently it is zero degrees outside . " Across the High Plains and into the Great Lakes , temperatures were expected to be 10 to 35 degrees below average , with wind chill values predicted to reach 35 to 45 degrees below zero in some areas . From the central Appalachians through central New England , snow is expected into early Saturday morning , the National Weather Service said . It was cold in Memphis , Tennessee , for a second straight day , with a high of 24 degrees . The weather will be a little warmer Sunday and Monday , with the mercury creeping up to 36 and 43 degrees , respectively . The governors of Tennessee and Arkansas declared states of emergency ahead of the worst of the storm . CNN 's Melissa Lefevre , Jennifer Gray , Samantha Mohr , Jason Morris and Dave Hennen contributed to this report .	NEW : Washington , Philadelphia will see snow Sunday , warm up Monday NEW : Very low temperatures remain across the United States NEW : Dallas should thaw out a little on Sunday NEW : Few takers for free football tickets in Dallas
Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic ca n't stop playing classics . Two months after their five-set thriller at the French Open , Nadal beat Djokovic 6-4 , 3-6 , 7-6 to reach the Rogers Cup final in Montreal . In a contest with memorable baseline rallies that routinely got the crowd off their feet , it was Nadal -- just like in Paris -- who prevailed to set up a clash with home favorite Milos Raonic . Nadal stormed to a 6-0 lead in the tiebreak and when Djokovic sent a forehand long on Nadal 's third match point , the Spaniard recorded his first win on hard courts over the Serb in three years . He improved to 9-0 on hard courts this season and boosted his overall record against Djokovic to 21-15 . "  To play very well , I have to play aggressive , " Nadal was quoted as saying by the ATP 's website . "  If not , I can not play well on this kind of surface . And I did . "  I played a very high level tonight I think . I played with the right decisions in the important moments . Yes , the serve worked well during the whole night . And the shots from the baseline , I tried to stay very close to the baseline . " The loss is a blow to Djokovic , whose best surface is hard courts . He had won the tournament the previous two years . "  There were very few points that decided the winner , " Djokovic was quoted as saying by the ATP 's website . "  I had my chances , he had his chances . I guess at the end he played better . "  Whenever we play against each other , it 's always a thrilling match for the crowd to see . " Raonic defeated his fellow Canadian Vasek Pospisil in another third-set tiebreak , 6-4 , 1-6 , 7-6 . The big-serving Raonic suffered a dip in his game the past couple of months but has awoken at home and will now crack the top 10 -- a first for a Canadian man in singles . He is bidding to become the first Canadian to win the event in the Open era . Nadal , however , leads their head-to-heads 3-0 without dropping a set . At the women 's event in Toronto , top-seed Serena Williams faces Romanian Sorana Cirstea in the final after Cirstea upset grand slam winner Li Na in the semis .	Rafael Nadal edges Novak Djokovic at the Rogers Cup to reach the final The last time Nadal beat Djokovic on a hard court was three years ago He faces Milos Raonic in Sunday 's final after Raonic beat fellow Canadian Vasek Pospisil
Hong Kong 's democracy movement has raised issues such as income inequality and an increasing cheerless economic outlook , especially for the younger generation . Not coincidentally , these are the same issues that are causing Singaporeans to despair over their future . Despite the fact that , according to the Economic Intelligence Unit , Singapore lays claim to the dubious honor of being the most expensive city in the world , there is no minimum wage in Singapore . Is it any wonder then , that amongst comparable economies , the island-state has one of the highest levels of income inequality ? Singapore has the highest proportion of millionaires in the world but nearly 5 % of the workforce have an annual income of less than U.S. $ 5,000 , according to a 2011 report by The Straits Times . And it 's not just the lower-income workers who are getting pounded . The middle-class squeeze is as prevalent as ever . Nearly 50 % of Singaporeans subsist from paycheck to paycheck , saving less than 10 % of their monthly incomes . An alarming 14 % have no savings at all . If and when an economic whirlwind visits , many will be left unable to cope . Working conditions have also deteriorated . For years , Singaporean workers have worked more hours than in most countries , and , perhaps unsurprisingly it has resulted in an extremely unhappy workforce . The death of innovation What facilitated such a dismal outcome ? One major factor is the lack of dissenting views . The ranks of the opposition , civil society and labor movement have been decimated in the last 50 years through imprisonment without trial and criminal prosecution , and nearly every newspaper , TV channel and radio station is owned and run by the state . Without an opposing voice , the echo chamber in government simply grew louder . Singapore 's first prime minister Lee Kuan Yew has argued that the practice of democracy serves only to undermine political stability and , therefore , economic progress . The strategy that Lee articulates , what might be called the Singapore model , bifurcates the economics of a community from its politics , the goal being to maintain absolute power while pursuing economic growth . But this authoritarian system has backfired . It has robbed the Singaporean society of the verve needed to take the economy to the next level where ideas and innovation are essential . Steve Wozniak said that Singapore could not produce a company like Apple because the system has destroyed "  creative elements " that give rise to innovative companies . While Singapore 's mercantilism appears the epitome of success , it is an economy unable to regenerate itself . The situation has deteriorated to the point that it has to rely on foreigners to stimulate growth . Lee Kuan Yew , its first prime minister and architect of the country 's one-party rule , said , in a stunning admission , that "  without -LSB- foreigners -RSB- , the jobs will not be there to begin with . " Singapore is like a Ponzi scheme which needs new immigrants just to keep the economy ticking over , but which also reduces the quality of life for its current citizens . And yet , there are no signs that the current Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , Lee Kuan Yew 's son , understands the urgent need for reform . "  I do n't think there is salvation in saying we need more democracy and that will make these countries prosper , " he said in a recent interview . Among those words is surely a line of self-interest . Hong Kong 's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying was , perhaps , a little more candid when he said that the poor would have to be listened to if elections in the territory are genuinely free . Clearly , Singapore and Hong Kong are at a crossroads . While the path of democracy may not be a panacea for all of society 's ills , political freedoms , especially in an age of innovation and rapid change , are crucial to keep the economy moving forward . The road of keeping the people silent , on the other hand , is a one-way ticket to mediocrity and eventual irrelevance .	Inequality is causing Singaporeans to despair over their future , writes Chee Soon Juan Singaporeans work long hours but are among world 's unhappiest Government 's control over media has stifled dissent and prevented innovation Without democracy , Singapore is doomed to mediocrity and irrelevance
Nanjing , China  CNN  -- Nanjing , a city of 8 million in eastern China , is the capital of the coastal Jiangsu Province . But some 80 years ago it was the capital of China . The revolutionary Sun Yat-sen founded the Republic of China  ROC  here in 1912 after playing an instrumental role in overthrowing the Qing dynasty , the last of the Imperial eras in China . Sun 's successor , Chiang Kai-shek , headquartered his nationalist Kuomintang  KMT  government here from 1927 until the Communist Party pushed them from the mainland in 1949 and moved the capital north to Beijing . This gave Nanjing , whose name literally means the "  southern capital , " something of an identity crisis . But 64 years after the end of the KMT 's rule , the city seems to have found its place again as a legacy of Minguo , or the Republic of China . From tourism to dining to real estate , many Nanjing businesses are selling themselves with a nod to the former capital 's nationalist past . The city 's main center of nightlife , known simply as 1912 , is named and themed after the founding year of the Republic . Located a stone 's throw from the KMT 's Presidential Palace , century-old villas are revamped and dolled-up to house bars and restaurants . The complex boasts of its "  classic Minguo cultural significance " on its website . Walking around the city 's commercial center , Xinjiekou , it 's common to see billboards and video screens advertising new real estate known for its "  Minguo flavor . " Yihe Road was the city 's Legation Quarter in the early 20th century and is lined up with distinctive Minguo-style architecture -- exquisite and painstakingly intricate Chinese carvings decorate the otherwise European faÃ § ade . The quiet 500-meter strip has in recent years been renovated by authorities to resemble its former Republican glory . While culture-lovers swarm here to trace Nanjing 's olden-day charms , university graduates are often seen taking graduation photos in retro Republican-style outfits . Instead of run-of-the-mill black robes , male students don Chinese tunic suits , known as Sun Yat-sen suits , while females wear ocean-blue , wrap-up tops and black cotton skirts . Enthusiasm for this era has also provided the most unlikely of job opportunities in China . Xu Jinshui , 46 , is a professional impersonator of Chiang -- a controversial figure for many mainlanders . During the day he stands like a wax figure outside the Presidential Palace . Fully Chiang-costumed , Xu charges tourists for taking photos with him . By night , the quiet Zhejiang native ushers in guests at Ming Du Hui , a Minguo-themed restaurant , still dressed as Chiang . "  If we want to introduce the Minguo Cuisine to the public , we need to throw in a related experience , " explains general manager Lv Xinhe . "  Chiang Kai-shek is a famous character and people know about him . " The 150-seat restaurant , whose per-head bill averages RMB 300  US$ 48  , serves food that was popular with nationalist officials . The menu includes yellow croaker soup , which was said to be Chiang 's favorite , and May-ling Soong 's Steak , a meat dish designed by Chiang 's wife . The local communist government seems to encourage the cultural comeback . According to Shen Jiahua , the president of Nanjing Dining Chamber of Commerce , the authorities have endeavored to popularize Republican food since 2011 . A dozen restaurants in the city have been certified to carry the "  Minguo Big Cuisine . " " -LSB- What we do is -RSB- to pass on the dining culture of Nanjing and create a unique culinary signature of the city , " says Shen . The well-groomed 56-year-old former soldier owns Yushang Xunfu , a 4,000-square-meter Nanjing restaurant devoted to researching , developing and cooking the cuisine , which comprise the prevailing governmental dishes of the time . Each of the establishment 's 27 dishes is coupled with an interesting historical anecdote , often linked with influential KMT leaders , such as Sun and Bai Chongxi , a noted Hui-Muslim nationalist General . Shen spent approximately RMB 40 million  US$ 6.4 million  decorating the restaurant , which features colossal crystal chandeliers . The clientele are mostly businessmen , government employees and military officials . "  Commercial gimmicks are perhaps the most obvious part of -LSB- this Republican cultural comeback -RSB- , and it is best and most easily manifested through cuisine , " says media producer and culture consultant Frank Hossack . Hossack , 43 , came to China in 1993 . The Scot has lived in Nanjing for the past decade and now edits , among other things , English-language magazine The Nanjinger . This specific period attracts the locals because , according to him , it was when "  the government really made the biggest bounds , greatest developments and smartest innovations in what was called the Nanking Decade from 1927 to 1937 . " Hossack also regards the nostalgic trend as a reflection of Nanjing 's desire to find a new identity , when the provincial capital is often eclipsed by nearby Shanghai , which is a 90-minute train ride to the southeast . Chinese magazine Fan Yue Ri Li defined the Republican culture , or the "  Republican feeling , " as an "  aristocratic spirit . " In one article , the publication argued that modern China needed this lost essence because , for one reason , "  the general social customs , taste and language are becoming coarse and vulgar . " The lengthy essay was later re-posted on the web edition of the state-run People 's Daily . "  To some extent , it shows people partly recognize that era 's values , " says ROC culture specialist Chen Weixin . Although Chen declines to point out the specific values , a general consensus among the Chinese public and media is that Republican times often embody openness , diversity , freedom and democracy , As an architect focusing on Republican times , 42-year-old Chen has been involved in the restoration of many Minguo buildings , including part of the Presidential Palace . "  On the other hand , it shows that people are connecting with their culture and history , " he adds . "  Here on the mainland , -LSB- a certain incident in -RSB- history caused a disruption to the passing of the traditional culture , but the Republican culture was in line with it , " he continues . "  That 's why people resonate with that era 's culture . " According to Chen , the Republican culture never went extinct in Nanjing after 1949 , even though it did diminish . The city 's layout till today is based on the "  Capital Plan , " a blueprint drafted by the nationalist government from 1930-1937 . As Chiang 's wife , May-ling Soong , once said : "  We live in the present , we dream of the future and we learn eternal truths from the past . " This may well explain Nanjing 's obsession with its Republican past .	Nanjing , a city of 8 million in eastern China , was previously the Chinese capital Chiang Kai-shek headquartered his nationalist Kuomintang government here until 1949 Now the city is making a comeback thanks to its links with its republican past Tourists flock here to sample the food , music and culture of this era
CNN  -- Thursday night 's Republican presidential debate in Jacksonville , Florida , sponsored by CNN , will be one of more than 20 such encounters in the past nine months . Beltway conventional wisdom says there have been too many debates . With a slight too-cool-for-school groan and accompanying eye-roll , the argument goes like this : The debates have taken up too much time for the candidates and their campaigns ; they distract from retail campaigning and fundraising ; they give the media too much of a role in the voters ' vetting process . But I take a different view : The debates have been a valuable addition to this election cycle . And two-thirds of South Carolina primary voters seem to agree , saying that the debates played an important role in helping them make up their minds . Expensive television ads , in contrast , seem to have lost some power of persuasion . This is a good thing -- the debates have imposed an unprecedented degree of transparency and accountability on this GOP presidential race . On a debate stage , standing side by side with their competitors , candidates have not been able to entirely hide behind huge sums of money , super PACs , or television ads . They have been judged by the voters based on their working knowledge of policy and their ability to think and speak on their feet . It is a good test of presidential mettle -- and character is revealed as well as intellect over the course of the debates . No one can say that the debates have n't had an impact . Tim Pawlenty probably regrets his premature decision to get out of the race after the Iowa Straw Poll . But it was his failure to repeat a clever line about "  Obamney Care " to Mitt Romney 's face that caused many voters and donors to conclude that he did n't have the toughness to take on the top job . Rick Perry entered the campaign in August as the savior conservatives were looking for , fulfilling a litmus test checklist of fiscal and social conservative positions that seemed to also resonate with the tea party . In his Texas re-election effort , Perry had stopped talking to editorial boards as part of a pushback on "  media elites " -- but he could n't avoid the debates . And once in them , he could n't avoid his propensity to stumble over his own tongue . A few epic brain freezes later , Perry 's reputation as a political heavyweight was done . Newt Gingrich 's rise to top-two status is almost entirely due to strong debate performances , balancing Republican red-meat rhetoric with thoughtful policy prescriptions . Yes , it 's true that some his best moments have come when he defiantly pushed back on questions and got the audience loudly on his side , but that was a measure of his ability to connect with voters by voicing their frustrations . He rose from the political dead not with money or organization , but with what he carried into the debates . Mitt Romney succeeded in gliding through the first dozen debates as the de facto front-runner , as other candidates seemed reluctant to take him on hard . He consequently was able to focus his attacks on President Obama -- a strategy that served him well for a while , by reminding the Republican base that at least they had one thing in common with Mitt Romney : a dislike bordering on disrespect for the president . But it was the insistence from other candidates during the debates that Romney release his tax returns that made the Cayman Islands and the "  carried interest " tax provision subjects of interest during the campaign . And Ron Paul and Rick Santorum 's debate performances have enabled them to attract new supporters , speaking their respective truths to mass audiences they might not have otherwise reached . To top it off , these debates have been widely watched -- by more than 50 million Americans to date . That 's voting with your eyeballs . And even if this presidential campaign has occasionally come too close to resembling a reality show , at least there is a core civic component beneath the conflict . The substance from the debates has driven the campaign news cycle . I understand that for campaign managers and some candidates , a schedule of debate after debate is a hassle that cuts into their fundraising time . They have to study up and learn policy , realizing that they 'll get called out for repeating the kind of bumper-sticker lies they routinely get away with as part of their stump speech . But it 's also the best chance to get their message to the widest number of people -- and that 's what campaigns at their core are about . The fact that there is a risk involved in debates just reflects the real stakes of the race for the most powerful job on earth . Tuesday night 's debate will be the last one for almost a month . February has a few scattered caucuses and primaries , but the next real prize is Super Tuesday in early March . And I expect that voters will miss the debates and the clarifying role they can play . Front-runners will want to avoid the accountability and scrutiny they provide , but it 's a vital chance for voters to judge the candidates directly , adding light to the heat of the presidential primary gauntlet . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Some people in Washington say there are too many debates He says the debates have played a more important role than paid advertising Avlon says the candidates ' performances under pressure are revealing
Sheremetyevo International Airport  CNN  -- My first morning at Moscow Airport 's Terminal E consisted of an indescribable burger at Burger King . We are thinking of going to one of two TGI Friday 's for dinner in Terminal D . There is always Costa Coffee for tomorrow morning if I want to walk the half mile or so from my pod hotel room . I 'm on day two of my time inside Moscow 's international transfer terminals . They are long , clean , stuffed with shops and not stuffed with very many people . The person I have come to look for is Edward Snowden , the former National Security Agency computer contractor who spilled details of U.S. surveillance programs to reporters . President Barack Obama says he wo n't take extraordinary measures to track Snowden down . He is apparently holed up in here , somewhere . He is not likely in one of the hostel-like rooms you can rent by the hour , nor is he in the bars -- I have dutifully checked them all , including the annoying one with piped bird song surrounded by 1970s rustic charm . This is a 24-hour transit hub , so we could buy a beer at 2:30 a.m. and I could have bought luggage , vodka , chocolate and toys all night long . Snowden could too , but no one has seen him getting gifts for his next hosts , whoever they may be . It 's not the worst place to be holed up . Our excitement Thursday was crowding around Gate 25 to see if Snowden caught the flight to Havana , Cuba . Two dozen or so journalists , most working off iPhones or iPads pretending not to be journalists , filmed and photographed bemused Russian children and their parents looking forward to a summer holiday in the sun , while an angry Aeroflot agent told us we could not film , but did nothing to stop us . A number of journalists now seem to have packed up and took the next stage out of town . There is n't another flight to Cuba until Saturday and why is it presumed he will take one any time soon ? So it 's another night in the hourly hotel with paper-thin walls for those of us staying . Still it 's better than sleeping against a wall of Terminal E in bright lights which dozens of people did last night .	Moscow 's international airport is hub of the hunt for Snowden But he has not been seen for days CNN 's correspondent conscientiously checks the bars
Tribune Media Services  -- I remember a bleak time in Poland when the economy was so maddeningly out of touch with the needs of its people that anyone lucky enough to own a car would remove their windshield wipers at night and take them inside . In their command economy -- oblivious to the laws of supply and demand -- some official forgot to order wipers and consequently , they were n't for sale anywhere . Inspired by a hungry black market , thieves would work late into the night snapping them up . Krakow 's main square is pleasant day or night . Many Americans remember Poland as bleak and rundown -- full of rusting factories and smoggy cities . I remember a time when the air was so polluted it turned my hanky black the day I entered the country . Glum locals used to stand patiently in line at a soda stand to sip a drink from the same tin cup tethered to the stand by a rusty chain . Of course , those days are long gone now and many American visitors are stunned speechless when they step into Krakow 's vibrant main square , Gdansk 's lively streets , or Warsaw 's colorful Old Town . While a new affluence has arrived , visitors can still see a variety of Polands : Lively and cosmopolitan urban centers ; breathtaking medieval cities showing off a dynamic history ; grimy industrial zones still cleaning up the mess left by the Soviets ; and hundreds of traditional farm villages in the countryside . As I 'm more nostalgic for the humble old days than most locals , I 'm sure to venture into the countryside . City dwellers often talk about the "  simple people " of Poland -- those descended from generations of farmers , working the same plots for centuries and living an uncomplicated , traditional lifestyle . Spending time with this large contingent of old-fashioned , down-to-earth folks can be a great way to get a true sense of Poland 's story . Sometimes my nostalgia for the old times confounds my Polish hosts . In Krakow , my friend , Kasia , wanted to treat me to a fine dinner and asked where I 'd like to eat . I said a "  milk bar . " Kasia said her mother would never forgive her if I took her American friend to one of these bleak government-subsidized workers ' diners . I begged , promising I 'd never tell , and Kasia agreed . For me , eating at a "  bar mleczny " -- or "  milk bar " -- is an essential Polish sightseeing experience . These super-cheap cafeterias , which you 'll see all over the country , are a dirt-cheap way to get a meal , and , with the right attitude , a fun cultural adventure . In the communist era , the government subsidized the food at milk bars . The idea : to allow lowly workers to afford a meal out . The tradition continues , and today Poland still foots the bill for most of your milk-bar meal . Prices remain astoundingly low -- my bill usually comes to about $ 3 -- and , while communist-era fare was less than lively , today 's milk-bar cuisine is tastier . Milk bars offer many of Poland 's traditional favorites . Common items are delicious soups , a variety of cabbage-based salads , fried pork chops , pierogi  ravioli with various fillings  , and pancakes . At the milk bar , you 'll often see glasses of watery juice and -- of course -- milk , but most milk bars also stock bottles of water and Coke . Try a Polish pastry , especially the classic paczki , a glazed jelly doughnut typically filled with a wild-rose jam . At milk bars , the service is aimed at locals . You 're unlikely to find an English menu . If the milk-bar lady asks you any questions , you have three options : nod stupidly until she just gives you something ; repeat one of the things she just said  assuming she 's asked you to choose between two options , such as meat or cheese in your pierogi  ; or hope that a kindly English-speaking person in line will leap to your rescue . If nothing else , ordering at a milk bar is a fiesta of gestures . Smiling seems to slightly extend the patience of milk-bar staffers . Every milk bar is a little different , but here 's the general procedure : Head to the counter , wait to be acknowledged , and point to what you want . Two handy words are "  to "  sounds like "  toe " and means "  that "  and "  i "  pronounced "  ee " and means "  and "  . My milk-bar dialogue usually goes like this : Milk Bar lady says "  Prosze ? "  Can I help you , please ?  . I say "  to "  while pointing  ... "  i to "  pointing again  ... "  i to "  pointing once more  . It means , "  That ... and that ... and that . " It 's not pretty , but it gets the job done . Chowing down with the locals you 'll marvel at how you can still eat lunch for $ 3 while experiencing a little bit of nostalgia from Poland 's communist days . E-mail to a friend Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves produces 30 guidebooks on European travel Since 1973 he 's spent 120 days a year in Europe His company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
If you want to know where American food traditions are headed , look back . Many of today 's most healthful eating trends bear a strong resemblance to yesterday 's : Nearby farms offering nutritious , peak-of-season produce ; slow-cooked dinners that foster leisurely family meals ; an emphasis on meatless dishes and minimally processed foods . Sales of organic food have risen more than 20 percent per year since the 1990s , the USDA says . "  It used to be that packaging and convenience were all the rage . But today , food lovers also want to know where their food comes from and how to prepare it in the simplest , most natural way possible , " says Fern Gale Estrow , M.S. , R.D. , a community nutritionist based in New York City . "  People still want and need to save time in the kitchen , but they 're not willing to sacrifice taste and nutrition to get it . " Fortunately , these five food trends provide exactly that -- flavorful , nutrient-rich meals that are easy to prepare and can help you fulfill many of your dietary requirements . Flexitarianism Like vegetarians , "  flexitarians " eat a primarily plant-based diet composed of grains , vegetables , and fruits , but they occasionally obtain protein from lean meat , fish , poultry , or dairy . A quarter of Americans fit the description , consuming meatless meals at least four days a week , according to the American Dietetic Association . Why it 's here to stay : Flexitarianism is exactly what dietitians , nutritional researchers , and public health advocates have been recommending for years . "  It 's about eating a varied diet that 's low in saturated fat and high in fiber , " says Milton Stokes , M.P.H. , R.D. , chief dietitian at St. Barnabas Hospital in New York City , and an ADA spokesperson . Because the emphasis is on produce rather than protein , flexitarians are more likely than most Americans to meet the recommended daily intake of fruits and vegetables and the vitamins and minerals they contain . CookingLight.com : Take our quiz on correct serving sizes What it means for you : Studies show that people who follow this approach to eating generally weigh less and have lower rates of hypertension , heart disease , diabetes , and prostate and colon cancer . In one large study from Tulane University in New Orleans , Louisiana , researchers tracked the eating habits of more than 9,600 people over a 19-year period and found those who consumed fruits and vegetables at least three times daily lowered their risk of stroke by 42 percent , and their risk of cardiovascular disease by 27 percent . Locally grown foods As people seek fresher foods , they have begun to connect with local family farms . Community-supported agriculture  CSA  programs and farmers ' markets give consumers direct access to produce , meats , cheeses , breads , honey , and other foods that are produced in nearby communities . In the past 10 years , the number of local farmers ' markets has more than doubled -- it is up from 1,755 to 3,706 , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Agricultural Marketing Service . Why it 's here to stay : Because they are so fresh , locally grown fruits and vegetables often have a nutritional edge over produce raised on "  factory " farms . The latter , which constitutes most of the produce grown in the United States , is picked about four to seven days before it arrives on supermarket shelves , and shipped for an average of 1,500 miles before it 's sold , according to Local Harvest , a nonprofit agricultural research group . All that downtime takes a toll . USDA researchers have found that if it 's not handled properly , produce can lose up to half its nutrients in transit . Water-soluble nutrients such as vitamin C are particularly vulnerable . What it means for you : "  Buying food from local vendors gives you input , " says Gail Feenstra , R.D. , food systems analyst at the University of California at Davis ' Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education Program . "  You can find out how things were grown . You can also request varieties of fruits and vegetables that would n't be available elsewhere . " And then there 's the most important reason of all : Because of its freshness , locally grown food tastes better than produce designed to be shipped . "  Growers ' priority is on taste and texture versus transportation , " Feenstra says . Functional foods Functional foods are enriched with nutrients that may not be inherent to a given food . Familiar examples include orange juice fortified with calcium or milk fortified with vitamins A and D . As sales of these foods have soared in recent years , more functional foods have reached the market , such as eggs and pastas with omega-3 fatty acids , sterol-fortified chocolates and high-fiber , high-protein flours . Why it 's here to stay : These foods help many people fill nutritional gaps . "  For example , if you 're lactose intolerant , you might find it difficult to meet your calcium quota , " Stokes says . "  Calcium-fortified juice eliminates that problem , especially if a glass is already part of your daily diet . " Likewise , if you dislike seafood , you can obtain extra omega-3s from eggs or pasta . CookingLight.com : Remembering real portion sizes What it means for you : Functional foods are one helpful element in maintaining a balanced diet , not a substitute for it . "  Calcium-fortified orange juice wo n't supply other nutrients that a dairy source would provide , like protein , " Estrow says . "  That 's why it 's best to rely on whole foods , which provide multiple nutrients that act synergistically . " In the end , it 's fine to reap added nutrients from a functional food , but remember to fulfill the majority of your needs with naturally rich sources . Organic food These are foods produced following a government-regulated practice of growing and processing that minimizes exposure to pesticides , herbicides , and other chemicals used in traditional farming . Organic food is one of the country 's fastest-growing market segments ; sales have risen more than 20 percent per year since the 1990s , according to the USDA 's Economic Research Service . Why it 's here to stay : Some organic foods may provide a nutrition boost . A research review of 41 studies conducted by the University of California at Davis found that , on average , organic produce contains as much as 27 percent more vitamin C , 21 percent more iron , and 29 percent more magnesium compared with traditionally grown foods . The kinds of packaged organic foods that now fuel the category 's growth , such as cookies , baked goods , and boxed meals , also benefit from a similar perception of healthfulness . What it means for you : "  An organic stamp is n't necessarily a guarantee of nutritional quality , but it is a sure sign that the food is less adulterated , " Stokes says . An organic cookie , for example , may have just as many calories and grams of saturated fat as a nonorganic cookie . But in the case of produce crops that are commonly treated with high concentrations of pesticides , such as peaches , apples , and strawberries , choosing organic can minimize your exposure to these chemicals , according to tests conducted by researchers from the Environmental Working Group in Washington , D.C. CookingLight.com : All-star foods that fight for health Slow food Launched in Italy 20 years ago by restaurateur Carlo Petrini , "  slow food " was originally designed to protest the encroachment of fast food on the traditional Mediterranean lifestyle . The trend 's principles -- choosing locally grown and produced items , preparing them in traditional ways , and eating with friends and family -- celebrate a relaxed approach to living that provides a welcome contrast to the fast-paced , eat-on-the-run lives many people lead . Why it 's here to stay : As with locally grown food , freshness is a key component of the slow food trend . "  Investing the time to choose what 's fresh that day will ensure that night 's meal will be at its peak nutritionally , " Stokes says . This principle applies whether you 're making a family recipe or dining in a restaurant where the chef selects ingredients based on their seasonal availability . Family togetherness is also an important aspect of the trend . "  Slow food is all about cherishing the eating experience and getting back to what food used to be : a vehicle for drawing people together , " explains Sara Firebaugh , assistant director of Slow Food USA . What it means for you : Healthful whole foods are a great start , but slow food goes a step beyond good nutrition -- and it 's a difficult one to quantify . No scientific studies have conclusively proven that friends and family make better dinner companions than televisions , but the benefits are clear . "  Slow food embraces the psychological component in food choices , meal preparation , and the act of eating , " Estrow says . "  A healthful diet is n't just about what you eat but how you eat it . " E-mail to a friend For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved . Health and nutrition writer Maria Condo is a frequent contributor to Cooking Light . She lives in New York City .	"  Flexitarians " eat a mostly plant-based diet but sometimes add animal protein The number of local farmers ' markets has more than doubled in the last decade "  Functional foods , " those enriched with extra nutrients , can fill dietary gaps Studies : Organic produce contains more nutrients than traditionally grown foods
Mashable  -- 25.94 seconds . That 's how much time it took Melissa Thompson of Salford , England , to type a complex sentence on a Samsung Galaxy S , which makes her the new Guinness World Record holder for fastest typing on a phone . The sentence for this particular record , as determined by Guinness , reads as follows : "  The razor-toothed piranhas of the genera Serrasalmus and Pygocentrus are the most ferocious freshwater fish in the world . In reality they seldom attack a human . " Before Thompson , Franklin Page of Seattle held the record , having typed the above sentence in 35.54 seconds earlier this year . Interestingly enough , Melissa claims she 's out of shape as far as texting goes . She used to send a lot of text messages to her boyfriend Chris -- 40 or 50 per day day , she says -- but after they moved in together she has n't been texting as much . But when Samsung invited her to have a go at breaking the world record , it turned out her fingers were in better shape than she thought ; she texted faster than anyone else and by a large margin . The new world record still awaits official approval from Guinness , but if it turns out to be legitimate , the title of the world 's fastest texter will move from the U.S. to England . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	British woman is the new Guinness World Record holder for fastest typing on a phone She breaks the old record , held by a Seattle , Washington man , by nine seconds The new world record still awaits official approval from Guinness
CNN  -- Residents of Southern Sudan will begin registering November 14 for an historic referendum that will decide whether the region remains part of Sudan or breaks off to form a new nation . The registration -- which will run for 30 days -- was postponed once before , because registration materials were not ready . Voting is scheduled for January 9 , leaving little room for other delays . "  We are worried ; the time remaining is short and many things are not in place yet , " said Hamilton Lugor , the deputy liaison officer for the government of Southern Sudan in Kenya . "  But what we will not allow is the referendum to be delayed even for one minute , " he added . Diplomacy urgent as vote to split Sudan nears People from Southern Sudan who live outside of the country will also have an opportunity to vote in the referendum in selected countries in Africa and the West . Another referendum will take place on the same day as that voting : that of Abyei , a disputed oil-rich border region between the North and the South which also wants to govern itself . Talks are being held in Ethiopia with the goal of breaking a stalemate between the two sides in regard to guidelines that will govern Abyei 's referendum . The North insists that the Missiriya , a nomadic Arabic tribe , are eligible to vote in the Abyei referendum , but the South says only the permanently based Dinka tribe should have a right to vote . Recent media reports say that the Missiriya tribe has warned of war if its members are barred from voting . In a recent United Nations Special Summit on Sudan , the international community -- including U.S. President Barack Obama and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki moon -- reiterated its commitment to peace in Sudan and support for the upcoming referendums . More than 2 million people were killed in fighting between the North and South from 1983 to 2005 , when a peace deal was finally brokered . That deal called for the referendum on independence for Southern Sudan .	Voter registration on the independence referendum begins in November The Southern Sudanese diaspora will also be allowed to vote The referendum on the disputed Abeyi region will also take place in January
CNN  -- It was supposed to be her birthday getaway , but it ended up being a miserable trip . Sarah Evans took two weeks off for her 30th birthday in September 2012 to visit Las Vegas with her best friends . Yet she could n't enjoy herself because of constant thigh chafing -- "  I went through an entire bottle of Gold Bond powder " -- and she hated how she looked in every photo . "  All these girls were enjoying themselves in bikinis poolside , and there I was , trying to cover up and hide , " she remembers . Evans decided then and there that she was going to enjoy her future birthdays . The 5-foot-4 Shreveport , Louisiana , resident weighed 248 pounds at the time , which she attributes to a lifetime of bad eating habits . "  Growing up in the South , eating large portions at every meal was a must , " she said . "  Breakfast included bacon , eggs , sausage , pancakes and biscuits . Lunch was some sort of fast food , and dinner included a three-course meal of fritters for appetizers , fried chicken , collard greens , macaroni and cheese , and corn bread . " Then , of course , there was creamy banana pudding or homemade apple pie for dessert . Evans downloaded the "  Couch to 5K " app and set two goals : run a 5K without stopping and lose 30 to 40 pounds . "  When I started the program , I could n't run more than 30 seconds , " she wrote in her iReport . "  Now I 'm running two or three 5Ks a week . Somewhere along the way I fell in love with running . " She soon added CrossFit classes and other forms of cardio into the mix , meeting her original goal and steadily setting new ones , like getting below 200 pounds and improving her 5K time . Slowly but surely , she was taking back her life . "  Trying to stick to this routine has taught me the importance of encouraging myself , because I did n't have a support system in the beginning , " Evans said . She also switched to a low-carb diet . Now , she typically eats yogurt , hard boiled eggs and turkey bacon for breakfast ; chicken salad or tuna for lunch ; steak , fish with kale or baked chicken with green vegetables for dinner ; and cheese slices , nuts or Jell-O for a snack . She will take the occasional weekend off from her diet , though . "  It 's what you do consistently that matters , " she said . By May of this year , Evans was down to 128 pounds , more than a 120-pound transformation . Despite being at it for almost two years and surpassing her goals , Evans said she still has good days and bad days . "  I still have my demons internally that I 'm still working through , and even though I have lost weight , I look in the mirror and see flaws , " she said . Running , she believes , has been key to her weight loss success . Her routine often has her in bed at 9 p.m. and waking up at 3:30 a.m. to start on cardio and weight training at the gym . She then runs or takes fitness classes five nights a week . "  We all have things we secretly want to try , but we either do n't have the courage , do n't have anybody to do it with , or we ca n't physically do it , " she said . "  I always wanted to run a 5K but could n't walk a mile without dying . Now I love running ! I do n't have to worry about breathing heavy after 30 seconds . " The main thing that keeps her going ? Getting stopped by people who tell her that she has inspired them to get fit . She recently started her own program called S.T.I.R. , which stands for "  Stand Think Initiate Run . " She says it 's all about "  learning to live life with and on purpose . " She will often contact her S.T.I.R. group to let them know when and where she will be running , to encourage them to come along . "  I 've been overweight my whole life . Never in a million years would I think I would be this active , let alone inspiring people to get active . " One of those people is Couch-to-5K running pal Casey Toups , who stayed with Evans at the back of the pack on runs early on to motivate her to keep going . Now , after seeing Evans ' progress in races , Toups says the roles have reversed . "  She has become a person I look to for continued motivation to keep myself on track , " she said . "  Her story and progress have inspired me , and I know it will inspire others as well . " Evans has gotten a huge boost of confidence from losing the extra pounds . "  I want to go any and everywhere . Any reason to buy a new outfit and shop , " she said . "  When you feel good on the outside , you feel good on the inside . " She has big plans for her 32nd birthday in September . She wants to recreate some of those pictures from her miserable 30th -- this time with her new and improved self . Want to #getfit ? Follow us on Flipboard !	Sarah Evans lost more than120 pounds over 20 months She credits running for much of the weight loss She now hopes to inspire others through a program of her own
CNN  -- A state commission issued a finding of probable cause that racism was involved in the decision by a suburban Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , swim club to revoke privileges of a largely minority day care center . Some kids from the Creative Steps Day Care center say club members made racist remarks . The Valley Swim Club canceled a contract for swimming privileges for the approximately 65 children from the Creative Steps day care center after a visit June 29 . Some black and Hispanic children said white club members made racist comments to them during that visit , asking why black children were there and raising concerns that "  they might steal from us . " The Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission , in its 33-page finding , details the incident . It notes that the swim club maintains that it canceled its relationship with the day care center because members were requesting that their membership fees be refunded and because of safety concerns "  attendant with overcrowding of the shallow end of the pool by a large number of non-swimmers . " But the commission , in its finding , stated that the club "  routinely has members at the facility in numbers that are equal in size or exceed the number of Creative Steps campers . " The club has also hosted groups of similar size without raising safety concerns , the commission said . As the group was swimming at the club , one of its members voiced concerns that "  all of these black kids " might "  do something to my child . " When confronted by a Creative Steps official , the woman -- a teacher at a local school -- denied the comment but said she was concerned because one of the children "  was a known thief " and had previously stolen a cell phone . The commission found no evidence that the child was ever accused of or disciplined for stealing at the school . Other group members sent negative e-mails to club board members after the incident . One board member said in an e-mail , according to the commission , "  I feel we were mislead  sic  with the type of camp this was . This camp is a city camp and it is run with tax payers money . This is not the type of camp that is going to bring any new members into the club . " The finding is "  an invitation to sit down with our staff and have the parties settle their differences , " commission Chairman Stephen Glassman said . "  If they do n't , it will go on to a public hearing . " Depending on the outcome of that process , the club could face damages for humiliation and embarrassment , as well as a civil penalty of up to $ 50,000 , commission spokeswoman Shannon Powers said . The public hearing , she said , is held before a body of commissioners . The commission enforces state human rights law , Powers said . It launched an investigation into the incident after being contacted by a number of advocacy organizations following media coverage of the story . Since then , she said , a number of complaints have been filed with the commission . The commission noted in the finding that none of the club 's 155 paid members this year was African-American and that last year there were "  179 paid memberships , none of whom were African American . " In addition , the commission said that in 2009 , the Valley Swim Club "  made a concerted effort to expand the geographic range of its membership by engaging in a marketing campaign . ... The respondent efforts were mainly directed at areas with overwhelmingly caucasian populations . ... The respondent made no effort to direct such marketing efforts at areas with significant African-American populations . " Glassman said the swim club had 30 days to appeal the finding . Joe Tucker , a lawyer for the club , said his client will do just that . "  We believe this is wrong , " he said . "  I believe the people at the PHRC are very good people , but they were put in a tough position . ... If the PHRC would have decided against the children or in favor of the club , they would have been painted with the same unfair and untrue racist brush that the Valley Swim Club was painted with . " The day care center had originally contracted to use the pool during the summer , but the club canceled the agreement and returned the day care center 's $ 1,950 check without explanation . The club canceled contracts with two other day care centers because of safety and crowding , swim club director John Duesler said . Those facilities have not protested the club 's actions . The issue was exacerbated when Duesler told two Philadelphia television stations that the children had changed "  the complexion " and "  atmosphere " of the club . The comment brought protesters outside the facility . Duesler later said that safety and crowding , not racism , prompted the cancellation . As the controversy gained national attention , the swim club asked the day care center to return . Center officials refused and said they would pursue a lawsuit .	State panel finds race was factor in banning minority children from swim club Valley Swim Club ordered to pay monetary damages , has 30 days to appeal Kids claim club members made racist comments to them Club president claims safety and crowding led to cancellation
Washington  CNN  -- Voices recorded by inventor Alexander Graham Bell more than 125 years ago are being heard now , thanks to digital imaging technology . "  It 's not high fidelity , but you can definitely figure out what they 're saying , " said Carl Haber of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , one of the scientists working on the project in a laboratory at the Library of Congress . The early audio recordings were made during an intensely competitive time , when scientists were racing to improve on Thomas Edison 's phonograph , which was invented in 1877 . Scientists like Bell , who worked at his Volta Laboratory in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington , were looking to improve both the quality of the phonograph and the nature of the sound to make the product commercially viable . "  I think this is a very critical episode in the history of American invention and innovation and it highlights an otherwise unknown aspect of Washington , D.C. , at the end of the 19th century as the center of invention and innovation , " said Carlene Stephens , curator of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History . Bell sent recordings to the Smithsonian in the 1880s for safekeeping , and to prove his scientific finds in case of patent questions . But there was no playback device , so "  the collection has been silent , " said Stephens . Enter modern-day scientists Haber and Earl Cornell , who took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell 's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer . "  To be or not to be , that is the question , " begins one of the recordings from a green wax disc that scientists believe was recorded in 1885 . The male voice reading the famous quote from Shakespeare 's Hamlet is muddled , but understandable . On a glass disc recording from 1884 , a voice can be heard saying the word "  barometer " several times . And on another type of wax recording from 1885 , a man is heard reading a description of a cotton factory in New Hampshire . To get the audio from the discs , the Berkeley scientists put them on a turntable . As the disc slowly turned , as many as 18,000 images per rotation were recorded in the computer . The images were then stacked up to create a digital profile , which , when read by the computer , played back the sound . "  These technologies are very fast and these computers are fast , " said Haber . "  Ten years ago , we would be struggling with computer storage and computer speed . Today , commercial technology is up to this task . " There is no physical contact with the historically valuable discs , which helps to protect them for the long term . The scientists in the 1880s experimented with a variety of experimental mechanisms , many of which the Smithsonian has in their collection . Each disc or cylinder plays differently . "  It turns out this record was designed to play from the inside-out , so that 's backwards from how we normally play a record , " said Haber , showing reporters the disc . After the Berkeley Lab scientists had photographed that record , they reversed the information in the computer to play it . Although the scientists at Bell 's Volta Laboratory would have been working on a playback device as they were making the recordings , none of those made it into the Smithsonian 's archives . Three times during the 1880s , Bell sent sealed tin boxes to the Smithsonian Institution with objects and newspapers to prove that his laboratory had made certain discoveries by certain dates in case a patent dispute arose . None ever did . The sealed boxes were opened for the first time in 1937 in the presence of Bell 's family . Bell also donated materials to the Smithsonian during the early 1900s , when he served on the governing board of the museum . Those items , along with materials from Emile Berliner , a competitor of Bell , are stored at the National Museum of American History . Berliner is credited with inventing the gramophone , the first commercially successful disc and playback machine . The museum has about 400 early audio recordings made between 1878 and 1898 .	Bell was working on improving the phonograph His early recordings are at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History "  To be or not to be , that is the question " a voice on one recording is heard saying
CNN  It 's funny . It 's serious . Seriously funny ? We 'll see . Larry Wilmore 's "  The Nightly Show " debuted on Comedy Central Monday night , taking over the "  Colbert Report " time slot . And right from the start , it was apparent , the show was n't going to shy away from race . One of his first jokes ? "  A brother finally gets a show on late night TV , but , of course , he has to work on Martin Luther King Day . " Yes , "  The Nightly Show " not just dove right into racial humor . It swam in it , skewering everything in its path . On climate change : "  If we do n't figure this out , then it wo n't just be black people saying , ' I ca n't breathe . ' " On Al Sharpton : "  Al , slow down man . You do n't have to respond to every black emergency . You 're not black Batman . " But predictible , it was n't . "  A very powerful motion picture was snubbed . This film 's message is as poignant today as it was when I was a kid , " he said , as he prepared to dress down the Academy Awards and its snub of black talent in this year 's nomination . And then the punchline : " How did the "  Lego Movie " movie not get nominated for best picture ? " If you 're not familiar with him , Wilmore 's a writer and comedian , who has largely made his mark behind the scenes . He 's popped up occasionally on "  The Daily Show " as "  Senior Black Correspondent , " but he 's devoted much of his career to writing and producing . It did n't start out that way . In the 1980s , he dropped out of college to become an actor and stand-up comedian .  You may remember him as a police officer on "  The Facts of Life . "  It was a few years later when he decided to become a TV writer . As Wilmore tells it , he was just being practical . "  I knew Hollywood was n't going to find me , " he told New York magazine of his acting years , when the standard casting call wanted black men closer to Eddie Murphy 's fast-talking types . "  I needed to be able to control my own destiny . Being an actor was too flighty . " After success as a writer for "  In Living Color , " "  Sister , Sister " and "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , " he turned producer with "  The PJs , " the animated Eddie Murphy show , and the offbeat "  Bernie Mac Show . " His brother Marc is a writer for "  The Simpsons . " In Monday 's debut , "  The Nightly Show " was n't all fun and games . Wilmore hosted a 10-minute panel discussion on the "  state of protests " in the nation , featuring U.S. Sen. Cory Booker , rapper/activist Talib Kweli , comedian Bill Burr and show contributor Shenaz Treasury . Making a point about the perception of black men in America , Wilmore asked the sharp-dressed senator from New Jersey a rhetorical question . "  You look very nice in a suit . Do you feel like you 're just a hoodie away from being face down in the pavement ? " Funny ? Yes . Serious ? Yes . Seriously funny ? There 's no doubt that Wilmore is out to make a point and have America join in on the conversation . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Larry Wilmore 's "  Nightly Show " is taking over Colbert 's old time slot Most of Wilmore 's experience behind scenes , though he 's appeared on "  Daily Show "
CNN  -- Being coach of a nation 's football team brings enormous responsibility . The stakes are high , and the weight of expectation is even greater . Some say , for instance , that the England manager 's job is second only in importance to the British Prime Minister 's role -- and Roy Hodgson has already been subject to intense scrutiny before his first match in charge against Norway in this weekend 's Euro 2012 warmup match . But though undeniably demanding , Hodgson 's job is arguably a walk in the park compared to the task facing Kevin McGreskin . On another island group , half a world away -- and light years in terms of sporting and economic development -- the Scottish coach is getting to grips with turning a tiny nation 's team into one recognized by football 's governing body FIFA . Hodgson may have the splendor of Wembley Stadium for home games , but Kiribati 's main pitch has more sand than grass . Part of the Commonwealth , Kiribati is made up of 33 coral islands about 2,500 miles southwest of Hawaii , with a population of just over 100,000 . It is one of the world 's poorest countries and the World Bank ranks it as having a gross domestic product only greater than that of Tuvalu . Who are European football 's "  Most Valuable Players ? " McGreskin , recently appointed as the Kiribati Football Association 's technical director and head coach , has worked closely with a number of professional clubs in the UK as well as helping deliver coaching courses for European football 's governing body UEFA . He must also be the only coach who holds the prestigious UEFA "  A " License qualification through three different national associations -- England , Wales and the Republic of Ireland -- after deciding to research different approaches to the courses . He is likely to need that raft of qualifications given that Kiribati suffered two 17-1 defeats at the 2011 Pacific Games . "  One of my aims now is to make us more competitive at international level within the Pacific region , " McGreskin told CNN , laughing at the suggestion he has taken on the toughest coaching job in the world . "  While achieving this will improve the status of the national team I also think this will be a very important for the development of game in the country as a whole , as it will offer the young players something positive to aspire to . " While Hodgson 's time will be taken up by analyzing the teams England will face at Euro 2012 , handling the egos of millionaire players and enduring the barbed comments of a critical media , McGreskin 's job description extends to helping the Kiribati Football Association find a sponsor and a kit supplier . Oh , and given that it is a low-lying Pacific island , global warming could possibly be a concern down the line . "  Generating this funding will determine how we can implement a range of programs at various levels to really move the game forward in the country , " said McGreskin . His plan to rejuvenate Kiribati will evolve literally one game at a time . "  This year we plan to participate in an international fixture against Fiji , one of our ` local ' neighbors , in July and this will require us to raise considerable sponsorship to achieve this , " said McGreskin . Big-spending Man City top EPL value table There is also the small matter for McGreskin of helping the Kiribati FA win FIFA recognition , which would allow the islanders to play in international competitions and be eligible to receive funding from football 's global governing body . "  Our recent application was unsuccessful but this will be an ongoing process for us , " said McGreskin . "  However , while delivering this disappointing news FIFA also promised some assistance in our efforts to develop the game . "  This will be a great help to us and we will continue working towards meeting the membership criteria . It is the country 's ultimate ambition to compete in the World Cup qualifiers . " Of Kiribati 's 33 islands , 21 are inhabited -- though most of its population is based in the Gilbert Islands . Thirty-two are atolls  ring-shaped islands with a central lagoon  while Banaba is a raised coral island . Player selection is also a challenge , with just 2,351 registered male players over the age of 18 in Kiribati and only 468 women players . The islands extend 2,400 miles from east to west , so McGreskin also faces a travel headache as he scouts for talent . "  The land mass of the country may be small but it is spread out over a huge area , so it offers a fairly unique logistical problem -- particularly if you need to implement a regular league season , " he said . "  There is a huge passion for the game in the country and although there is n't much room for football pitches , there is still at least one on each of the islands . "  This means that the pitches that are available are played on almost all of the time , which means the surfaces are n't the best . " Surrounded by palm trees , Kiribati 's Bairiki National Stadium looks about as idyllic a location as you could want from a football ground , but with one small hitch -- it does not have much grass . Indeed it has so little , the pitch could double up as a beach . "  The installation of a 3G all-weather pitch would be of huge benefit to us on the main island as it would be used regularly and mean less wear on our stadium pitch , which would give us the chance to maintain it to international standard , and help us achieve our ambition of hosting a home international match , " added McGreskin . "  Maybe this is one of the projects FIFA can help us with . " McGreskin might not be a household name but he is quietly establishing a reputation as one of Britain 's more innovative coaches . He believes that for too long England has been coaching players in "  pretty much the same way , but expecting the end product to be different and thinking somehow talent will magically appear . " An advocate of overload training -- a method which encourages players to concentrate on doing several things at once -- he has devised one exercise in which players have to throw a tennis ball and call out colors while they are passing a football in sequence . "  We are not providing players with the challenges that they need to meet the demands of the modern game , " said McGreskin , who has been working with Scottish professional team Partick Thistle this season . "  Overload exercises help the player speed up the feet and the thought process . " McGreskin believes players ' decision-making is often not quick enough , a weakness that is caused by their inability to scan the pitch when they are without the ball . "  Do n't forget almost 98 % of the game is played off the ball . Even in a basic passing drill I force the players to work on perception , scanning skills , technique , adjustability , concentration , attention focus and attention bandwidth . It 's quite amazing the effect it can have on players . " So does McGreskin have any advice for Hodgson ahead of Euro 2012 ? "  In one word : win , " he said bluntly . " I think that has become almost only thing that matters for a coach at that level of the game . "  England do n't just want to be in a position to participate in the Euros and World Cups , they want to be competing and seriously challenging for the trophy . "  However , I also think people like to see a steady stream of young talent coming through that also offers hope for the future . So , while the England manager 's focus is on the full team , I think he should be actively interested in the development squads at both international and club level . "	Roy Hodgson takes charge of England team for first time against Norway on Saturday England manager 's role has been described as the "  impossible " job Briton Kevin McGreskin has been brought in to coach the Kiribati Islands At the 2011 Pacific Games , Kiribati suffered two 17-1 defeats
Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan said a power outage put city schools , firehouses , police stations , City Hall and Wayne State University in the dark Tuesday morning . Speaking at a press conference , Duggan said power had been restored to about one third of the customers by 2 p.m. ET and that power probably will be restored to all by the end of the day . The outage affected about 900 locations , including 36 fire stations and 81 city schools , according to the Detroit website . Public schools dismissed students after the power went out . Duggan said the dismissal went smoothly . The mayor said there had been no spike in police or fire calls while power was out . About 18 state troopers helped 78 officers direct traffic at intersections while traffic signals were out of service , he said . Schools and other public buildings should be back in service Wednesday , officials said . The city website said 740 traffic signals were knocked out , but power was not lost for the 911 system . The outage occurred about 10:40 a.m. ET when a Public Lighting Department  PLD  power cable and then a circuit breaker failed , he said . The City of Detroit is going through bankruptcy . As part of the process , the city is getting out of the business of running PLD and the utility corporation DTE Energy is taking over , Duggan said . DTE Energy assisted the city in bringing the system back online . "  All we know at this point is that the cable went to ground , which means it grounded itself out , " said Jerry Norcia , president and chief operating officer for DTE Electric and Gas Storage & Pipelines . "  So it could be a breach in the insulation or it could be many other circumstances that caused that cable to fail . " Detroit has experienced notable power outages in the past . Just last Sunday , power went out during a professional hockey game at Joe Louis Arena . Detroit 's Comerica Park lost power last year during the American League Championship Series . The outage trapped some people in elevators in several government buildings , and firefighters were trying to free them , fire Chief Dale Bradley said . This outage is n't believed to have affected residences , officials said . Duggan said he 'd earlier asked DTE to focus on those circuits that fail the most and review them . The cable that failed Tuesday was not one that had done so previously , authorities said . The power outage wo n't affect Tuesday night 's professional hockey game , said Todd Beam , Red Wings director of public relations . "  We are back at full power at Joe Louis Arena , " he said . "  The game will be played as scheduled at 7:30 p.m. tonight . "	Detroit mayor says he hopes power will be restored by end of day Power goes out at public buildings People trapped in elevators in several government buildings More than 80 Detroit public schools dismiss students early
A highly anticipated test of an experimental Ebola vaccine will begin this week at the National Institutes of Health , amid mounting anxiety about the spread of the deadly virus in West Africa . After an expedited review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , researchers were given the green light to begin what 's called a human safety trial , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases  NIAID  . It will be the first test of this type of Ebola vaccine in humans . The experimental vaccine , developed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline and the NIAID , will first be given to three healthy human volunteers to see if they suffer any adverse effects . If deemed safe , it will then be given to another small group of volunteers , aged 18 to 50 , to see if it produces a strong immune response to the virus . All will be monitored closely for side effects . The vaccine will be administered to volunteers by an injection in the deltoid muscle of their arm , first in a lower dose , then later in a higher dose after the safety of the vaccine has been determined . Some of the preclinical studies that are normally done on these types of vaccines were waived by the FDA during the expedited review , Fauci said , so "  we want to take extra special care that we go slowly with the dosing . " The vaccine did extremely well in earlier trials with chimpanzees , Fauci said . He noted that the method being used to prompt an immune response to Ebola can not cause a healthy individual to become infected with the virus . Still , he said , "  I have been fooled enough in my many years of experience ... you really ca n't predict what you will see  in humans  . " According to the NIH , the vaccine will also be tested on healthy volunteers in the United Kingdom , Gambia and Mali , once details are finalized with health officials in those countries . CDC director raises Ebola alarm Trials can not currently be done in the four countries affected by the recent outbreak -- Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria -- because the existing health care infrastructure would n't support them , Fauci said . Gambia and Mali were selected because the NIH has "  long-standing collaborative relationships " with researchers in those countries . According to the NIH , officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are also in talks with health officials from Nigeria about conducting part of the safety trial there . Funding from an international consortium formed to fight Ebola will enable GlaxoSmithKline to begin manufacturing up to 10,000 additional doses of the vaccine while clinical trials are ongoing , the pharmaceutical company said in a statement . These doses would be made available if the World Health Organization decides to allow emergency immunizations in high-risk communities . The GSK/NIAID vaccine is one of two leading candidate vaccines . The other was developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada and licensed this month to NewLink Genetics , a company based in Iowa . According to the NIH , safety trials of that vaccine will start this fall . Ebola victim : ' I felt like I was about to die ' Earlier this month , the Canadian government shipped what it said was "  800 to 1,000 " doses of that vaccine to Liberia , at the government 's request . It 's not clear whether it has been given to health workers or anyone else there . Worth noting : In 2009 , an earlier version of the vaccine was given to a lab worker in Germany after he thought he had pricked himself with a needle tainted with Ebola . He did not develop the disease . While there currently is no proven treatment for Ebola beyond supportive care , government agencies and small biotech firms have been scrambling to speed up development of several potential therapies and vaccines . A third vaccine , also developed by the NIH , was recently tested in primates and found to protect them from infection ; it was given in combination with Depovax , an adjuvant that has been used with other vaccines and cancer therapies to boost the body 's immune response . While vaccines might be given to prevent infection among health workers or other people thought to be at high risk , development has also been sped up on drugs that might potentially be given to patients who already have the disease . The drug that 's received the most attention is ZMapp , which has been given to at least seven individuals in the current outbreak , including two American missionary medical workers , Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly . The drug has never been formally tested in humans , and while the results in human patients are encouraging -- five of the seven known to have received it are still alive -- experts say there is too little data to say whether it played a role in their recoveries . Are myths making the Ebola outbreak worse ? Earlier versions of ZMapp , which received backing from the U.S. and Canadian governments as well as from biotech firms , have shown some ability to protect rhesus macaque monkeys more than two days after they were infected with the virus . The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday a $ 24.9 million , 18-month contract with ZMapp 's manufacturer , Mapp Biopharmaceutical , to accelerate the development of the medication . Mapp will make "  a small amount of the drug for early stage clinical safety studies and nonclinical studies " to gauge how the drug works on people , the HHS department said in a news release . The various new steps "  will contribute to increasing the amount of product potentially available to treat patients with Ebola . " Another drug , TKM-Ebola , has been tested for safety in a small number of humans . That trial was put on hold in January , after one volunteer developed moderate gastrointestinal side effects after receiving a high dose of the medication . Last month , the FDA modified the hold to a "  partial clinical hold . " In effect , this means that Tekmira could potentially be allowed to give the drug to doctors or hospitals who request it , on an emergency basis . There 's no indication that the company has received any such requests . The vaccine going into trials this week is based on an adenovirus -- a type of cold virus -- that 's found in chimpanzees . The virus delivers genetic material derived from two species of Ebola virus , including the Zaire strain that 's responsible for the current outbreak . Those genes are meant to trigger the development of antibodies in the person who receives the vaccine , antibodies that can specifically defend against Ebola . Another trial , using a version of the GSK/NIAID vaccine that uses only the Zaire strain of Ebola , will be launched in October , according to the NIH . All participants in the trial will be evaluated nine times over a 48-week period . NIH expects to reveal the results of the trial by the end of the year . If it 's approved for widespread use , the first priority will be to give the vaccine to health care workers or lab workers who are fighting the spread of the virus , Fauci said . It will then be considered for people in the communities where outbreaks occur . Nine things to know about the killer disease What happens when you survive Ebola ?	U.S. reaches contract for development of experimental ZMapp drug FDA gives green light for Ebola vaccine human safety trial to begin This will be the first test of this type of Ebola vaccine in humans Vaccine will be given to 20 healthy volunteers at the NIH in Maryland
CNN  -- HBO has just launched a new TV series based on a novel by Tom Perrotta called "  The Leftovers , " which in turn is based on the fundamentalist Christian idea of the rapture . Apart from the title , which suggests a refrigerator full of stale food , the series looks promising . It 's a terrific premise : Jesus returns and calls to heaven 140 million people , leaving behind billions of stupefied , confused , and grief-stricken others . In the show , a mother loses her baby , who disappears . A boy 's father seems to have vanished as he pushes a shopping cart . Cars collide as drivers go missing . Chaos strikes in the fictional Mapleton , New York -- and throughout the world . How to cope ? The famous "  Left Behind " series by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins was already out there . It consisted of 16 best-selling novels on the same premise , and it 's about to come to the big screen again , in a film starring Nicholas Cage . The original film adaptation  of three  appeared in 2000 . And then there is the Christian real-time strategy video game called "  Left Behind : Eternal Forces . " If anyone has n't noticed , the rapture has become a commercial juggernaut , endlessly shape-shifting , finding new and highly entertaining outlets . But what about the theology behind this industry ? The rapture notion goes like this : Jesus is coming back , and when he does , he will first return before a time of so-called tribulation begins , calling up into the clouds with him those who are "  saved . " Horrible suffering will then occur on the miserable Earth for seven years . Then Jesus will come yet again , for a final judging . There are many different versions of this scenario , so it 's difficult to summarize . It 's fair to say , however , that only fundamentalist Protestant churches bother to think about the rapture at all .  Catholics discount the idea completely . The rapture concept is relatively new . It started with an Anglo-Irish theologian , who in the 1830s invented the concept . This may come as a shocker to many , but it 's a fact : Before John Nelson Darby imagined this scenario in the clouds , no Christian had ever heard of the rapture . The idea was popularized by Cyrus I. Scofield , an American minister who published a famous reference Bible in 1908 , one that developed the idea of an elaborate series of final periods in history known as dispensations . Scofield , like Darby , read the Book of Revelation as a vision of the future , not a fiery dream of the destruction of Jerusalem by the Romans in A.D. 70 . The latter view remains , in fact , the most common interpretation of the Book of Revelation by mainstream theologians and was described recently by Princeton scholar Elaine Pagels in "  Revelations : Visions , Prophecy , and Politics in the Book of Revelation . " It 's a problem , however , for rapture-minded Christians that the word "  rapture " does n't appear anywhere in the Bible , unless you 're willing to think in broadly metaphorical terms . Rapture thinking is most often traced back to the Apostle Paul 's first letter to the Thessalonians , where he writes : "  For the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a shout of command , with the voice of an archangel and the trumpet of God . The dead in Christ will rise first ; then we , who are left alive , will be snatched up with them on clouds to meet the Lord in the air ; and so we shall always be with the Lord . "  1 Thessalonians 4:16 -17 First , it 's important to note that Jesus himself never talked about the rapture , ever . We read in Mark about the "  Son of Man coming in the clouds , " but this is a reference back to the Old Testament Book of Daniel , where we get the image of a "  son of Man " who is actually going the other way , up to meet the Ancient of Days . It 's all broadly metaphorical , a kind of dream . In Mark , the oldest gospel , this passage is about the vindication of Jesus as he comes to heaven and is recognized as a true son of the father . In Luke 19 , we read about a returning king , but close study of this passage suggests that Luke is talking about God coming back to Jerusalem , not about Jesus returning to Earth . It 's clear from looking carefully at everything Paul says about the future , as in I Corinthians 15:51 -54 or Philippians 3:20 -21 , that he believes only that some day Christians will experience a kind of physical and spiritual change . They will be resurrected , but this is a complex term that suggests not necessarily resuscitation but evolution , a thorough transformation . In Thessalonians , Paul is writing like the poet he is , creating a spectacular vision of a returning lord who will be given a great reception in the air . The crucial word in the relevant verse is "  meet " : Those who are left alive will be caught up on clouds to meet the Lord in the air . The word "  meet " in Greek is "  apentesis , " and it means to gather for a reception for visiting dignitaries . Even the idea of being "  snatched up " is thoroughly inadequate for the Greek word "  harpazo , " which is better translated as "  gathered " -- a point made by many biblical scholars over the years . In any case , Paul is being dramatic , imagining a holy reception committee that will greet the returning Christ . And why not ? Yet it 's amazing how scriptures get misused , and relatively new theological ideas -- such as the rapture -- get deeply embedded in certain circles . The rapture is really a plot device for popular entertainment and a bizarre theological teaching in fundamentalist circles , where it functions in a variety of ways . But it 's bad theology , and Jesus himself would have been astonished to learn that thousands of years after him there were such notions afloat . At least he wo n't have to watch "  The Leftovers " on TV .	Jay Parini : New HBO series takes off on novel based on Christian idea of ` the rapture ' He says it 's a fun TV idea , but the rapture concept is rubbish made up by theologian in 1800s The idea is that Jesus will come back , collect "  saved " people before tribulation time begins Parini : Bible does n't mention rapture . It 's proponents distort apostles ' metaphors to cook it up
CNN  -- On Sunday , just two days before the Boston Marathon bombing anniversary , we witnessed yet another act of unspeakable violence aimed at dividing our communities along the lines of faith . The motivation for the shootings outside Kansas City is still under investigation , but we know that a white supremacist and former Ku Klux Klan leader is accused of shooting people outside a Jewish community center and Village Shalom , a retirement home . Three people died in what is just the most recent deeply misguided act of violence aimed at severing the values each and every American cherishes most deeply . As we remember the lives taken a year ago in Boston , we also mourn and pray for the victims and their families in Kansas . One of us is a pastor and the other a rabbi of congregations in and near Boston . We both had identical reactions when we first learned of the Boston Marathon bombings last year . Was this another 9/11 ? Whom did we know who might be directly affected -- runners , first responders , spectators on the finish line ? We worried about our colleagues at Old South Church , directly on the finish line , and Trinity Church in Copley Square , one block away . Similar to what we imagine interfaith leaders in Kansas started to do Sunday , we immediately began to call people and try to determine how to minister to our congregations and the city at large . We had both been involved in building relationships across religious lines for years ; under the auspices of the Greater Boston Interfaith Organization and our individual efforts , we had joined together Christians , Muslims and Jews to build bridges of respect , tolerance and affection . In the year that has followed the bombing , Temple Israel of Boston was honored to host Imam Suhaib Webb of the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center for a special service celebrating the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday . Webb was joined at the temple by more than 100 members of his own congregation and by exceptional clergy and congregants from Boston 's Christian Community in a joint celebration of the vision of life . Webb will also be the featured speaker at Old South Church 's evening of remembrance on Tuesday night , which will honor the victims and brave first responders . The church will be filled with members of every faith from greater Boston . If the goal of the tragedy in Boston or the most recent act of despicable violence in Kansas is to sow fear and to divide us against one another , then our own lived experience is a testament to their failure . Last year 's senseless attack has been repudiated by our congregations in the strongest and most profound way possible , and in the process we are stronger than ever . Looking back , we can not help but recognize that by a combination of heroism , compassion , faith and will , the tragedy of the marathon bombing has brought us closer together and strengthened the ties between our communities . On the anniversary of last year 's terrible attack and the violence in Kansas on Sunday , all of our congregations stand united in praying for the victims , their families and those who were grievously injured . We can not bring back those people who were so senselessly taken , and we know that the void left by their loss can never truly be filled . We can not restore lost limbs or heal the physical wounds . However , we can choose a better future for ourselves and for our nation -- one grounded in our common humanity , and in our expressions of faith and hope for the future , whether we are Muslims , Christians , Jews , adherents of other faiths or secular citizens who share a commitment to repair and renew the health and well-being of our cities , nation and the world .	Writers : Like Boston bombings , Kansas shootings meant to divide people along lines of faith Rabbi and minister from Boston remember how their community came together after bombings Writers : Hate crimes do n't divide ; they bring all faiths together bonded by humanity
CNN  -- Teresa Heinz Kerry , wife of Secretary of State John Kerry , has been upgraded from critical to fair condition a day after she was hospitalized with symptoms "  consistent with some kind of seizure . " Heinz Kerry , 74 , underwent tests at Boston 's Massachusetts General Hospital on Sunday night and Monday morning , Kerry spokesman Glen Johnson said , before her condition was upgraded . A source close to the family has told CNN she exhibited symptoms "  consistent with some sort of seizure . " While leaving his home in Boston Monday evening , Secretary Kerry told reporters that his wife was improving and that the family hoped to have good news to report Tuesday . He thanked everyone for their well wishes . Johnson earlier said John Kerry , Heinz Kerry 's son and other family members have been at the hospital since she fell ill . Heinz Kerry became ill Sunday and was taken by ambulance to Nantucket Cottage Hospital , accompanied by her husband , Johnson said . Once her condition was stabilized , she was transferred to Massachusetts General . Heinz Kerry was in Nantucket , where the family has a home . "  The family is grateful for the outpouring of support it has received and aware of the interest in her condition , but they ask for privacy at this time , " Johnson said in a statement . Born in Mozambique , Heinz Kerry worked for the Trusteeship Council of the United Nations in the 1960s when she moved to the United States . Her first husband , Sen. John Heinz of Pennsylvania , died in a plane crash in 1991 . Kerry on yacht day of Egyptian coup Heinz Kerry spoke to CNN 's Larry King in 2010 about her battle with breast cancer . He asked her if she was scared . "  I was n't scared because I 'm very analytical about things like this , " she said . "  I 'm kind of , I guess , a little fatalistic . " CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Teresa Heinz Kerry 's condition upgraded from critical to fair , spokesman said NEW : Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters his wife is improving Heinz Kerry 's symptoms "  consistent with some sort of seizure , " source says Kerrys were in Nantucket , Massachusetts , where the family has a home
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban claimed responsibility Monday for two explosions targeting a government building in Pakistan 's tribal region , a Taliban leader said . The blasts killed 50 people and injured at least 70 others , according to Shamas Ul Islam , a senior government official in Mohmand Agency . Umar Khalid , head of the Pakistani Taliban in Mohmand Agency , said pamphlets had been distributed in the area 20 days ago warning members of peace committees or Lashkars  tribal militias  to abandon any efforts to join the government in fighting militants or face "  consequences . " "  We will continue to attack all pro-government officials and their supporters who try to join any peace committees or Lashkars , " Khalid said . The blasts occurred as government officials were about to meet with members of a volunteer militia group established to fight militants in the area , said Maqsood Amin , another senior government official in Mohmand Agency . Among those killed in the blasts was Haji Kachkol Khan , a senior leader of the peace committeee , Islam said . Amin said two suicide bombers were responsible for the blasts . One detonated inside the building and another outside the building 's gate , he said . The explosions occurred in the agency 's headquarters of Ghalanai , Pakistan . A curfew has been imposed in Ghalanai as a preventive measure , Islam said . The victims were taken to a local hospital after the blast , said Mohammad Zafar , a senior medical officer . Monday 's attacks were not the first time anti-Taliban and pro-government militias have been targeted in Pakistan . The attacks have been increasing over the past year , but Monday 's was one of the deadliest attacks this year . A November 5 suicide attack targeting a mosque in Dera Adam Khel , where locals had formed an anti-Taliban militia , killed 67 people . In July , another suicide attack killed more than 100 people , also in Mohmand Agency . Mohmand is one of seven semi-autonomous tribal agencies along the 1,500-mile border that Pakistan shares with Afghanistan . The Pakistani military has been battling insurgents in the area for some time . The attacks underscore that when locals decide to take a stand against the Taliban , there are sometimes deadly consequences . The Taliban usually warns locals against taking such actions , as they did in Monday 's attacks . The Pakistani government has said that such suicide attacks are a sign that the Taliban is growing desperate and becoming more aware that Pakistanis are taking a stand against them . In a statement , the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan condemned the attacks . "  While details of these suicide attacks are still being verified , it is clear this vicious crime killed and wounded many innocent people , " the statement said . "  Our thoughts and sympathies are with the individuals and families affected by these inhumane acts . " CNN 's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah and journalists Nasir Habib and Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll at 50 , more than 70 people injured Taliban claim responsibility for blasts The blast goes off before a meeting between officials and a volunteer militia It occurs in Mohmand Agency in the country 's tribal region
CNN  -- Sweden 's military feels certain there was an intruder , but it has called off the search for a mystery vessel in waters near Stockholm . "  At least one " foreign vessel was there , Swedish Rear Adm. Anders Grenstad said Friday . "  It may have been a small vessel . " Whatever may have been lurking beneath the waves of the archipelago for a week drew threats of martial force from Sweden 's military . A spokeswoman warned that the navy was "  prepared to use anything necessary " to force the vessel to rise to the surface . The military used battleships , minesweepers and helicopters in the search . Government officials have not said what they believed they had detected , but Sweden 's media reported the military was probably looking for a Russian submarine . Report : Russian signal Swedish intelligence had picked up a radio distress call last week -- in Russian -- which set off the defensive reconnaissance , major daily newspaper Svenska Dagbladet reported . The transmissions were directed at the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad , 330 miles  530 kilometers  south of Stockholm , on the Baltic 's southern shore , The Local reported . Moscow said it had no vessel in Swedish waters and suggested Sweden ask the Netherlands if it was one of theirs stationed nearby . The Netherlands is a member of a NATO and an ally of Sweden 's , which does not belong to the alliance . According to a report , the Dutch said they did not had a sub in Swedish waters . Russia has recently flexed its muscles at Sweden , which has been cooperating recently more closely with NATO , security expert Gary Schmitt wrote in an analysis for CNN . Moscow has practiced mock attacks of Stockholm and has flown very close to Swedish planes and ships , he said . It has also encroached upon Swedish airspace . Tourist sub mix-up The mystery had unpleasant side effects for tour guide Lasse Schmidt . He putters around the archipelago with tourists in a small decommissioned military sub originally designed as a target for naval battle exercises . And the national defense stir had some of his countrymen gunning for him . They thought his submersible was what the navy detected as a potential intruder . The news of the military 's search had Schmidt 's business phone ringing , mostly with annoying calls . "  Many people believe we caused this military operation , " he said , "  and they call to demand that we pay the bill for it . " CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Lucy Pawle , Brad Lendon and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Admiral : "  At least one " foreign vessel was in Swedish waters Helicopters , battleships and minesweepers hunted for the vessel Emergency radio call in Russian was picked up by Swedish military , report says Russia denies that any vessel was in Swedish waters
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The United States plans to appeal a federal judge 's dismissal of charges against five Blackwater security guards accused of killing 17 people in Baghdad in 2007 , Vice President Joe Biden announced Saturday . Speaking at a joint appearance with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani in Baghdad , Biden said he was "  disappointed " with the ruling , and that the Justice Department would file the appeal next week . "  The United States is determined to hold accountable anyone who commits crimes against the Iraqi people , " Biden told reporters . The September 2007 shootout in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square left 17 Iraqis dead and two dozen wounded . The killings led Iraq 's government to slap limits on security contractors hired by Blackwater , now known as Xe , and other firms . An attorney representing one of the five defendants in the case said he was disappointed by Biden 's announcement in Iraq , saying it was motivated by "  political purposes " as opposed to legal reasoning . "  This is not how the Justice Department announces its intentions in any case , " said David Schertler , attorney for Dustin Heard . "  We had no idea that the vice president was going to announce a political decision . " Last month , U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina found that the government 's case was built largely on "  statements compelled under a threat of job loss in a subsequent criminal prosecution , " a violation of the Fifth Amendment rights of the five men charged . "  In their zeal to bring charges against the defendant in this case , the prosecutors and investigators aggressively sought out statements the defendants had been compelled to make to government investigators in the immediate aftermath of the shooting and in the subsequent investigation , " Urbina wrote in a 90-page decision . Federal prosecutors "  repeatedly disregarded the warnings of experienced , senior prosecutors assigned to the case " in doing so , he found . Urbina also sharply criticized prosecutors and federal agents who developed the case , calling their explanations for using the guards ' statements "  all too often contradictory , unbelievable and lacking in credibility . " "  In short , the government has utterly failed to prove that it made no impermissible use of the defendants ' statements or that such use was harmless beyond a reasonable doubt , " he wrote . Schertler , Heard 's attorney , said Urbina 's "  reasoning is sound and will hold up in appeal . " The men were guarding a State Department convoy moving through western Baghdad when the shooting began . The company said its contractors came under attack , but Iraqi authorities called the gunfire unprovoked and indiscriminate . Each of the now-former guards -- Paul Slough , Evan Liberty , Dustin Heard , Donald Ball and Nicholas Slatten -- faced 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime . Prosecutors requested that charges against Slatten be dropped in November , but Thursday 's ruling dismisses the counts against all five . "  We 're obviously pleased at the decision dismissing the entire indictment and are very happy that these courageous young men can begin the new year without this unfair cloud hanging over them , " Slough 's lawyer , Mark Hulkower , said at the time of the dismissal . A sixth guard , Jeremy Ridgeway , pleaded guilty in 2008 to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Samira Simone contributed to this report .	Five Blackwater security guards accused of killing 17 people in Baghdad in 2007 Company says contractors came under attack , Iraqis call gunfire unprovoked Judge found case was built largely on "  statements compelled under a threat of job loss " Joe Biden said he is "  disappointed " with the ruling , Justice Department will appeal
CNN  -- As Americans gear up for the Fourth of July weekend , coastal areas affected by the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico are working hard to keep beach-bound travelers informed . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida A health advisory was issued Thursday for all beaches in Escambia County , including Pensacola Beach , Perdido Key and parts of the Gulf Islands National Seashore , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau 's website . Extensive oil sheen , tar balls and mousse prompted the advisory urging visitors to avoid contact with oil on shore and in the water . The water along the Santa Rosa Sound on the north side of Santa Rosa Island remains open for swimming . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches The Okaloosa County Health Department withdrew a health advisory issued June 24 for Destin beaches . "  The oil impacts on our beaches are intermittent and can change within hours or within a day due to the dynamic nature of the currents and changing wind directions , " the department said in a news release rescinding the advisory . The department urges visitors to avoid entering the water when oil is present . Large amounts of oil washing ashore prompted the Walton County Health Department to issue a health advisory Wednesday for beaches in Topsail Hill State Park , according to the area 's Tourist Development Council . All of the county 's beaches remain open , the council 's website said . Meanwhile , small , scattered tar balls and oil patches have affected Panama City Beach , but the beaches and water are open , the area 's visitors bureau website said . iReport : A slick trip to Perdido Key Oil has not been reported onshore in the state beyond northwest Florida , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . Alabama Stronger winds and surf from Tropical Storm Alex have increased oiling on Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  While the storm does not directly affect our area , it is having an impact on the amount of oil reaching our shores and limiting the ability for cleanup , " the bureau 's website said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan , and in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou and Old River . Waters off beaches flying double red flags are officially closed . Last week , the department also issued a no-swimming advisory for Dauphin Island and the Mississippi Sound . Mississippi South Mississippi beaches experienced significant oiling on Sunday and Monday , according to the Mississippi Gulf Coast visitors bureau . Advisories have been issued for two areas along the beaches in Jackson and Harrison counties . The beaches are not closed , but state officials "  advise people to be aware of their surroundings while recreating . " Visitors should avoid contact with oil . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the National Park Service 's website said . But several spots have been affected by the oil spill , and a public health advisory is in effect parkwide . "  If you see or smell oil in the water or on the beach , avoid contact with water and report it to the nearest lifeguard or park ranger , " the park service 's website said . Grand Isle , Louisiana The oil 's biggest impact in Louisiana is on the portion of the coast from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east , according to a state emergency website . "  Most of the Louisiana Gulf Coast , 70 percent , is unaffected by the oil spill and remains open for commercial and recreational fishing , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	Health advisory issued for Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key beaches in Florida Mississippi beaches experienced significant oiling earlier this week Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters
CNN  -- The Formula One Teams Association  FOTA  has written to motorsport 's governing body about the 2011 race calendar amidst a backdrop of confusion over the re-instated Bahrain Grand Prix . FOTA confirmed to CNN they had sent a letter to the International Automobile Federation  FIA  and the Bahrain International Circuit discussing the season 's schedule , after the recent decision to stage the Bahrain race in October . The original event was canceled in March due to ongoing civil unrest in the Gulf kingdom but Max Mosley , former head of the FIA , told CNN Tuesday that he would be "  astonished " if the grand prix went ahead . Mosley said any change to the race calendar would have to be unanimously supported by all 12 F1 teams -- something he thought was highly unlikely . Mosley : Bahrain Grand Prix will not go ahead Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone also admitted to CNN in Monaco that he was unsure whether the race would go ahead . When asked if F1 could take a stand against the violence in the country he said : "  I think it would be difficult to do that , but I think we 'd have to -- sort of -- do something that would keep everybody peaceful . " Red Bull driver Mark Webber criticized the FIA 's decision saying on his personal web site : "  I 'll be highly surprised if the Bahrain Grand Prix goes ahead this year . " In a statement , FOTA confirmed to CNN : "  The Teams have discussed the 2011 calendar within FOTA and have expressed their views privately in a letter to the FIA , FOM  Formula One Management  and the Bahrain International Circuit . " Canada is the next stop on the schedule for Formula One , as they prepare for this weekend 's Montreal Grand Prix , where questions over the Bahrain race will remain high on the agenda . The UK Press Association reported Tuesday that the FOTA letter demanded the FIA abandon plans to return to Bahrain due to "  logistical and safety concerns . " They also claimed the plan to switch the Indian Grand Prix to the end of the season , in December , in order to accommodate the Bahrain race was "  unbearable to our staff . " On Tuesday , Mosley told CNN there was little chance of the Bahrain GP going ahead and claimed there would be no serious damage done to the sport 's reputation if the FIA were to swiftly cancel plans to return . He said : "  When you 're going to change something in the middle of the season , like the proposal to move the Indian race for example , that needs the unanimous agreement of all the teams . I do n't think there 's the slightest chance of that actually being given . "  The teams have complete power in this particular case because although the governing body can cancel an event for reason of force majeure - as happened in the case of Bahrain -- when you want to put an event on or move an event , that 's a change to the conditions under which the teams entered for the season and that 's like any contract -- you can only change it if both sides agree . "  All 12 teams would have to agree to change the Indian date and go back to Bahrain , so it only takes one team to say ' I do n't agree ' and that 'll be the end of it . It would not be possible for it to happen . "	Formula One Teams Association write to sport 's governing body about 2011 calendar FOTA 's letter also sent to Bahrain International Circuit who host the Bahrain GP Former motorsport chief Max Mosley told CNN the Bahrain race wo n't go ahead UK Press Association claim FOTA letter asks for Bahrain race to be dropped
Washington  CNN  -- House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is tapping a fresh face -- 42-year-old Latino Rep. Ben Ray Lujan of New Mexico -- to replace Rep. Steve Israel of New York at the helm of the party 's campaign efforts . Israel chaired the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee during the 2012 and 2014 elections but had said in the wake of this year 's Republican victories that he would n't seek a third term in that role . Lujan , a former state utility regulator who was first elected to Congress in 2008 , is set to start his fourth term representing a congressional district that includes Santa Fe . Pelosi tweeted the news of Lujan 's selection Monday . Lujan is one of the Democratic caucuses younger members , a group that has faced pressure to bring newer members to the leadership table . Lujan will face a tall task : After a drubbing in the 2014 midterms , Democrats have just 186 House seats to the GOP 's 244 , with five races still undecided .	New Mexico Rep. Ben Ray Lujan is the next chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Lujan replaces Rep. Steve Israel , who helmed the party 's campaign efforts in 2012 and 2014 Lujan is a 42-year-old New Mexico Democrat entering his fourth term
CNN  -- Country music stars and fans alike honored George Jones on Thursday at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville . It was a fitting site for the late country music legend , who had been a member of the show since 1956 . Stars such as Randy Travis , Brad Paisley and Tanya Tucker paid homage to Jones , who died Friday at 81 , with music and heartfelt speeches . WSMonline.com , the website for the Nashville radio station that carries the Opry , and Opry.com were both down toward the beginning of the more than two-hour service , probably because of the large number of fans hoping to watch the event online . Grand Old Opry announcer Eddie Stubbs kicked off the memorial , introducing Tucker with the Imperials , who sang "  The Old Rugged Cross . " Barbara Mandrell , who sang alongside Jones on her 1981 hit "  I Was Country When Country Was n't Cool , " took the stage to say a few words about "  the greatest singer of all time in country music . " Nobody will ever be able to fill Jones ' shoes , she added . Mandrell spoke about the time she met Jones as a 13-year-old on tour , saying , "  What a joy that memory is to me . " She was followed by Kid Rock , who shared the chorus of an unfinished song he was writing for Jones : "  I may be a little slower , but I 'm still 12 steps ahead of you . " "  Unfortunately , I did n't get to play that for him . So , Plan B , " he said before launching into his song "  The Best of Me . " As former first lady Laura Bush took the stage , she thanked Jones ' widow , Nancy , for giving her the opportunity to speak . "  When I was still in school , my friends and I must 've put 1,000 quarters in the jukebox to listen to ` The Race Is On , ' " she said . She also recalled hearing Jones ' "  White Lightning " blaring from the White House gym as "  George W. worked out on the treadmill listening to George J. " "  In American music , George was truly a legend beyond compare , " she said . "  We see that in the wonderful musical talent that 's gathered here to honor George and celebrate his life . ... Today , we 're left with the gift of his songs on Earth , and we can only imagine how beautiful the heavens now sound . " Paisley , who sang "  Me and Jesus , " encouraged those who might be less familiar with Jones ' work to buy his albums so they could see "  what all this ruckus is about . " Jones ' close friend and protege Alan Jackson was the last to perform , singing Jones ' 1980 classic "  He Stopped Loving Her Today . "	Stars and fans honored George Jones on Thursday at the Grand Ole Opry House Randy Travis , Brad Paisley and Tanya Tucker paid homage to Jones Laura Bush thanked Jones ' widow , Nancy , for giving her the opportunity to speak
CNN  -- Half way to a popular waterfall at Yosemite National Park , the 15 members of a Southern California family decided to take a break from the trail at a footbridge that crosses the boulder-strewn Merced River . Somehow , two boys -- whether dipping their feet in the water or wading -- were swept away Wednesday afternoon by the deceptive current , park officials said . The 10-year-old drowned and a 6-year-old was missing , prompting a search and rescue effort . The boys are either half-brothers or stepbrothers , officials said . The tragedy occurred during the park 's busiest month , when 750,000 visitors enjoy the verdant national treasure that is the size of Rhode Island . It was not clear whether the family , hiking on Mist Trail from the Happy Isles Trailhead , intended to go all the way to spectacular Vernal Fall , less than a mile from the footbridge . The unidentified 10-year-old became the park 's third drowning victim of 2012 , said ranger and park spokesman Scott Gediman . Efforts to resuscitate the youth were unsuccessful . A 57-year-old man drowned this year in the Merced River in the western portion of Yosemite and another man died on the south fork of the river in the Wawona area . Watch : Safety tips for camping Although there was no sign at the footbridge , visitors pass a water warning sign at the trailhead , Gediman said Thursday . "  Yosemite is a wild place by definition , " the ranger told CNN , adding parents should assess each situation . "  We try to provide the best and most accurate information we can to people . " Although river levels are lower this year because of a low snow pack , the Merced flows rapidly through a V-shaped canyon and chute channels , Gediman said . While the river is only several inches deep at the bank , the middle of the river can be four to five feet deep in places and thick with boulders . "  Whether it is a high water level or low , the Merced River flows year round and the current can pull anybody in , " said Gediman . Nine people have died at Yosemite thus far this year , officials said . One visitor was killed when a tree fell and another died in a rock-climbing accident . Of the 20 deaths in 2011 , seven were water-related , according to Gediman . In July 2011 , a young man lost his footing , slipping close to the edge of the Vernal Fall waterfall . A female companion frantically grabbed for him but stumbled . Another hiker followed and the three died after they were swept over the powerful 317-foot falls . One body was found in August and two others were recovered in November and December 2011 . From the archives : Rangers recover body of man swept over waterfall in Yosemite Yosemite offers visitors spectacular views of mountains , falls and rivers , but park officials warn visitors to be careful . Rangers say some visitors partake in dangerous practices such as hiking treacherous trails in flip-flops , climbing over safety rails to take better pictures or swimming perilously close to waterfalls . Water is a major attraction at Yosemite , and most visitors swim and otherwise safely enjoy its lakes and rivers , Gediman said . Witnesses told park authorities that the three hikers who were swept over the waterfall in July 2011 had climbed over a safety rail . "  We do n't station a ranger in every possible dangerous place that 's out there , " park ranger Kari Cobb said last year . "  People have to come here and realize that Yosemite is nature , and it is a very wild place . " From the archives : Yosemite tragedy underscores dangers of deceptive rivers CNN 's Michael Martinez and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	River current is deceiving , park official says The two boys and other family members waded into a river after hiking a park trail A 10-year-old boy pulled from the river was pronounced dead A search is under way for a 6-year-old boy
CNN  -- The "  fastest man in rugby " is to remain in the sport after resisting overtures from a major National Football League  NFL  team to sign for British team Glasgow Warriors . Carlin Isles built his reputation playing for the U.S. in the HSBC Sevens World Series , where his searing pace helped him score 27 tries in 14 tournaments . The former track athlete caught the attention of NFL franchise the Detroit Lions , who signed Isles to a practice contract in December . But Isles has opted to commit his future to rugby , moving from sevens into the 15-a-side version of the sport with the Warriors -- who play in the Rabo Direct Pro 12 competition with teams from Scotland , Ireland , Wales and Italy . "  I ca n't wait to fly over to Glasgow and join up with my new teammates , " the 24-year-old , who only started playing sevens for the U.S. in 2012 , told the Sevens World Series website "  Everything has happened so quickly for me over the last couple of years and I 'm just happy to be playing rugby and getting the opportunity to play at the highest level . " Isles has n't ruled out representing the U.S. sevens team , known as "  The Eagles " , in future tournaments , but for now he is focused solely on playing for Glasgow . The Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend , a veteran of 82 Test matches with Scotland 's rugby union team , is excited by the potential of Isles -- who clocked a time of 4.22 seconds for the 40-yard dash while training with the Lions . "  This is a major coup for the club and a very exciting prospect , " said Townsend . "  Carlin is an exceptionally gifted athlete , who has picked up the game of rugby in a very short period of time and has had a huge impact on the sevens circuit over the last couple of years . " Isles ' conversations with Townsend proved key to the American 's decision in making the switch from sevens into the 15-a-side form of the sport . "  It 's very exciting to be moving to the 15-a-side game , " he added . "  It 's a lot different to sevens but I want to work hard and do everything I can to succeed . "  I 've been in contact with Gregor  Townsend  a few times and knowing he really wants me and sees something in me means a lot and was a big factor in deciding to join the club . " The Detroit Lions was not immediately available for comment .	Carlin Isles signs a contract with Glasgow Warriors rugby union team The American made his name playing in the HSBC Sevens World Series Isles previously signed a practice contract with NFL franchise the Detroit Lions The former track athlete made his sevens debut in 2012
CNN  -- Hanny van Arkel was poring over photos of galaxies on the Internet in August 2007 when she stumbled across a strange object in the night sky : a bright , gaseous mass with a gaping hole in its middle . Hanny van Arkel made her discovery by poring over images of galaxies on an astronomy Web site . "  It looked a bit like an irregular galaxy , but I was n't sure what it was , " Van Arkel said . So she posted a query on the Web site of the Galaxy Zoo project , which encourages members of the public to join in astronomy research online . Van Arkel is a 25-year-old schoolteacher in Heerlen , The Netherlands , not an astrophysicist . But her startling find -- a mysterious and unique object some observers are calling a "  cosmic ghost " -- has captivated astronomers and even caught the attention of the people who run the Hubble Space Telescope , who have agreed to take a closer look next year . "  This discovery really shows how citizen science has come of age in the Internet world , " said Bill Keel , professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Alabama and a Galaxy Zoo team member . "  There was a time when I spoke pejoratively of armchair astronomers . And I 've gotten up at a star party and publicly apologized for that . " Not so long ago , the term "  amateur astronomer " conjured images of stargazers peering through backyard telescopes . But today 's are as likely to be analyzing reams of sophisticated data collected by observatories and posted on space-related Web sites . Armchair observers like van Arkel increasingly are making significant contributions to science , said Steve Maran , spokesman for the American Astronomical Society , a group of 6,500 professionals . Amateurs have been invited to present papers at recent AAS conferences , "  which would n't have happened years ago , " he said . A successful example of amateur-professional collaboration , the Galaxy Zoo project was launched last year by Yale University astrophysicist Kevin Schawinski and Chris Lintott at the University of Oxford in England . The pair were looking for help in cataloging archived photographs of galaxies -- one million images -- taken by the robotic Sloan Digital Sky Survey telescope in remote southern New Mexico . Knowing that the human eye is sometimes more sensitive than a computer at picking out unusual patterns -- and that they did n't have time to do all the work themselves -- Schawinski and Lintott posted the images on the Galaxy Zoo Web site last summer . The professors then invited amateur astronomers , with the help of a brief online tutorial , to classify the galaxies as spiral , elliptical or something else . Online galaxy-sorting might not sound as fun as , say , surfing YouTube , but it was an immediate hit . "  We were overwhelmed by the response . It completely melted the server , " Schawinski said . "  People tell us it 's addictive . Some of -LSB- the volunteers -RSB- are professional astronomers , but most of them are not . They 're just regular people who got excited about the project . " During the past year , more than 150,000 armchair astronomers from all over the world volunteered their time , submitting more than 50 million classifications . The public 's collective wisdom -- the same principle that guides jury trials or Wikipedia -- proved remarkably astute , Schawinski said . For example , if 33 of 36 volunteers thought a galaxy appeared elliptical , then astronomers could be confident the classification was correct , he said . Van Arkel had been classifying photos on Galaxy Zoo for about a week when she came across the image that quickly became known as "  Hanny 's Voorwerp , " Dutch for "  object . " The primary school teacher does not own a telescope -- "  my -LSB- astronomy -RSB- background does n't really go further than looking at the stars when walking outside in the evening , " she said -- but when she posted her finding August 13 on the Galaxy Zoo forum , the astronomers who run the site began to investigate . They soon realized van Arkel might have found a new class of astronomical object . The Galaxy Zoo team asked scientists working at telescopes around the world to take a look at the mysterious Voorwerp . Their best guess : The Voorwerp is probably a cloud of hot gas punctured by a central hole 16,000 light years across and illuminated by the "  dying embers " of a nearby quasar , Schawinski said . Quasars are distant , highly luminous astronomical objects powered by black holes ; scientists suspect that light from the quasar still illuminates the Voorwerp even though the quasar itself burned out in the past 100,000 years . "  It 's this light echo that has been frozen in time for us to observe , " said Lintott , the Oxford scientist . "  It 's rather like examining the scene of a crime where , although we ca n't see them , we know the culprit must be lurking somewhere nearby in the shadows . " Galaxy Zoo leaders are eagerly awaiting images from NASA 's orbiting Hubble , which is scheduled to train its powerful instruments on the Voorwerp in 2009 . In the meantime , van Arkel is enjoying the fuss over her contribution to astronomy . "  It 's amazing to think that ... amateur volunteers can help by spotting things like this online , " she said . "  What excites me the most is that all of this leads to more interest in science . "	Using the Web , a Dutch schoolteacher has discovered a strange astronomical object The find illustrates how more amateur astronomers are contributing to science The Galaxy Zoo project encourages the public to join in astronomy research online Hubble Space Telescope has agreed to take a closer look at the object next year
CNN  -- We 've been asking you to make connections between two seemingly different countries -- and more than a month into Global Connections , the response so far has been amazing . Thanks again to everyone who made links between China and Turkey , the latest pair of countries we 've been trying to connect . We started the week talking to Craig Glenday , editor-in-chief of Guinness World Records . He told CNN 's Becky Anderson about some sporting ties the two countries share . One of the links he found was wrestling , which is popular in both Turkey and Inner Mongolia in China . Glenday also noted that both countries are known for having athletes who excel in weightlifting . Map : See the countries that have been connected so far Many of you noted that the flags of both countries are similar -- both feature stars against a red background . "  Mihaj " used the Silk Road to link the two , noting that it is the oldest commercial trade route and used to span between China and Turkey . In keeping with the historic theme , blog commenter "  Pamela Ann Smith " said that Turkey 's exquisite Iznik pottery , which has blue floral motifs , owes much to the development of rare blue ceramic dyes in China . We took a look at how rapidly China is changing by examining some cool interactives made by Chinfographics . We also spoke to Jung Chang , author of "  Wild Swans " and "  Mao : The Unknown Story . " We always love personal stories and were so excited when a couple about to tie the knot in Istanbul shared some connections . Bride Deniz Tura told us that three of her friends are coming from China for the upcoming wedding . Istanbul 's contemporary cultural scene was another topic we explored . Our city guide highlights some of the city 's best contemporary museums and music venues . Turkey and China can be tied together through their membership in the G-20 . They also both have fast-growing economies and are emerging powers , said "  Momolu Dorley . " The two countries also share linguistic ties , " Richard Wojcik " said . The language of the Uighurs , a Muslim minority group in China , is a Turkic language and falls in the same language family as Turkish . Please keep sending us your comments . The next set of countries we 're looking at is Australia and Angola . Check out our quiz to see how much you know about these two countries , and if you make any links , leave us a message on the blog . As usual , we 'll investigate the best on Connect the World . Happy connecting !	A look at the ways viewers and readers connected China and Turkey The two countries are on opposite ends of the historic silk route They 're also both rising powers which have fast-growing economies Up for another challenge ? Try linking our next pair of countries : Australia and Angola
CNN  -- These are n't your typical Southern escapes . An African safari-style tent in the middle of Texas Hill Country . Skeet shooting from a former Coast Guard station 34 miles offshore . Remote treehouses in the middle of a blackwater river . Heck , they 're not your average vacations anywhere in the world . Here are five unusual summer getaway ideas for travelers headed to the U.S. South , also featured in the summer issue of Garden & Gun magazine hitting newsstands May 16 . The Southern lifestyle magazine does n't feature that many gardens or guns , although there 's usually some kind of sport and garden in every issue . Borrowed from a 1970s Charleston disco called the Garden & Gun Club , the title is more a metaphor for the Southern lifestyle , heritage and land . "  People who remember it  the club  still speak of it with a dreamy look in their eyes , " says editor in chief David DiBenedetto . Just like you might after one of these unusual trips : Frying Pan Shoals Light Station , Southport , North Carolina Once a light station that marked the shoals off the coast of Southport , North Carolina , for ships , the two-story Frying Pan Shoals Light Station now houses a bed-and-breakfast perched on a platform 32 miles off the coast of Cape Fear . The main level is 85 feet high , the helipad is at 95 feet and the top of the lighthouse is 130 feet high . Built in 1964 for the U.S. Coast Guard and auctioned to new owner Richard Neal for $ 85,000 in 2010 , the light station was typical of those stations built in the mid-1900s to replace light ships . The use of GPS in shipping made the stations obsolete . Gatsby glam : 8 grand estates Now the 5,000-square-foot space can host up to 14 guests in eight bedrooms . It 's equipped with Wi-Fi , hot water , a driving range  with ocean-friendly biodegradable golf balls  , a skeet range , spectacular fishing and incredible views . It 's a labor of love for Neal , who is still restoring the platform and raising funds to do more . That means some parts will be off-limits , and you 'll sign a waiver before setting foot on the platform . Book your own transportation via helicopter , chartered boat or take your own boat to the station or pay for an all-inclusive package that includes transportation via boat . "  You 're living and sleeping on top of a wild coral reef , " says DiBenedetto . "  Dolphin , tuna and whales come by . There is water as far as you can see . It 's pretty wild and different . " 6 hot resorts for adults only Edisto River Treehouses , Canadys , South Carolina For an experience truly detached from the modern world , consider a stay at the Edisto River Tree Houses . Built on an island in the middle of a private wildlife refuge along a free-flowing blackwater river , the treehouses are a 13-mile paddle downriver . The color of a blackwater river is because of the tannic acid in the water , which is leached from the leaves of fallen trees along the river 's edge . South Carolina 's blackwater rivers start at springs in the Sandhills area of the state and meander until they empty into the Atlantic Ocean . "  It 's like paddling back in time , and the river is slow moving , so it 's an easy paddle , " DiBenedetto says . Keep your eye out for alligators . Some canoeing experience is helpful to navigate fallen trees , which are often but not always cleared by volunteers taking care of the river . This is a truly rustic stay : You have to bring your own sleeping bag , towels , food and water in the canoe . While the treehouses have cooking equipment and sleeping lofts , there 's no electricity . Guests can cook on an outside grill and can use candles and torches at night . Serenbe , Chattahoochee Hills , Georgia A 1,000-acre community in Georgia 's Chattahoochee Hill Country , Serenbe is dedicated to sustainable principles . The land , southwest of Atlanta , is protected from urban sprawl and its 170 residents embrace walkability , preservation and community living . Serenbe offers visitors access to a working farm , wonderful restaurants , a farmers and artists market and for overnight visitors , The Inn at Serenbe . Enjoy hikes , hayrides and horseback rides there . "  You can enjoy all the benefits of being a farmer without having to do the backbreaking labor , " says DiBenedetto . "  It 's a great escape , especially for the family . " Sinya on Lone Man Creek , near Wimberley , Texas If you want to go on an African safari but ca n't make the trip all the way to Africa , the safari-style tent at Sinya on Lone Man Creek may be for you and your beloved . Located on a ridge overlooking Lone Man Creek in the Hill Country of Texas , Sinya is the spot for luxurious relaxation after a day of bird watching , hiking or fishing . Treasure hunters can poke around at the artists ' booths at the nearby First Saturday Market or make the 40-minute drive to the big city lights of Austin . Dine out at restaurants in the nearby town of Wimberley or pick up provisions at the local market to cook your own dinner at Sinya . Whatever your day , you can sit back on your veranda as the sun sets and enjoy a glass of local wine . You two will be all alone  no other tents or guests to distract you  to fall asleep in the king-size bed with goose down pillows and comforter . Wake up to the sounds of nature just outside your tent . The Moorings Village & Spa , Islamorada , Florida Set aside thoughts of a stereotypical Florida Keys vacation , crowded and overly touristy . A coconut plantation in its former life , The Moorings Village & Spa is for guests who want an Old Florida experience in the Keys . The resort has 18 cottages , a private beach open only to guests , dockage , a heated lap pool , spa services and yoga classes , kayaks and bicycles . You can also book a fishing , diving and snorkeling trip . "  You 're at a first-rate resort with first-rate amenities , and the architecture of the cottages is beautiful , " says DiBenedetto . See more of Garden & Gun 's summer escapes here .	Take a helicopter to stay at a former Coast Guard light station Paddle your canoe several miles to a tree house along a black water river Book a safari-style modified tent in the middle of Texas Hill Country
CNN  -- Over the past two decades , Bishop Eddie Long has built his public ministry at New Birth Missionary Baptist Church near Atlanta , Georgia , upon a testosterone-laden theology and a hypermasculine image . His books bear titles such as "  Taking Over , " "  Called to Conquer " and "  Gladiator . " Typical names for his sermons are "  Conquer and Subdue " and "  Reign or Maintain . " The ministry motto , "  Taking Authority , " is signified by a golden sword and shield that adorns the bishop 's ring finger . This is why I was saddened to watch Eddie Long duck and dodge allegations that he seduced multiple teenage boys into sexual relationships . One would think that someone who constantly preaches about male headship , rulership , and power would deny these allegations with the same bravado that he defends his right to drive a $ 300,000 automobile . Yet on Sunday we never heard the term "  innocent , " or a refutation of the charges . In fact , we witnessed a cowardly , rhetorical two-step that may mark the tragic end to this bishop 's reign . Milquetoast quotes like "  I am not the man being portrayed on television , " and "  I 'm going to fight this , " are at best nondenials . Anyone familiar with these sorts of civil cases knows that such word selection is common among those trying to deflect a potential perjury charge down the line . Either Long engaged in inappropriate sexual acts with these young men or he did n't . To hide behind legal counsel , biblical metaphors and spiritualized acknowledgments of one 's imperfection insults the intelligence of those who respect him and his ministry . The question on the hearts and minds of parishioners is not whether he is a "  perfect man . " Nor does this story have anything to do with David and Goliath , as Long so irresponsibly alluded . The faithful just want to know whether Long used his authority  and their money  to maintain a teenage male harem under the pretense of mentoring . Is this too much to ask ? As a professor of social ethics who trains aspiring clergy , you pray religious leaders adhere to two important points . First , although we all fall short of our professed moral ideals , one should never spiritualize indiscretions . And no religious leader is fit to be called a leader unless he or she is willing to acknowledge when he or she is wrong . Second , we must draw a line between our position and the institution that we are called to serve . The latter should always be considered more precious and important than the former . Eddie Long had four days leading up to Sunday morning to address these charges . But aside from a brief yet legally broad statement through lawyers saying that "  the charges against me and New Birth are false , " he did not counter the boys ' allegations . He did choose , however , to invite the media and the world into the house of prayer on the Christian Sabbath . By doing so , he appears to be the kind of pastor who puts his own protection and self-preservation before the community of faith . And rather than courageously defending himself , he looked like a coward using New Birth 's congregation as human shields . If the bishop wants to take authority , he needs to begin by taking some responsibility . Maybe for the good of New Birth , Eddie Long should take that sword out of his golden ring and fall on it . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan L. Walton .	Jonathan Walton : Bishop Long never directly refuted allegations of seducing teen boys Walton says those trying to deflect a perjury charge use the cowardly rhetoric Long used Long hid behind biblical metaphors , he writes , used congregation as shield Walton believes if the bishop wants authority , he needs to take responsibility
CNN  -- A Leonardo da Vinci mural unseen since the 16th century may have been found hidden behind a fresco painted by another artist , art researchers in Florence , Italy said Monday . Da Vinci painted "  The Battle of Anghiari " on a wall of the Hall of the 500 of the Palazzo Vecchio , the seat of Florence government , in 1503 , but the masterpiece was lost during a restoration project 50 years later . The theory is that when artist Giorgio Vasari created his mural "  The Battle of Marciano , " he erected a brick wall in front of da Vinci 's plaster wall , effectively preserving the older masterpiece . "  They told us we were looking on the wrong wall , that it was just a legend , " Florence Mayor Matteo Renzi said at a news conference Monday , where researchers revealed the discovery of paint apparently matching pigment from Leonardo 's "  Mona Lisa . " Da Vinci 's work was commissioned to commemorate the Republic of Florence 's victory over Milan in the battle on the plain of Anghiari in 1440 . While da Vinci was believed to have not been satisfied with the result , in which he used new techniques , art historians said it was a much-studied masterpiece in its day . Museum finds earliest ` Mona Lisa ' copy The research team is led by the National Geographic Society and University of California , San Diego 's Center of Interdisciplinary Science for Art , Architecture and Archaeology , in partnership with the City of Florence . "  In name of the City of Florence , I ask the Italian government and the Minister for Cultural Heritage and Activities Lorenzo Ornaghi to authorize us to verify how much of the masterpiece is there and if it 's worth it to bring it back to light , " Mayor Renzi said . Researchers were allowed to drill six holes through the newer mural to reach the second wall . Since they chose sections that had been restored by later artists , the holes did not damage Vasari 's original work . Are there more lost Leonardo works ? An electron microscope identified chemicals in the paint as similar to black pigment found in brown glazes on da Vinci 's "  Mona Lisa " and "  St. John the Baptist , " according to Professor Maurizio Seracini , who is working with National Geographic . Scans also shows flakes of red material unlikely to be on a plaster wall and beige material that "  could only have been applied by a paint brush , " the researchers said . An air gap between the hidden plaster wall and the newer brick wall suggest that Vasari may have tried to preserve da Vinci 's mural , they said . "  These data are very encouraging , " Seracini said . The National Geographic Channel will present "  Finding the Lost da Vinci , " a documentary on the project , Sunday , March 18 . Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	Researchers think they 've found Leonardo 's "  The Battle of Anghiari " Pigment found on a hidden wall match "  Mona Lisa " paint , they say The mayor of Florence wants the Italian government to approve more study The wall is in the Hall of the 500 of the Palazzo Vecchio , the seat of Florence government
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A Philadelphia abortion provider who killed babies by cutting their spinal cords with scissors was found guilty of first-degree murder on Monday . The conviction on three counts of first-degree murder means Dr. Kermit Gosnell , 72 , could be sentenced to death . Assistant District Attorney Joanne Pescatore sobbed after the verdict in the high-profile case was announced . Gosnell appeared shocked . He let out a sigh and shook his head back and forth . Defense attorney Jack McMahon told CNN it 's too soon to tell whether he will appeal the conviction . "  We were disappointed . We put on a vigorous defense . We think it went well for us in the courtroom , " he said . "  But the jury spoke , and we respect the jury 's verdict . " Gosnell also was accused in the death of Karnamaya Mongar , 41 , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion at his West Philadelphia clinic . In that case , the jury found him guilty of involuntary manslaughter . Gosnell , who is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , was also found guilty of 21 counts of abortion of the unborn , 24 weeks or older . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . Abortion doctor case triggers painful memories for ex-patient The case next moves to the penalty phase , when jurors will weigh whether to give Gosnell a death sentence . It 's possible the doctor will testify , said William Brennan , an attorney who represented Gosnell earlier in the case . "  I would think there would be a lot of mitigation in this case and I think probably , and this is a guess , but probably at that time the jury would hear from Dr. Gosnell , " he said . Earlier Monday , the jury , after deliberating for two weeks , said it was hung on two counts , and the judge instructed them to continue trying to reach a verdict on them . Judge Jeffrey P. Minehart also told jurors that their progress showed they were "  considering the evidence seriously . " Gosnell 's co-defendant , Eileen O'Neill , 56 , was found guilty of conspiracy to operate a corrupt organization and two counts of theft by deception for operating without a license to practice medicine . O'Neill , a medical school graduate , was not charged with performing illegal abortions . Both pleaded not guilty . Eight people involved in Gosnell 's clinic , called the Women 's Medical Society , have pleaded guilty to various charges , including four to murder . The grand jury report from 2011 says the "  people who ran this sham medical practice included no doctors other than Gosnell himself , and not even a single nurse , " yet they still made diagnoses , performed procedures and administered drugs . McMahon , in an impassioned , 2Â 1/2 - hour closing argument , said that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already dead as a result of Gosnell administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . Gosnell also was accused of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some in which litter boxes and animals allegedly were present at the time ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . The remains of aborted fetuses were stored in water jugs , pet food containers and a freezer at the clinic , the city 's chief medical examiner Sam Gulino testified . Former employee Kareema Cross said Gosnell regularly performed illegal late-term abortions that he routinely recorded as "  24.5 weeks . " McMahon , who called no witnesses , accused prosecutors of "  the most extraordinary hype and exaggeration in the history of the criminal justice system , " even adding that they are "  elitist " and "  racist . " Gosnell has been accused by authorities of preying on low-income , minority women . McMahon argued that Gosnell offered access to health care for people who were poor and without health insurance . During his closing remarks , Philadelphia Assistant District Attorney Edward Cameron turned to Gosnell and yelled , "  Are you human ? " Gosnell smirked at Cameron without speaking . Cameron then continued , declaring , "  It 's time for us to extinguish the fire he created . " The doctor was first charged in January 2011 . The case has drawn national attention and sharp criticism from anti-abortion activists . But that does n't mean it sets a precedent , CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said . "  The testimony in this case was so graphic and so horrific . It was described literally as a house of horrors taking place in this Philadelphia clinic , " Callan said . "  So I think that most objective observers will say that ultimately this will be an isolated case , hopefully , and that it 's simply a case where prosecutors had to act . It had nothing to do with being pro- or anti-abortion . " After Monday 's verdict , the leader of one anti-abortion group said justice had been served . "  Even as we celebrate this verdict , we honor and mourn as well those among our nation 's weakest children who did not receive ` their day in court ' -- and we must remember that Gosnell is not an outlier within the abortion industry , " Lila Rose , president of Live Action , said in a written statement . "  We can not allow these ` guilty ' verdicts , welcome as they are , to make us complacent when it comes to the continuing abuses happening even now in abortion facilities throughout our nation . " More restrictions on abortions will lead to more cases like the Women 's Medical Society , not fewer , abortion rights advocates argue . "  We thought we had said goodbye to back-alley abortionists , " said Jessica Arons , head of the Women 's Health and Rights Program at the Center for American Progress . "  Legal access to abortion helps counteract "  predators " who "  prey on vulnerable women , " Arons said . "  It 's not that we need more laws or stricter laws , " she said . "  Pennsylvania just did n't do its job in enforcing the laws against him earlier . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Josh Levs , David Ariosto , Jason Hanna and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Defense attorney : "  The jury spoke and we respect the jury 's verdict " Dr. Kermit Gosnell is convicted of three counts of first-degree murder A jury also finds him guilty of involuntary manslaughter The first-degree murder conviction means Gosnell could face the death penalty
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Crossing borders as a transgender woman is always a challenge . There are many reasons immigration authorities reject you , but sometimes it 's simply because they do n't seem to understand who we are . My name is Eliana Rubashkyn and I was born in BogotÃ ¡ , Colombia . I 'm a trained pharmacist and speak five languages fluently , and until recently , I was studying for an MBA in Health Administration in Taiwan on a government scholarship . I also used to be a man . Last year , I was forced to travel to Hong Kong to renew my passport because of my altered gender . Hong Kong -- a one-hour flight away -- is the nearest Colombian consulate from Taiwan . The trip was also necessary to allow me to apply for the second year of my graduate degree . Little did I know my life would be turned upside down when I boarded that plane . Confusion , hostility On arrival at Hong Kong 's sprawling international airport , immigration officials reacted with a combination of confusion and hostility after looking at my travel documents . I arrived as a woman but my passport identified me as a man . It had n't occurred to me to check the implications of changing my sex on my freedom to travel and the way I 'd be treated . I was immediately refused entry and told that I was facing being deported . I was detained in a cramped room at the airport and permitted access to the male toilet only , despite my repeated requests to be allowed to use the female facilities . -LSB- The Hong Kong Customs department told CNN in a statement that according to their procedures they have to take into account the gender as indicated on the passport . As Rubashkyn 's passport still carried the "  male " gender marker , officials had to follow procedures for those identified as men . -RSB- A deportation letter was soon issued to me , which meant Hong Kong authorities were forcing me to leave . I feared I 'd be sent back to Colombia , a place I had left because I suffered discrimination and violent abuse -- including two murder attempts -- precisely because I 'm transgender . After hours of crying and appeals to all my Facebook friends using my smartphone , several lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  rights groups in Hong Kong contacted me and appealed to immigration officials to give me permission to enter the city . -LSB- Two independent sources with knowledge of this case told CNN Rubashkyn 's release was secured via the local Colombian consulate . Once consular officials were notified , they secured her conditional release , meaning she could enter Hong Kong but not leave for anywhere but Colombia . As a result , she filed a refugee claim with the local UNHCR office . -RSB- Stateless While the process to become a refugee can take years , the situation was so clear for the agency that full status was conferred in only 12 days . September 30 last year marked the day I became a "  stateless person . " I had effectively surrendered my nationality . -LSB- While the UNHCR does n't comment on specific cases for the security of the refugee status claimant , they provided the following statement to CNN : "  An applicant 's sexual orientation and/or gender identity can be relevant to a refugee claim where he or she fears persecutory harm on account of his or her actual or perceived sexual orientation and/or gender identity . " -RSB- Yet I was still holding a deportation letter from Hong Kong . My fear of being deported to a place where I am not allowed to be myself and where exposing myself could lead me to face death , forced me to request resettlement with the UNHCR and forget the life I had built in Taiwan . Inner identity Since I was six years old , I knew that my physical gender did not match my inner feelings and inner identity , and I had to grow in the wrong way being a person I was not . I tried to be myself in my room several times as a teen , by dressing in women 's clothes , but when I was in my 20s I decided to show the world the person I really was . I needed courage to go out on the streets as Eliana knowing the hazards that existed in a dangerous city like BogotÃ ¡ . Colombia is a country where machismo , transphobia and homophobia are deeply ingrained in society . South America accounts for 80 % of globally reported trans-people murders since 2008 , from a total of 643 cases -- according to the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association  ILGA  , a Geneva-based NGO . Of that figure , Colombia alone accounts for around 12 % of cases . In Taiwan I found a safe place to be myself , where I could start my medical treatment and my transition from male to female , while working towards my MBA -- fulfilling a double dream of being Eliana and advancing my career . Over time I could see and feel my body changing . I was becoming a woman only a year after the hormone replacement therapy started in Taiwan . In Hong Kong , this medical treatment was as necessary as food and shelter . After almost nine months in the city in which local LGBT group Rainbow made my survival possible , I moved to New Zealand , where I was allowed to reside in a resettlement center . Hong Kong hardship The situation for refugees in Hong Kong is more complicated . We are forced to live in miserable conditions , without any control over our lives . We are not allowed to work and study , and Hong Kong only provides us about US$ 150 per month for food and other basic needs . The city 's statutory minimum wage for a 40-hour-a-week employee is US$ 620 per month . I also discovered other perils . In October last year , I fainted in the street because I was lacking the medical treatment needed as part of my gender transformation . I was sent to the emergency room of the city 's Queen Elizabeth hospital . When they realized who I was , I was given basic treatment and placed in a padded room in a psychiatric ward and restrained on a bed . -LSB- A statement from the Health Authority , the government department responsible for public hospitals in Hong Kong , said Rubashkyn "  received appropriate clinical treatment and nursing care " and that "  all arrangements were made based on the clinical needs of the patient . " -RSB- Again , Rainbow rescued me . The group pleaded at the hospital for my release . This followed full UNHCR refugee recognition , which places the person concerned under the agency 's protection . -LSB- The Health Authority clarified in the same statement to CNN that discharge was to "  handle  a  refugee-related issue . " -RSB- For the UNHCR , the process has been very complicated . Most countries require sex reassignment surgery ; few countries allow gender changes on paper if they were n't done on the body . There are few options in terms of countries suitable for me in my situation . They include Canada , the United States , New Zealand , Sweden and more recently , Australia . The struggle for many like me continues , but there is always hope . When it seems there is not a clear reason to continue fighting , my life still has a meaning -- being myself , being Eliana . CNN Espanol 's Diego Laje and CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	Eliana Rubashkyn needed to renew her Taiwan visa after changing her sex Forced to travel to nearest Colombian consulate in Hong Kong But she encountered problems trying to travel on her existing passport in Hong Kong Fearing deportation to Colombia , she had to apply for refugee status
Budget Travel  -- Just because you watch "  Jersey Shore " or -- worse -- were a member of the David Hasselhoff International Fan Club does n't mean you really know what it 's like to be a lifeguard . To find out , we went to the source : a veteran whistle-blower at a New Jersey beach . Enjoy your swimming ! The money is terrible Lifeguard season is about four months long , from mid-May to September . First-year guards make about $ 10 an hour -- not much -- and we pay a lot of money to live in a house down on the shore . But it 's the summertime -- you got ta enjoy it . We work hard We actually work a lot harder than most people think . I 've done more than 60 rescues now , in six years . Sometimes , a group of 30 or more people will all get swept out by a riptide at once . I can bring in five people at a time , if I have a buoy , and two people if I do n't . And I can get 10 to 15 guards to come help me within a minute or two . I 've only lost two people , and they were swimming after hours . It was the worst riptide I 'd ever seen . Awful . Budget Travel : 10 affordable beachfront resorts Hot or not ? We talk about everybody on the beach Of course we talk about everybody on the beach -- any flaw in any person . We buy our own walkie-talkie radios and communicate that way , about hot girls and everyone else who 's not so hot . We always get these big , old French-Canadian guys who wear tiny thongs . It 's a long day sitting in the chair . You have to entertain yourself . You do n't want to know where we go to the bathroom We pee in the water just like everybody else -- some of the guards even go No. 2 in there . It 's quicker than walking up to the bathrooms on the boardwalk . But we do n't always want to get wet , so most of us pee without even leaving our chair . There 's a technique to it . You know how most guards wear sweatpants ? That 's because it 's easier to hide a Gatorade bottle in sweats than in shorts . You just stick the bottle down there and pee in it . We party hard We lifeguards have this motto : ATF , or Alive 'Til Five . It 's our goal for the night . We get off of work at 5:30 p.m. . Then we usually drink at the house before heading to the bars at 1 a.m. . After they close , we go home around 3:30 a.m. and drink a few cases of beer until 5 a.m. I 'm an old man of 24 now , so I usually fall asleep by 3 a.m. -- and I always get heckled for it . Budget Travel : Confessions of ... a cruise ship musician Some lifeguards sleep on the job I party , but I 'm a total worrywart , and I take my job seriously ; no matter how hard I go out the night before , I 'm always at work when our day officially starts , at 9:30 a.m. I never fall asleep on the job , especially with all the caffeine and tobacco in my system . But I know guys who will sleep for five hours straight up in the chair . They have their tricks . Some will roll a towel up , wrap it around their neck , and then tuck the ends between their legs to keep themselves from falling out of the chair . Others will wear a big sweatshirt and then hide an apple or orange under their chin , so it looks like they 're looking straight ahead at the water . Sex on the beach -- it happens more than you might think I have to break up a lot of fights , mostly high school kids . No one 's allowed to drink on the beach , but everyone does -- even the lifeguards on their days off . And , of course , it 's illegal to have sex on the beach , but I always catch people doing it in the water . To be frank , I know a few lifeguards who have . But I always blow the whistle and put a stop to it , not just because it 's illegal . It 's a decency thing . Budget Travel : 8 perfect summer lake towns -- As told to Andrea Minarcek by a lifeguard on condition of anonymity Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	A New Jersey lifeguard tells what it 's really like to be protector of the beach Lifeguards pee in the water like everyone else Some lifeguards sleep on the job , New Jersey lifeguard says
CNN  -- Comcast , the nation 's largest cable provider , wants to acquire Time Warner Cable , the nation 's second-largest cable provider . Should we be concerned ? I certainly am ; that 's why I oppose this deal . And I 'm not alone . More than 100,000 people -- including many from my own state of Minnesota -- have written to me expressing frustration that they are already paying significantly higher prices for increasingly poor cable and broadband service . Many note that they are unable to get a better deal because , where they live , there is only one viable option  in Minnesota , it 's usually Comcast  . And they worry that this deal will only make things worse . Comcast takes merger case to Washington Comcast dismisses these concerns by pointing out that it does not directly compete with Time Warner Cable in any zip code -- as if that 's supposed to reassure us . But the fact that the two biggest cable companies have already effectively managed to carve the country up into local monopolies should n't make us feel any better about their plan to become one giant company . Indeed , it 's a clear sign that the cable market needs more competition , not less . As for satellite TV and wireless Internet providers -- which Comcast would have you believe are forcing it and Time Warner Cable to band together in an uphill battle for survival -- they simply do n't represent real competition . Comcast grilled in Senate over merger plans You can get your TV from a satellite provider , but it usually wo n't come with high-speed broadband Internet . And wireless Internet is not a viable substitute for broadband -- particularly if you want to watch TV online . Essentially , if you want both TV service and high-speed Internet , you are stuck with a big cable and broadband company like Comcast or Time Warner Cable -- "  or " being the appropriate preposition here , because , as Comcast brags , many Americans already have just one of these companies to choose from where they live . And if this deal goes through , Comcast will become the only option for millions more consumers . The danger in allowing Comcast to accrue even more power is not purely hypothetical . The company is already using its dominant position to dictate terms to content providers seeking to reach its 20 million customers . Take Netflix , for example . Comcast , which happens to have a rival video streaming service of its own , was able to exploit Netflix 's growing popularity by refusing to provide the network infrastructure needed to keep Netflix streaming smoothly . In the end , Netflix had to pay Comcast an undisclosed amount of money to get direct access to Comcast 's broadband network and alleviate the slowdown . As Netflix CEO Reed Hastings wrote , "  Some big ISPs are extracting a toll because they can -- they effectively control access to millions of consumers and are willing to sacrifice the interests of their own customers to press Netflix and others to pay . " "  Extracting a toll " is a polite way of putting it ; this is nothing short of extortion . And acquiring Time Warner Cable would give Comcast millions more customers to use as leverage . If Comcast is able to effectively charge popular providers extra for access to broadband customers , those costs will inevitably be passed on to consumers themselves . And if Comcast is able to determine what traffic can make it into consumers ' homes , content not owned by Comcast could become harder to find online . When the Senate Judiciary Committee recently met to review the proposed acquisition , Comcast -- which is represented by 107 lobbyists , including several who have passed through the ever-revolving door between the company and the agencies charged with regulating it -- promised to forgo such behavior . But the company 's own actions have already proven that such promises are not to be believed . For example , three years ago , when Comcast announced plans to acquire NBC Universal , I and others raised concerns about vertical integration : Comcast already owned the pipes through which cable programming flowed , and now it would own NBC Universal 's programming , including NBC , MSNBC , CNBC , Bravo , Telemundo , and others -- more than 20 networks in all . Fortune : Blocking Comcast-TWC will not fix America 's Internet monopoly As a nod to these concerns , the Federal Communications Commission required as a condition of the deal that Comcast "  neighborhood " -- or group -- cable channels into categories , so that programming not owned by Comcast would n't be relegated to the far reaches of the dial where viewers would be unlikely to find it . But once the acquisition went through , Comcast did n't comply with this condition . It refused to put rival Bloomberg News in the same "  neighborhood " as its own news channels , MSNBC and CNBC -- a textbook example of the kind of anti-competitive behavior we warned about , and in which Comcast promised not to engage . As another condition , Comcast was told by the FCC to create a stand-alone broadband product -- one that was n't bundled with a cable TV package -- so that people who wanted to ditch their cable plans in favor of online services like Hulu and Netflix would have an option . Indeed , Comcast did create such a product . One small problem : It failed to tell customers about it . And after receiving complaints , the FCC fined Comcast for failing to live up to this obligation . Now Comcast plans to expand its empire by gobbling up the second-largest company in the cable market  and third-largest in broadband  , a move that , as even Comcast 's executive vice president admits , could mean that rates will rise at an even faster pace . Not to mention worse service -- and a threat to the free flow of information in America . That 's why I will continue to make the case against this deal . And I hope that , Comcast 's outsized political influence notwithstanding , regulators at the FCC and the Department of Justice will listen . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sen. Franken says pending merger between Comcast and Time Warner Cable is bad for America The two biggest cable companies , he argues , have already carved country into local monopolies Franken : Takeover could negatively impact Internet access ; Comcast controls much of broadband market
CNN  -- A U.N. panel on Friday said with 95 % certainty that the effects of climate change are real and largely man-made . To which pretty much everyone in Shishmaref , Alaska , said ... Well , duh . If only they were n't so polite . The tiny Inupiat Eskimo community in near-Arctic Alaska -- which I was lucky enough to visit on a reporting trip in 2009 and which is home to some of the sweetest and most colorful people you 'll meet -- has been watching climate change happen to it for years now . Locals see the sea ice forming later each year , the coast eroding and the permafrost melting . The hunting seasons have shifted and lakes have dried up . The coast had become so unstable that one house toppled off the edge of the barrier island that harbors the village . When I was there , the town was considering relocating to more stable ground . Now those plans seem to have dried up , too . Stanley Tocktoo , the mayor of Shishmaref , told me by phone Thursday that residents have tabled their plans to move the town . Money is one reason . Another is that they were unable to find a suitable location upon which everyone could agree . Potential relocation spots also are hit by the changing climate , he said . "  The island is only a quarter-mile wide by three miles  long  , probably narrower now . I do n't know how long we 'll be able to be on this island , " he said . "  These floods get pretty fierce now , worse than before . " It should seem laughable in 2013 that anyone would try to deny the reality of climate change , which is causing tougher droughts , stronger storms , rising seas and melting ice . The effects are scattered , to be sure . It 's difficult to attribute any single storm to macro-changes in the atmosphere , for example . But it 's clear things are changing . It 's clear that 's for the worse . And it 's clear -- has been clear -- that we 're to blame for that . I 'm thankful the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change continues to update all of us on the latest science and evidence . But it 's already obvious to everyone paying attention that we need to act in new and profoundly urgent ways to blunt the future impact of climate change , and to mitigate the changes that are already taking shape all over the world . The Marshall Islands and other Pacific nations that could be swallowed up by rising seas have banded together to try to make their economies 50 % or 100 % renewable . The urgency is clear to them . They fear for survival . But in the United States , we 're still running around with our eyes shut . Sure , President Barack Obama has tried , between arguing for strikes on Syria and trying to resurrect the middle class , to make climate change a front-burner issue . But Congress has n't followed suit . America remains a serious laggard on climate action . Perhaps we should open our eyes , and turn them to Alaska . There , the evidence is like a slap in the face . A wake-up call . "  The town is coming apart , getting smaller and smaller . " That 's Shelton Kokeok , a 68-year-old who lives , with his wife , Clara , at the very edge of the Shishmaref coast , which has been thawing and falling into the sea . A multimillion-dollar U.S. Army Corps of Engineers project has bought Kokeok some peace of mind . The engineers piled rocks high on the shore , as if imploring the land to stay . But even the engineers know that the measures are temporary . The Army Corps of Engineers in Alaska had $ 45 million to deal with coastal erosion issues that are related to climate change , according to Bruce Sexauer , chief of planning for the Alaska District . That money ran out though . The rock wall in Shishmaref was planned to be nearly twice as long as it is , but money is now only available if the village can put up 35 % of the cash needed to build it . I 'm pretty sure a place where people hunt seals for food and harvest ice for water does n't have millions to spare . It 's a beautiful , generous village . But not a rich one . The wall , as it stands , likely will buy Shishmaref several years . But much already has been lost . When I visited him four years ago , Kokeok told me he blames the death of his youngest son , Norman , on the changes to the climate . Norman fell through a thin sheet of ice on the first week of June several years ago . That area should have been frozen solid , Kokeok said . He told me , back in 2009 , that he has n't been the same since . I was pleased to hear on Thursday that , after two knee replacements , Kokeok was able to go caribou hunting with his grandchildren and daughter this summer . That 's something he had n't done in years . The land here , and the community , means so much to him . Another community , Newtok , which was the subject of a fascinating series by The Guardian , is actually in the process of relocating now , according to Sexauer . Dave Williams , a colleague of Sexauer 's , told me that the permafrost is thawing out from beneath the town , making it nearly unlivable . "  Some of the boardwalks are underwater during the summertime , " he said . "  You ca n't step off the boardwalk and walk anywhere without getting wet up to your crotch and covered in muck . You can see that when it floods now , houses that were above the flood level now get water in them or are surrounded by water and  you  ca n't go anywhere . ... It happens slowly , over years and years . " Slowly , over years and years . But still , impossible not to notice . I could think of a few senators I 'd like to send up to that village to wade in the muck . Maybe it would alleviate their nagging sense of industry-funded doubt . Or , at the very least , they 'd have to make excuses in a ruined pair of pants . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	U.N. panel releases the first part of its new climate assessment this week John Sutter : The impact of climate change is obvious , everywhere Sutter says lawmakers should look to Alaska for evidence of the effects Villages there are thinking of relocating because of changes in the climate
CNN  -- There are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase . It 's a home 's conduit and connector . It ushers life along , makes a grand impression on visitors and serves as the backdrop for family memories . "  It 's where my daughter took pictures for her first daddy-daughter dance , " said Anisa Darnell , part of the Milk and Honey Home decorator team from Roswell , Georgia . Her home 's staircase is also special to her because her grandfather posed with her daughter for a snapshot there before he passed away . The back staircase in Emily A. Clark 's home is significant because it 's mostly used by her kids . "  I 've also caught them playing school on the little landing in the middle of the stairs . " Jacki Poovey and her husband designed their staircase to be a grand , welcoming part of their Cary , North Carolina home , but it 's also at the heart of countless family memories . It still bears reminders of the time their puppy chewed every bit of molding from the edges of the newel post to the cap molding on the treads . "  It 's a lived-in home , " says Poovey . Massive undertakings , like DIY home renovations , can imbue a home 's staircase with lasting impressions of the experience . "  If you paint three stories of spindles , you never forget it , " Victoria Barnes said of the painstaking restoration she and her husband undertook in their 1890 Victorian home near Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Barnes blogs about the "  really , really , really slow " process of their work , which she calls wonderful and overwhelming . Christine Price , from Manchester , England , can relate , having spent 250 hours stripping , sanding and painting the staircase in her Edwardian home . "  The staircase is the first thing you see when you enter our home , " she said . "  Now that it 's restored it makes such a huge difference to the whole feel of the house . " For Jenna Burger , an interior designer and blogger , a staircase makeover led to an overhaul of every molding in her house . The staircase decor represents a significant change for her home 's aesthetic , she said . "  I was unhappy with the worn , dated carpeted stairs before and desired a more updated , modern look , " she said . So up went the carpet and down went paint and stain . Paint was also the key ingredient in Jae Vinson 's economical transformation of her back staircase . With natural wood as the "  runner " and crisp white paint on the sides of the treads , the previously dingy atmosphere was radically lightened . "  This is a garage entry staircase , " Vinson said . "  It 's something I use every single day going to and from my car . The space feels more welcoming now . " The feel of the staircase can be an important part of decorating a home , Darnell said . Obsessed with collages , she chose to decorate her staircase because it opened up to her family room and dining room , and its huge , blank wall stood out . "  I wanted it to be interesting and visually pretty , " she said . Now photos , frames , decorative keys and even a lantern adorn the staircase , which she designed to be a tribute to her family . "  We have loved ones up there , wedding photos , engagement photos , our siblings , parents , grandparents , our daughters , " she said . "  The staircase has personality . " Photo walls along staircases have come a long way since the "  wall of shame , " full of unfortunate school photos and stilted professional portraits . Jill Hinson currently lives in Portland , Oregon , but her family moves often because of her husband 's job . The black and white portraits she has taken of her two daughters since their births are a decorating element that makes each house they live in a home . "  The gallery wall tells the story of our family , " Hinson said . "  Where we have been , the growth of our girls and what is personal and important to us . " The Hinsons moved into the Portland house two years ago , "  and as soon as I saw this gigantic wall going up the stairs , I new that it was the perfect place for a gallery wall . " Clark 's staircase is lined with large and small works of art by her children , as well as canvases of their hand and footprints . "  Even my own kindergarten evaluation is framed and hung in the mix , " she said . "  There 's still lots of wall space , so this area will continue to be a work in progress . I 'd love to fill it full of their colorful masterpieces , " Clark said . The decor of the stairwell began with a decal of her favorite quote from the movie , "  The Help , " which says "  You is kind . You is smart . You is important . " "  I love that quote , " Clark said , "  and thought it was a sweet reminder for our kids as they bound up those steps , several times every day . It also reminds me of what they need to hear from me on a regular basis . " Are you obsessed with decorating your house ? Show us your skills at CNN 's Open House and your photo could be featured in next week 's story . Our next focus : Inviting beds .	Staircases are important elements in home decor as well as family memories "  If you paint three stories of spindles , you never forget it , " said Victoria Barnes Collages are a modern interpretation of the "  wall of shame "
CNN  -- Border patrol agents in Texas arrested singer Fiona Apple after finding marijuana and hashish on her tour bus , authorities said Thursday . Agents stopped the bus at a checkpoint in Sierra Blanca , Texas , Wednesday night and arrested the singer after a drug-sniffing dog detected controlled substances onboard , the Hudspeth County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . Investigators found 0.010 pounds of marijuana and 0.010 pounds of hashish , the statement said . "  Fiona Apple Maggart , freely admitted that the controlled substances belonged to her and she was placed under arrest by U.S. Border Patrol agents and detained , " the statement said . Apple was transported to the Hudspeth County Jail , where she was released on Thursday after posting a $ 10,000 bond , the statement said . A representative for Apple declined to comment Thursday . The sultry-voiced singer first shot to fame in 1997 with her hit single , "  Criminal , " which earned her a Grammy Award for best female vocal rock performance . She is currently on tour promoting her new album and was scheduled to perform in Austin on Thursday night . More celeb arrests : Lindsay Lohan in trouble again CNN 's David Alsup and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Border patrol agents arrest singer Fiona Apple She is released from jail after posting $ 10,000 bond A representative for the singer declines to comment
A French footballer 's girlfriend could face a fine for her furious Twitter tirade filled with the f-word . Shortly after France 's World Cup lineup was announced Tuesday , Anara Atanes -- the girlfriend of player Samir Nasri -- took to social media to express her displeasure that he was n't on the roster . "  F *** France and F *** Deschamps ! What a s *** manager , " the 26-year-old British model posted on her Twitter account . "  They are idiots ! We all know what you meant ! F *** the national team and that stupid coach ! Nasri is a great player , " she tweeted . Atanes later apologized for her comments , saying they were not "  aimed at the nation as a whole . " But coach Didier Deschamps filed a civil lawsuit against her Friday , charging that she publicly insulted him . Deschamps ' lawyer , Carlo Alberto Brusa , told CNN that the lawsuit was filed due to the "  seriousness of her comments . " The French Football Federation said it supports Deschamps ' decision to file the suit . "  The unanimous reaction confirms that all of France condemns these insults , " the FFF said on its website . Deschamps defended his decision to leave the 26-year-old midfielder off the squad , telling reporters this week that Nasri "  is a quality player , but his performance on the French national team is not at the same level as that at  his English club  Manchester City . " Nasri was handed a three-match ban after swearing at a reporter following France 's loss to Spain in the 2012 European Championship . He was more circumspect this time , tweeting about his omission : "  That 's life . Another World Cup at home . What does n't kill you makes you stronger . "	Model Anara Atanes tweeted "  F *** France " She was angry her boyfriend did n't make the French national team Samir Nasri said of his omission from World Cup roster : "  That 's life "
CNN  -- Lawmakers on Monday approved legislation calling for government-funded contraception and sex education classes in the Philippines , a first in the heavily Catholic nation . "  Our legislature took an historic vote today for women and families as it successfully passed the Reproductive Health Bill . We thank our senators and congressmen who voted for access to information and care , " said presidential spokesman Edwin Lacierda . A reconciliation committee must now work out differences in the versions of the legislation passed by each house before it is sent to President Benigno Aquino , who is expected to sign it . Legislative leaders hope to finish their work and send the bill to Aquino by Wednesday before going on Christmas break , the official Philippines News Agency reported . Despite widespread popular support , the Catholic Church has opposed the measure , saying it will destroy marriage and morality in the Philippines . More than 80 % of the Philippines ' 96 million residents are Catholic . Gabriel Reyes , bishop of the diocese of Antiopolo and chairman of the Episcopal Commission on Family and Life , said the passage of the bill marked "  a sad day for the country . " But Lacierda said the legislation will help the country 's citizens to raise families in a "  just and empowered " way . "  The passage of the Responsible Parenthood Bill signals not only a new chapter in our agenda of inclusive growth ; it also begins a process of healing for the wounds that may have been opened by an often feisty democracy , " he noted . Sen. Edgardo Angara , who voted for the measure , called the bill "  an affirmation of human rights , " according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . "  We have to consider that not all Filipinos are Catholics . We have Muslims , Protestants , Buddhists , nonbelievers , " he said , according to ABS-CBN .	"  Historic vote today for women and families , " a presidential spokesman says The bill provides sex education classes and government-funded contraception The Catholic Church opposes the bill , which has widespread public support It is "  a sad day for the country , " a Catholic bishop says
CNN  -- It is a tragic irony that two countries in Africa -- Nigeria and Uganda -- that for many years experienced the subjugation of colonial rule have recently enshrined into law discriminatory practices that dehumanize their own citizens . In Uganda , a draconian bill recently signed by President Yoweri Museveni makes it a crime to be gay . Any person convicted of "  the offense of homosexuality " faces life imprisonment . Anyone found guilty of "  funding or sponsoring homosexuality or other related activities " will be sentenced to a seven-year jail term . Apart from being a flagrant abuse of human rights , the new law will severely impede the efforts of any organization conducting HIV prevention and outreach programs serving gay men in Uganda . Gay men , other men who have sex with men , and transgender individuals are disproportionately affected by HIV/AIDS -- in Uganda and the world over . Driving a community that is already stigmatized further into the shadows will seriously undermine progress on the global epidemic , progress that depends on reaching the most vulnerable populations . Opprobrium from the U.S. and other nations is greeted by Uganda 's leaders with a familiar refrain : Stop trying to impose your values on us . But the United States is as entitled as any nation to espouse a set of values , and if those values enshrine the right of all people to be treated with dignity and respect , then we should make every effort to export them . The struggle against HIV/AIDS , now in its fourth decade , has always also been a human rights issue . In the early days of AIDS in the United States , when confusion , ignorance and hysteria reigned , there were those who called for people with HIV to be quarantined or tattooed . Until recently , HIV-positive people were barred from entering the United States . Fighting for its life in the early 1980s , the gay community rose up and the struggle for gay rights became the civil rights struggle of the tail end of the 20th century . It is far from over , but with the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " which sanctioned anti-gay discrimination in the military , and victories on same-sex marriage in 17 U.S. states and the District of Columbia , we have made substantial progress . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has called gay rights one of "  the defining civil rights challenges of our time . " Responding to the passage of the anti-homosexuality law in Uganda , President Barack Obama said it would "  complicate " the United States ' relationship with Uganda . Instead , the passage of this blatantly discriminatory piece of legislation should fundamentally alter our relationship with Uganda , a country that receives close to $ 500 million annually from the U.S. in foreign assistance , largely for HIV/AIDS programs . To make its position abundantly clear , the U.S. should redirect its assistance for HIV/AIDS and other health and development concerns toward nongovernmental and civil society organizations working in Uganda . Indeed , if protecting the human rights of gay people is in fact a priority of U.S. foreign policy , then we should re-examine our relationship with all countries receiving foreign aid and restructure our relations with those that criminalize homosexuality . As Archbishop Desmond Tutu rightly declared in condemning the Ugandan anti-homosexuality law : "  There is no scientific justification for prejudice and discrimination , ever . And nor is there any moral justification . " What does exist , however , is the very real possibility that this cancerous bigotry will spread to other countries wishing to scapegoat an easily targeted minority . If they have an ounce of humanity , the governments of Uganda and Nigeria will repeal these odious laws without delay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harry Belafonte and Mathilde Krim .	Harry Belafonte , Mathilde Krim : Uganda passed law that makes it a crime to be gay They say this drives HIV/AIDS vulnerable population into shadows ; undermines AIDS fight They say U.S. has made big progress in human rights crisis of discrimination against gays Writers : U.S. , show world this is priority ; redirect funds away from government to aid groups
CNN  -- A Dutch documentary about a mentally ill and potentially dangerous 18-year-old has prompted lawmakers in the Netherlands -- amid national outrage -- to re-examine the treatment of those in psychiatric care . The documentary , which was produced by the Lutheran-run Evangelical Broadcasting Company and aired on public television Tuesday , followed Brandon van Ingen , a patient at a mental hospital in Ermelo . Since 2007 , van Ingen has spent part of his days tethered to a wall due to the danger he poses to others , according to State Secretary for Public Health Marlies Veldhuijzen van Zanten-Hyllner . "  Brandon 's issue is so serious that he must be restricted in his freedom for the sake of his own safety and that of others , " van Zanten-Hyllner wrote in a letter to parliament . "  Because of this , Brandon consistently makes use of a band that he fastens himself when he is in the presence of his attendants and other visitors . Whenever there is no one present and at night , the band is loosened . " In response to the documentary , the country 's political parties held emergency meetings Wednesday to discuss care for the mentally ill . Van Zanten-Hyllner addressed those meetings , explaining that van Ingen 's care was in line with rules for restraining mental health patients , but promised to examine whether a change is needed . "  The broadcast stirred me deeply , " she wrote in the letter to parliament . "  It is upsetting to see that such a young person , who has his life before him , has so little perspective for a better future . " Van Zanten-Hyllner noted that van Ingen , who apparently hears voices that tell him to do "  bad and dangerous things , " has his own apartment where he can move about freely . The hospital is working on alternatives for van Ingen 's care , van Zanten-Hyllner wrote , "  and is undertaking constant efforts to improve the living situation . " The program "  Outspoken " learned about Van Ingen 's story from one of his caretakers at the hospital . "  I could no longer do these shifts , " Iris Mourits said on the program . "  Back-up shifts were OK , but being together with him in a room -- I think at some point he could sense that from the depths of my toes I could no longer see him on that leash . " Van Ingen 's mother compared his care to that of a "  caged animal . " "  He feels like a dog on a line , " she said . Heerenloo hospital issued a statement Saturday assuring family members of those at the facility that van Ingen 's case is an exceptional one and does n't reflect the care the majority of patients receive . Health care inspectors said Friday that they would "  investigate the cases in which freedom is taken away from patients similar to Brandon 's situation . " Van Zanten-Hyllner said there are about 40 cases similar to van Ingen 's in the Netherlands . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Bharati Naik and Journalist Eline Rietkerk contributed to this report .	A documentary profiled the 18-year-old male 's treatment at a mental hospital Dutch lawmakers are re-examining the treatment of those in psychiatric care Health official says his treatment is in line with rules for restraining patients The hospital calls the man 's treatment an exceptional case
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe that "  The Cosby Show " premiered 30 years ago this month . For eight seasons , beginning in 1984 and ending in 1992 , the Huxtables made us laugh and love them all the more for the wonderful family life they portrayed . Here are 10 of the show 's moments that we just ca n't forget : 1 . ` Night Time Is the Right Time ' No "  Cosby Show " list is complete without this family performance , which featured the Huxtables lip-syncing the Ray Charles hit . Keshia Knight Pulliam stole our hearts as little Rudy Huxtable in this scene . 2 . The wanna-be Gordon Gartrelle shirt Gordon Gartrelle was actually a producer on "  The Cosby Show , " but for one episode his name was used as the designer whose fashion Huxtable son Theo wanted to replicate . His sister Denise tried -- with unfortunate results . 3 . ` Hey Mon ' Poor Dr. Huxtable . He just wanted to get some rest after a long shift at the hospital when he met Denise 's reggae-loving date . It was hilarious . 4 . The Wonder of it all Four words for you : "  Jamming on the one . " The family got a lesson in sampling from superstar Stevie Wonder as mom Clair sang . 5 . Regular people Theo tries to justify his bad grades with the kind of logic only a teen can muster . Dad Cliff very quickly destroys his argument and uses his classic line : "  I am your father . I brought you in this world and I 'll take you out ! " 6 . Big fun with The Wretched We almost felt bad for Vanessa after she snuck off with some friends to a concert in Baltimore and then had to deal with the wrath of her mother . 7 . Clair 's rant This time , it was Elvin , Sondra 's boyfriend and eventual husband , who suffered a tongue-lashing from his future mother-in-law as she set him straight on the mechanics of the sexes . 8 . Theo 's earring When Theo tried to prove his independence by getting an earring , he was left with an infected earlobe and punishment from his dad . 9 . Get your dance on A pair of Cliff 's friends show the younger generation how to really get down . 10 . The gift of Olivia Rudy was n't the only super cute tyke on "  The Cosby Show . " Raven-Symone joined in later seasons as Denise 's stepdaughter Olivia . Watching her try to convince Cliff to tell her where her birthday present was hidden was adorable . What was your favorite moment from the show ? Let us know in the comments below . 30 years later , the Cosby sweater still rules Bill Cosby : The influence continues	"  The Cosby Show " premiered 30 years ago There are several memorable moments from the eight-season series One favorite scene includes a guest appearance by Stevie Wonder
