Washington  CNN  -- Supporters of California 's voter-approved ballot measure banning same-sex marriage in the state asked the U.S. Supreme Court Tuesday to allow it go back into effect . At issue is whether the Constitution 's 14th Amendment guarantee of "  equal protection " prevents states from defining marriage as only between one man and one woman . The justices will decide in coming weeks whether to put this hot-button social issue on its docket . If it agrees to take the appeal , oral arguments would likely be held early next year . In February , a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled the measure unconstitutional . In its split decision , the panel found that Proposition 8 "  works a meaningful harm to gays and lesbians " by denying their right to civil marriage . Chick-fil-A wades into a fast-food fight over same-sex marriage rights The same sex marriage issue is working on two legal tracks . The high court is currently considering separate appeals over the congressionally authorized Defense of Marriage Act , which also defines marriage for federal purposes as only between one man and one woman . The justices have the ultimate discretion to refuse taking on the issue . The "  Prop 8 " case , as it has become known , has been down a complicated legal road . California 's Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriages were legal in 2008 . After the statewide ballot measure banning them passed with 52 % of the vote later that year , gay and lesbian marriages were put on hold . Currently , same-sex marriage is legal in six states : Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York , along with the District of Columbia . Washington and Maryland voted earlier this year to allow same-sex marriages , but the laws have not yet taken effect . Another five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- allow civil unions , providing state-level spousal rights to same-sex couples . President Barack Obama , who previously opposed same-sex marriage , said in June he now supports it . "  When I think about those soldiers or airmen or Marines or sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf and yet feel constrained , even now that ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' is gone , because they are not able to commit themselves in a marriage , at a certain point I 've just concluded that for me personally , it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married , " the president told ABC News . The state law 's supporters , led by a coalition of groups under the ProtectMarriage.com banner -- urged the justices in their 500-plus petition to preserve the will of the voters in this politically charged social issue . "  Californians of all races , creeds , and walks of life have opted to preserve the traditional definition of marriage not because they seek to dishonor gays and lesbians as a class , but because they believe that the traditional definition of marriage continues to meaningfully serve society 's legitimate interests , and they can not yet know how those interests will be affected by fundamentally redefining marriage . " California is the only state that accepted , then revoked , same-sex marriage as a legal right . Opponents of Prop 8 urged the high court to expand the "  traditional " views of marriage . Episcopal Church approves same-sex blessing service "  The president of the United States , a majority of the American public , two federal courts and most of America 's NATO allies view marriage equality as a fact , " said Rick Jacobs , founder of the Courage Campaign . "  We can only hope that the Supreme Court will once again act for all Americans on the right side of history , not for a few hysterical ones scared of love . " In the separate issue over congressional authority , a federal appeals court in Massachusetts this spring struck down a key part of the 1996 Defense of Marriage law as unconstitutional . The issue before the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was whether the federal government could deny tax , health and pension benefits to same-sex couples in states where they can legally marry . The Massachusetts case was appealed recently to the U.S. Supreme Court . The California appeal is Hollingsworth v. Perry . Tech is getting more gay-friendly	The Supreme Court will decide in coming weeks whether to put the case on its docket A lower court ruled that Proposition 8 denies gays and lesbians a legal right A coalition of groups under the ProtectMarriage.com banner urges the court to back the ban The Courage Campaign wants the opposite outcome
The decision to grant permanent observer status to China and five other nations by the Arctic Council meeting in Sweden Wednesday reflects the heightened interest by some of the world 's most powerful economies in an area rich in oil , gas , minerals , fish and new transport possibilities . For new observer nations China , Japan and South Korea , shorter shipping routes to Europe through Arctic waters could open up prospects of new energy supply options later this decade , such as liquefied natural gas  LNG  from Russia 's Yamal Peninsula in northwest Siberia . It could also lessen China 's dependence on oil and gas shipped from the Middle East , which must pass through the Southeast Asian chokepoint of the Strait of Malacca . Allied to China 's interest of getting oil and gas delivered from new pipelines across Myanmar and Central Asia , the potential of the Arctic trade routes loom large in China 's strategic thinking . Five years ago , the U.S. Geological Survey  USGS  described the vast Arctic continental shelf as potentially the "  largest unexplored prospective area for petroleum remaining on Earth . " A new U.S. Arctic policy unveiled by the Obama administration last week cites that 2008 study , which estimated that about 13 % of the world 's undiscovered oil and 30 % of its undiscovered gas lies north of the Arctic Circle . In a 2012 update , the USGS put the mean undiscovered estimate of recoverable oil in Russia 's Arctic provinces alone at 28 billion barrels , plus about 27 trillion cubic meters of gas . China is keen to be more than just a customer for this Russian oil and gas . In February , the heads of China 's three state-controlled oil and gas majors -- China National Petroleum Corp  CNPC  , Sinopec and China National Offshore Oil Corp  CNOOC  -- met one of Russia 's most influential players in the energy sector , Igor Sechin , chief executive of state-owned oil company Rosneft . The following month , Rosneft struck a deal with CNPC , giving it access to Arctic resources . The Arctic Council , made up of the United States , Russia , Canada and the five Nordic nations -- Norway , Sweden , Finland , Denmark and Iceland -- was set up in 1996 to coordinate policy in a resource-rich but environmentally sensitive part of the world . Before Wednesday 's decision there were already six observer states : the UK , France , Germany , Poland , Spain and the Netherlands . Now the permanent observers are being joined by China , Japan , India , South Korea , Singapore and Italy , meaning that all of the key Asian economies now have a seat at the Arctic table , even though they will not have a vote on the Arctic Council . The European Union , the other major body seeking observer status , had its application affirmed but "  deferred , " a rebuff that is likely related to an unresolved dispute with Canada over the fur seal trade . Both China and India already have polar research stations in the northern part of Norway , as do most of the other observer nations . The Arctic 's importance has gained extra strategic and economic significance as melting ice in the polar region strengthens the feasibility of nations to use the Northern Sea Route  NSR  across the top of Russia and the Northwest Passage through Canada 's Arctic archipelago . Canada claims the passage , which links the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans , runs through its internal waterways . The U.S. and other countries contest this , maintaining it is an international strait . For China , the main transportation focus is the NSR , which runs along the northern coastline of Siberia from Novaya Zemlya to the Bering Strait . It is open only for about five months of the year , from late June to November or early December , and requires icebreakers to cut a path through the Arctic ice for specially strengthened oil and gas carriers . But the route cuts as much as three weeks from shipping times between Europe and Asia . For example , Murmansk to China 's Ningbo port near Shanghai is 13,000 km via the NSR , compared with 22,000 km via the Mediterranean Sea , Suez Canal , Indian Ocean and Strait of Malacca . In August to September last year , China sent its one and only icebreaker Xue Long  Snow Dragon  on a successful two-way test run of the NSR . It plans to add a second icebreaker to its fleet in 2014-15 . Over the past two sailing seasons , Russian oil and gas companies have tested the route for gas condensate and LNG shipments . In June 2011 , Novatek , Russia 's biggest non-state gas company , sent 60,000 tons of gas condensate from Murmansk to the Chinese port of Ningbo aboard the MV Perseverance on a three-week voyage . At the end of 2012 , Russian state-owned gas giant Gazprom sent a 66,000-tonne cargo of LNG from Statoil 's Hammerfest terminal in Norway to the Japanese port of Tobata between November 7 and December 5 . The route was cleared by three Russian icebreakers . For now , the NSR is still very much in a test phase . According to the Centre for High North Logistics , an Arctic-focused information center based in Kirkenes , Norway , 46 vessels used the NSR in 2012 , carrying about 1.26 million tons of cargo . That was an increase of more than 50 % from 2011 . China envisages exporting consumer goods aboard container ships to Europe and receiving LNG cargoes via the NSR . Novatek , for example , is building a new port at Sabetta on the Yamal peninsula to service the LNG trade to Asia , with expectations of first gas in 2016 and exports of 15 million tons a year by 2018 . The NSR 's shortcomings are considerable : a short sailing season , the cost of hiring icebreakers , the operational hazards of extreme northern waters and the environmental risks of oil spills , collisions or sinkings . Even so , this Arctic shipping route is likely to be the focus of intense interest by China over the next decade .	Six nations have been granted permanent observer status by the Arctic Council China , Japan , India , South Korea , Singapore and Italy became permanent observers The EU 's bid has been "  deferred " , possibly due to an unresolved dispute with Canada Melting ice in the Arctic region has opened up the North Sea Route , cutting shipping times
CNN  -- It took five days for Colorado authorities to realize a parolee disabled his ankle monitor and fled , beginning what investigators would later say was a deadly crime spree that ended in a shootout in Texas , according to records released Tuesday . The documents released by the Colorado Department of Corrections detail how 28-year-old Evan Ebel managed to elude authorities in the days leading up to the killings of prisons chief Tom Clements and part-time pizza deliveryman Nathan Leon . The state Department of Corrections did not respond to repeated requests from CNN for comment . The release of the documents follows news this week that a clerical error resulted in Ebel 's release four years early from prison . That revelation prompted an apology from the district court where the mistake was made . Ebel was sentenced to eight years in prison in 2005 for armed robbery . In 2008 , he was sentenced to another four years -- to be served consecutively -- for punching a prison guard . A clerical error listed Ebel 's four-year sentence as concurrent , meaning he would not have to serve additional time beyond his original sentence . For Leon 's wife , it was too little , too late . "  Clerical error ai n't going to bring my husband back , " Katherine Leon told CNN affiliate KUSA . " -LSB- It -RSB- ai n't going to bring Tom Clements back . It 's not going to bring my children 's father back . How do I tell my 4-year-old  that  daddy was murdered because of a clerical error ? " Authorities have speculated Ebel might have killed Leon for his uniform so he could use it as a disguise in the killing of Clements , who was gunned down after he opened his front door . Investigators have said they are looking into whether Ebel , a member of a white supremacist prison gang , might have conspired with other inmates to kill Clements . The corrections chief earned widespread recognition not only for prison reforms but also for a crackdown on prison gangs , including the white supremacist 211 Crew , who once counted Ebel among their ranks . Ebel was released from prison on January 28 , according to the records . Between his release and March 13 , Ebel appeared to comply with his parole , which required he wear an ankle monitor , check in daily with parole officials by phone , abide by an 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew and stay out of bars , the records show . Ebel told prison guard she would ` beg for her life ' The first indication something was wrong came March 14 , when the ankle monitor gave off a "  tamper alert . " Here is a timeline of how Ebel managed to elude authorities , according to the corrections department documents and previous statements by authorities : March 14 Ebel made his daily telephone call to check in with parole officials at 7:20 a.m. . The "  tamper alert " went off at 1:54 p.m. , and the company that oversees the monitoring system -- known as HomeGuard 206 -- notes the alert at 3:21 p.m. Initially , the ankle monitor was listed "  for repair " and a message was left for Ebel to make arrangements to fix the ankle monitor . By 11:15 p.m. , Ebel had not checked in for messages . March 15 Ebel failed to check in with parole officials , and a message was left for him to report to an appointment scheduled for the next day to repair his ankle monitor . Ebel again failed to pick up messages . His whereabouts , at this point , were unknown . March 16 The "  tamper alert " for Ebel 's ankle monitor was still active , and he failed to show up for an appointment to repair the monitor . March 17 Contractors who oversaw the ankle monitoring of inmates notified parole officials that Ebel failed to "  make contact " to have his ankle monitor repaired . Authorities believe this was the same day that Ebel killed Leon , the pizza deliveryman , whose body was found in the suburban Denver community of Golden . March 18 Parole officials contacted Ebel 's family to inquire about his whereabouts . March 19 Parole officials searched Ebel 's residence and determined he left quickly or went into hiding to avoid arrest . They begin paperwork to revoke his parole . That night , Clements was shot to death at his home outside Colorado Springs . March 20 The state Department of Corrections issued a warrant for Ebel 's arrest , citing parole violations . March 21 Ebel was killed in northern Texas in a gun battle with authorities that left a sheriff 's deputy wounded . CNN 's Carma Hassan , Dana Ford and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	NEW : It took five days for parole officials to realize Evan Ebel fled , records show Apology not enough for Ebel release , victim 's relatives tell CNN affiliate KUSA Ebel is suspected of killing Colorado prisons chief Tom Clements He was let go four years early ; court did n't fully explain sentence to prison
Washington  CNN  -- Hers is a struggle shared by all freshly arrived refugees in the United States . Learning English . Getting a job . Adapting to American culture . But starting life anew has been that much tougher for Eman al-Obeidi , the woman who came to embody the cruelty of Moammar Gadhafi 's regime in the midst of Libya 's brutal civil war . She lives every day with the scars of the rape she alleges was committed by Gadhafi 's thugs . Sometimes , she said in an exclusive interview with CNN , she gets so depressed that she does n't leave her apartment for days . Other times , she ca n't even get out of bed for three or four days . "  I cry all the time just like little children , " she says wiping dry her moist eyes . "  And I always smile , too . " Al-Obeidi found relief on these shores when she arrived here last summer . She finally felt safe , unlike in Libya , where she felt constantly in danger and her family was threatened . But she has found it hard to make ends meet . She said she has been going to the employment office for four months but job opportunities have been slim . "  When I came , I never imagined life would be this hard , " she said . "  As we say in Libya , you have to kill yourself working . I wish there was work . There are no work opportunities . " Her family in Libya sends her $ 300 a month . Without that , she said , she would not have made it so far . Out of desperation , last week , al-Obeidi bought a one-way ticket from Colorado to Washington with money from an Iraqi family . She had all but $ 100 in her bag ; she used $ 65 of it and took a taxi to the Libyan Embassy in Washington . She came with a distrust of politicians and diplomats but with hope in her heart that her compatriots would not turn her away . But Libyan Ambassador Ali Aujali , she said , spoke to her like a father . He offered her an educational stipend . And health insurance . "  It means everything to me , " she said , opening up an envelope containing check for $ 1,800 . "  It 's not about whether it 's a lot or little . It 's about the time that I got it , " she said . It was like winning the lottery . Otherwise , she might have wound up on the street in a few days . Aujali said he thought al-Obeidi needs help . "  I told her one thing , " he said . "  You have to close the doors to the past and look to the future . She can not live in misery the rest of her life . " Al-Obeidi first caught the world 's attention in March when she burst into Tripoli 's Rixos Hotel , where foreign journalists were staying , and publicly accused members of Gadhafi 's forces of gang-raping her . She was hysterical . She screamed that she had been taken from a checkpoint and held against her will for two days while being beaten and raped by 15 of Gadhafi 's militiamen . Security officials said al-Obeidi was "  mentally ill " and was being taken to a "  hospital . " They dragged her unceremoniously to a waiting white car and whisked her away . She was n't heard from for more than a week , but eventually in media interviews , she spoke of her ordeal . She fled to Tunisia in May with the help of a defected military officer and the Libyan rebels , then in the thick of civil war . She found temporary sanctuary in Qatar before being granted asylum in the United States . Al-Obeidi arrived in New York at the end of July and with the help of a refugee agency , she was resettled in Colorado . She has no family in the United States , and she would perhaps like to return to her homeland one day . "  Of course , there is no one who does n't wish to go back to his country , " she said . "  But I am not mentally ready for that . I also feel personally I am not ready to integrate back into society , I am not ready . I feel life is hard for me because it is different -- in culture ... language -- everything is different here . " Al-Obeidi can not know the twists and turns her life will take from here . She wants to finish schooling . Marry . Five years from now , she pictures herself as a mother . One thing she knows though . If and when she returns home , it will be to a Libya without Gadhafi . She just wishes Gadhafi had met proper justice . She felt his killers did him a favor by ending his life . In the eyes of some , he became a martyr . "  They should n't have given him this honor , " she said . He should have been tried for his crimes , she said -- for what he did to the people of Libya , for what he did to her . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux reported from Washington and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Khalil Abdallah contributed to this report .	Eman al-Obeidi arrived in the United States in July It has been hard to get a job , learn a new language , adapt to a new culture She bought a one-way ticket to seek help at the Libyan Embassy in Washington Al-Obeidi says Moammar Gadhafi 's militiamen gang-raped her
CNN  -- If you do n't have the time , inclination and , more importantly , the money to go to university in Manila , you can still get a degree . It will cost you between $ US10 and $ US60 , it will take about two hours to complete and it will be fake . Welcome to "  Recto University , " the name Manila mockingly gives to the strip of document counterfeiters that openly ply their trade between Claro M. Recto and Rizal Avenues in the Philippines capital . Located a stone 's throw from Manila 's university district and , somewhat ironically , Manila City Jail , the counterfeiters of Recto can run off a university testamur , any type of diploma , a job reference and , more worryingly , a pilot 's license and a seaman 's certificate in a matter of hours . "  Today business is not so good , " says a hawker sitting beside a makeshift sign displaying fake diplomas , driver 's licenses and job references that can be bought for as little as 500 pesos  US$ 11.50  . "  If we do five documents a day , we 're doing well , " he says smiling broadly . "  Sunday is our best day , because people start class or work the next day . Term time at the universities is much better for us than the semester break . "  Our business is tied to the academic year , " he says . While degrees , licenses and identification from the Philippines are the counterfeiters ' strong suit -- and locals say they can even source testamur paper from the year you graduated for added authenticity -- they will attempt any type of foreign document . Could they do a Green Card , for example , or anything with a hologram ? The man turns to a fellow hawker next to his sign and , after a brief exchange in Tagalog , both nod emphatically . "  We can do anything if we 've got the original , " he says . "  It depends how much you 're willing to pay . " For students in Manila , the strip on Recto is a one-stop shop for term papers and end-of-year assignments . "  I once went to Recto with five other classmates and we paid to get term papers , " said Cecilia Rohas , a former student at Polytechnic University of the Philippines . "  I needed 30 pages , double spaced , on the Philippines revolutionary movement under the Spanish and , sure enough , I got 30 pages , double-spaced , all with a bibliography at the back . "  I was too busy studying for the end-of-year exams to do the term paper . Everybody does it , " says Ms Rohas . These days , she says , the operators on Recto have globalised operations , providing academic texts to order online . "  It 's becoming a good line for people in Manila that want to make a living by writing , " she adds . "  I guess because of the high level of English in the Philippines it 's a good fit . " While other ` diploma mill ' operators on the Recto strip operate openly and in full view of the law , the stallholder stands nervously to attention when two police saunter past his sandwich board . Crackdowns have become more frequent since Manila Mayor Alfredo Lim , nicknamed "  Dirty Harry " for his tough stance with the national police , ordered a clean up of the ID mills several years ago . The stallholders on Recto rarely do the forgeries themselves , acting simply as runners to forgers who do the counterfeiting behind closed doors . In October , police raided one of the country 's most audacious scams ; an entire bogus government department that was collecting "  taxes " using forged documents and IDs . While police suspect the fake presidential agency may have had their own , more sophisticated , in-house forgers who used the latest technology to produce their paperwork and identity cards , the standard of street counterfeits is getting better . The National Bureau of Investigation 's Questioned Documents Division is tight-lipped about the level of sophistication of the forgeries , but admits it 's a tough game keeping ahead of the counterfeiters . "  Are the counterfeiters improving ? Yes they are , " says Carolyn Moldez-Pitoy , supervising document examiner with the National Bureau of Investigation . "  The good part is that we are also getting better at detecting them and that dissuades the forgers . "	Manila 's fake degree mill does a thriving business on Claro M. Recto Avenue Known jokingly as ` Recto University ' , forgers can mock up a degree in a matter of hours Counterfeiters also fake all types of IDs including seamans ' and pilots ' licenses Manila authorities have launched several crackdowns but the illegal trade still flourishes
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- Colorado massacre suspect James Holmes applied to join a gun range in June , but the range 's operator said Sunday that he was disturbed by the "  weird and bizarre " message on Holmes ' answering machine . "  It was weird , " said Glenn Rotkovich , managing partner of the Lead Valley Range in Byers , Colorado . "  I did n't know what kind of message was left by this idiot . We need to know if he 's an idiot before we let him have access to our range . " Rotkovich told CNN that Holmes sent in an online application on June 25 . Rotkovich said he called the number Holmes left on the form , only to get a message he said was largely unintelligible . He said the voice was "  guttural , freakish , maybe drunk . Just weird and bizarre -- a deep , guttural , forced voice . " Paying tribute to the victims Rotkovich said Holmes did n't call him back . He left another message , and said he was again disturbed by the voice on the machine . "  It bothered me so much I told my staff , ` If this guy shows up , he gets nothing until I meet him , ' " Rotkovich said . He said he tried calling Holmes a third time , again with no response , then quit . Holmes never called back , nor did he come to the range in Byers , about 40 miles east of Denver . But when news broke Friday of the bloodbath in a theater in the Denver suburb of Aurora , Rotkovich said one of his staffers remembered the name and saw that it matched reports of the suspect in the killings . Holmes , a 24-year-old doctoral student in neuroscience , was arrested outside the Century 16 multiplex early Friday . He 's accused of opening fire in the crowded theater during a midnight screening of the new Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Shooting survivors recount Colorado horror Pictures obtained of Holmes show a tall , bright-eyed , dark-haired young man , in contrast to the man a law enforcement official said had dyed his hair red and identified himself as "  the Joker " after his arrest . And authorities recovered a Batman poster and mask from the apartment , a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation said Sunday . It 's an image difficult to reconcile for those who know him as a clean-cut , quiet graduate student . He entered the University of California , Riverside , in 2006 on a scholarship and graduated with highest honors with a bachelor 's degree in neuroscience in 2010 . "  Academically , he was at the top of the top , " Chancellor Timothy P. White said . UC Riverside police have no record of any contact with Holmes , the university said . Neither did police at the University of Colorado School of Medicine , where Holmes enrolled in 2011 as a doctoral candidate in its neuroscience program at the Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora , university officials said in a statement released Sunday . Holmes ' sole brush with the law in Colorado appears to have been a 2011 summons for speeding from Aurora police . Holmes attended Colorado with the aid of a grant from the National Institutes of Health , which allowed the university to pay him a $ 26,000-a-year stipend for living expenses , university spokeswoman Jacque Montgomery said . A syllabus that lists Holmes as a student at the medical school shows that he may have taken a class in which he studied topics as diverse as substance abuse , schizophrenia , depression and other disorders . According to the document , he was to have delivered a presentation in May about microRNA biomarkers . But there are indications that something may have been amiss in Holmes ' life in recent months . He withdrew from the program in June 2012 , though "  he gave no reason for his withdrawal from the graduate school , " said Jacque Montgomery , spokeswoman for the University of Colorado . It is not immediately clear if Holmes , who also worked in a paid position in the university 's neuroscience research program , was still employed there after withdrawing from the program . He received a large volume of deliveries over the past four months to both his home and work addresses , which police believe begins to explain how he got his hands on some of the materials used in the rampage and the subsequent discovery of his booby-trapped apartment , Aurora Police Chief Paul Oates told reporters Saturday . Holmes purchased four weapons and more than 6,000 rounds of ammunition in recent months , Oates said . Police : Evidence of ` calculation , ' ` deliberation ' in Colorado shooting Police have n't disclosed any motive for the attack or explained Holmes ' appearance at the time of his arrest , citing an ongoing investigation . Holmes was dressed in black , wearing a ballistic helmet , a tactical ballistic vest , protective leggings , a throat and groin protector , and a gas mask during the attack , police said , and witnesses say they did not see his face because of the mask . Unlike most people his age , Holmes does not appear to have a social media footprint -- no accounts with Facebook , Twitter or Tumblr , though authorities are investigating whether he posted a profile on the sex website Adult Friend Finder . The profile contains a picture of a man with fiery red hair , a law enforcement source said . Police believe it may be a picture of Holmes , said the source , who was not authorized to speak to the media . The profile said it was created by a 24-year-old man from Aurora and has since been taken down . Adult Friend Finder said Sunday that it "  values the privacy of its members " and would not confirm the identity of any users . The site will respond to police inquiries "  as may be required by law , " company spokesman Lindsay Trivento said in a written statement . It 's a profile that contrasts with news that Holmes worked as a counselor at a summer camp for needy children in 2008 . Camp Max Straus caters to needy children ages 7-14 , and is run by Jewish Big Brothers Big Sisters of Los Angeles , which confirmed his employment but would not offer further details or comment . The man who grew up in the upscale northwest San Diego neighborhood of Rancho PeÃ ± asquitos was renting an apartment in Aurora , according to police and realty records . Tom Mai , a neighbor of the Holmes family in San Diego , described Holmes as "  clean-cut , quiet , responsible . " At the time of his arrest , Holmes was living in a small , three-story brick building on Paris Street in Aurora , in Apartment 10 , within walking distance to the university . "  Neighbors report he lived alone and he kept to himself , " Oates said . Jackie Mitchell , who lives close to Holmes , had a beer with him on Tuesday . Mitchell was stunned at news of Holmes ' alleged involvement in the attack . "  You would never guess he was a violent guy , " Mitchell said , describing Holmes as "  nerdish " and "  a book-smart type guy . " Massacre suspect 's neighbor : ` I 'm counting my lucky stars ' Holmes told police during his arrest he had booby-trapped the third-floor apartment , prompting investigators to evacuate the building and four others nearby and Friday and Saturday trying to disarm and get rid of a variety of explosive devices left behind . Kaitlyn Fonzi , a 20-year-old grad student and neighbor , said she heard techno music blasting from his apartment around the time of the shooting and had nearly opened Holmes ' unlocked apartment door to complain -- unaware that the unit was wired to explode . A timer had turned the music on so that it would blare in his apartment after he left for the Aurora multiplex , according to a law enforcement source , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . Robots reveal ` unique ' setup in suspect 's apartment Gunman turns movie into surreal horror : ` This is real ' Opinion : Can we feel safe in a crowd anymore ? CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Susan Candiotti , Nick Valencia and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Batman poster , mask found in Holmes ' apartment , source says Suspect 's "  guttural , freakish " message alarmed range manager James Holmes was a doctoral student in neuroscience "  You would never guess he was a violent guy , " an acquaintance says
CNN  -- Forbes ' list of the world 's wealthy has named Warren Buffett the richest person on the planet , surpassing his friend and philanthropic partner Bill Gates who had held the title for 13 consecutive years . American investor Warren Buffett has been named world 's richest person . The American investor and philanthropist is worth an estimated $ 62 billion , up $ 10 billion from a year ago thanks to surging prices of Berkshire Hathaway stock , according to Forbes magazine 's annual ranking of the world 's billionaires . Gates , the co-founder of Microsoft , is now ranked as the world 's third richest person . At $ 58 billion , his net worth is up $ 2 billion from a year ago . Mexican telecom tycoon Carlos Slim Helu was named the world 's second richest man , with a net worth of around $ 60 billion , up $ 11 billion since last March . For the first time , Forbes ' rich list named more than 1,000 billionaires from around the world , with 226 newcomers . The total net worth of the group is $ 4.4 trillion , up $ 900 billion from 2007 . Watch who 's up and who 's down " This year 's survey finds an increasing number of the world 's richest coming from emerging markets , including China , India and Russia . Two years ago , 10 of the top 20 billionaires were from the United States . This year , there are only four . India is now home to four of the 10 richest people in the world , the highest number for a single country . But the United States still holds the top spot as the country with the most billionaires -- Americans account for 42 percent of the world 's billionaires and 37 percent of the total wealth , according to Forbes . With 87 billionaires , Russia is now in second place , overtaking Germany , with 59 billionaires , which had held that position for six years . It is also a record-breaking year for young billionaires , with Forbes listing 50 billionaires under the age of 40 . Check out the youngest billionaires " Over half of them are self-starters , including Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page , and India 's Sameer Gehlaut , who started online brokerage Indiabulls . Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , age 23 , was called "  quite possibly the world 's youngest self-made billionaire ever . " E-mail to a friend	Forbes crowns American investor Warren Buffett as world 's richest person After 13 years on top , Microsoft 's Bill Gates drops to number three position Russia replaces Germany as No. 2 country with 87 billionaires Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg may be youngest self-made billionaire in history
CNN Student News  -- April 20 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : India Gulf of Mexico ; Littleton , Colorado ; Washington , D.C. ; Tennessee Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  There are two main ways visitors to Ho Chi Minh City cross the streets . One approach is to step with zen-like calm into the swirl of honking scooters and serenely stride across the road without breaking step . Like locals , they 're part of the flow , part of the  exhaust-choked  stream of traffic . The other is to stand anxiously on the edge of the curb , toes curled like a diver 's , waiting for a non-existent stoplight , then plunge into the melee while letting out a small yelp before slaloming across the street like a demented Frogger . Some , like Steve Mueller , would question why cross the road at all . If you ca n't beat them , join them . Which is what the South Carolinian did -- he now runs the city 's Vietnam Vespa Adventures . It 's a tour company that provides two-wheel thrills on the Italian vintage scooters , Vespa , around Ho Chi Minh City , out into the Mekong Delta and beyond . Being on a scooter in Ho Chi Minh is the best way to feel a part of the city , says Mueller . "  It 's really an authentic experience , " he says . "  Being side by side with the locals . " Day tours take in popular sights like the Opera House and central post office designed by Gustav Eiffel , but also stop at local eateries and offbeat locations . One popular early morning pit stop is Tao Dan park where Ho Chi Minh City 's bird fanciers puff themselves up like their caged pets in a display of tweeting one-upmanship . Unfortunately/thankfully , you 're not the one driving . All the mopeds are driven by local , experienced drivers who have no problem with the swarm of vehicles on the roads . A local tour guide rides along , too , to add context to the sights , smells and sounds experienced from the back of a two-stroke motor . Mueller took a circuitous route to setting up the company . After traveling around Southeast Asia in 1997 he settled in Vietnam the following year and discovered a glut of classic Italian scooters that needed a bit of TLC . He bought his first one after just three days in the country and spying an opportunity to tap into international Vespa enthusiasts ' desire for authentic rides , set up a restoration and export business . It became so successful he was in danger of putting himself out of a job , so in 2006 he decided to start a tour company offering multi-day tours outside of Ho Chi Minh City . According to Mueller , his business was kick-started by Vietnam 's appearance on the TV program "  Top Gear , " which showed the country 's beautiful countryside and underused roads . Longer trips are still offered by Vespa Tours , taking willing riders as far as the Vietnam Highlands and the coastal city of Nha Trang over seven days . Most of the scooters in Mueller 's garage hark back to the golden age of Vespas , the late '60s and 1970s , refurbished with replacement parts from Piaggio-licensed machinists in India . True to their reputation , the 100 or so classic scooters owned by Vespa Adventures break down frequently -- mechanics are on hand for running repairs -- but Mueller believes its all part of the charm in a city where two wheels beats two legs . Vietnam Vespa Adventures , 169a De Tham , District 1 , Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam ; +84 12 2299 3585 / +84 9 3850 0997	American Steve Mueller started a tour company in Ho Chi Minh City offering tours on Vespa Mueller says it 's the best way to see the city and beyond , riding side by side with locals Scooters are driven by experienced local drivers with tour guide and mechanic accompanying each tour
CNN  -- Fraternities might seem to have a Stepford-like uniform : khaki pants , flip-flops , T-shirts or maybe Oxford button-downs . One e-mail from 19-year-old Jonathan Weiss proved that it can be far more tailored than that . By now you 've probably heard about that e-mail , wherein Weiss tells his fraternity brothers at Emory University 's Alpha Tau Omega chapter that they are "  poorly dressed . " The self-proclaimed "  fratshionistau " then listed a few sartorial tips that have been hailed by GQ and other men 's fashion experts as sound advice . His recipe for a well-dressed brother is simple : Wear Earth tones  extra points if you can manage burgundy  , cuff your pants , sport a statement scarf and seek inspiration from innovative labels like Japan 's Talking About The Abstraction . Oh , and get a tailor , because your clothes do n't currently fit your body . To be on the safe side , purchase J.Crew 's Ludlow suit . A native of Columbus , Ohio , Weiss said he had long ascribed to the fashion "  my parents decided for me , " which he calls "  eccentric rower preppy . " He 's now drawn to a more nostalgic "  Americana " style , thanks to a freshman-year introduction to Beat poetry .  Weiss is dual majoring in English and neuroscience . "  I fell in love with 1950s America , this idea of refining yourself . You look at the fashion they had and the way  the Beat poets  dressed and what they inspired , being very nationalistic , very cool . I got inspired by that , " he said . Conveniently , key items from Beatnik styles are available at modern malls , he said , like cardigan sweaters  Weiss prefers Ralph Lauren 's rugby collection  , chukka boots a la J.Crew or Clarks , and thick-rimmed Warby Parkers . "  Americana " style encompasses a lot of looks , said Esquire 's senior associate market editor , Nic Screws : "  Everything from American-made heritage brands to prep to regional influences . Red Wing boots , Repp ties and nautical stripes can all be considered Americana . " The young man 's fashion takedown might seem like a bold change from the "  Animal House " fraternity stereotype  and a bold move for a new brother  , but according to G. Bruce Boyer , a contributing editor to Town & Country , the looks Weiss advocates have roots on campus . Although it might feel like high style on the average college campus these days , fraternity members at Princeton , Yale and Harvard were running counter to the formal fashion of the early 1900s . With colorful scarves and sport coats , the Ivy League elite pioneered casual , stylish men 's fashion , said Boyer , who co-curated a recent exhibition of Ivy League fashion at the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York . "  It only became this new-conservative look of the Eastern establishment in the 1950s , " Boyer said . Post-World War II , it became a status symbol , a look associated with power , Boyer said . It was revived in the early 1980s , when it became known as "  preppy . " The current revival of Ivy League style , and the broader Americana look , is driven by close , fitted Italian tailoring and Japanese fashion sense , Boyer said . The notion that clothes have a deeper , non-verbal communication is something Weiss subscribes to . "  I view fashion as a means to present yourself before you open your mouth , " said Weiss , the self-proclaimed "  apparel chair " of his Alpha Tau Omega chapter . "  It 's another way for you to communicate with someone . It 's not the only way , of course . I think the content of what you say is more important than how you look , but it can hinder or further how you frame your message . " Boyer could n't agree more : "  Not only do clothes talk , but they never shut up . You keep looking at people , you learn more and more about them from their clothes . " "  One thing that interested me about  Weiss  is , he is very much aware of the details , " Boyer said . "  Mentioning the Earth tones and cuffed trousers : He was aware that that little , two-inch strip of cloth at the bottom of your legs was somehow important , that that cuff somehow separated the men from the boys , the well-dressed from the not-well-dressed , the knowing from the not knowing . " Understanding fashion is what Weiss feels he can contribute to Alpha Tau Omega . Counter to the stereotypes of hazing , lecherous , binge-drinking party animals , he said , fraternity life is about trying to "  find kindred spirits that you can connect with on a deeper level . " Weiss hopes to one day own a store in his Ohio hometown with his older sister , who is interning in the fashion industry while pursuing a law degree in New York . For now , he said , his fraternity brothers welcomed his e-mail with good humor and respect for his opinion , even if they did n't share his passion for fashion . They continued to encouraged him when the note spread on the Internet , despite some bloggers and journalists calling it "  ridiculous . " "  Some might have seen this as a negative , ` Oh , how embarrassing ' kind of thing , " Weiss said , but , "  I only received support from  my brothers .  I guess a thank you note is in order . "	Emory student Jonathan Weiss wanted to help his fraternity brothers dress better Weiss recommends a modern take on classic Americana looks Weiss ' said his fraternity brothers support his interest in fashion
Southern Living  -- Mount Vernon is undergoing a renaissance . Today the site 's annual attendance matches its highest since 1976 . Why ? Visitors used to spend only an hour or so at his house , then leave still thinking of George Washington as that grim , old man on the dollar bill . Now , visitors meet him face-to-face in three life-sized statues , and they ca n't get enough of America 's first action hero . At the museum at Mount Vernon , the 45-year-old future president is depicted riding in Valley Forge . "  He 's tall ! He 's strong ! He 's handsome ! " they may exclaim when seeing him for the first time . Today 's first President is a well-rounded figure at the expanded visitors center , museum , and education facility at Mount Vernon Estate & Gardens in Virginia . A new face for George Washington now startles visitors . As they walk through the Donald W. Reynolds Museum and Education Center , one of three life-size models depicts him at age 19 , standing 6 ' 2 " , with his auburn hair pulled back in a queue . He 's lean and lanky like an athlete , with muscular hips and thighs -- the marks of a man comfortable in the saddle . SouthernLiving.com : D.C. Travel Planner "  He was the best horseman in America , " James C. Rees , executive director of Mount Vernon , remarks . "  He was a great architect and landscape designer , and a terrific ball room dancer . " Washington seems alive , except for breath itself . Step around another museum corner and he appears at 45 astride his horse in the snow at Valley Forge . Down another corridor he takes the oath of office at 57 . More than mere mannequins , these figures are based on forensic research . To piece the elements together , scientists sized Washington up with measurements of his breeches and waistcoat . They determined the jut of his jaw from his dentures . They analyzed locks of his hair to determine its color at various ages . Getting to know the man Admirers esteem his intellect , compassion , and self-restraint .  He was the only Founding Father to free his slaves .  After winning the Revolutionary War , Washington could have crowned himself king . Instead of reigning , however , he resigned and went home . Visitors tour the home , stopping to marvel at the stately main hall and gliding their hands along the same banister that supported the likes of the Marquis de Lafayette . They crowd into upstairs halls to see bedrooms that hosted more than 700 guests each year in George and Martha 's time . SouthernLiving.com : Come Home to Virginia Then they explore the estate with its 18th-century sights , sounds , and scents . The distillery and gristmill are now open , and a reconstructed slave structure tells the African American story . There 's more to come . This spring , bellows will breathe fire to life in the new blacksmith shop . Meanwhile , the orientation center and museum are close at hand yet hidden , tucked into the earth so they do n't interfere with the historic landscape . He who would not be king It 's working . Washington is undergoing a renaissance . "  King George III told an associate that if Washington gave up all his power and went back to his farm , he would be the greatest man in the world , " James remarks . "  That 's like the Dallas Cowboys coach saying something nice about the Redskins . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2009 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Today Mount Vernon 's annual attendance matches its highest since 1976 Three new life-size models depict George Washington at different ages Visitors can explore the distillery , gristmill and a reconstructed slave structure
CLEARWATER , Florida  CNN  -- Two NFL players are among four boaters missing since Saturday night off Florida 's Gulf Coast , officials told CNN . Corey Smith , left , and Marquis Cooper are missing after a boating trip off the Florida coast , officials said . Oakland Raiders linebacker Marquis Cooper and NFL free agent Corey Smith , who played for the Detroit Lions for the past three seasons , have not returned from a Saturday fishing trip in water off Clearwater , Florida , family members and colleagues said Sunday . "  It feels like my greatest fear coming true -- it does n't feel real , " Cooper 's wife , Rebekah , told CNN affiliate WTSP in Tampa on Sunday afternoon . "  I 'm just waiting for a phone call . " The Coast Guard began searching around 2 a.m. Sunday after it learned that four men -- Cooper , Smith , and former University of South Florida football players William Bleakley and Nick Schuyler -- had not returned from their fishing trip Saturday evening as expected . Rough weather has hampered the effort , but "  it 's still a very active search , " Coast Guard Capt. Tim Close told reporters Sunday afternoon . Poor visibility from heavy waves forced the search-and-rescue effort to be conducted primarily by air , though authorities deployed patrol boats as well , Close said . Watch relatives , friends express concern for missing boaters " Searchers have focused on 750 square miles of open water in the Gulf of Mexico , about 50 miles west of Clearwater Pass . From there , the men had left the Seminole Boat Ramp in a 21-foot single-engine boat about 6:30 a.m. Saturday , the Coast Guard said . Rebekah Cooper said she became worried Saturday night when she did n't hear from her husband . She called her one of her husband 's fishing buddies , Brian Miller , who contacted the Coast Guard with the coordinates of where the men planned to fish . "  Usually I 'm on the boat . It 's a little difficult wondering if something would have been different if I had been there , " Miller said . "  Or who knows ? They may be just sitting out there with a broken motor -- and that 's what we 're hoping for . "  He said it was clear something was wrong when Cooper did n't call Saturday night . "  He should 've been within range to use his cell phone , and he knows enough to shut it off when he goes out so the batteries are still there , " he said . Close said weather conditions were relatively good Saturday , "  but the weather picked up overnight . " "  It 's a small vessel for the conditions that are out there right now , " Close said Sunday afternoon . Rebekah Cooper said her husband was aware of Sunday 's weather forecast and for that reason picked Saturday for the trip . "  Fishing is his first love , it always has been , " she said , adding , "  I have a lot of faith in him out there . " Cooper 's father said he learned of the situation Sunday morning from his daughter-in-law . His son "  routinely stays out on the water 12-14 hours , " Bruce Cooper , a sports anchor for CNN affiliate KPNX in Phoenix , Arizona , said in a statement . Close said authorities had not received a distress signal from the boaters . Close said Cooper owns the boat . Bruce Cooper called his son an "  avid fisherman . " "  He goes deep sea fishing any opportunity he gets , " Cooper said in the statement . "  Two years ago I went deep sea fishing with him . I swore I would never do so again ; I did n't like the fact that I could n't see land . Needless to say I am very concerned . I am praying and hoping for the best . " The boat , a center-console vessel manufactured by Everglades Boats , is billed as "  unsinkable , " Close said . The Detroit Lions released a statement acknowledging that Smith was among the missing men , adding , "  Our thoughts and prayers are with all the passengers , their families and all those involved in the search efforts . " Smith and Cooper were teammates with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for part of the 2004 season , when Cooper was a rookie , according to the NFL 's Web site . Smith , who entered the league with Tampa Bay in 2002 , went on to play for the Washington Redskins before moving to the Lions for the 2006 season . Cooper has played for six teams in his five-season career . Cooper played college football at the University of Washington . Smith played at North Carolina State . Schuyler 's father , Stu , told reporters that the four men knew each other from working out at a gym , and that his son had accompanied Cooper and Smith on a fishing trip last week that lasted 15 hours . Bleakley lettered from 2004 to 2006 as a tight end for USF , according to a spokesman for the university 's athletics department . Schuyler was a walk-on defensive end for USF in 2006 , but he never played in a game , the spokesman said . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Will and Nick , as well as the Florida Coast Guard as they continue their search , " USF Athletic Director Doug Woolard said in a statement Sunday . The Coast Guard asked anyone with information on the boaters to contact its St. Petersburg , Florida , office at 727-824-7506 . CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It feels like my greatest fear coming true , " wife of missing man says Four boaters missing off Florida 's western coast , officials say NFL 's Corey Smith and Marquis Cooper among the missing Boat set out early Saturday ; Coast Guard began search Sunday
Almost two decades ago , a parlor game called "  Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon " became an unlikely grass-roots phenomenon among movie buffs and foretold today 's social web of online connections . Maybe the only one who was not amused by the game was Kevin Bacon himself . "  I was horrified by it . I thought it was a giant joke at my expense , " said the prolific actor Saturday during a talk at the South by Southwest Interactive festival here . "  I appreciate it now . But I was very resistant to it  at first  . " The game , which celebrates its 20th anniversary this year , requires players to link celebrities to Bacon , in as few steps as possible , via the movies they have in common . The more odd or random the celebrity , the better . For example , O.J. Simpson was in "  The Naked Gun 33 1/3 " with Olympia Dukakis , who was in "  Picture Perfect " with Kevin Bacon . Inspired by "  six degrees of separation , " the theory that nobody is more than six relationships away from any other person in the world , the game was dreamed up in 1994 by Brian Turtle and two classmates at Albright College in Reading , Pennsylvania . They were watching "  Footloose " on TV when it was followed by another Kevin Bacon movie , and then another . "  It was just one of those lightbulb moments , " said Turtle , who joined Bacon onstage at SXSW . "  It was like , ` This guy is everywhere ! He 's the center of the entertainment universe . ' " After it spread among their friends , Turtle and his co-creators , Craig Fass and Mike Ginelli , managed to get booked on Jon Stewart 's then-MTV show to explain the game . Meanwhile , Bacon was becoming aware of it , too . "  I started to kind of hear about it in strange ways , " said the actor , still boyish at 55 . "  People would come up to me and touch me and say , ` I 'm one degree ! ' I did n't really know what was going on . " Bacon thought the game would be a fad . But it endured , and he eventually embraced it . "  I do n't think it 's a great testament to my ability  as an actor  , " he said . "  My movies just happen to be on a lot . " In 2007 Bacon launched SixDegrees.org , a charitable organization that connects celebrities with good causes for fundraising purposes . The "  Six Degrees " game has also inspired a website , The Oracle of Bacon , which lets people type in any actor 's name to see how closely they link with the "  Footloose " actor . The site assigns each celeb a "  Bacon number " to show the number of degrees of separation between the two . Google now lets users type "  Bacon number " in the search field , followed by an actor 's name , to produce the same result . It 's rare to find a veteran actor who is not linked to Bacon in some way , and rarer still to find a Bacon number of 4 or higher . It helps that Bacon has appeared in more than 65 movies , including many with large ensemble casts such as "  Diner , " "  Flatliners , " "  JFK , " "  A Few Good Men , " "  Sleepers , " "  Mystic River " and "  X-Men : First Class . " Bacon , currently filming the second season of his Fox drama "  The Following , " admitted Saturday that he occasionally needs to use The Oracle of Bacon himself . "  Whether it 's my age or my misspent youth , sometimes I forget whether I 've worked with somebody or not , " he said . "  I 'll look at the call sheet , check the name , and then I 'll check their Bacon number . That way I can go on the set and say , ` Good to see you , ' or ` Good to see you again . ' " Several other celebrities with tenuous ties to Bacon joined him onstage Saturday , including actress Felicia Day , who noted that " ` Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon ' is really the idea of social media before there was social media . " The talk closed with fellow panelist Lance Ulanoff , editor of tech site Mashable , shooting a Vine video of Bacon with the audience waving in the background . That way , Bacon said , everyone in attendance in Austin is now just one degree of separation away from him . Assange to SXSW : We 're all being watched	Actor thought ` Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon ' game was making fun of him Bacon : "  I was horrified . I thought it was a giant joke at my expense ' Game asks players to link other celebs to Bacon by movies they have in common Founded by three college buddies , game is now 20 years old
A 4.4-magnitude earthquake shook the Los Angeles area on Monday morning , jolting some people awake just before sunrise but bringing no immediate reports of serious damage . The quake , centered about 6 miles north-northwest of Westwood and about 15 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles , happened at 6:25 a.m. , the U.S. Geological Survey said . "  I sort of sat up in bed , waited a second , then put my head down for a bit . I was n't really afraid , " a man walking his dog in downtown Los Angeles less than an hour after the quake told CNN affiliate KTLA . He did n't provide his name . CNN 's Alan Duke said he was half awake in his Hollywood Hills home when he felt a jolt that lasted a few seconds . "  It just served as a rude awakening , " Duke said . "  The sliding-glass doors were just rattling like somebody had slammed into them . Nothing fell off the walls . " The USGS 's online ShakeMap showed that strong to moderate shaking would have been felt near the epicenter , with lighter vibrations felt in Los Angeles proper . Geophysicist Paul Caruso said that significant damage or casualties generally would n't be expected with earthquakes weaker than a 5.5 magnitude , though results vary by region , often depending on construction codes and types of rock that exist underground . At least six aftershocks followed the quake Monday morning , the strongest of which was a magnitude 2.7 , said Egill Hauksson , a California Institute of Technology seismologist . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The place where two earthquakes hit every hour	Los Angeles resident : "  I sort of sat up in bed , waited a second , then put my head down " Quake happened at 6:25 a.m. , before sunrise . Shaking "  served as a rude awakening , " CNN 's Alan Duke says
A televised confession this week detailing a life of illegal gambling and paid-for sex has capped the dramatic fall from grace of one of China 's most high-profile social media celebrities and socialites . Guo Meimei , 23 , best known for showing off her wealth , looks and extravagant lifestyle on Sina Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , appeared on state television without make up and in orange prison garb after being detained by police last month for operating an illegal gambling den . Guo said that she also made money by working as a call girl . She told police she would charge no less than 100,000 yuan  $ 17,400  for every encounter . "  I 'm really not short of those who want to keep me as mistress , " she said . "  There are many who would spend money to sleep with me for a night , no matter the price . " Guo 's Weibo account , which has almost two million followers , shows pictures of her posing by a jet ski in a bikini , and by a Lamborghini . She was also starring in a film about her life called "  I am Guo Meimei . " Guo invested in the project herself and production began last year . It was careless posts to her followers that tipped off police about her illicit activities . Last month , she was arrested for breaching China 's strict gambling laws after boasting about her winnings from betting on World Cup matches . She also admitted operating an illegal gambling venue at a one-room apartment in Beijing with her ex-boyfriend . Guo 's startling confession has been splashed over front pages and gossip magazines but critics have warned that her trial by media may be premature , given that she has not yet appeared in court . Some social media users said her case was being used to draw attention away from bad news stories such as an earthquake in southwestern China and a deadly factory explosion . She first gained notoriety in 2011 after she posted photos of herself posing with luxury sports cars and designer bags on a Weibo account that identified her as a commercial general manager for the Chinese Red Cross . Her ostentatious photos sparked widespread outrage about how a charity worker could sustain such a lavish lifestyle , leading to a big drop off in donations the following year , even though the Red Cross denied any connection with Guo . In her confession , Guo apologized to the Red Cross and the public for fabricating her affiliation with the charity . "  Because of my vanity , I 've made a very big mistake " , she said . "  I 'd like to sincerely apologize to Red Cross , also to the people and especially to those who need to receive help but have n't . " On Monday , the charity called on donors to "  please forget Guo Meimei " and provide help to people affected by the earthquake in Yunnan that has killed almost 600 people .	Guo Meimei is one of China 's most high-profile social media celebrities Socialite made a startling televised confession this week after her arrest last month She detailed a life of illicit sex and gambling
Oklahoma will seek the death penalty for Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , who is charged with first-degree murder in the beheading of a 54-year-old woman at his former workplace , District Attorney Greg Mashburn said in a court document Thursday . Nolen also faces an attempted murder charge in the stabbing attack on another woman , as well as a charge of assault with a deadly weapon , Mashburn said previously . Nolen should be punished with death , Thursday 's "  bill of particulars " states , because his crime was "  especially heinous , atrocious or cruel , " the defendant knowingly put multiple people at "  great risk of death , " the defendant probably poses a "  continuing threat to society , " and Nolen was previously convicted of a felony for using or threatening violence . Mashburn said Sunday that he would probably seek the death penalty after consulting with the victim 's family . Nolen , a recent convert to Islam , is accused of carrying out the attacks last week at a Vaughan Foods processing plant soon after he learned he 'd lost his job there . Nolen was trying "  to get revenge on certain people he felt responsible " for his job loss , Mashburn said . The large kitchen knife used in the attack came from Nolen 's home , Mashburn said . The FBI is also investigating the attack because Nolen "  was saying Arabic terms in the attack , " Mashburn said . The Oklahoma Department of Homeland Security is also investigating the incident . "  That investigation is still ongoing , and it is unclear at this time whether the crime was an act of terrorism , workplace violence or a gruesome combination of both , " Fallin said in a statement . Police said Nolen walked into the Vaughan Foods front office September 25 and attacked one of the first people he encountered , Colleen Hufford , 54 . He severed her head with a knife and then attacked Traci Johnson , 43 . Johnson was one of three people Nolen was targeting , authorities said , and he was n't able to reach the other two . Hufford was attacked despite not being one of the three intended targets , the prosecutor said . Court papers said Nolen grabbed Hufford from behind and "  immediately began cutting her across the throat with the large knife , with a back and forth sawing motion . " Nolen then grabbed Johnson and "  cut her across the throat and left side of her face with the knife " in an attempt at a second beheading , according to a police affidavit . See copy of court papers and police affidavit  PDF Mashburn said that while Nolen was employed at the plant , he made statements "  saying he did n't like white people , " which prompted Johnson to file a complaint with the plant 's human resources department . Mark Vaughan , the company CEO and a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office , confronted and twice shot Nolen , authorities said . Vaughan arrived at the plant with a rifle and shot Nolen as he was charging with knife in hand , Mashburn said . In unrelated incidents , Nolen was convicted of assault and battery on a police officer , escape from detention and possession of marijuana , all in January 2011 , according to court papers filed by prosecutors .	Document says crime was "  especially heinous , atrocious or cruel " Co-worker complained after Nolen spoke of not liking white people , official says FBI involved because suspect "  was saying Arabic terms " during attacks , official says Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , is charged with murder , attempted murder , assault
CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force 's mysterious unmanned space plane , the X-37B , is about to come back to Earth after nearly two years in orbit on a mission the military wo n't tell us much about . The X-37B is expected to land at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , the Air Force said . The base did not give an exact time for the landing , but a notice to aviators and mariners on the Federal Aviation Administration 's website Tuesday said airspace around the Southern California base would be closed from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Wednesday . "  Team Vandenberg stands ready to implement safe landing operations for the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle , the third time for this unique mission , " Col. Keith Baits , commander of the 30th Space Wing , said in a statement . The X-37B , which looks like a small space shuttle , lifted off from Cape Canaveral in Florida on December 11 , 2012 . At the time , the Air Force said its mission would last about nine months . The X-37B "  is designed to demonstrate reusable spacecraft technologies for America 's future in space and operating experiments which can be returned to , and examined , on Earth , " an Air Force statement said . "  Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance , navigation and control , thermal protection systems , avionics , high temperature structures and seals , conformal reusable insulation , lightweight electromechanical flight systems , and autonomous orbital flight , re-entry and landing . " But as the spacecraft has been in orbit for more than 22 months , speculation on other uses abounds , including testing of a secret space weapon or spying activities . The previous mission of the X-37B , which landed at Vandenberg on June 16 , 2012 , lasted 469 days , according to the Air Force . That mission was flown by the second of the Air Force 's two X-37B orbiters . The current mission is the second for the first of the orbiters , which was refurbished after it spent 224 days in orbit following an April 2010 launch . When the current mission launched , the Air Force said it might not be the last . "  Officials anticipate multiple missions will be required to satisfy the test program objectives , but the exact number of missions has not been determined , " a statement said . The X-37B spacecraft is 29 feet , 3 inches long and 9 feet , 6 inches high with a wingspan of 14 feet and 11 inches . It weighs about 5.5 tons . It is lifted into space by United Launch Alliance 's Atlas V rockets .	NEW : An FAA notice says airspace around the base will close part of Wednesday Space plane has been in orbit for more than 22 months Air Force says mission of X-37B is to demonstrate technologies Speculation abounds about secret weapons , spying
CNN  -- Opposition leader and supermarket mogul Ricardo Martinelli has won Panama 's presidential election , the head of the country 's electoral tribunal said Sunday . Ricardo Martinelli delivers a victory speech after Panama 's presidential election Sunday . Martinelli , of the conservative Democratic Change party , edged out former Housing Minister Balbina Herrera of Panama 's governing Democratic Revolutionary Party , said Erasmo Pinilla of the electoral tribunal . A final vote count was n't immediately available Sunday evening . "  This is a victory for all the people of Panama , " Martinelli said . "  And I make a call to all our opposition -- to all the parties that opposed us -- that you all are all Panamanians . ... Tomorrow we have to start a new day . " Martinelli also ran for president in 2004 , when he came in fourth with about 5 percent of the vote . President Martin Torrijos won that election with about 47 percent of the vote .	Supermarket mogul Ricardo Martinelli is winner , election official says Martinelli is leader of the conservative Democratic Change party "  This is a victory for all the people of Panama , " Martinelli says He came in fourth place during 2004 presidential election
CNN  Serena Williams thumped Dominika Cibulkova 6-2 6-2 Wednesday to make it past the quarterfinals at the Australian Open -- and that spells trouble for her rivals who are still in contention at the season 's first major . The world No. 1 has never lost in Melbourne when she 's played a semifinal or final -- going 10-0 -- with her record overall in grand slam semifinals and finals an impressive 40-7 . Further not since the 2011 U.S. Open has the 33-year-old fallen in a grand slam semifinal or final . Those are indeed ominous numbers for her semifinal opponent and fellow American Madison Keys , who prevented an all-Williams encounter in the last four when she edged Venus Williams 6-3 4-6 6-4 . Keys became the third young , surprise semifinalist at the Australian Open in three seasons , joining Eugenie Bouchard and Sloane Stephens . But Serena Williams was n't looking too far ahead just yet . The 18-time grand slam winner was simply happy to advance to the semifinals , having not done so in Melbourne since capturing the title in 2010 . "  It 's finally good to get past the quarterfinals or the fourth round , " she said . "  I forgot what it 's like for this place , for Melbourne , to look a little empty . Gosh , it 's been so long . " She progressed over 2014 finalist Cibulkova despite continuing to struggle with a sore throat . "  I 've been sick the past few days , " she said . "  It 's just getting worse and worse . But hopefully it will start getting better . "  I heard it 's a virus going around with a lot of the players . I think I caught it . " The 19-year-old Keys will attempt to go one better than Bouchard and Stephens when she takes on Serena in a maiden semifinal at a major . Against Venus Williams , the powerful Keys was n't without her own health issues , calling the trainer for a thigh injury in the second set . She 'll hope the injury gets better -- and fast -- since Keys wo n't have a day off prior to the semis . "  It still hurts , " said Keys . "  Definitely going to be getting some treatment on that . " Keys rallied from a break down in the final set against the seven-time grand slam champion , who was competing in her first major quarterfinal in five years . She was helped by her opponent , who committed 38 unforced errors to go along with only 10 winners . In the third set alone , Venus Williams hit three winners and 13 unforced errors . "  This is her moment today , " said Venus Williams . "  I think it was pretty rare that I was able to string together three or four points without an error . That was unfortunate for me today . But next time I 'll be able to play more solid . "  It 's definitely been a great last like four weeks , I think , " added Williams , who won a warmup event in Auckland . "  A lot of match wins , a lot of momentum , just a lot of great things happening that everybody wants to happen in their career . "  I think a lot of players would have been happy with this tournament . I 'm happy with progress . I 'm not happy with a loss , I 'll tell you that . " The other semifinal is an all-Russian affair -- Maria Sharapova challenges Ekaterina Makarova . Wawrinka betters Nishikori Defending men 's champion Stan Wawrinka continued his fine form , brushing aside Kei Nishikori . When they met at the U.S. Open in the quarterfinals , Nishikori upset Wawrinka in five sets before later making his first grand slam final . But Wednesday 's quarterfinal contest was n't close , with Wawrinka prevailing 6-3 6-4 7-6  6  . Wawrinka rallied from a 5-1 deficit in a fourth-set tiebreak in his previous match against Guillermo Garcia-Lopez -- but almost blew a 6-1 lead in the fourth-set tiebreak versus Nishikori . The Japanese baseliner drew level at 6-6 , only to then miss a drop shot into the net when he was controlling the rally . "  That one I was really happy because I was not going to get to that ball , " Wawrinka told reporters . Wawrinka closed out the match with a big serve . Wawrinka improved to 16-4 in tiebreaks in Melbourne , including 5-0 this year . He 'll next battle world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the pair 's third meeting in Melbourne in three seasons . The previous two went to five sets . They went five sets at the U.S. Open in 2013 , too . "  We had some crazy matches in the grand slams in the past , " Wawrinka said . Djokovic , in the last match on Rod Laver Arena , had little trouble defeating big-serving Canadian Milos Raonic 7-6  5  6-4 6-2 . He did n't face a break point . Two-time grand slam winner Andy Murray plays 2010 Wimbledon finalist Tomas Berdych in the first men 's semifinal Thursday . Berdych upset Rafael Nadal on Wednesday and has yet to drop a set this fortnight .	Serena Williams crushes Dominika Cibulkova at the Australian Open Williams moves into the semifinals against Madison Keys Keys prevents an all-Williams clash by downing Venus Williams Novak Djokovic , Stan Wawrinka to face off in men 's semifinals
Kunduz , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Police in the northern Afghanistan province of Kunduz are looking for a man they say strangled his wife after she bore him a third child that was not a son . Sher Mohammed , 29 , married his 22-year-old wife , Storay , four years ago , police said . The couple had three daughters , the last of whom was born three months ago , said Khanabad district police chief Sufi Habib . After the youngest daughter was born , Mohammed blamed his wife for not being able to deliver a boy , Habib said . "  Finally on Saturday , the man , with the help of his mother , first beat the woman and then strangled her to death , " the police chief said . Khanabad is about 50 kilometers  31 miles  from Kunduz city . Police arrested the mother , Wali Hazrata , and detained her at the Kunduz city jail . But her son fled . In a jailhouse interview , Hazrata said her son 's wife committed suicide out of guilt . "  My son did not commit the crime , " Hazrata said . " ... But after three daughters , Storay herself felt guilty and committed suicide . " The report comes weeks after Afghan police said they rescued a 15-year-old girl who was locked up in the basement of her in-laws ' house , starved , and had her nails pulled out . The girl , Sahar Gul , was married off to a 30-year-old man last year . Authorities in northern Baghlan province said the girl reportedly was tortured after she refused to submit to prostitution . Activists say women continue to suffer in parts of Afghanistan despite overall progress since the fall of the Taliban . In the second quarter of last year , the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission  AIHRC  registered 1,026 cases of violence against women . In 2010 , it recorded 2,700 cases . In December , gunmen attacked and sprayed an Afghan family with acid in their home after the father rejected a man 's bid to marry his teenage daughter . In another case , a 21-year-old , identified only as Gulnaz for her own protection , was sentenced to 12 years in prison after she reported that her cousin 's husband had raped her . Her plight attracted international attention when it came out that she had agreed to marry her attacker to gain her freedom and legitimize a daughter conceived in the attack . She was eventually freed , following President Hamid Karzai 's intervention . Horia Mosadiq , a London-based Afghan researcher for the rights group Amnesty International , said the abuse inflicted on Storay Mohammed is not an isolated instance . "  Generally the human rights situation , and particularly women 's rights , is deteriorating , " she told CNN . "  I am in constant contact with women 's rights groups across the country , and they say they are seeing an increase in violence . " This is in part because the Afghan government does little to implement or enforce the laws that protect women 's rights , she said . She also sees it as a consequence of women across the country gaining greater awareness of their rights , which is leading both to a backlash from men and to more cases of violence being reported . On top of that , the Afghan government 's move toward peace and reconciliation talks with the Taliban has led many people to think the current oppression of women will simply continue as it is , Mosadiq said . "  We need to make sure that we protect the women -- it 's so important that women 's rights in Afghanistan are non-negotiable , " she said . The alleged involvement of Storay Mohammed 's mother-in-law in her abuse is not unusual , Mosadiq added , as women often play a role in violence against other women within the family , as do husbands , fathers and brothers . And there is a heavy cultural pressure to bear sons , who are viewed as the breadwinners , she said , with the birth of a daughter seen as a burden rather than something to celebrate . If the situation of Afghan women is to improve , Mosadiq said , a strong political will is needed at the government level , backed up by strong pressure from the international community . "  Where  the international community  puts so much pressure and focus on a military solution , they should also think about the protection of the Afghan people and Afghan women , " she said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Women 's rights are deteriorating in Afghanistan , a rights activist says The mother of accused husband says her daughter-in-law committed suicide Sher Mohammed and his 22-year-old wife had three daughters The mother , who allegedly beat her daughter-in-law , was arrested , but her son fled , police say
CNN  -- Americans hungry for feel-good fine dining are reaping the benefits of the struggling economy . 606 Congress in Boston , Massachusetts , is offering a three-course "  appetite stimulus " deal for $ 25 . Wine deals , bar menu specials and three-course , prix fixe meals for $ 25 to $ 40 are popping up in high-end eateries across the country to lure customers as business and leisure travel dips and diners stay closer to home and make more value-driven decisions about eating out . For Manhattan restaurateur Paul Grieco , sticking to good food and the warm , hospitable philosophy of his East Village restaurant , Hearth , is key to devising dining promotions to combat a 20 percent dip in business from the same period last year . "  Every restaurant out there is leading with the discount , and the consumer -- it 's become one big blur . We 're all competing against each other -- none of us are coming out winners , " Grieco said . To differentiate Hearth this winter , Grieco and the restaurant 's chef created five winter soups available at the bar for $ 5 each , paired with $ 5 glasses of sherry . This spring , Grieco plans to offer $ 5 spring salads . Hearth 's Cucina Povera , a rustic $ 35 three-course , prix fixe meal featuring entrees such as braised lamb shank , is another offer aimed at budget-conscious diners . "  A year ago , to be honest , I did n't have to hit that three-course menu at $ 35 a head . Now you have to , " Grieco said . Grieco said he hopes the special menu items and prix fixe offering will attract more neighborhood diners to Hearth , one of the most expensive restaurants in the East Village . "  You need that neighborhood crowd , and because of our price point , maybe not everyone in the East Village was able to come to Hearth . Well , we need to change that , " Grieco said . Taking menu price inflation into account , the National Restaurant Association expects the restaurant industry 's sales to decline by 1 percent in 2009 . A similar drop in 2008 makes for the first consecutive back-to-back decline for the industry since the organization started tracking sales in 1970 . "  This is currently the most challenging environment for restaurant operators in several decades , " said Hudson Riehle , head of research at the National Restaurant Association . While the decline is relatively small compared with other industries , pricier restaurants take a bigger hit in a down economy , and establishments that rely heavily on travelers are likely to feel the economic slump acutely as total travel expenditures in the U.S. are expected to dip by 6.7 percent in 2009 , according to the U.S. Travel Association . At national seafood chain McCormick & Schmick 's , 35 percent to 40 percent of the customer traffic , on average , comes from business travelers , according to CEO Bill Freeman . Sales through the end of February were down 13 percent from last year . The restaurant is offering a steak and lobster dinner with dessert for $ 29.95 . Increased focus on local promotional opportunities around holidays such as Mother 's Day and Father 's Day and an enhanced preferred guest program also are part of the company 's efforts to drive sales . The preferred guest program allows diners to amass points that can be redeemed for food in the restaurant and some travel-related awards . In Charleston , South Carolina , where many upscale restaurants rely heavily on tourism , those that are coping best are adding value without compromising their price integrity , according to Robert Frash , an assistant professor in the College of Charleston 's Department of Hospitality and Tourism Management . "  Rather than lowering their prices or offering coupons and discounts that are inconsistent with fine dining , they 're trying to give -LSB- customers -RSB- a better value . Perhaps where they were priced a la carte before , now it might be more of a prix fixe menu , " Frash said . The Charleston Grill , in the Charleston Place Hotel , started a dinner at dusk promotion in January . The three-course menu for $ 39 is available seven days a week to diners who are seated before 6 p.m. Similar value-driven promotions are available at other hotel-based restaurants . 606 Congress , in the Renaissance Boston Waterfront Hotel in Massachusetts , will resume a popular "  appetite stimulus " menu on April 13 . For $ 25 , guests receive an appetizer , entrée special , dessert and a glass of wine . Wine promotions are another customer lure . Patina Restaurant Group , which operates more than 20 restaurants , is wrapping up a wine promotion at East Coast establishments March 31 that gives customers 25 percent off all bottles . The promotion finished a successful West Coast run at the end of February , and the company is now waiving corkage fees at most West Coast restaurants . "  That is something that has been wildly successful ... just getting people in the door , " said spokeswoman Amanda White . "  We figure if people do n't need to pay for wine , they 'll spend more on food . " Promotions and sales declines aside , Americans are still dining out , according to Riehle of the National Restaurant Association . "  Restaurants have become so ingrained in American lifestyles now , and the consumer reliance upon them in some cases deems it a much more essential experience than a discretionary experience . "	Upscale restaurants are offering prix fixe menus to attract diners Some restaurants have three-course meals for $ 25 to $ 40 Economic slump has hit high-end restaurants harder Americans continue to dine out despite recession
New Orleans  CNN  -- A control unit on the Deepwater Horizon 's blowout preventer was leaking hydraulic fluid before the explosion that unleashed the worst oil spill in U.S. history , a BP official testified Tuesday . Ronald Sepulvado , one of BP 's well site leaders -- "  company men , " in rig jargon -- told the Coast Guard-Interior Department board investigating the drill platform 's sinking that there were "  off and on " problems with valves that directed hydraulic fluid inside the mechanism . He said he reported the problem to his superiors , but the rig continued to operate despite the problem . Federal regulations require that drilling work halt if a control "  pod " is inoperable . Sepulvado said the unit was still functional , but his team leader should have reported the issue to the Minerals Management Service , the recently reorganized Interior Department agency that regulated offshore drilling . "  I guess we assumed that everything was OK , since I reported it to the team leader and he should have reported it to the MMS , " Sepulvado said . His team leader , BP executive John Guide , is scheduled to testify before the investigative board Thursday . Deepwater Horizon 's blowout preventer failed to shut down the runaway well at the heart of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill after the April 20 explosion aboard the rig . The resulting fire sank the platform , leaving 11 workers dead and releasing an undersea gusher that engineers were unable to contain until last week . Sepulvado and Donald Vidrine were the two "  company men " who worked aboard the rig , but Sepulvado was ashore at the time of the blast for additional training on blowout preventers . He was replaced on the rig by Robert Kaluza , who invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination Tuesday when called to testify . Vidrine has been excused from testifying for medical reasons , the company said Monday night . The board released a list of more than 20 reported anomalies with the well in the 18 hours before the explosion , ranging from low pressure readings and larger-than-expected returns of "  mud , " the drilling fluid used as a counterweight and lubricant aboard the rig . Both Vidrine and Kaluza were involved in discussions about the anomalous pressure readings in the hours before the explosion , the according to the list . BP , rig owner Transocean and well cementing contractor Halliburton all blamed each other for the disaster . Previous hearings have included testimony about maintenance backlogs aboard the rig and disputes between BP and Transocean managers about procedures as they prepared to shut in the well , which was already behind schedule . Ross Skidmore , a subsea supervisor for BP contractor Swift , testified Tuesday he questioned why BP was waiting to install a "  lockdown sleeve " -- a fitting placed atop the well to secure the casing -- after drilling fluid was replaced with seawater for pressure tests . "  I asked why could n't we go ahead and do this in mud , " he said . In response , Skidmore said he was told "  It was n't going to happen . We were going to go through the sequence we were given . " Skidmore said he 's "  selective " about questioning his orders . But he added , "  If I would have seen something and recognized it as being unsafe or a threat , I would have taken it all the way into town . " This week 's hearings come as scientists continue testing pressure in BP 's ruptured deepwater well and weighing options for permanently sealing it . Even as lawyers and witnesses resist some questions before the panel , the hearings are providing dramatic details of what happened on the rig , and could form the basis for criminal charges down the line . A sworn statement from Deepwater Horizon Chief Engineer Steven Bertone sparked particularly heated debate Monday . In it , Bertone described the rig 's captain screaming at a crew member who issued a distress call and ordering an injured man left behind . Lawyers repeatedly attempted to ask Bertone about the document , which has not been publicly released . But his lawyer , Steven London , said the statement was made while his client was "  detained " aboard a rescue ship and told Bertone not to answer questions about it . "  This statement was obtained from him while he was held 26 hours right immediately after this incident , which was extremely traumatic to say the least , " London said . "  It is what it is . We 're not going to be cross-examined on something that occurred , that was written down at that time . " An attorney for rig captain Curt Kutcha criticized lawyers for introducing the statement . It was "  an attempt to assassinate his character in one aspect of what 's being done where all their lives were at risk , " attorney Kyle Schonekas said . But BP lawyer Richard Godfrey seized on the statement , saying it showed "  a complete loss of command and control aboard the bridge " after the explosions . Bertone also testified Monday that the rig 's bridge crew was unsure who had the authority to activate the rig 's emergency disconnection from the well . When it was activated , it failed to work despite indications on the control panel that it had been activated , he said . CNN Correspondent Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : Subsea supervisor questioned delay in installing "  lockdown sleeve " A control unit on the rig 's blowout preventer leaked hydraulic fluid , BP exec says MMS regulations require drilling to stop if control units do n't function A BP "  company man " takes the Fifth for a second time
Diyarbakir , Turkey  CNN  -- The empty anchorman 's chair in the small television studio said it all . Mehmet Ali Birand , Turkey 's most charismatic broadcaster , writer and political commentator had passed away . Birand was in his 70s . He had been battling cancer for years . But news of his death after undergoing gallbladder surgery in hospital still came as a shock . On Thursday night , a hush settled over a bustling restaurant in Diyarbakir when a waiter turned the TV up to hear the sad announcement . Only two days before , Birand had been broadcasting from behind that same desk . His eyes sparkled . He smiled as he spoke . He always performed in front of the camera with such energy . It looked like he was popping out of his chair . It 's tempting and lazy for me to describe Birand to foreigners as Turkey 's own "  Walter Cronkite . " But Birand was so charming , elegant and vibrant , it 's not fair to compare the veteran journalist to anyone else . With Birand 's passing , Turkey lost one of its most effective communicators -- not only to millions of Turks who watched his news broadcast on Kanal D every night , but also to foreigners like myself who struggle haplessly to explain this fascinating and sometimes frustrating country to the outside world . Birand had a remarkable way with words , even when he was n't conversing in his native Turkish or in French , which he insisted he spoke far better than English . "  Oh my God , the state has a very heavy hand ! " he exclaimed once , during a radio interview with me in 2007 . "  Once you are pursued , once you are sent to trial , everything changes . " We were discussing state persecution of journalists . It was something Birand knew intimately . In the 1990s , his reporting angered the army generals who once controlled so much of Turkey , and he says they sought to punish him for his disobedience . Years later , the subject kept coming up in our conversations every time a reporter was thrown in jail , every time a journalist was murdered -- even as the government denied involvement . "  We do n't have enough freedom in criticizing the government , criticizing the police , the security forces . That has to be changed , there is no way out , " Birand told me in 2010 . After the Armenian newspaper editor Hrant Dink was gunned down on an Istanbul street in 2007 , Birand told me he was now living with protection from a body guard . "  I 'm self-censoring , I do n't want to get into trouble , I do n't want to get shot . Unfortunately there is this possibility . I 'm afraid ! " he said . But Birand continued writing and broadcasting . Until about a year ago he was managing editor of CNN 's joint venture in Turkey , CNN Turk . Every week in his newspaper columns , he gently preached tolerance , urging his leaders and fellow citizens to approach disputes through dialogue rather than fury . His final column published in the English-language Hurriyet Daily News urged hot-headed Kurdish militants and heavy-handed Turkish cops to show restraint at a demonstration Thursday in Diyarbakir for three Kurdish political activists murdered in Paris . "  I want to be hopeful , " the veteran journalist wrote . As it turned out , the potentially-explosive Diyarbakir gathering passed peacefully , with no tear gas , gunfire or Molotov cocktails . Birand 's message of fairness won him supporters , even within the ranks of Turkey 's deeply alienated Kurdish youth . As crowds of Kurdish demonstrators dispersed after the memorial gathering on Thursday , a young Kurdish man approached my camera crew . "  Is Mehmet Ali Birand OK ? " he asked , with obvious concern . "  I heard he was in hospital . " I have been a little awestruck by Birand , ever since I first met him a decade ago when I was a foreign correspondent in my 20s . Last year I asked him what words of advice he might have for young Turkish journalists . "  One should not fear the government , especially the civilian government . We did not fear the military government . They should not fear the civilian government , " said Birand . "  Continue writing . Continue insisting on your views . Do n't panic . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Respected Turkish journalist Mehmet Ali Birand dies after operation During Turkey 's recent history he often angered national leaders "  We do n't have enough freedom in criticizing " powerbrokers , he said in 2010 His last published work included a plea for calm at a Kurdish demonstration
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo climbed from fourth on the grid to win the French MotoGP at a rain-soaked Le Mans on Sunday and take the lead in the championship . Riding his Yamaha flawlessly in the wet conditions , Lorenzo took the lead on the first lap and eventually finished 9.905 seconds clear of Valentino Rossi , who had the consolation of his best finish so far for Ducati . Rossi held off a determined Casey Stoner , who finished third in the week he announced he was quitting the sport at the end of the season . "  It was really difficult to hold concentration today , in the dry it 's complicated but in the wet it 's even more , " Lorenzo said . "  The race feels much longer and you have to remember where the corners are slippery every lap . If you forget one you can crash very easily . " Lorenzo , who won for the second time this season , leads the championship by eight points from Stoner . "  I was pretty happy to hold on for a podium today , " Stoner said . "  I enjoyed the battle with Valentino at the end , there was clean overtaking and we swapped positions a few times but in the end we knew that Valentino had better pace than us and after he passed there was no way I could stay with him . "  We did everything we could today and to come away with a podium is a good result . " Stoner 's Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa started on pole but ended up fourth , and is now 25 points adrift of Lorenzo . "  In the race I immediately realized it was not my day , not a day to take any risk and it was important to simply reach the best position , " Pedrosa said . Rossi managed to work his way from the third row of the grid to second . The seven-time MotoGP champion overtook Stoner on the final lap to record his best result since joining Ducati in 2011 . "  I 'm really , really happy , " Rossi said . "  We knew we had a special opportunity in the wet today , so I tried to ride perfectly and not throw it away . "  It was a great race and a nice , fun battle with Stoner to the last lap . Now our main goal is to take another step forward and make up some more tenths . "	Jorge Lorenzo wins the French MotoGP for his second victory of the season Valentino Rossi thrives in wet conditions to finish second for his best result for Ducati Casey Stoner is third in the week he announced his impending retirement Lorenzo leads the championship by eight points from Stoner
CNN  -- Bird populations native to several areas of the globe are in decline , with some teetering on the brink of extinction , according to a multi-agency report , the first of its kind , released Thursday . The Western meadowlark is an endangered bird species , according to a new report . But some other species are thriving , according to the "  State of the Birds " report , which credited conservation programs and waterfowl management initiatives that it said can serve as a model in other areas . "  Every U.S. habitat harbors birds in need of conservation , " said the report , issued by the Cornell University Lab of Ornithology in conjunction with federal agencies and other organizations . "  Hawaiian birds and ocean birds appear most at risk , with populations in danger of collapse if immediate conservation measures are not implemented . " Of the more than 800 species of birds in the United States , 67 are federally listed as endangered or threatened , the report said . Another 184 are "  species of conservation concern " because they have small distribution , are facing high threats or have a declining population . Hawaiian birds , particularly , are in crisis , the report said . More than one-third of all U.S. bird species are in Hawaii . However , 71 species have gone extinct since the islands were colonized about 300 A.D. , and 10 more species have not been seen in the past 40 years , contributing to fears they , too , have died out . Grassland and arid-land birds are showing the most rapid declines over the last four decades , while forest birds are also declining , the report said . "  Just as they were when Rachel Carson published ` Silent Spring ' nearly 50 years ago , birds today are a bellwether of the health of land , water and ecosystems , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said Thursday in a statement on the report . "  From shorebirds in New England to warblers in Michigan to songbirds in Hawaii , we are seeing disturbing downward population trends that should set off environmental alarm bells . We must work together now to ensure we never hear the deafening silence in our forests , fields and backyards that Rachel Carson warned us about . " The declines can be traced to a variety of factors , depending on a bird 's particular habitat . But the causes most frequently cited in the report are agriculture , climate change , development and energy , and invasive species . For instance , some of the nation 's fastest-growing cities -- Las Vegas , Nevada ; Phoenix , Arizona ; and San Diego , California -- are located in arid lands , the report said . "  Unplanned and sprawling urban development is by far the greatest threat to arid lands . " In addition , invasive non-native plants have been introduced into the area , which can fuel wildfires and destroy native plants . Bird species of concern in arid lands include the elf owl , Bendire 's and LeConte 's thrashers and the gilded flicker , the report said . Some , such as the California condor , are already listed as endangered or threatened . In the grasslands , intensified agricultural practices have hurt bird populations , according to the report . "  Pastures can not support many birds if overgrazed , burned too frequently or burned at the beginning of the nesting season or the end of the grass-growing season . " Also , public lands and parks are mowed too frequently and the grass kept too short to provide a habitat for birds , the reports said . Grassland birds showing marked population declines include the mountain plover , Eastern and Western meadowlarks , short-eared owls and Northern bobwhites . In the forest , some species are doing well , but roughly one-third of forest-breeding bird species are showing decline . The same is true for arctic and alpine birds , where 38 percent of the 85 species are of conservation concern , the report said . Game birds are also struggling . Of 19 resident game bird species , 47 percent are species of conservation concern , and two species are federally endangered , according to the report . The greatest hope for long-term management of game birds , however , lies in Farm Bill programs that retire millions of acres of land used for heavy agriculture , the report said . Along the coast and in the ocean , bird populations have been hurt by overfishing , pollution and climate change , among other factors , the report said . Each section of the report contains at least one "  reason for hope . " The California condor , for instance , has been reintroduced to some areas , and the bird 's numbers are growing . Urban birds , such as the American robin , hummingbirds , sparrows and woodpeckers , show a "  steady , strong increase " in the last 40 years . "  A surprising number of native birds have adapted to life around humans , " the report said . " ... The wide variety of native birds that thrive in urban areas underscores the importance of these artificial habitats to the survival of many bird populations . " Wetland bird populations remain below historic levels , but "  management and conservation measures have contributed to increases of many wetland birds , including hunted waterfowl . " Research shows that wetland bird species began to increase in the late 1970s , "  coinciding with major policy shifts from draining to protecting wetlands , " the report said . "  Dramatic increases in many wetland generalist species , as well as arctic-nesting geese and cavity-nesting ducks , contribute to this overall trend . " "  These results emphasize that investment in wetlands contribution has paid huge dividends , " said Kenneth Rosenberg , director of Conservation Science at the Cornell Lab or Ornithology . "  Now we need to invest similarly in other neglected habitats where birds are undergoing the steepest declines . " Taking action now -- particularly in the area of habitat loss -- can help reverse the declining trend seen in some species , according to the report . "  The number and scope of severe threats to birds is daunting , but implementing solutions immediately and widely will pay off in benefits to society , the economy and the health of our environment . " It calls for measures such as increased monitoring of bird populations , stricter protection laws , more incentives , sustainable fishing practices and widespread education . "  Citizen science plays a critical role in monitoring and understanding the threats to these birds and their habitats , and only citizen involvement can help address them , " said Greg Butcher , conservation director for the National Audubon Society . "  Conservation action can only make a real difference when concerned people support the kind of vital habitat restoration and protection measures this report explores . "	Report : Bird populations native to several areas of the globe are in decline Some species are teetering on the brink of extinction , report says Of the 800-plus species of birds in the U.S. , 67 are endangered or threatened Causes cited are agriculture , climate change , development and invasive species
CNN  -- Last week Airbus announced a squeeze which will make most frequent flyers groan , but today the European firm unveiled how passengers flying on its new A350 XWB might travel . Two test planes have been fitted out with full economy and business class interiors . The economy cabin has a nine-abreast configuration , with 18-inch wide seats , while business class has just four seats per row . Airbus boasts that the new , extra wide-body planes will have near-vertical walls and larger overhead baggage bins compared to its current fleet of aircraft . And for passengers with long legs , there should n't be any more issues with in-flight entertainment  IFE  boxes blocking the space under the seat in front of them ; Airbus has placed all the electronic boxes and connections under the floor . Another innovation is the full cabin LED lighting that Airbus says can offer a mind-boggling 16.7 million possible colors . "  Passenger comfort is an increasingly important differentiator for the airline industry , becoming a fundamental deciding factor driving passenger choice and business success , " said Chris Emerson , Senior Vice President of Marketing at Airbus . Read more : Would you pay to cut in line for toilets on a flight ? If cabin interiors are a deciding factor for passengers when choosing an airline , then Airbus has also tried to make it easier for airlines to customize them . It has also opened a one-stop interiors showroom and test center in Hamburg , Germany . The Customer Definition Center has mock-up interiors of the A350 XWB with a full range of materials and fourth generation IFE consoles , plus a virtual reality modeling tool to help airlines visualize their choices . Airbus says that 39 airlines have placed orders for 812 A350 XWB jets , with three versions offering passenger capacity between 276 and 369 seats . The first will be delivered to Qatar Airways later this year . The mid-size , long-range jet is set to go head-to-head with Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner and will be made of 53 % composite materials . According to Airbus it achieves a 25 % reduction in seat-mile costs and 25 % lower carbon dioxide emission than existing , similar sized aircraft . Are airline seats getting smaller or are you getting bigger ? Why Boeing and Airbus are cozying up to Asia 's budget airlines This plane has no window , but it 's really fast	Airbus show off the cabin configuration for its new A350 XWB jet Economy class has nine , 18 inch wide seats across each row Near straight cabin walls and larger overhead bins give the plane more space , says the manufacturer
CNN  -- An Ecuadorian appeals court upheld an $ 8.6 billion ruling against oil giant Chevron stemming from claims that the company had a detrimental impact on Amazonian communities where it operated . The judgment against Chevron is the latest in 19 years of litigation between Amazon residents and Texaco , which was later purchased by Chevron . A three-judge panel handed down the ruling Tuesday , nearly a year after receiving the case , the state-run Andes news agency reported . In addition , the appeals court ruled that Chevron must publicly apologize to Ecuador , and if it fails to do so , the fine will be doubled to nearly $ 18 billion , Andes reported . In a statement , Chevron said the appeals court ruling "  is another glaring example of the politicization and corruption of Ecuador 's judiciary that has plagued this fraudulent case from the start . " The company alleges that reports and evidence against it were fraudulent , and that bribes and corruption led to the original decision against it . "  Chevron does not believe that the Ecuador ruling is enforceable in any court that observes the rule of law . The company will continue to seek to hold accountable the perpetrators of this fraud , " the company said in a statement . When an Ecuadorian court handed down the original ruling last year , both Chevron and the Amazonian residents appealed . Chevron argued the verdict was the product of fraud and the plaintiffs said the size of the award was too small in comparison to what would be needed to do a real clean-up . The case , Aguinda v. ChevronTexaco , was originally filed in New York in 1993 on behalf of 30,000 inhabitants of Ecuador 's Amazon region . The suit was eventually transferred to the Ecuadorian court and Ecuadorian jurisdiction . The lawsuit alleges that Texaco used a variety of substandard production practices in Ecuador that resulted in pollution that decimated several indigenous groups in the area , according to a fact sheet provided by the Amazon Defense Coalition . According to the group , Texaco dumped more than 18 billion gallons of toxic waste into Amazon waterways , abandoned more than 900 waste pits , burned millions of cubic meters of gases with no controls and spilled more than 17 million gallons of oil due to pipeline ruptures . Cancer and other health problems were reported at higher rates in the area , the group says . Chevron says Texaco was partnered with an Ecuadorian oil company when it operated in Ecuador , and that it spent $ 40 million on remediation efforts to clean up roughly one-third of the sites in which it worked -- an amount reflective of its 37 % share of the oil-producing consortium with Petroecuador . It says its cleanup efforts were certified and approved by the Ecuardorian government and blames Petroecuador for any ongoing pollution at sites where it was the sole operator , according to documents on the Chevron website regarding the lawsuit and its history of operations in the South American country .	An Ecuadorian appeals court upheld the ruling against Chevron The fine will double if Chevron does not apologize The company says the case is fraudulent It does not believe the ruling is enforceable
CNN  -- Mike Myers ' "  Love Guru " may speak of "  yin and yang , " but the Hollywood version of bad balanced by good might be the Razzies and the Oscars . Mike Myers ' "  The Love Guru " was one of the year 's biggest bombs . The day before the Motion Picture Academy releases the Oscar nominations -- honoring the movie industry 's best -- the Golden Raspberry Award foundation reveals nominations for the Razzies , which recognize the worst films of 2008 . And in 2008 , Razzie founder and self-styled "  Head Raspberry " John Wilson said , the bad seemed to outweigh the good among the 578 movies released . "  We are saying that it was n't just the economy that tanked , " Wilson said . "  So did the quality of the movies being offered to those of us who do n't have as much money to buy tickets . " "  All of the voting was very close this year , " he said . "  There just was too much stuff to choose from . " The bumper crop of "  putrid motion pictures " may be partly a result of last spring 's writers ' strike "  when nobody was rewriting , polishing or improving anything and it was still getting filmed , " Wilson said . Bombs also happen when studios hedge their bets with high-priced stars by having them "  do what worked before , coming back to same well . " Which brings us back to Myers ' "  Love Guru , " which followed his hugely profitable "  Austin Powers " franchise . Myers ' portrayal of "  a platitude-spouting mystic " leads the Razzie list for worst picture , Wilson said . It may also have been the biggest box office bomb : the film , expected to be a summer hit , lost $ 30 million , he said . Other worst picture nominees include "  Disaster Movie " and "  Meet the Spartans " -- both featuring the same writer-directors and essentially the same cast . The latter film "  somehow managed to work references to Britney Spears into an ancient Spartan ` plot , ' " Wilson said . Also competing for the top dishonor is "  The Happening , " which Wilson described as "  an eco-disaster tale whose ` villain ' drew more guffaws than gasps , " and Paris Hilton 's "  The Hottie and the Nottie , " which earned three Razzie nominations overall . "  She really is neither a movie star or an actress , " Wilson said of Hilton . The movie -- for which Hilton was listed as executive producer -- sold only $ 27,000 in tickets but cost about $ 2 million to make . Other Razzie nominees include actor-comedian Eddie Murphy , who received two nominations for "  Meet Dave " ; Oscar winner Al Pacino , who earned a Razzie nod for making "  two rotten movies this year , " in Wilson 's words  he 's referring to "  88 Minutes " and "  Righteous Kill "  ; and "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , " which was singled out as "  Worst Prequel , Remake , Rip-Off or Sequel . " Despite the opinions of Wilson and the Razzie voters , it was the year 's third-highest-grossing movie . And a rare Razzie for "  Worst Career Achievement " will go to "  Bad Movie Uber-Meister " Uwe Boll for "  In the Name of the King , " Wilson said . The film , based on a video game , had a $ 60 million budget , yet brought in under $ 5 million at the box office , he said . Wilson said he began the Razzies in 1981 as a counterpoint to the Oscars . It takes guts to show up in person to accept a Razzie , but some notable actors have embraced the infamy , Wilson said . Tom Green , who made "  a horrible little thing called ` Freddy Got Fingered ' " several years ago , "  insisted that he made the film with the intent of sweeping the Razzie Awards , " Wilson said . Green showed up to accept his three awards with great enthusiasm , he said . "  At the end of the ceremony , he launched into a harmonica solo and we had to pry his hands off the podium and physically remove him from the stage , " Wilson said . The classiest and most memorable acceptance speech came in 2005 when Halle Berry showed up to get her worst actress Razzie for her "  Catwoman " performance . Berry , who won a best actress Oscar for "  Monster 's Ball " in 2001 , was given a one-minute standing ovation , Wilson said . "  She had her Oscar in one hand and her Razzie in the other , " Wilson said . Berry 's speech was a parody of her Academy Award acceptance and "  she was quite funny , " he said . "  She said that her mother had taught her that if you can not accept valid criticism , you also , by the same token , are not entitled to bask in the glory when you get the good reviews , " he said . The appearance and her sense of humor earned Berry a lot of respect , he said . The awards show -- a "  shorter parody " of the Oscars -- can be seen only by members and journalists in person at the Barnsdall Gallery Theatre in Hollywood on February 21 . It can not be televised or streamed online because studios would likely withhold permission for clips used in the presentation to be shown , Wilson said . Unlike the Oscars and other honors , Golden Raspberry Awards are not meant as recommendations for people to rent the DVDs , Wilson said . "  If you were going to do that , I would suggest you put away all sharp implements before putting the DVDs in your machine , " he said .	Razzie Awards , honoring Hollywood 's worst , are a counterpoint to Oscars Among this year 's leaders : Mike Myers ' "  The Love Guru " "  Bad Movie Uber-Meister " Uwe Boll will receive Razzie for career achievement
CNN  -- Libya 's government on Tuesday appealed a request from the International Criminal Court to hand over Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , saying it should be given more time to make its own case . Gadhafi , son of deposed strongman Moammar Gadhafi , was facing an arrest warrant from the ICC for alleged crimes against humanity at the time of his capture , and the court is still seeking to prosecute him . Officials with the ICC , based at The Hague in the Netherlands , said Thursday that Libya must make arrangements to hand him over immediately . He has been held in the Libyan city of Zintan since his capture in November . But the Libyan government said in its appeal filing Tuesday that legally , the ICC was wrong to turn down its request for a postponement to surrender Gadhafi . Libyan authorities intend to file a challenge to the ICC case , which should be considered before it 's decided when he must be handed over , the appeal document says . The Libyan government wants to prosecute Gadhafi itself , as it "  regards the trial of Saif al-Islam and Abdullah al-Senussi as a matter of the highest national importance , not only in bringing justice for the Libyan people but also in demonstrating that the new Libyan justice system is capable of conducting fair trials  that meet all applicable international standards  in complex cases , " it says . Al-Senussi , who was Libya 's chief of intelligence under the Gadhafi regime , is wanted by both the ICC and the Libyan government . He was arrested in Mauritania last month . The appeal document also seeks to answer ICC concerns about Saif al-Islam Gadhafi 's well-being , saying the government "  has expended considerable resources in order to ensure the safe and secure temporary custody " of Gadhafi in Zintan and is negotiating to bring him to the capital , where facilities would be better . ICC defense lawyers said last week that the son of Libya 's deposed leader has been mistreated and "  physically attacked " since his capture . Gadhafi is in a "  legal black hole , " held for 139 days in "  total isolation " except for visits from officials , his ICC-appointed defense said in a strongly worded statement . He also suffers dental pain because he has n't had treatment , and Libyan authorities have given him nothing to remedy the pain , lawyers Xavier-Jean Keita and Melinda Taylor said . "  At no point have the Libyan authorities been legally justified in their failure to surrender him to the ICC , " the lawyers said . "  The brutal death of Moammar Gadhafi deprived the Libyan people of their right to justice and their right to the truth . It would be a travesty for the prospects of a free and fair Libyan state if the same were to occur to his son , " they said . Keita said Gadhafi had also been given misleading information about the severity of the allegations against him . ICC prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo said it is possible that the court will allow Libya to proceed with its case if the Libyans explain their plans . "  According to the rules , Libya has the primacy to prosecute Saif , so if they present this to the International Criminal Court judges , probably they will get an approval , " Moreno-Ocampo said Thursday . "  That 's the system . The system is the primacy for the national judges . " Amnesty International called on Libya to hand over Gadhafi at once in light of the ICC statement . "  An unfair trial before a Libyan court where the accused could face the death penalty is no way to guarantee justice and accountability , " the rights group said . Amnesty said Libya did not have a functioning court system and the country was "  unable to conduct effective investigations , " so "  the ICC will be crucial in delivering accountability in Libya . " Libya and the ICC have been going back and forth since his capture about where Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , once his father 's heir apparent , will be tried . After visiting Gadhafi in custody last year , Human Rights Watch said that he should have a lawyer . But Interior Minister Fawzy Abdilal implied in February that he had not asked for one . "  He may have a lawyer if he asks for a lawyer , " the interior minister told CNN . "  Should Saif demand a lawyer , then a lawyer would be provided . " Moammar Gadhafi died after his capture by opposition forces last October . CNN 's Bharati Naik and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	International Criminal Court is wrong to ask for Saif al-Islam Gadhafi 's surrender , Libya says Libyan authorities want to try the son of late strongman Moammar Gadhafi in Libya ICC defense lawyers say Gadhafi has been mistreated and should be handed over now Libya and the ICC have been arguing over his case since his arrest last November
CNN Student News  -- Students will investigate the contributions of Hispanic Americans to U.S. culture , and what it means to be an Hispanic in America today . Procedure Point out to students that Hispanic Heritage Month  September 15 - October 15  celebrates the culture and traditions of those who trace their roots to Spain , Mexico and the Spanish-speaking nations of Central America , South America and the Caribbean . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , "  September 15 was chosen as the starting point for the celebration because it is the anniversary of independence of five Latin American countries : Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua . In addition , Mexico and Chile celebrate their independence days on September 16 and September 18 , respectively . " In observance of Hispanic Heritage Month , send student groups on a multimedia scavenger hunt to investigate how Hispanic Americans have contributed to U.S. culture , and the opportunities and challenges that exist for Hispanics in America today . Pose the following questions to guide students ' research : 1 . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , what is the estimated Hispanic population of the United States ? What percent of the total U.S. population does this number represent ? 2 . What aspects of Hispanic culture can be found in the U.S ? 3 . Who are some Hispanic Americans who have had an impact in U.S. politics and government ? 4 . Who are some famous Hispanic-American musicians , artists , writers and actors ? How have they impacted U.S. culture ? 5 . What Hispanic businesses exist in your community and other parts of the U.S. ? How have these businesses contributed to the U.S. economy ? 6 . What issues have you seen or heard about in recent news that are of interest to the Hispanic community ? Have groups share and discuss their findings with the class . Extension Instruct each student to interview several Hispanic-American teens and adults to get their responses to the following question : What would you like other Americans to know about what it means to be Hispanic in America today ? Have students summarize the interviewees ' responses and share them with the class . Correlated Standards Social Studies I. Culture Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of culture and cultural diversity . V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/ are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org  .	Students will investigate how Hispanic Americans have contributed to U.S. culture Students will identify opportunities and challenges that exist for Hispanics in America
CNN  -- It speaks volumes that America 's government could be shut down with its leaders blaming one another for bringing the country to the edge of the economic abyss , and the response of much of the world , including the leading financial markets , would essentially be a yawn . The most stunning thing about this first shutdown of the U.S. government in almost two decades is the degree to which it is a nonevent , considered par for the course given the sad state of affairs in the nation 's capital . Voters may be angry . They may be depressed . But there are no mass demonstrations . Congress ' approval rating may have hit new lows , but beyond that , the response has been a shrug . Here in Washington , traffic is still lousy . Lobbyists still schmooze over restaurant breakfast tables . People shake their heads in disgust . But no one even bothers to feign surprise . Speaking with institutional investors , I was struck to hear that they , too , consider this episode to be not much different from the histrionics of an unhappy child . Even financial professionals , whose world and well-being would be rocked by the cataclysm that would be triggered by America 's failure to pay its debts , have not reacted with panic .  Today , during and after House Speaker John Boehner ` sdefiant press conference , which seemed to presage a drawn-out crisis , the Dow Jones Industrial Average barely budged , remaining slightly positive throughout . When financial professionals are asked why they remain calm , they say that someone will blink because someone always blinks . And they say if nobody blinks , perhaps a brief market spike downward would serve as a wake-up call to reason . But more important , nearly all those with whom I spoke believe the United States wo n't default even if the debt ceiling is n't lifted because there are ways the president can keep the checks going out -- such as simply paying the debt out of available cash and holding back on other payments not tied to the "  full faith and credit of the U.S. government . " The result is that rather than action , this pathetic standoff has produced a lot of media sound and fury signifying , just as Shakespeare once observed , nothing . Interested observers are understandably depressed , legitimately concerned that we have lost our mojo as a country , that this is a sign of decline , based on the fact that at this moment in U.S. history , our government just does n't work . Although this is primarily the fault of the GOP and notably and undeniably a tiny fraction of crackpots within the party who are throwing a public tantrum because they did n't get their way on health care reform , it is equally undeniable that both parties have contributed to the pitiful state of a democratic system that was once a shining example to the world . Both parties are responsible for the gerrymandering that has produced a modern political reality in which the vast majority of members of Congress are in safe districts and never feel pressure from opposing views . They have no reason ever to compromise and , indeed , are penalized for doing so because their future depends on primary wins , and they see those who vote in primaries -- the most extreme members of the party faithful -- as the group to whom they must answer . Both parties have engineered and failed to challenge the corrupt campaign finance system that gives check writers power over law writers and undercuts the most basic principles of equity in democracy . Both parties have contributed to the shrillness of the debate . Both parties have used antiquated Senate rules to block progress by their opponents and the confirmation of nominees of presidents they oppose . And both have done these things for so long now that these flaws in our system are seen as enduring and impermeable to change . In the end , this is not a problem of a government shutdown or even of the impending breach of the debt ceiling , certainly not about the nonsense spewing from obstructionist tea party clowns who claim it is about defending "  individual liberties . " It is also not as simple as refusing to negotiate with political hostage takers as the president suggests , although he is absolutely right to resist their crude techniques . Rather , it is a governance crisis of the first order , one in which the solution can only be massive system-wide reform . It 's a crisis that shows itself not just in the petty squabbles of elites , nor in the lack of a serious discussion about addressing the real problems confronting the country , but is best illustrated by the cynicism and relative indifference of the electorate . They are not protesting , not voting out the bastards . Rather , most disturbingly , they are saying , "  We do n't believe you any more and we are starting not to care . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : It 's alarming the shutdown is seen as a nonevent and par for the course No mass demonstrations , he says , and even financial professionals are n't panicked Rothkopf : This is a depressing sign of decline : Our government is dysfunctional He 's says it 's really a severe governance crisis showing we need system-wide reform
CNN  -- The government shutdown in Minnesota could drag on for days as a spokeswoman for Gov. Mark Dayton said talks probably wo n't happen until after the July 4 holiday . "  I do not expect formal meetings to resume before Tuesday , " Katharine Tinucci said in an e-mail Saturday night . The Minnesota government was forced to shut down Friday for the second time in six years after lawmakers failed to reach a budget agreement before a midnight Thursday deadline . That left thousands of people without jobs to go . State parks , the Minnesota Zoo and more than 80 rest stops are among the places shut down . Gov. Mark Dayton held a news conference to announce an impasse in budget talks two hours before the deadline , saying the night was a one of "  deep sorrow for me . " The governor , a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor party wants to raise taxes on the wealthiest 1.9 % of Minnesotans , as well as cut spending . Republicans accused the governor of giving up too soon . Senate Majority Leader Amy Koch said in a statement issued by her office Friday that Republicans had "  100 matched " some of Dayton 's funding requests . She called the governor 's decision a "  major disappointment . " "  We met several times in order to bridge the gap between our differences over more complicated areas of the budget and left thinking that a budget agreement was imminent , " she said . "  Unfortunately , Gov. Dayton has chosen to prioritize his rigid , tax-and-spend ideology , rather than prioritize the best interests of Minnesotans . " Republicans had proposed passing a temporary funding bill while they worked out their remaining differences with Dayton . "  This is very disappointing , very disheartening , " House Speaker Kurt Zellers said after Dayton 's news conference . Zellers told reporters that budget talks were much closer than Dayton previously said . The state Democratic-Farmer-Labor party blamed Republicans for the shutdown , accusing them of stubbornly favoring millionaires over other Minnesota residents . "  Minnesotans deserve more than what the GOP has forced upon them with this government shutdown , " party chair Ken Martin said in a statement . "  Our state 's residents deserve much more than the devastating cuts to education , health care , public safety , and other vital services that the Republicans are digging in their heels to enact . " The last government shutdown was in 2005 , when Tim Pawlenty was governor . The shutdown means the closure of 46 state boards and agencies , with minimal staffing at 29 others , according to CNN affiliate WCCO . Emergency and disaster agencies , Minnesota State Patrol , the state court system and the prison system are a few of the agencies that will remain open . CNN 's Chris Welch and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report	Thousands ca n't go to their jobs , and various state offices and facilities are closed Republican and Democrat-Farmer-Labor leaders blame each other for shutdown The Minnesota government is shut down for the second time in six years
CNN  -- How annoying and frustrating have calls from telemarketers , and robocalls pitching useless and sometimes fraudulent services , become ? How much daily irritation in millions of American households have the endless calls been causing ? Enough that the federal government , this month , offered a $ 50,000 cash reward to the citizen who comes up with the best technical solution for blocking illegal commercial robocalls on landlines and mobile phones . Seriously . In announcing the reward , David Vladeck , director of the Federal Trade Commission 's Bureau of Consumer Protection , said that the person who devises a way to get rid of the calls "  will become a national hero . " The robocalls , aggressively attempting to sell unasked-for products and services to people who are quietly sitting around their homes , are like cockroaches : irritating , despised , always multiplying , seemingly indestructible and undefeatable . Not that no one is trying . According to the FTC , "  During the last two years the FTC has stopped companies responsible for billions of robocalls that offered everything from fraudulent credit card services and so-called auto warranty protection to grant procurement programs . But the number of robocall complaints continues to rise as new technologies enable telemarketers to auto-dial thousands of phone calls every minute that display false or misleading caller ID information for an incredibly low cost . " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , in proposing legislation that would dramatically increase the penalties for making harassing telemarketing calls to people 's homes , has said : "  A family has the right to get through dinner without constantly being interrupted by phone calls from mortgage companies , credit card firms or , even worse , scammers . " Schumer has proposed fining telemarketers $ 20,000 each time a call is made to a phone number whose owner has registered it with a do-not-call list . Telemarketing calls and robocalls to landlines on behalf of political candidates , by the way , are permitted under federal regulations ; some states have passed their own laws in an effort to restrict those political calls . The federal Do Not Call Registry , which was instituted in 2003 , has , on paper , been a remarkable success . According to the FTC , more than 217 million telephone numbers are on the registry . But complaints about unwanted marketing calls continue to go up . Last year , more than 3.8 million people filed formal complaints about receiving telemarketing calls and commercial robocalls . I spoke with the FTC 's point person on robocalls and harassing telemarketing calls : Lois Greisman , the director of the agency 's Division of Marketing Practices in the Bureau of Consumer Protection . She said the robocalls , including ones initiated by criminal scammers , are proliferating because "  it 's becoming cheaper and cheaper to do this  automated  voice blasting . " The reason that families who have listed their telephone numbers with the Do Not Call Registry continue to receive the marketing calls , she said , is that "  the people sending out the calls are acting illegally , and they have no intention of complying with the law . " She made a distinction between legitimate companies who do telephone marketing and heed the Do Not Call Registry , and firms that do not : "  Fraudulent telemarketers never were going to comply . " This raises the question of why it should be up to individuals and families to register on a do-not-call list : Is there anyone in this country who actually enjoys hearing from strangers on the telephone trying to sell them things ? Who eagerly awaits unsolicited calls seeking money and personal information ? Greisman said that "  enormous law-enforcement focus " is being given to the fraudulent telemarketers . I asked her if there really were enough people answering their phones and giving money to the robocall companies to make it worth the telemarketers ' efforts : Do these companies make significant profits ? "  They would n't be doing it if they did n't , " she said . "  They are n't in the business of charity . " She said that the cockroach analogy did n't go far enough : "  This is n't just a nuisance . This is economic injury to the people being duped . " I asked her if she -- the federal official who spends her days working against the robocallers -- receives the calls at her own home . "  Yes , " she said . And , she said , not only at her home : She receives them on her government-issued cell phone . Which raises an intriguing , if unlikely , scenario : Maybe if the seemingly unstoppable robocalls somehow made it through to a residence at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington , the annoyance and anger that accompany them might be what it would take to finally start the demise of the scam callers . Remember that political ad of Hillary Clinton 's , about a phone ringing in the White House at 3 a.m. ? What if the president were to pick up that ringing telephone in the middle of the night , and be greeted by an automated voice asking him if he 'd like to lower his mortgage rates ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Telemarketers , robocalls so irritating that FTC has offered cash for solution The FTC says it 's stemmed robocall scams , but robocalls still on rise , a scourge of home life Last year , more than 3.8 million people filed formal complaints about them , says Greene Greene : If the president got calls from obnoxious telemarketers , maybe they 'd be ended
CNN  -- Two U.S. journalists who had been detained by North Korea were traveling back to the United States with former President Clinton hours after being pardoned , a Clinton spokesman said . Former President Clinton meets Tuesday with North Korea leader Kim Jong Il . "  They are en route to Los Angeles -LSB- California -RSB- where Laura and Euna will be reunited with their families , " said spokesman Matt McKenna . Doug Ling , Laura 's father , reacted to the news outside his home in Carmichael , California , with , "  One of the best days in my life ... I figured , sooner or later , they 'd be back . " In Los Angeles , family friend Welly Yang said the Ling family had "  done everything they could , while respecting the North Korean government , to try and get Laura home . " He predicted that Ling would remain a journalist . "  Despite this terrifying experience , I ca n't imagine that Laura would give up her passion to tell stories that otherwise would n't be heard . " Their release Wednesday came after Clinton met with top government officials in Pyongyang . "  Clinton expressed words of sincere apology to Kim Jong Il for the hostile acts committed by the two American journalists against the DPRK after illegally intruding into it , " the news agency reported . "  Clinton courteously conveyed to Kim Jong Il an earnest request of the U.S. government to leniently pardon them and send them back home from a humanitarian point of view . "  The meetings had candid and in-depth discussions on the pending issues between the DPRK and the U.S. in a sincere atmosphere and reached a consensus of views on seeking a negotiated settlement of them . " Watch Ling 's father welcome his daughter 's pardon " The report said Clinton then conveyed a message from President Obama "  expressing profound thanks for this and reflecting views on ways of improving the relations between the two countries . " But White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters in Washington before the announced agreement that Clinton was not carrying any message -- written or oral -- from Obama . Gibbs added that the former president last spoke with Obama during a White House visit in March . He described Clinton 's trip as a "  solely private mission to secure the release of two Americans . " The report from the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the nation 's official name , described the agreement to release the journalists as "  a manifestation of the DPRK 's humanitarian and peace-loving policy . "  The DPRK visit of Clinton and his party will contribute to deepening the understanding between the DPRK and the U.S. and building the bilateral confidence . " Ling and Lee are reporters for California-based Current TV -- a media venture launched by Clinton 's former vice president , Al Gore . The women were arrested in March while reporting from the border between North Korea and China for California-based Current Media and sentenced in June to 12 years in prison on charges of entering the country illegally to conduct a smear campaign . Because the United States has no diplomatic relations with North Korea , efforts to resolve the issue had been handled through Sweden , which represents U.S. interests in Pyongyang . "  We want to thank the Obama administration for its continuous and determined efforts to achieve this outcome , and President Clinton for his willingness to undertake this mission , " Current Media co-founders Gore and Joel Hyatt said in a written statement . "  All of us at Current are overjoyed at Laura and Euna 's safe return . Our hearts go out to them -- and to their families -- for persevering through this horrible experience . " The visit by the former president , whose wife , Hillary Clinton , is the Obama administration 's secretary of state , came about three weeks after the United States dropped a request that Ling and Lee be released on humanitarian grounds . Instead , the United States was seeking amnesty for the women , Hillary Clinton said . Watch what may lie behind the pick of Bill Clinton " Clinton 's mission came as the United States and its allies in the region are seeking to persuade North Korea to return to nuclear disarmament talks , which have stalled . North Korea conducted its second nuclear bomb test in May and has conducted several missile tests since . The United Nations has responded to those tests by tightening and expanding sanctions on the nation . North Korea and the United States were on opposite sides in the 1950-1953 Korean War and had no regular contacts before a 1994 crisis over North Korea 's nuclear program . North Korea agreed then to halt the development of nuclear weapons but abandoned that accord and withdrew from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2003 . Former President Clinton had considered visiting North Korea in 2000 near the end of his second term as president . His secretary of state , Madeleine Albright , had gone to Pyongyang in early 2000 to meet with Kim . The 67-year-old North Korean leader is widely reported to have suffered a stroke a year ago and is believed to be grooming his youngest son , Kim Jon Un , as his successor . CNN 's Elaine Quijano , Charlie Moore and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Laura Ling , Euna Lee pardoned , leave country with Bill Clinton Clinton negotiates pardon with leader Kim Jong Il "  Clinton expressed sincere words of apology , " North Korea says Visit comes amid tension over North Korea 's nuclear program
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel 's new hard-line foreign minister immediately distanced himself Wednesday from the 2007 relaunch of peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians adopted by his predecessor , Tzipi Livni . Avigdor Lieberman 's remarks come amid concerns about the new Israeli government 's view of the peace process . Avigdor Lieberman , leader of the far-right Yisrael Beytenu movement , said the Annapolis agreement was never adopted by Israel 's government and is not binding . He said Israel is bound to follow the "  road map " process , started earlier this decade . The road map , put together by the Mideast Quartet -- composed of the European Union , Russia , the United Nations and the United States -- calls on Israel to stop settlement building and Palestinians to stop terrorism . The Annapolis Peace Conference , held in November 2007 in Annapolis , Maryland , brought together Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to discuss a joint statement signed by the two Mideast leaders and U.S. President George W. Bush calling for a two-state solution . State Department spokesman Gordon Duguid said Wednesday that the United States stands by what was achieved at the Annapolis talks and supports "  the two-state solution , and we will continue to work for that . " Of the differences between U.S. policy and statements by the new Israel government , Duguid said , "  We have n't heard their proposals yet . We have n't sat down with them . " But Israelis generally have become frustrated with the peace processes and have moved to the right in recent years , because of the war with Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Hamas rocket attacks on southern Israeli cities that sparked the country 's Gaza offensive . Yisrael Beytenu , which had a successful showing in recent elections and has become a major power in Israeli party politics , is a beneficiary of that right-wing trend . Lieberman made the remarks in front of Livni during the handover ceremony at the Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem . He took office after the formation of a new government led by Benjamin Netanyahu . Palestinian officials have been critical of Lieberman 's positions on Israeli-Palestinian matters and are pessimistic about the new government 's will in forging the necessary compromises to reach a peace . Netanyahu "  does not believe in peace , " Abbas said Wednesday , according to a report from WAFA , the Palestinian Authority 's news agency . He urged the world to put pressure on the new Israeli prime minister to make peace . Lieberman 's remarks underscore concerns about the Israeli government 's way forward regarding peace talks . They come a day after Netanyahu made conciliatory comments about relations with the Palestinians but stopped short of endorsing a two-state solution , the end result foreseen in both the road map and the Annapolis processes . Abbas was also quoted as saying , "  Netanyahu never believed in a two-state solution or accepted signed agreements and does not want to stop settlement activity . This is obvious . " Israeli President Shimon Peres , presiding over the prime minister 's changeover ceremony , made reference to the importance of the two-state vision . "  In parallel with the strengthening of Israel 's security , the government under your leadership must invest great effort in advancing the peace process on every front , " Peres told Lieberman . "  The outgoing government espoused the vision of two states , for two peoples , which was initiated by the American government and accepted by the majority of countries in the world . It is up to your government to decide the shape of the reality to come . " Lieberman called Egypt a key player in the region and said it has a major role in quelling the instability there . He criticized Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last year because the Egyptian leader has never visited Israel . At that time , Lieberman said , "  if he wants to talk to us , he should come here . If he does n't want to come here , he can go to hell . " His remarks drew widespread criticism in Egypt and the Arab world . Lieberman said Wednesday that he expected to be invited to visit Egypt and expected that country 's representatives to visit the Jewish state . Egypt and Jordan are the only Arab League countries to have full diplomatic relations with Israel . The prime minister 's office said Wednesday that U.S. President Obama and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin phoned Netanyahu to congratulate him . Both leaders agreed to meet soon with the new Israeli prime minister . The office said Obama repeated America 's unqualified commitment to Israel 's security , and it characterized the half-an-hour conversation between Obama and Netanyahu as "  friendly and constructive . " Duguid said , "  Israel is a close friend and ally , and we remain unalterably committed to Israel 's security . " "  We will work closely with Prime Minister Netanyahu 's government to advance the cause of peace and stability in the Middle East and move the parties in the direction of a two-state solution . We have full confidence in and will continue to support the government of Israel and we will work together for durable and lasting peace in the region . " Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have handed off day-to-day work on the Middle East to special envoy George Mitchell , the former Maine senator who is a veteran of peace negotiations in Northern Ireland .	Israel is bound to follow "  road map " process instead , he says Annapolis Peace Conference deal is n't binding , Lieberman says State Department says U.S. stands by Annapolis talks Palestinian officials skeptical of new government 's views on peace process
CNN  -- China 's giant pandas are believed to be safe after Monday 's earthquake , but concern is growing over how they will get their next meals . Questions remain about whether infrastructure damage will harm the giant pandas ' supply of bamboo . Authorities confirmed Tuesday that captive animals in two of China 's major panda reserves were alive , according to Xinhua , China 's official news agency . The Wolong Giant Panda Reserve Center in southwest Sichuan province is home to about 86 giant pandas , who were reported safe Tuesday . Staff and critters at neighboring Chengdu Panda Breeding and Research Center were also reported safe , according to a spokesperson for the Atlanta Zoo , which has two pandas on loan from the wildlife reserve . Concern arose in the international wildlife community over damage to the animals ' habitat , as authorities continued assessing the scope of damage in the Sichuan province . The mountainous , densely wooded region is the natural habitat for most of the 1,200 giant pandas living in the wild , making it an obvious location for research bases like Wolong and Chengdu . Giant pandas roam the forest in "  open cages " that are meant to provide them with a safe , natural environment that will prepare them for release . With the safety of the pandas confirmed , the animals ' caregivers are left to determine how resources like food and medical supplies will reach the bases , which contain breeding facilities and triage centers . Bamboo , the pandas ' primary source of food , is a major agricultural product in the region , but whether it can be supplied to the pandas despite infrastructure damage is open to question . "  Wolong is hard to access under normal conditions , so the heavy road damage makes it even harder , " said Kerry Zobor , spokeswoman for the World Wildlife Fund . Zobor said the WWF had confirmed the safety of staff members based in Beijing but had not received word on the conditions in Wolong . She said the WWF was also concerned about members who had been touring the country when the earthquake struck . The group has not been located . Scientists in the United States are hopeful that Chinese researchers will adapt to the situation facing them . David Wildt with the Smithsonian 's National Zoological Park in Washington says scientists in Wolong have overcome threats to the giant panda population before . In the late 1990s , the captive giant panda population was in decline , with more animals dying than were born , Wildt said . Thanks to a collaborative effort with American scientists , the Wolong staff was able to reverse the trend . "  Our Chinese colleagues are very perceptive when it comes to addressing problems , " said Wildt , who has visited Wolong many times as part of the Smithsonian 's affiliation with the research base . "  Because of their efforts , the population is on the rise today . " Wildt said that Chinese scientists have also addressed the issue of alternative food sources . "  Artificial diets in the form of protein biscuits have been created for giant pandas . They 're not a complete substitute , but they meet the needs of a basic high-fiber diet , " said Wildt , who has worked with two pandas that the Smithsonian has on loan from Wolong . "  Right now , we 're mostly concerned about the staff . If the staff is fine , then the animals will be fine , " Wildt said .	Report : Chinese authorities confirm that captive giant pandas are safe Concerns grow over road accessibility to the reserves Scientist : Alternative foods exist in the event of depleted bamboo stocks
CNN  -- An unmanned moon lander under development crashed and blew up during an engine test Thursday afternoon at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center , the space agency reported . There were no injuries in the failed test of the lander , dubbed "  Morpheus . " The craft had gone through several previous exercises in which it was hung from a crane , but Thursday was to have been its first free flight . Instead , the prototype rose a short distance , rolled over and slammed into the ground . The craft caught fire immediately and exploded about 30 seconds later . "  The vehicle itself is lost , " Jon Olansen , the Morpheus project manager , told reporters . "  But we are working currently on gathering more data and information to understand what occurred in the test and how we can learn from it and move forward . " Read more about space and science on CNN 's Light Years blog Olansen said operators have recovered memory devices from the wreckage and will be pulling the data off of them for clues to the cause of the accident . "  From early indications , it seems to be within our guidance navigation control system , seems to point toward hardware , " Olansen said . In a written statement , NASA said failure is "  part of the development process for any complex spaceflight hardware , " and designers will learn from whatever caused Thursday 's crash . The Morpheus lander is designed to carry up to 1,100 pounds of cargo for a future moon mission . Its engines are fueled partly by methane , which the agency says is easier to handle and store than other propellants such as liquid hydrogen or hydrazine . Olansen said the space agency has spent about $ 7 million on the project over two and a half years , and the test lander lost Thursday was "  in the $ 500,000 class . " Another one is currently under construction at the Johnson Space Center in Houston and may be complete in two to three months . "  We want to make sure that what we learn today gets applied to that next vehicle , " he said . Opinion : Why I love Mars CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The vehicle itself is lost , " program chief says NEW : Operators are recovering data from the crashed lander The unmanned Morpheus is designed to carry cargo to the moon NASA calls failed tests "  part of the development process "
CNN  -- Mount Redoubt volcano in southern Alaska erupted four times on Friday , shooting ash as high as 51,000 feet , scientists said . A series of eruptions has been rattling Alaska 's Mount Redoubt volcano since Sunday . The latest eruption took place at 8:30 p.m.  12:30 a.m. Saturday ET  , according to the National Weather Service . That eruption followed three other ones earlier Friday . The eruptions are the latest in a series that began Sunday . The Alaska Volcano Observatory said the alert level remains at its highest possible designation -- red -- indicating that an eruption is under way or imminent and that the eruption will produce a "  significant emission of volcanic ash into the atmosphere . " The weather service said the ash is drifting north and northeast . However , only "  very light " amounts are expected to fall Friday in the Anchorage area , about 100 miles east-northeast of the volcano . Alaska Airlines limited flights to and from Anchorage on Friday , according to the airline 's Web site . It canceled all its Thursday flights to and from Anchorage after an eruption earlier in the day sent an ash cloud 65,000 feet high .	NEW : Four eruptions jolt Alaska 's Mount Redoubt on Friday Alert level remains at highest possible designation Mount Redoubt has been erupting since Sunday Alaska Airlines limits Friday flights to and from Anchorage
CNN  -- A former B-2 Bomber engineer has been sentenced to 32 years in prison for selling secret defense designs to China . Noshir Gowadia , 66 , of Maui , Hawaii , was sentenced late Monday for sharing classified defense information with China , illegally exporting military technical data , money laundering , filing false tax returns and other offenses . "  Mr. Gowadia provided some of our country 's most sensitive weapons-related designs to the Chinese government for money , " said David Kris , assistant attorney general for the Justice Department 's National Security Division . "  He is now being held accountable for his actions , " Kris said . "  This prosecution should serve as a warning to others who would compromise our nation 's military secrets for profit . " Gowadia worked as an engineer with Northrop Grumman Corporation for about 17 years , according to evidence at his trial . There he helped develop features for the B-2 Spirit Bomber , also known as the "  Stealth Bomber . " Between July 2003 and June 2005 , Gowadia made six trips to China to provide design , data analysis and test support services needed to develop a stealthy exhaust nozzle for a cruise missile system , according his trial evidence . Prosecutors said Gowadia pocketed at least $ 110,000 from China . A federal jury in Honolulu convicted Gowadia last August . Last Friday , a Michigan man was sentenced to a four-year prison term for conspiring to provide national defense information to Chinese intelligence officials , according to the Justice Department . Glenn Duffie Shriver , 28 , pleaded guilty in October to one count of conspiracy .	Noshir Gowadia was convicted in August and sentenced Monday to 32 years in jail The Maui , Hawaii , engineer helped design the "  Stealth Bomber " Prosecutors said he was paid at least $ 110,000 for the information
CNN  -- Brazilian star Kaka has agreed to join Real Madrid from Italy 's AC Milan in a $ 92 million deal , the Spanish radio station Cadena Ser reported on Tuesday . Former World Player of the Year Kaka has agreed to join Real Madrid in a $ 92m move according to reports in Spain . Cadena Ser claimed that Real president Florentino Perez had thrashed out a deal with AC Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani and Bosco Leite , Kaka 's father and agent . Kaka is currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier against Uruguay and earlier in the day had appeared to rule out a move from Italy 's Serie A. "  I 'll say it for the last time . The last time . I do n't want to leave Milan , " he told Gazzetta dello Sport . "  In this period I prefer to remain silent because I do n't want to be misunderstood . Or , worse still , to be used . "  To the millions of Milan supporters , I say that I have made my choice . I have said what I want to stay . Leave me in peace , please . " However , AC Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi also hinted at Kaka 's departure just before Cadena Ser 's claim . "  I do not know if we can keep Kaka at Milan because they  Real  have offered him so much money , " Berlusconi was quoted as saying by Italian press agency Ansa . Spanish reports said Kaka will sign for five years with a salary worth nearly $ 13 million a year . Former team-mate Paolo Maldini , who retired at the end of the season , admitted he still had doubts about Kaka 's future at the San Siro . "  I do n't know if he 'll still stay at Milan , " Maldini told Gazzetta dello Sport . "  Ancelotti might have been cryptic about his future but Kaka has been even more so . " Last January , Kaka rejected a move to Premier League Manchester City who were prepared to pay the 2007 world player of the year $ 750,000 per week . Kaka 's coach at Milan Carlo Ancelotti was on Monday appointed manager at Premier League Chelsea who have also been linked with a bid for the Brazilian .	Spanish radio station Cadena Ser claim Kaka agrees $ 92m Real Madrid move Kaka currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier Reports said Kaka will sign for five years with salary worth nearly $ 13m a year
CNN  Sam Smith does not want his weight to "  Stay With Me . " The Grammy-winning singer has shed 14 pounds and is crediting author Amelia Freer with his new slimmer look . Freer is a nutritional expert and writer of the book "  Eat . Nourish . Glow . " Smith gave her a shoutout on an Instagram photo that shows his weight loss . "  Three weeks ago I met a woman who has completely changed my life , " he wrote . "  Amelia Freer has helped me lose over a stone in 2 weeks and has completely transformed my relationship with food . " Freer said she decided to dedicate herself to helping people change their lives via healthier eating years ago , when she was working as an assistant to Prince Charles , according to the Daily Mail . "  I used to arrive home exhausted  not because of the job , it turns out , but because of my terrible diet  , with no energy to cook , so I would have cheese on toast or a plate of pasta with a glass of wine , slumped in front of the TV , " she said . "  I was tired all the time . My tummy looked and felt like a football most days , and I still had acne . I took several courses of the acne drug Roaccutane , and that 's when my body said , ` Enough ! ' " After visiting a nutritionist and learning about the effects of food on the body , Freer decided to become one . Smith has been open about his struggle with weight , even touching on it during a speech in February after one of several Grammy wins . "  Before I made this record , I was doing everything to try and get my music heard , " Smith said . "  I tried to lose weight , and I was making awful music , and it was only until that I started to be myself that the music started to flow and people started to listen . "	The Grammy-winning singer shed the weight quickly He thanked the author of a book on healthy living
CNN  -- Linguists announced Monday they have identified an endangered language known as Koro that is spoken by about 800 people in northeast India . The language was unknown to science and recently came to light during an expedition by linguists traveling in India on fellowships for National Geographic , the linguists said in telephone interviews . Koro belongs to the Tibeto-Burman language family , which is composed of a group of about 400 languages spoken primarily in east , central , south and southeast Asia and includes Tibetan and Burmese , according to linguist K. David Harrison . Some 150 Tibeto-Burman languages are spoken in India alone , but no other language has been identified as closely related , said Harrison , an associate professor of linguistics at Swarthmore College in Swarthmore , Pennsylvania . Like most languages , Koro is unwritten and transmitted orally . It is neither a dialect nor a sister language close to Hruso-Aka , despite being considered such by both Hruso and Koro people . Koro shares some vocabulary with other languages spoken in the region but shares more features with languages spoken farther east , such as Milang and Tani , the linguists said in a news release issued by National Geographic . Harrison and another National Geographic Fellow , Greg Anderson , led the expedition , called Enduring Voices , which brought Koro to light . Enduring Voices documents vanishing languages and cultures and assists with language revitalization . Harrison and Anderson , director of the Living Tongues Institute for Endangered Languages , in Salem , Oregon , focused on Arunachal Pradesh , a remote area of northeast India that is considered the black hole of the linguistic world . It is a language hotspot where there is room to study rich , diverse languages , many unwritten or documented . A permit is required to visit , few linguists have worked there and a reliable list of languages has never been drawn up . "  On a scientist 's tally sheet , Koro adds just one entry to the list of 6,909 languages worldwide . But Koro 's contribution is much greater than that tiny fraction would suggest , " Harrison writes in his book , "  The Last Speakers . " "  Koro brings an entirely different perspective , history , mythology , technology and grammar to what was known before . " In the news release , the linguists described their discovery as bittersweet : Of the approximately 800 people who speak Koro , few are under the age of 20 , meaning the language is endangered . "  We were finding something that was making its exit , was on its way out , " Anderson said . "  And if we had waited 10 years to make the trip , we might not have come across close to the number of speakers we found . " The team set out in 2008 in Arunachal Pradesh to document Aka and Miji , languages spoken in a small district there . The expedition went door to door among homes propped up on stilts to reach potential speakers of those little-known languages . While recording the vocabularies , they detected a third language -- Koro . It was not listed in Indian language surveys , Indian censuses or standard international registries . "  We did n't have to get far on our word list to realize it was extremely different in every possible way , " Harrison said . The inventory of sounds and the way these sounds were combined to form words were distinct from other languages spoken in the region . An Aka speaker would call a pig "  vo " and a Koro speaker would call a pig "  lele . " "  Koro could hardly sound more different from Aka , " Harrison writes . "  They sound as different as , say , English and Japanese . " Anderson and Harrison said Aka is the traditional language of the region 's historic slave traders , and they hypothesized that Koro may have sprung from the slaves ; though they said more study is needed to determine the origin . The project reports that a language becomes extinct every two weeks . By 2100 , it is estimated that more than half of the 6,910 languages spoken on earth will vanish . The team will return to India to continue studying Koro in November .	Koro is spoken by only about 800 people , few of them under the age of 20 Linguists traveling in northeast India came upon the language Koro was not listed in any Indian language surveys or other sources Koro 's sounds distinctly different from other tongues spoken in region
CNN  Ferguson 's municipal judge has resigned and the city 's court cases are getting moved after the U.S. Justice Department said the court discriminated against African-Americans . "  To help restore public trust and confidence in the Ferguson municipal court division , the Supreme Court of Missouri today transferred Judge Roy L. Richter of the Missouri Court of Appeals , Eastern District , to the St. Louis County Circuit Court , where he will be assigned to hear all of Ferguson 's pending and future municipal division cases , " the Supreme Court said in a statement Monday . "  Extraordinary action is warranted in Ferguson , but the court also is examining reforms that are needed on a statewide basis , " Chief Justice Mary R. Russell said in the statement . The announcement came the same day Municipal Court Judge Ronald Brockmeyer resigned as Ferguson 's judge . "  Mr. Brockmeyer recognizes that the Department of Justice report , as well as recent media reports , regardless of their accuracy or validity , have diminished the public 's confidence in the Ferguson Municipal Court , " his attorney Bert Fulk said in a statement . "  Mr. Brockmeyer believes that it is paramount to begin immediately on promoting the public 's confidence in the Ferguson Municipal Court . Promoting the public confidence in the Ferguson Municipal Court will help Ferguson begin its healing process . " The Justice Department 's report said Brockmeyer approved the creation of additional fees , "  many of which are widely considered abusive and may be unlawful , including several that the City has repealed during the pendency of our investigation . These include a $ 50 fee charged each time a person has a pending municipal arrest warrant cleared . " Just about every branch of Ferguson government -- police , Municipal Court , City Hall -- participated in "  unlawful " targeting of African-American residents for tickets and fines , the Justice Department concluded . The millions of dollars in fines and fees paid by black residents served an ultimate goal of satisfying "  revenue rather than public safety needs , " the Justice Department found . Document : Justice report finds systematic discrimination by police in Ferguson Its report detailed how Ferguson operated a vertically integrated system -- from street cop to court clerk to judge to city administration to city council -- to raise revenue for the city budget through increased ticketing and fining . The investigators also found evidence of racist jokes being sent around by Ferguson police and court officials . One November 2008 email said President Barack Obama would n't likely be President for long because "  what black man holds a steady job for four years . " Another email joked that African-American women should use abortion to control crime . "  Our investigation has not revealed any indication that any officer or court clerk engaged in these communications was ever disciplined , " the Justice Department 's report said . The DOJ 's probe came after public outcry over the death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown , who was shot by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson in August . Wilson , who was not indicted on any charges , has resigned from the police department . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Ronald Brockmeyer resigns as Ferguson 's Municipal Court judge The city 's court cases are being transferred to another judge ` Extraordinary action is warranted in Ferguson , ' the state 's chief justice says
CNN  -- To understand how human nature sometimes does n't heed winter weather warnings , listen to how Deanna Hunt did n't listen . She ventured into Wednesday 's storm in North Carolina , rendering herself stuck in her car on a snowbound road -- even after the nation saw two weeks ago how Georgia motorists were forced to sleep in their cars while stuck in another storm . Such standstills frustrate officials who warn the public of deadly weather . They 're now studying ways to improve messaging , the National Weather Service said . "  You know , it was such a crazy thing , " Hunt , who is pregnant , told CNN . "  We knew there was a huge front coming through , but you just never anticipate it coming as fast as it does . And it came in the middle of the day at lunchtime . "  My impression was that I could get to where I was going and get back , like a lot of other people . And the fact that it came so fast , that 's the thing . It 's amazing how quickly you can get stuck , " she added . "  All it takes is one accident , and then it just starts backing up , and it 's the trickle-down effect . "  And here I am , ironically , stuck in it , " Hunt said in a phone interview Wednesday from her vehicle . She and her child were spending their fourth hour in the car , though it should have taken only 22 minutes to get home in Raleigh . When officials see footage of such stranded drivers , they become distressed , said Eli Jacks , the National Weather Service chief of fire and public weather services . Weather warnings are often issued three or four days in advance of a storm so that people can prepare for their safety , Jacks said . Thwarting those efforts are public attitudes of "  I 've been through this before or I 'll get through this , " he said . "  In places that are n't used to receiving this type of weather like Atlanta and North Carolina , the images of people being on the road unable to move are very disturbing , " Jacks said . "  Nobody wants to see that . "  We 're issuing these watches , warning and advisories , and yet people go out into these storms , " Jacks said . "  We issue them so that people will listen to them and say , hey , there is something different going on than the average weather . " The agency is working with social scientists and researchers on possible ways to improve the public messages . Their goal is to protect people and property . "  One of the things that we 're studying is whether our messages are clear , " Jacks said . "  There is no single answer to this . It 's a topic that I think is important to study because we want to minimize  distressing weather images  you see on TV , so that people understand the threat and they react to the threat appropriately . " Do n't put on your stupid hat Gabrielle Harte of Raleigh experienced frostbite on her ankles Wednesday when she left work and drove home as snowfall began . But she moved only a mile in an hour and then did n't move at all two hours later , so she decided to walk the remaining four miles , she said . She became stranded in a hotel where she warmed up and discovered the apparent frostbite , she said . Fortunately , a team of nurses were also finding refuge in the hotel , and they wrapped her ankles and elevated her feet . Harte acknowledged she heard of the weather warnings . "  I was kind of hesitant to go , but figured I would leave as soon as it started , then make it back in time , " Harte said . "  But once the snow came , in 45 minutes , everything was covered . Traffic was bumper-to-bumper . No one was moving . " Abandoned or snowbound vehicles in the middle of the road can hamper the travel of first responders and government trucks with snow plows , sand and salt , the North Carolina Department of Transportation said Thursday . There 's also the driving peril of fallen power lines , trees and branches as well as ice dropping from overpasses , the Georgia Department of Transportation added . That 's why transportation officials urge motorists to stay off the road during storms . Widespread gridlock unfolded any way Wednesday , inflaming North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory to tell residents bluntly not to be "  stupid . " "  More than anything else , we 're just encouraging people to be smart , and do n't put their stupid hat on during the next 48 hours , " McCrory said , in reference to how special four-wheel vehicles were being dispatched to rescue motorists stranded on highways . Officials and citizens alike often speak of how experience can go a long way in avoiding such calamities , but as the writer Aldous Huxley put it , "  Experience teaches only the teachable . " The school of hard knocks Georgia seemed teachable this week , as residents wisely stayed home and off the roads in the ongoing storm that has since moved north and is now pummeling North Carolina and New York . But Georgia 's response was learned the hard way after last month 's ice storm brought highway and local traffic to an eerie standstill , as if frozen in a snow globe . In all , that weather was blamed for 10 deaths in the Southeast , five in Alabama and the others in North Carolina and Mississippi . In last month 's storm , Georgia officials were excoriated for not acting promptly on early warnings . "  I accept responsibility for the fact that we did not make preparation early enough to avoid these consequences , " Gov. Nathan Deal said . " ... I 'm not looking for a scapegoat . I 'm the governor , the buck stops with me . " In this week 's storm , however , Georgia 's highways and byways were so empty that one Atlanta resident likened them to a sleeping beauty . Meteorologist Mike Smith , senior vice president of AccuWeather Enterprise Solutions , remarked how Georgians this week avoided spending 22 hours stuck in their car as they did in last month 's storm . "  With that wake-up call , people took the forecasts seriously this time , " Smith said in a CNN commentary . "  Schedules were adjusted and people worked from home . For days , meteorologists warned of widespread power failures . " Heeding the warnings mitigated the effects of electricity loss Wednesday to more than 729,000 customers in South Carolina , North Carolina , Georgia and elsewhere in the Southeast , Smith said . Mayor blasted over opening schools As the front now hammers New York with 14 inches of snow , controversy now roils there about whether the city should be holding school for its 1.1 million students -- especially when Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency Thursday for New York City , Long Island and the mid-Hudson areas . Mayor Bill de Blasio acknowledged the criticism against opening the schools in a snowstorm , but he defended his decision . Other school districts in the region kept students at home . "  It 's always a tough decision based on imperfect information , " de Blasio told reporters Thursday . He said the National Weather Service reported as little as 3 inches of snow on the ground at the start of the school day , with warmer conditions than in previous storms . But meteorologist Al Roker of NBC 's "  Today " show disagreed with the mayor 's characterization of the forecast , saying it was "  on time and on the money . " "  At the time , we thought our children would be able to get to school safely , " the mayor said . "  There are a huge number of parents for whom the consistency of the school schedule is absolutely necessary . "  They are going to work , they have no choice . If they ca n't get their kid to school , they do n't have another option . There are huge numbers of parents for whom their kid getting to school also means their child will have a good meal , and in some cases , two meals . And so , the fact is , it 's a very big deal to some parents , " de Blasio added . The city 's teachers union disagreed with him , citing safety concerns . "  Having students , parents and staff traveling in these conditions was unwarranted . It was a mistake to open schools today , " Michael Mulgrew , president of the United Federation of Teachers , said Thursday .	National Weather Service studies ways to improve messaging of danger Gabrielle Harte gets ankle frostbite after she abandons car and walks Deanna Hunt , pregnant , drives into a winter storm thinking it wo n't hit her North Carolina governor tells residents not to put "  their stupid hat on "
CNN  -- A massive search and rescue mission continued late Friday for nine people who may have plunged into chilly Pacific water off the Southern California coast after a Coast Guard plane and a Marine helicopter collided . "  We 're still in the search and rescue phase . We are not standing down from that at this point , " Coast Guard Capt. Thomas Farris told reporters at a news conference . "  We have every hope that we 'll be able to find survivors . " The search will continue , he said , "  Until I stop . " The Coast Guard plans to continue the search at least throughout Friday night and Saturday morning , Petty Officer Henry Dunphy of the San Diego Coast Guard told CNN . The Coast Guard C-130 plane and its seven crew members had been searching for a missing person when it collided Thursday with the Marine AH-1 Cobra helicopter , with a two-person crew , on a military training exercise , Farris said . None of the names of those on either aircraft has been released . A pilot reported seeing a fireball about 7:10 p.m. Thursday near the crash site . The crash occurred about 16 nautical miles  18 miles  off the coast , near San Clemente Island , said Cpl. Michael Stevens of U.S. Marine Air Station Miramar in San Diego . Helicopters , cutters and patrol boats , aided by the Navy , were scanning a 644-square-mile area for survivors , said Coast Guard Rear Adm. Joseph Castillo . Castillo earlier said an investigation "  to determine what exactly happened " was beginning . The investigation will be done in "  lockstep " with the Marine Corps , he said . A large debris field has been located , and debris has been collected , he said . "  The debris is what you 'd expect , I think , from a midair collision , " he said . The two Marines on the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton chopper were one of four helicopter crews involved in the training exercise , Stevens said . The Coast Guard plane had been on a search mission for a couple of days before Thursday 's crash . "  They were searching for a possible person in the water who was reported to have gotten in a dinghy and attempted to row to Catalina -LSB- Island -RSB- , " Farris said . "  We were searching in that area because of the drift that would have naturally occurred after that event . " With water temperatures in the 60s , Farris earlier Friday estimated survivability could be up to 20 hours . The missing person the Coast Guard members were searching for prior to the collision is still missing , Farris said . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	NEW : Coast Guard Capt. Thomas Farris : "  We 're still in the search and rescue phase " A Coast Guard plane and a Marine helicopter collided off cost of Southern California Seven people were aboard C-130 Thursday , which was searching for a missing person The Marine helicopter contained two crew members
There are things that I admire about Rupert Murdoch . He has maintained a lifelong commitment to newspapers , long after it became clear that they were no longer profitable . He has a feistiness at 81 , when he could be happily sitting on a yacht somewhere . He now spews his opinions on that newfangled social network called Twitter , and since he 's the undisputed kingpin of News Corp. , who 's going to stop him ? But over the weekend , Murdoch sent out a tweet that went beyond outrageous to offensive , truly offensive . He played off the worst kind of historical libel against Jews . And while he later tweeted a semi-apology , it 's not clear he understands the magnitude of his hurtful words . Watch : Murdoch 's ` Jewish Press ' Rant -- More CEOs Spewing on Twitter The subject was the violence flaring in the Middle East , with Israel mounting airstrikes in Gaza after a long series of rocket attacks by the Hamas government . The message : "  Why is Jewish owned press so consistently anti-Israel in every crisis ? " That 's right , he said Jewish-owned press , reviving the old canard about Jews controlling the media . Who , exactly , is he talking about ? Watch : Petraeus overkill or permissable pandering ? Well , there 's the Jewish heritage of the Sulzberger family , which owns The New York Times and Murdoch sees as a rival . Beyond that , most major media outlets are owned by public companies : Comcast  NBC  , Viacom  CBS  , Disney  ABC  , Time Warner  CNN  , Tribune  Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times  , Gannett  USA Today  . The Graham family , which owns The Washington Post , is n't Jewish . And is n't there something rich in a complaint about media ownership by the man who controls Fox News , the Fox broadcast network , 20th Century Fox , the New York Post , The Wall Street Journal , The Times of London , the Sunday Times , Sky News , HarperCollins and other properties ? Beyond that , it 's hard to take ethical lectures from a man who presided over a phone-hacking scandal in London that -- whatever his knowledge of it -- prompted him to close the longstanding News of the World tabloid and has led to the arrests of several of his former lieutenants . Watch : Orgy of advice on getting away with Petraeus-like affair What 's more , Murdoch has never been shy about interfering in his newsrooms -- cozying up to politicians ranging from Ed Koch to Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair -- so maybe he expects others to shape news coverage in the same way . Murdoch 's Fox News portrayed Mitt Romney as a more viable candidate than he turned out to be . But the heart of Murdoch 's indictment is far more troubling . He is suggesting that Jewish Americans have a hidden agenda in which their religion trumps their commitment to journalism . Since Murdoch finds these outlets allegedly dominated by Jews to be anti-Israel , perhaps he thinks they are of the self-loathing variety . In a tweet on Sunday , Murdoch seemed to defend his use of the phrase : " ` Jewish owned press ' have been sternly criticized , suggesting link to Jewish reporters . Do n't see this , but apologise unreservedly . " The wording is too cryptic to know for what exactly he 's apologizing . Watch : Why Romney 's ` gifts ' comments diminish him Earlier , Murdoch had tweeted that Israel 's position was "  precarious , " adding "  watch CNN and AP bias to the point of embarrassment . " Media mogul or not , he 's entitled to criticize other coverage as he sees fit . But it 's hard to evaluate his complaints since his 140 characters contain not a single example of questionable reporting . The Middle East is a minefield for even the most scrupulous journalists . A photo of a wounded Palestinian often brings complaints that Israel is being treated unfairly and its casualties not highlighted . A story on Israelis wounded by Hamas rockets often causes grumbling that the Palestinian plight is being unfairly minimized . Murdoch is obviously strongly pro-Israel , which may mean he bristles at any coverage that does n't sympathize with Benjamin Netanyahu 's government . One thing , however , is clear : Murdoch has undermined his own credibility by lashing out at what he calls Jewish-owned organizations . He should follow the advice that editors routinely give employees : Think hard before you tweet , for words , like weapons , can wound .	Howard Kurtz : Rupert Murdoch tweeted asking why Jewish owned press is anti-Israel He says suggesting Jews have hidden agenda , where religion trumps journalism , is offensive Kurtz : It 's hypocritical from man who controls Fox News , WSJ , NY Post , other news organs Kurtz : "  Apology ' tweet cryptic ; Murdoch 's slam of reporters ' ` biased ' coverage gives no proof
CNN  -- If Lewis Hamilton is to win a fifth Hungarian Grand Prix , he 'll need something akin to a miracle . That 's because he 'll start well adrift of the pack after the back of his Mercedes caught fire in qualifying -- the second consecutive Saturday he 's suffered misfortune . It was on his first qualifying lap , too . Hamilton was n't hurt but with his chassis needing replacing , it means a start from pit lane . His teammate and Championship leader Nico Rosberg had no such issues , recording the fastest time . Last week in qualifying for the German Grand Prix , a brake issue led to a Hamilton crash and meant he began 20th on the grid on race day but he put in a stellar drive to rise to third . Hamilton , who bettered the field in practice Friday and earlier Saturday , was the first to point out that overtaking opportunities are n't as great in Hungary as they were in Germany . "  It 's a shame , especially when you do the practice sessions with not too many problems , " Hamilton said in a television interview aired by Sky . "  I did n't even get a lap this time . Last time I got maybe two laps . "  I ca n't believe it 's happened again . This is not a track you can really overtake on so coming from last to the podium is a lot less likely . " Hamilton 's mishap gives Rosberg the chance to extend his 14-point lead over Hamilton in the individual standings . And although the German said he would have preferred to go head-to-head with Hamilton , he felt Sunday 's race would now be "  easier . " Unsurprisingly , he does n't plan on taking many risks at the Hungaroring . "  It makes it easier of course because he is my competitor , " Rosberg was quoted as saying by Autosport.com . "  It 's a free opportunity tomorrow . "  I need to play it safe and avoid any unnecessary things happening , and get as many points as possible . "  I would prefer to be out there battling with Lewis . That would give me the maximum adrenaline rush . It wo n't be a gloves-off battle with Lewis , but I am still very , very happy . " Rosberg clocked a best time of one minute , 22.715 seconds , bettering reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull by 0.486 seconds , Williams ' Valtteri Bottas and Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo , who is a distant third in the driver standings .	Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton finishes second last in Hungarian Grand Prix qualifying Hamilton 's car catches fire to end his session early but he walked away unhurt It 's the second straight week the Englishman suffers a car issue in qualifying Teammate and Championship leader Nico Rosberg records the fastest time
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian emergency officials have begun evacuating 800 families from an area at high risk from the expected eruption of a volcano that killed at least six people in November . Colombians make their way across a landslide in November after the Nevado del Huila volcano erupted . The Nevado del Huila volcano is on orange alert , meaning an eruption is probable within days or weeks , the Colombian Institute of Geology and Mining said last week . An eruption would cause an avalanche down the Paez and Simbola rivers , officials said . The town under evacuation , Belalcazar , sits on the bank of the Paez River about a half-mile  less than a kilometer  from the junction with the Simbola River . It was the worst-hit area in November 's eruption . The volcano 's crater holds 52 million cubic meters  1.8 billion cubic feet  of lava , said Colombia 's Caracol Radio . That 's the equivalent of 13.8 billion gallons . The Colombian national emergency agency said Monday it is ready to evacuate thousands of residents if the volcano 's condition turns to red , which means an eruption is imminent or ongoing . The snow-capped Huila , the highest active volcano in Colombia , last erupted on November 20 . At least six people , including four children , died then . Gas and hot ash caused snow on the mountain peak to melt , sending mud , rocks and floodwater rushing down the Paez and destroying at least 20 homes and washing out five bridges , the presidential office said at the time . Much of the sparsely populated region about 155 miles  250 kilometers  southwest of Bogota is a reservation for Nasa indigenous communities . All six fatalities were native Indians , the government said . The youngest victim was a year old . The Huila volcano , which has a summit of 17,598 feet  5,364 meters  , has erupted four times . The first documented eruption occurred in the 1500s , then it stood silent for more than 400 years , according to the Web site volcanolive.com . Colombian emergency officials said Monday they are asking the 800 families where they want to be moved to , Caracol Radio said . Scientists with the Colombian Institute of Geology and Mining , commonly known as Ingeominas , said they did not detect any major action inside the volcano Monday , Caracol reported . Ingeominas and the National System for Emergencies are monitoring the volcano around the clock and have acquired new equipment , including additional telecommunication gear and an infrared camera to monitor Huila 's temperature . Officials also plan to install a microphone on Huila to detect any new rumblings from inside the volcano , Caracol said . Officials already are monitoring the volcano with four stations that detect seismological activity , a video camera , a communications network and a system that measures mudflow , Caracol said .	Eruption likely within days or weeks at Nevado del Huila volcano , agency warns Colombian volcano 's eruption killed at least six people in November Some 800 families under evacuation from high-risk area Eruption would cause avalanche down Paez and Simbola rivers , officials say
CNN  -- CNN.com 's Football Fan Zone looks ahead to the new season in Germany which kicks off on Friday August 15 . Bayern Munich 's Oliver Kahn lifts the Bundesliga trophy . The veteran keeper has retired aged 39 after many seasons of success . The Champions Bayern Munich bounced back in superb style last season after some inspired signings in last summer 's transfer window . Veteran former coach Ottmar Hitzfeld had been inticed back for one final hurrah after Bayern had suffered the ignominy of failing to reach the Champions League by finishing only fourth behind Stuttgart in the Bundesliga . And Hitzfeld worked the oracle in spectacular style , bringing in French wizard Franck Ribery and Italian striker Luca Toni to compliment his already talented squad . Bayern cruised to the Bundesliga title by 10 points , did the double with victory in the German Cup final , and only succumbed to eventual winners Zenit St Petersburg in the semifinals of the UEFA Cup . With Hitzfeld now gone , former Bayern hero Jurgen Klinsmann has taken up the reigns for his first managerial job in club football . The 44-year-old was a success in leading Germany to the semifinals of the World Cup but it remains to be seen how he copes with the pressure of coaching Germany 's top club . Klinsmann has kept his powder dry in the transfer market , with Germany midfielder Tim Borowski the only significant addition , but his squad is so overladen with talent it is difficult to see how it can be improved . Yet again it appears that Bayern will be the team to beat . The only major change to the side has seen Oliver Kahn 's long-time backup Michael Rensing take over the No. 1 jersey after the retirement of the veteran international keeper . The Challengers Werder Bremen pipped Schalke for second place last season , thanks in part to a potent attack which saw them score 75 goals , seven more than champions Bayern and 17 more than third highest Wolfsburg . Werder 's strength is their continuity . Long-serving coach Thomas Schaff is Werder through and through -- and has remarkably been at the club since joining as a schoolboy player in 1972 . He has been coach for nine years and continues to work wonders , keeping the club near the top of the Bundersliga year after year -- as well as masterminding their title victory in 2004 . However , this season , Werder must do without Croatian striker Ivan Klasnic , who has left for Nantes in France after a legal dispute regarding his kidney condition , and goalscoring midfielder Tim Borowski , who was snapped up by Bayern Munich . Brazilian playmaker Diego continues to be the fulcrum of the side , while young striker Aaron Hunt was a regular last season and is tipped to progress further . Defensive stability is provided by internationals Per Mertesacker and midfield warhorse Torsten Frings . Schalke continue to be there or thereabouts in Germany and have finished in the top three in three of the last four seasons . However , they have taken over from Leverkusen as the nearly men of German football , finishing Bundesliga runners-up in 2005 and 2007 , German Cup runners-up in 2005 and German League Cup runners-up in 2007 . The last of their seven league titles came exactly 50 years ago and new Dutch coach Fred Rutten is the man responsible for trying to break that long title drought . So far , his dealings in the transfer market have been encouraging and Rutten has used his knowledge of Dutch football to enhance the Gelsenkirchen club 's squad . Giant midfielder Orlando Engelaar impressed for the Dutch in Euro 2008 and Schalke moved quickly to sign him from FC Twente , while Peruvian striker Jefferson Farfan averaged a goal every other game in his four seasons with PSV Eindhoven and will add more potency to an attack that already boasts German internationals Kevin Kuranyi and the long-serving Gerald Asamoah . Point to prove Jurgen Klinsmann rode the crest of a wave of national pride in 2006 when he led a young and talented Germany squad to the last four of the home World Cup , falling to eventual champions Italy in an epic semifinal encounter . That was Klinsmann 's first and so far only coaching job and he has kept himself out of the limelight since handing over the national team 's reigns to Joachim Loew . A showman on the pitch , Klinsmann is deep thinking and private off it and resisted very public overtures from both Liverpool and the U.S. national team while taking a break from the game . London clubs Chelsea and Tottenham were also rumored to have been keen on recruiting Klinsmann , but eventually the lure of coaching the biggest club side in German football proved too great . With success in the Bundesliga expected , Klinsmann 's remit will be to bring Champions League glory back to Bavaria for the first time since 2001 ; anything less might see the former Bayern hero under immediate pressure to keep his job . New boys Two of German football 's most famous names are back in the Bundesliga as Moenchengladbach and Cologne make welcome returns to the top flight alongside fellow-new boys Hoffenheim . Five-times champions ` Gladbach were exiled for just one season , winning the second division by six points just one season after their relegation . One of the biggest clubs in Germany , ` Gladbach command impressive support and Dutch coach Jos Luhukay will be expected to keep them up this season . Veteran striker and captain Oliver Neuville continues to be their star attraction and his impressive displays last season ensured he kept his place in the German national squad for Euro 2008 , despite playing outside the Bundesliga . Cologne are back in the top flight after a two-season absence and despite becoming a yo-yo club over the last 10 years , hopes are high that they can remain in the Bundesliga under experienced , but controversial , coach Christophe Daum -- who is in his second spell in charge . Experienced defenders Pierre Wome  ex-Werder Bremen  and Miso Brecko  ex-Hamburg  have been drafted in but goals could be a problem following the loss of influential German striker and former club captain Patrick Helmes to Leverkusen . Ambitious Hoffenheim have made rapid progress through the German football pyramid in recent seasons and have reached the Bundesliga for the first time in their history after just one season in the second division . They will begin the season at Carl-Benz Stadium in Mannheim before their own 30,000 Rhein-Neckar-Arena is completed early next year . In Ralf Rangnick they certainly have a coach with a wealth of experience . The 50-year-old has coached Stuttgart and Schalke in the top flight and despite his squad 's lack of experience at this level , they will be organized and disciplined under Rangnick . Hello No team has been busier in the transfer market than ambitious Wolfsburg and Felix Magath 's side are aiming to build on their superb fifth-place last season . The most eye-catching of their new signings has been Italian defender Cristian Zaccardo . The 26-year-old cost Wolfsburg $ 12.4 million from Palermo and becomes the second current Italian international , after Luca Toni , to ply his trade in the Bundesliga . Zaccardo played a key role in Italy 's Euro 2008 squad and his signing is a real statement of intent as Wolfsburg aim for a Champions League place this season . Goalkeeper Jens Lehmann returns to the Bundesliga from Arsenal to join Stuttgart after the London side chose not to renew his contract . Eccentric and unpredictable , the 38-year-old continues to have the support of national coach Joachim Loew and he played in all six games as Germany reached the final of Euro 2008 , losing to Spain . Goodbye As one veteran goalkeeper returns to the Bundesliga , another says goodbye with Bayern Munich and national team legend Oliver Kahn choosing to hang up his gloves . Over the last four years , Lehmann and Kahn were involved in a public and often bitter battle for the No. 1 position in the national team , with then coach Jurgen Klinsmann so undecided about who to select , that he would alternate between the pair from match to match . Now , aged 39 , Kahn has decided to call it a day , after nearly 450 first team matches for Bayern Munich in 14 years -- as well as 86 matches for his country . Eight Bundesliga titles , six German Cups , six German League Cups , a Champions League winners medal , a UEFA Cup winners medal , a European Championship winners medal and a World Cup runners-up medal show how glittering Kahn 's career was and it will be a long time before another player matches his medal haul for both club and country .	Jurgen Klinnsmann returns to football to manage champions Bayern Munich Werder Bremen , Schalke , Wolfsburg likely to challenge Bayern this season Legendary keeper Oliver Kahn retires , while Jens Lehmann back with Stuttgart Moenchengladbach , Cologne back in top flight ; Hoffenheim new to Bundesliga
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova landed the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo on Saturday as her final opponent Jelena Jankovic was forced to retire injured in the first set . Sharapova was winning her first title of 2009 after returning from injury . Unseeded Russian Sharapova was leading 5-2 when Jankovic pulled out with a right wrist injury . It is Sharapova 's first title since returning to the WTA after being sidelined for 10 months after shoulder surgery . Serbian Jankovic claimed the opening two games , but Sharapova stormed back to claim the next five before the seventh seed signaled she could not continue . "  It was a tough start today . Jelena started off so strong , " admitted tennis icon Sharapova . "  It was my second final of the year and I was a bit nervous . "  But I played well enough this week to know I could give her a good match . I just wanted to keep fighting out there and unfortunately Jelena had to stop , " the 22-year-old added . Sharapova has taken advantage of a series of shocks in the $ 2 million tournament which saw world number one Dinara Safina and Venus Williams exit in the first round . Venus Williams was back in action in her opening round match at the China Open in Beijing on Saturday , but was made to fight hard by Russia 's Vera Dushevina before coming through 6-2 7-6 . The seven-time grand slam winner trailed 4-0 in the second set before claiming the next five games . Dushevina hit back to force a tiebreak which Williams claimed comfortably to reach the second round . The tournament is being held in conjunction with an ATP men 's event with Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Roddick in action when it gets underway on Monday . Sunday will see top seed Safina and second-ranked Serena Williams in action in the women 's tournament with Sharapova granted a first round bye after her Tokyo heroics .	Maria Sharapova claims the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo Unseeded Russian beats Jelena Jankovic who retires with wrist injury in first set Venus Williams wins first round match at China Open in Beijing
French troops killed a senior jihadist leader in northern Mali -- a man purportedly behind a number of high-profile attacks and kidnappings , and ambitious and brazen enough that the United States had issued a $ 5 million reward for him -- the French military announced Thursday . Ahmed el Tilemsi was the military head and co-founder of a jihadist group called the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa , one of several jihadist groups active in the region . The U.S. government designated el Tilemsi a terrorist in December 2012 and offered a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to him . He was killed Wednesday night in a French military operation , which was coordinated with Malian forces , in the Gao region in Mali , French military officials said . "  One of the things that proves he was a senior chief  in the group  is that when he got killed ... he was accompanied by a dozen  fighters  who were also ensuring his security , " French Defense Ministry spokesman Sacha Mandel said . About 10 suspected terrorists were "  neutralized " -- which means killed or taken captive , according to the French military -- in the same operation , said Col. Gilles Jaron , another French military spokesman . Mali is a former French colony . According to the U.S. State Department , el Tilemsi was among the militants who in September 2011 broke off from al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -- another terrorist group -- to form the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa . A month later , the group , also known as MUJWA , abducted three aid workers from a refugee camp in western Algeria . The U.S. government blames the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa for an attack on a police base in Tamanrasset , Algeria , and another in Ouargla , Algeria , as well as the kidnapping of seven Algerian diplomats -- incidents that all occurred in 2012 . The State Department described el Tilemsi , a Malian born in 1977 , as MUJWA 's military chief , adding that he directly took part in the October 2011 kidnappings in western Algeria . Before that , as a member of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , he took part in the abduction of two French nationals in the Niger city of Niamey , the U.S. government said .	French troops conduct an operation in northern Mali , coordinating with Malian forces They kill Ahmed el Tilemsi , co-founder of the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa A French official says a dozen other militants were with el Tilemsi when he was killed The U.S. had designated el Tilemsi a terrorist , offered a reward of up to $ 5 million for him
Washington  CNN  The straight talking governor is suddenly mealy-mouthed over measles . As he toured the United Kingdom on Monday , Chris Christie seemed to leave his tough guy persona back in the United States . The potential Republican 2016 presidential contender punted on questions about whether Americans should vaccinate their kids amid a 14-state outbreak of a disease which is staging a comeback after being largely eradicated by science . "  All I can say is we vaccinated ours , " Christie said , while touring a biomedical research facility in Cambridge , England , which makes vaccines . The New Jersey governor added that "  parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well , so that 's the balance that the government has to decide . " Parents : What is your message to parents who do n't vaccinate their kids ? The meandering response trampled his message on a trip apparently meant to polish foreign policy credentials . And it was uncharacteristic for Christie , a political bruiser who regularly shouts down critics and , just a few months ago , defied the White House by forcibly quarantining a nurse who treated Ebola patients . WATCH : Obama : Vaccinate your kids The flap is a reminder that as a politician who made his name by telling it like it is , Christie will be carefully watched for any sign he is toning down his act or hedging on difficult issues as he tries to navigate the early skirmishes of a likely presidential campaign . With Democrats pouncing on a new chance to brand Christie as "  anti-science " and reporters jumping on a story that livened up a routine trade mission , the Christie camp rushed out an unusual clarification . "  To be clear : the Governor believes vaccines are an important public health protection and with a disease like measles there is no question kids should be vaccinated , " said Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts . "  At the same time different states require different degrees of vaccination , which is why he was calling for balance in which ones government should mandate . " The episode hit the headlines because federal health officials are expressing alarm that a spate of measles cases is being fueled by skepticism among some parents of infant vaccination schedules . The United States is one of the most vaccinated nations in the world . Experts note that infants face more than 20 shots before they are 18 months old and some parents question the speed and utility of all the doses . Claims picked up by the so-called anti-vaxxer movement , now debunked by scientific research , argue that shots can cause childhood autism and other unintended side effects . So it 's not surprising that politicians should face questions about the issue -- especially if they are a governor who is thinking of running for president . Christie seems to have been tripped up more by policy than substance . When he spoke with nuance , it came across as a political calculation because his careful remarks contrasted with his own tendency to talk most of the time in an unmistakeably blunt way . "  Get the hell off the beach ... and get out , you 're done , " Christie , for instance , once told people he saw on news footage who had yet to take Hurricane Irene 's approach seriously in 2011 . So his equivocation on Monday raised questions over his motives . Was Christie for instance fudging on an issue that could play into suspicions of government mandates - in health care , education and other areas -- that could animate the 2016 Republican primary race ? There is , after all , precedent for a vaccination flap having political reverberations in a primary race . Then-Texas Gov. Rick Perry came under fire in 2012 from Republican opponents who opposed his executive order requiring girls to be vaccinated against human papillomavirus , which spreads through sexual transmission . Social conservatives opposed making the shot mandatory for girls as young as 11 . Another candidate , Michele Bachmann , helped torpedo her own campaign by suggesting the drug could cause "  mental retardation . " Christie is not the only candidate being forced to weigh in on the vaccinations debate which looks set to rumble through the 2016 campaign . Republican Sen. Rand Paul , a physician , said he thought vaccinations were a good thing but parents should have some input in how they are used . He told CNBC he had staggered a program of doses for his children when they were newborns . And he added that he had heard of "  many tragic cases of walking , talking , normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines . " Another potential Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina was quoted by Buzzfeed.com as saying that "  vaccinating for measles makes a lot of sense . " But she added : "  I do think parents have to make those choices . " Christie 's struggles in getting his own message across may have several explanations , not all political . He could simply have been caught off guard in a place far from the early skirmishes of the Republican presidential sweepstakes . Or perhaps he was off his game , when appearing before a small traveling press pack , after battling a five-hour time difference to stay up late to watch the Super Bowl . But the episode is a reminder of the perils facing a politician who prizes speaking off the cuff . "  Is he going to have to be clarifying his comments all the time ? " said Jonathan Jaffe , a communications consultant who publishes a daily newsletter on New Jersey politics . MAP : The measles outbreak "  Christie is a very casual speaker . He talks a lot of the time off the top of his head , " Jaffe said , saying that quality could become a liability when every word is parsed by political journalists or opponents . Indeed , candidates like Christie who build a brand on straight talk , often face extra scrutiny when they appear to hedge on an argument . "  It depends on what the vaccine is , what the disease type is and all the rest , " Christie said , trying to explain his initial quote . "  I did n't say I 'm leaving people the option . What I 'm saying is that you have to have that balance in considering parental concerns . " He went on : "  Not every vaccine is created equal and not every disease type is as great a public health threat as others . So that 's what I mean by that so that I 'm not misunderstood . " Christie 's remarks , for once , were not as direct as those of the more professorial President Barack Obama , who touched on the issue in a pre-Super Bowl interview with NBC . "  There is every reason to get vaccinated but there are n't reasons to not , " said Obama , adding "  the science is pretty indisputable . " Taken out of their political context , Christie 's remarks seem a lot less contentious . Mark Largent , a Michigan State University professor who wrote a book about the vaccination debate in modern America , said that issues like inoculation schedules tend to be seen as a barometer for candidates on wider issues of scientific and medical issues . He says the debate is a rare one which cuts across political divides . On the right , objectors tend to sense the overweening hand of big government and infringments on individual liberties . On the left , suspicion is driven by skepticism about the motives of the pharmaceutrical industry , he said . The result is a debate in which legitimate concerns can be drowned out by politics . Christie "  is very moderate in what he is saying , but he is going to get pummeled as anti-vaccine , " Largent said . Christie 's comments may also be conditioned by his time in New Jersey where there has been a spirited debate over the issue , with activists complaining about what they say are the nation 's most expansive mandates for child vaccines . The Daily Beast reported on Monday that as far back as his first gubernatorial campaign in 2009 , Christie expressed sympathy for parents of autistic children who wanted more input over which vaccines were administered to kids . The speed with which Christie 's camp rushed to put out Monday 's storm appeared to signal that the governor was not making some sort of clever play for government-hating activists on the conservative right -- a sector of the Republican Party where he must make inroads . But Democrats would n't give him a break , giving him a dose of his own tough talk . "  Chris Christie is n't a scientist . He is n't a doctor . And he sure as heck is n't a leader , " said Democratic National Committee spokesman Mo Elleithee .	Measles flap stamps on Christie message in UK Sparks new Democratic claims GOP is ` anti-science ' Politics overwhelms substance in medical debate
Kevin Wang always had the teaching bug in him . After graduating from UC-Berkeley in 2002 with a degree in electrical engineering and computer science , he turned down industry jobs to teach in the Bay Area . A few years later he got a masters degree in education from Harvard and then went to Microsoft to work as a software developer . But he could n't stop teaching . Before he arrived at the office every morning , Wang drove to a nearby high school and taught first-period computer science . He told colleagues and friends about his experience and recruited them to teach in local schools . The word spread . In 2009 Wang launched Technology Education and Literacy in Schools  TEALS  , an initiative that places high-tech professionals as part-time teachers in high schools . Wang 's goal was to see to it that every high school in the country has a computer-science course . He thought he might need to quit his job to manage the growing effort . But he did n't have to . Microsoft offered to support Wang , asking him to devote all his workday time to it . The company 's decision to incubate the TEALS program stems partly from founder Bill Gates 's longstanding interest in promoting education , Microsoft 's broader philanthropic focus and a pressing , industry-wide need for more engineers . "  America produces the best computer engineers in the world , " said Wang , "  but we just do n't have enough . " Which is why TEALS has over 100 volunteers covering 35 schools in seven states , and is now mounting a big push in New York City . Falling behind ? In February of this year , Gates joined Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg and other tech titans in a video by nonprofit Code.org to encourage interest among young people in programming . Demand for top tech talent also has prompted the industry to lobby the State Department to give out more H1-B visas to highly skilled foreign-born immigrants . In April , Zuckerberg penned an op-ed in the Washington Post calling for revised immigration policies so that U.S. companies can better attract the most talented foreign-born computer scientists . Computer science is the third highest-paying bachelor degree , right behind computer engineering and chemical engineering . While the average starting salary for computer science college graduates is $ 64,400 , industry insiders frequently cite higher figures . In large or competitive companies like Google or Facebook , starting salary for the cream of the crop college graduates is nearly $ 100,000 , not counting bonuses or stock options . Despite the financial appeal , there are n't enough computer programmers entering the U.S. workforce to fill the estimated 150,000 new computing jobs that will be produced every year for the next decade . This adds to anxiety among industry professionals and policy leaders that the U.S. could fall behind other countries in innovation if it does n't foster education in STEM  science , technology , engineering and math  . Part of the problem is that the U.S. lacks enough computer science teachers , said Wang . Recent graduates with a computer science degree are far more likely to go into the tech industry , where offers are more lucrative . Early exposure to computer science can lead students to develop an aptitude or liking for the subject , apply for opportunities like tech internships , and pursue it as a career path . But even as technology becomes an integral part of most people 's lives , fewer computer-science courses are being offered in high schools . Perhaps as a result , computer-science tests account for just 0.69 % of all high school AP tests taken . And yet knowledge of computer programming is becoming more critical in the workplace . "  Computer science is permeating every industry and every field , and its importance will only grow , " said Wang . "  Whether it 's biology , finance , architecture , or a host of other disciplines , a basic computer literacy is critical . " TEALS in NYC That the U.S. produces so few graduates in a field that will grow in importance makes the demand-supply problem only more urgent . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , never one to shy away from national issues , tried in 2011 to jumpstart the city 's tech scene with the proposal to build a world-class engineering campus . When the mayor 's office heard about TEALS after The New York Times ran an article about it in fall 2012 , officials reached out to Wang and asked him to bring the program to New York City . With help from the mayor 's Office , TEALS began setting up and recruiting volunteers . In March , Wang appeared at a New York tech meetup to invite the city 's tech community to get involved . A plug from venture capitalist and blogger Fred Wilson also helped generate interest . Interviews with applicants , conducted jointly with nine participating high schools , started this month . Wang is curious to see how the composite of the volunteer force shapes up since few major technology companies are headquartered in New York City . Selected volunteers will go through an intensive training program in the summer so that they can use a standardized curriculum and learn how to manage classrooms by the fall . Since tech professionals often have flexible working hours , the program places them in first-period classes , which usually ends shortly after 9 a.m. Volunteers are paid a small stipend to cover transportation costs . But as Wang put it , "  No one is doing this for the money . " Jeff Tyson , a Microsoft employee , began teaching at a Seattle school last September and tries to appeal to students ' creativity . "  If there is one thing we try to avoid in our class , it is  being  boring . We often try to show how deeply computer science has altered our world , " he said . "  We even have some students who plan to code artistic projects . I think Steve Jobs was spot on when he called computer science a liberal art . " Bad numbers , big gains About 80 % of TEALS ' volunteers are Microsoft employees , part of a push by the company to address the dearth of engineering talent in the U.S. . The program is also part of the Microsoft YouthSpark initiative , which seeks to provide better access to education for young people worldwide . For Donald Hense , CEO and founder of the Friendship Public Charter Schools in the Washington , D.C. , area , TEALS was a boon . "  We were excited that it could help us identify extremely qualified teachers to staff a very difficult field , " he said . "  We specifically pushed for STEM courses in our schools . Kids are judged on ability , and the ability to code is going to help them a long way in tomorrow 's world . " The numbers suggest Wang has an uphill battle . In 2012 , only 61 students took advanced-placement computer science in the entire state of Utah , for example . In the nation 's capital , it 's the same number . But Wang is taking an optimistic view . "  The numbers are so bad that anything we can do is a huge , huge gain , " he told CNN . Wang needs more students like Adrian Chavez , a senior taking a TEALS AP course at Hazen High School in Renton , Washington , who said , "  It is a dream of mine to someday work as a software engineer or programmer graphic artist in video games . " What would really help , Wang said , is if states recognized computer science as a core requirement rather than an elective . "  It really should be the fourth science course in high school , right beside biology , physics and chemistry , " he said . "  If the next generation in this country is going to compete successfully for 21st-century jobs , they 're going to need to know computer science . "	The TEALS program seeks to develop more computer-science students in the U.S. The United States has a shortage of qualified computer engineers Despite tech 's growing role in society , few high schools offer computer-science classes TEALS now has over 100 volunteers covering 35 schools in seven states
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's interim leaders declared the nation 's freedom Sunday , ushering in a new era after the death of longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi . "  Libyan lands have now been completely liberated , " said Abdul Hafiz Ghoga , vice chairman of Libya 's National Transitional Council . Cheering crowds packed a central square in Benghazi Sunday afternoon for a ceremony that leaders said formally marked victory after eight months of fighting . "  We are now united . We have become brothers in love , " said Mustafa Jalil , the council 's chairman . He called on Libyans to have "  honesty , patience and tolerance " as the nation moves toward reconciliation . The location of Sunday 's ceremony was significant . Uprisings against Gadhafi 's regime began in Benghazi in February . Audience members carried signs , waved flags and batted around balloons . As leaders spoke , the sound of celebratory machine-gun fire filled the air . Officials urged Libyans to lay down their arms , but not to let down their guard . "  Our people have achieved this freedom by the blood of our brothers , sisters and martyrs . Freedom is great and it 's got a great price . It is costly . So turn your teeth into nails and bite on it very hard . Because preserving it is more difficult than attaining it , " one military official said at the ceremony . Earlier Sunday , doctors completed Gadhafi 's autopsy at a Misrata hospital , with the chief pathologist confirming the former strongman died Thursday of a gunshot wound to the head . Dr. Othman el-Zentani , the pathologist , did not disclose additional findings . Doctors also also conducted autopsies on the bodies of Gadhafi 's son Mutassim and his former defense minister , Abu Baker Yunis . Zentani said the three bodies would likely return to the cold storage unit at a Misrata meat market where people lined up to view the corpses over the weekend . As Libya now faces the arduous task of building a new society after 42 years of Gadhafi 's rule , the NTC said it will hold elections in the coming months . Mahmoud Jibril , the chairman of the National Transitional Council executive board , put the timetable "  within a period of eight months , maximum . " The first vote will be for a national Congress that will draft a constitution . After that , parliamentary and presidential elections will be held . Already , some signs of improvement have emerged . Jibril said that oil-rich Libya is currently producing about 300,000 barrels per day , up from near zero during the depths of the eight-month Libyan conflict . The country should be back at its prewar output of 1.6 million barrels of oil per day within 15 months , he said . But even as some Libyans celebrated liberation Sunday , the International Committee of the Red Cross said it had visited thousands of newly arrested people in the battle-scarred nation , where committee representatives observed more than 30,000 displaced people , mass graves and nearly abandoned cities . More than 7,000 detainees are held in about 50 places throughout the country , the committee reported . "  When necessary , we have called upon the authorities to place detainees in proper detention facilities instead of makeshift structures such as schools , " ICRC delegate Hanan Salah said in a statement . NATO , which launched a military operation in March to protect Libyan citizens against the Gadhafi regime during the Libyan war , plans to end its mission there by October 31 . "  The work to ensure long-term peace and prosperity in Libya is just beginning . We are proud of everything we have done to assist so far , and stand ready to help the Libyan people in the future , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement Sunday . U.S. President Barack Obama congratulated leaders of Libya 's interim government after Sunday 's ceremony and said the council must now "  turn its attention to the political transition ahead . " "  We look forward to working with the  NTC  and an empowered transitional government as they prepare for the country 's first free and fair elections , " Obama said in a statement Sunday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon similarly cheered the liberation declaration and said that it marked a historical juncture . "  Today marks an occasion for Libyans to celebrate , to look forward to a future of liberties and opportunities , from the right to express an opinion freely to the right to elect their own government , " he said , promising support to the Libyan people as they work to build a "  brighter future . " Gadhafi 's family issued a statement Friday calling on the United Nations and Amnesty International to push Libya 's new leadership "  to hand over the bodies of the martyrs of their tribe so they can be buried according to Islamic rites , " a pro-Gadhafi TV station reported . The United Nations human rights office and activist groups like Amnesty and Human Rights Watch have called for a probe into Gadhafi 's death amid questions over the final moments of the late Libyan strongman 's life . They want to know whether Gadhafi was killed in crossfire or executed by fighters . The United States supports calls for an independent investigation into how Gadhafi was killed , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday . Clinton also said that after Sunday 's ceremony announcing liberation , U.S. officials will again request that convicted Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset al-Megrahi be imprisoned . "  Once there 's a government in place , we will renew our calls that Megrahi , who should never have been released in the first place , be returned to serve the rest of his sentence for the terrible crime against those passengers on Pan Am 103 , " she said . Al-Megrahi was freed from a prison in Scotland in 2009 after serving eight years of a life sentence for blowing up the Pan Am jet in 1988 , killing all 259 on board and 11 in the town of Lockerbie , Scotland , below . Doctors who had been treating him for prostate cancer gave him just three months to live , and he was released on compassionate grounds . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek , Nick Paton Walsh , Dan Rivers and Victoria Brown contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon promises support to the Libyan people Libyans wave flags , fire machine guns in celebration "  Libyan lands have now been completely liberated , " the NTC 's vice chairman says Mustafa Jalil , the NTC 's chairman , calls on Libyans to be patient and tolerant
CNN  -- Authorities have identified seven of the 10 people who died following a crash at an air show in Reno , Nevada , on Friday . The list includes the pilot , 74-year-old Jimmy Leeward , who lost control of his vintage plane before it plummeted into a crowd of spectators . Seven people , including the pilot , were killed on the tarmac , while three others died at area hospitals . Almost 70 people were injured . The six others identified are Joseph Wogan , 22 , of Arizona ; George and Wendy Hewitt of Washington state ; Regina Bynum , 53 , of Texas ; Sharon Stewart , 47 , of Nevada ; and Gregory Morcom , 47 , from Washington state . Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board announced Sunday that the small World War II-era plane was equipped with data and video recording devices that they hope to use to help determined what happened and why . NTSB member Mark Rosekind described the devices , as well as the discovery of information and pieces that may have come from the devices , as "  significant new information . " It was also not entirely expected , given the size and nature of the P-51 aircraft . "  I 'm not aware of a lot of aircraft having it , this is the first one I came across , " said Howard Plagens , the NTSB official heading the investigation . Plagens was referring to a "  box " that recorded key variables such as altitude , latitude and oil pressure . In addition , there was an outward-facing video camera on the plane , according to Rosekind . Several memory cards have been found at the wreckage site that may have come from either device and will be sent to the NTSB laboratory in Washington for a full analysis , Rosekind said . They may belong to some of the 200,000 spectators who were at the annual National Championship Air Races and Air Show . Investigators do have a copy of the "  box " data , since it was sent in real time by telemetry to sources outside the aircraft . Besides the cards , Rosekind said , parts of a plane 's tail , an "  elevator trim tab " and video camera fragments have been found . "  There were thousands of pieces of debris , " Plagens said , explaining how the site had been laid out in a grid system to help organize the investigation . As with the memory cards , one of the authorities ' first goals will be to determine whether these came from the plane . Countering earlier reports , Rosekind said Sunday that Leeward did not send a "  Mayday call , " indicating he was in distress . Investigators have repeatedly stated that it is not known why the aircraft nosedived . Some speculation has surrounded the elevator trim tab , which was breaking apart prior to the crash , a photograph shows . Investigators also will pore over "  a tremendous  amount of  video that was captured " at the scene , according to Rosekind . A preliminary report will be available Friday , but Rosekind has said the full investigation could take six to nine months . "  It 's not just what happened , it 's why it happened , " he said Sunday . "  We 're  trying to make sure this does n't happen again . "	10 people died from the crash Almost 70 people were injured The downed plane had video and data recording devices , an NTSB official says It 's unclear why the aircraft crashed , investigators have said
CNN  -- Documents recovered from Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan show that al Qaeda spoke of attacking President Barack Obama and Gen. David Petraeus , a source familiar with the materials recovered from the compound said Friday . The documents refer to an attack that would destroy the aircraft carrying Obama and Petraeus in the region , the source said , referring to the Afghanistan , Pakistan area . The documents also referred in a more general way to a desire by al Qaeda to attack the president and Petraeus , who was will be departing soon as the U.S. military commander in Afghanistan . A U.S. official , who was not authorized to speak on the record , described the Bin Laden documents as "  him in his brainstorming mode ... hey , I have an idea , what if we did this . " U.S. forces killed bin Laden during a raid on May 2 . They recovered documents and other material during the raid . Petraeus declined to comment , a spokesman said Friday . Another U.S. official said the documents showed bin Laden was interested in attacking the United States on the tenth anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . According to that official , bin Laden wrote about "  identifying a team of operatives to attack the homeland . " But the official said there was nothing specific and "  it 's unclear his discussions about those operatives were more than discussion . " The first official said overall , the documents indicate "  these were ideas , not fully or even partially planned plots . " Other materials taken from Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan have confirmed that the al Qaeda leader communicated with the Yemen-based group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , according to a third U.S. official , familiar with the ongoing U.S. analysis of the documents . The search through bin Laden 's materials has also found direct evidence that while in hiding in Pakistan , bin Laden was encouraging direct plots to attack Americans and U.S. interests in Europe late last year , according to the U.S. official . There were several threats at the time that led the United States to issue an October 2010 alert for Americans traveling in Europe , the source emphasized . Bin Laden was "  aware , supportive and trying to motivate his operatives in Europe . He was pushing them , " the source said . The U.S. intelligence community had classified information at the time suggesting that bin Laden was involved , the U.S. official said , but the documents taken from the compound have provided confirmation . Officials have previously said bin Laden always placed a top priority on trying to attack Americans .	Documents confirm that Osama bin Laden was pushing for attacks against Americans in Europe The United States killed bin Laden on May 2 Documents recovered from his compound speak of an attack on Obama and Petraeus
CNN  -- Responding to President Obama 's State of the Union comments about the "  deep and corrosive doubts about how Washington works , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that "  the American people do n't care about process . " Yet Americans have indicated that they are quite unhappy with how their government is working . According to a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll , only 28 percent of those polled believe that the federal government is "  working well , " while seven out of 10 believe that the "  unhealthy " government is in need of reform . Almost 93 percent said there was too much partisanship ; 84 percent said special interests had excessive power . We must always take these kinds of poll numbers with a grain of salt . Polls frequently show that Americans do not like how their government works , especially Congress . The U.S. is a country that has always expressed strong distrust of government . There have been a few exceptional periods , like the progressive era or the 1960s and 1970s , when this frustration turns into a concerted movement for government reform . During the 1960s and 1970s , liberal Democrats and Republicans concluded that much of their policy agenda would be impossible to achieve if the political process did not change . They perceived Vietnam and then Watergate as the outgrowth of deep flaws in how our government worked . During the 1970s , they were able to pass a series of significant reforms , such as a campaign finance system that included public funds for presidential campaigns and contribution limits . Reforms opened up more of the political process through sunshine laws and retrenched the power of the senior committee chairmen in Congress who had usually done as they pleased , ignoring the will of the majority . Ethics laws regulated the behavior of executive and legislative branch . Even the sacrosanct filibuster underwent an overhaul in 1975 : The Senate lowered the number of required to end a filibuster from two-thirds of the Senate , 67 ; to three-fifths , 60 . Many of the reforms did not work , some had unintended consequences , and others were gradually unraveled . But substantive reform was possible and , for a moment , changed the way that politics as usual worked . In addition to diminishing citizens ' trust in government , the flaws of the political process constrain and limit what kinds of policies are even possible . If President Obama , Democrats and Republicans are serious about building trust among citizens and creating a more productive political process , they should work together to do something about it . If Washington is serious about reforming the political process , three specific areas deserve immediate attention . Filibuster reform : The 60-vote supermajority Senate has become dysfunctional . Both parties have expressed frustration with their inability to move legislation through the process . Both parties have used the filibuster as a normal tool of procedural warfare . Because of the rampant use of the filibuster since the 1960s , senators expect that 60 votes are now required on almost every piece of legislation . Reform can happen again . One option would be to switch to a majority-based system in which 51 votes can end debate . Another , more feasible , option would lower the number of senators required for cloture to 55 . To improve the political prospects for any change , some observers have suggested that any reform would not take effect until after the 2012 election . Making it easier to end a filibuster is one of the most important concrete steps that Congress could take to actually diminish partisanship . The sources of partisanship are deep-rooted and hard to change . But filibuster reform would disarm both parties by weakening or removing one of their most powerful weapons . Campaign finance reform : A recent Supreme Court decision eliminated many of the barriers to corporate donations and third-party advertising . The power of private money in campaigns has been a huge political issue for over a century . Because politicians depend on interest group support to obtain funds for their campaigns , they constantly find themselves constrained when it comes to making policy . The influence of private money also diminishes public trust in government . Every story about another lobbyist like Jack Abramoff confirms their worst fears about corruption . It is not difficult to understand why Congress has crafted a health care bill that avoids making any huge changes to the basic infrastructure of the health care industry . According to The New York Times , citing the Center for Responsive Politics , the health care and insurance industry spent at least $ 648 million on lobbying in 2009 -- and 20 percent of the year-end reports were not in yet . Pharmaceutical companies spent about $ 245 million , which the Times said was more than any other single industry has ever spent lobbying on behalf of any issue . Several changes have been discussed in recent years . The administration has talked about placing certain kinds of fund-raising restrictions on companies that do business with the government . A second proposal is to build on local and state reforms by providing matching public funds to candidates who raise a certain minimum of private donations . In the end , offering an alternative source of funds to candidates and parties is the only way to change the system , or candidates will be forced to keep going back to the well of interest group money . Congressional earmarks and tax breaks : Pork-barrel politics is as American as apple pie . But in recent decades , the system by which legislators pass appropriations targeted to key interests has become pervasive . Legislators are comfortable putting provisions that are tailor-made for lobbyists or particular interests into bills . These earmarks are not subject to hearings or oversight . The use of earmarks by Senate Democrats to close the health care legislation that passed last month made the public uneasy . The other way in which Congress distributes hidden benefits is through tax breaks . During the 1960s , reformers named these "  tax expenditures " to convey the point that the government essentially spends money by forgiving certain groups of their obligation . We have not had a major tax reform initiative since 1986 . The time has come to clean out the tax code once again and reduce the number of provisions that are in the law . There is also bipartisan support for reforms that would limit the use of earmarks by legislators and make certain that they are fully disclosed upon being requested . Although voters tend to be more interested in bread-and-butter issues , as well as questions about war and peace , there are a few exceptional moments when public anger about the political system becomes so intense that we enter into a period of substantive reform . We might be reaching one of those points , but in the end it will require the initiative of the president and congressional leaders to make sure that calls for reform are not just empty rhetoric . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Public unhappy with government partisanship , ties to special interests Zelizer : Political process flaws limit change in policies Obama , Democrats and Republicans must work together to restore trust , he writes Zelizer urges reforms in filibuster system , campaign financing , earmarks and tax law
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and Chief National Correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . Herbert Hale lives on a check of a little less than $ 17 a week and whatever he can pick up from odd jobs . CHERRY CREEK , South Dakota  CNN  -- The tiny one-room house rests on a hill ; no electricity and no running water . A creaky metal cot and a rusting wood-burning stove is all the comfort Herbert Hale says he needs . "  All it is is logs , glue -- dirt and water put together -- then cement and the chicken string , " Hale says of his home . "  Long as the windows do n't break , it 's nice and warm in here . " The roof leaks a bit , and the floorboards are rotted in one corner , but Hale is n't one to complain . "  It 's home , " he says , almost under his breath , as he invites a visitor to have a look . Firewood is stacked in one corner inside , and more outside as Hale uses the summer months to stockpile for prairie winters , where 20 below zero is not all that uncommon . He also pulls bunches of long weeds in the prairie grass , to dry for use as a firestarter . "  I have to be careful , " Hale says matter-of-factly as he pulls a few fistfuls . "  Sometimes there are some snakes . Rattlesnakes . Nothing to mess around with . " He is 54 years old , a member of the Lakota tribe and part of two stunning statistics , even as communities across America deal with the pain and challenges of recession : Hale worked 16 years as a firefighter . But he began having some back problems in the early 1980s and then , "  cancer caught up with me . I have a brain tumor . " He says he gets a check for just shy of $ 17 every week from a tribal welfare fund , and tries to find odd jobs to pay for his food and to help out a diabetic sister . But there 's a catch : Tiny Cherry Creek has no such jobs . There are one or two one-room homes like Hale 's , but it is mostly a collection of a couple dozen simple modular homes provided by a federal and tribal housing program . It does n't even have a gas station or general store . So Hale heads out most days toward Eagle Butte -- 17 miles up one road and then 21 miles more up the next . A few more twists and , "  It 's about 42 to 43 miles , someplace around there . " Herbert Hale ca n't afford a car . "  Well , I take off , go to my sister 's , then get some water and take off . Somebody along the way will pick me up . " Often , that somebody is Bryce In The Woods , a member of the tribal council whose district includes Cherry Creek . "  It is bad , " he says of the area 's economic plight , walking a visitor through the gravel streets where many residents , idle because of the lack of jobs , are sitting out front or shout out a greeting from inside their small homes . To spend a day crossing the reservation is to see a place stunningly beautiful and seemingly forgotten all at once , small , poor communities tucked into the hollows of western South Dakota 's Cheyenne River Reservation . The poverty is all the more striking because of the richness of the setting : green and golden rolling hills , roaming horses and cattle , and tall corn and golden sunflowers sprouting from the fertile soil . "  Ziebach County is the No. 1 county statistically with child poverty , " he said . "  Now that alone is generational , with the trauma of poverty and the broken family . " Breaking that cycle is Bryce In The Woods ' obsession . He highlights a bright spot : A building in the community converted to a makeshift classroom and library where residents can get tutoring help and then take the GED -- the high school equivalency exam . "  It is so difficult , " he says of the challenge facing younger reservation residents . "  Some of our young people join the services , the armed services , some of them go to college or apply to college , " Bryce In The Woods told us . "  The majority , if they are staying here , end up moving to Rapid City or some of the bigger cities to try to find employment . " In Eagle Butte , the largest community on the reservation , a bustling construction site is a new source of pride . A medical center is under construction , thanks to funding from the Obama administration 's stimulus plan , and Bryce In The Woods says about 65 construction-related jobs so far have gone to tribal members . "  At this point I am very appreciative of what we have received , " Joseph Brings Plenty , the elected tribal chairman , says when we ask if the stimulus funding is enough . "  But as far as expectation , I can say no . There would be a lot more need to be fulfilled by the U.S. government for our tribe before I can say yes . " Outside , Brings Plenty 's office is a "  First Americans for Obama " sign -- a reminder the tribe was an early backer of Barack Obama . Brings Plenty says he hopes the president remembers . "  I can sympathize , empathize , with the demands , with the pressures that are on his shoulders , on his plate and put in front of him , " Brings Plenty said during a break from a Tribal Council meeting . The biggest help Obama and Congress could give , the chairman and others told us , is greater water rights . The tribe has money for more housing , but ca n't build because the water pressure is too low and its treatment systems too outdated to handle increased demand . "  I feel that we are forgotten because we do n't have that voice out there , " Chairman Brings Plenty said . "  It 's demoralizing in a way for some of our members that go out and receive an education and come back and are unable to get a job here . " To be clear , Chairman Brings Plenty and Bryce In the Woods say not all of the tribe 's problems rest with the federal government . Both mentioned obstacles and disagreements born of factional tribal politics and rivalries , which were in full evidence during just a few minutes of the Tribal Council 's debate . In The Woods is also a strong advocate for land reforms he says would get the tribe a better deal for grazing rights on its property . Still , they would welcome more economic development help , from the state and from Washington , but say their voices do n't always get heard , even in the best of times . "  When it comes down to a vote , a lot of the urban representatives , I do n't think they really know the plight on the reservation , " Bryce In the Woods said . "  I think there is a stereotype out there that all tribes have casinos and that 's not true . " Herbert Hale shrugs when asked if Washington has a responsibility to help his struggling community . "  I ca n't really say , " he said quietly . "  I 'm not into politics to tell you the truth . I was when I was younger , back in the '80s . " Now , he lives the simplest of lives . A few hours of work if he is lucky , and perhaps an hour or two collecting wood , even in the scorching August sun . The temperature neared 100 degrees on the day of our visit , yet Hale 's wood stove was warm to the touch . Prairie mornings can still be chilly . More important , memories of winter 's past remind Hale of the value of his growing stockpile . "  Sometimes it 's a long walk , " he says . "  Especially in February . Twenty below and I have to walk . Often no cars ... A few times I felt like falling asleep on the road . I told myself , ` Fall asleep , you 're froze and you 're gone . ' I pushed myself to keep walking . " Once home , he has a battery-powered radio and uses a small kerosene lamp to pass time at night reading . He 's extra careful because he recently broke its glass chimney , so the flame burns without protection from the winds that can pick up suddenly . Herbert 's worries are more immediate than whether the president or any other politician understands his plight . "  They never stopped up here , " he says . "  If they did , I was n't home . " On the odd jobs in town , $ 1 here and $ 5 there adds up -- not too much , but his goals are modest . "  You know , take the trash out . I sweep the front . A few dollars a day would n't hurt . That 's as good as you need . That 's all I care about . One day at a time . "	In nation 's poorest county , about 56 percent of residents live below poverty line Herbert Hale , who is a member of the Lakota tribe , is unemployed Hale gets about $ 17 a week from a tribal welfare fund ; tries to find odd jobs Lawmakers do n't get "  the plight on the reservation , " tribal council member says
CNN  -- I ca n't remember exactly when I began reading Ebony . I 've been flipping -- now scrolling -- its pages as long as I can remember . Like family , it 's just always been there and helped form my perspective . That 's why it was so troubling for me when a senior editor of the esteemed magazine , Jamilah Lemieux , recently went on a Twitter tirade against black Republicans , failing to uphold the standards that I 'd come to expect from Ebony . "  I care about NOTHING you have to say , " she wrote while disparaging conservatives and Republicans in general . This was not the Ebony I 'd grown up with , I thought , the Ebony I 'd worked with , that encouraged political discourse and diversity of opinion . To my relief , the next day , Ebony issued an apology for its editor 's actions after receiving a letter from Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus . "  EBONY strongly believes in the marketplace of ideas , " the editors wrote in their response . And we all should . Any good publication allows for diversity of thought . Any good journalist should be able to listen to all sides of an issue . She should not resort to the virtual equivalent of putting her fingers in her ears . As a conservative black woman , I understand I 'm in the minority of a minority . But I challenge all of those who disagree with me to listen to what my party has to say . Are your opinions based on hasty assumptions ? Or were they formed after reasoned debate ? We do n't have to agree on every issue . We should n't . But we ca n't claim to be informed citizens if we refuse even to hear another perspective . And it 's never been more important for us to be informed than at a time when our political clout as black Americans , especially black women , is growing . In last year 's gubernatorial race in Virginia , where I live , black women turned out to vote at a rate higher than other demographic groups , according to exit polls , just as we did in the past two presidential elections . It 's in our interest to understand the full spectrum of political ideas . Most black Americans only need to ask a parent or grandparent to hear stories of when the opinions , views and voices of blacks were silenced , not because of what they said but because of who we are . Some of us have experienced that bigotry firsthand . How can any one of us , then , be so quick to refuse to listen to others ? If you take the time to listen , you might be surprised at what you hear . Ask a Republican about education policy , and you might learn that she is fighting to ensure school choice is the right of parents to choose the school that 's right for their kids , regardless of their ZIP code . Yes , Republicans agree with the majority of black parents . If a black female entrepreneur asked a conservative about economic policy , she might learn that Republicans at every level of government are fighting to streamline regulations so that she can grow her business faster , hire more workers and keep more of what she earns . Yes , Republicans are fighting for her , too . If the young black millennial who 's looking for work asked a Republican congressman what he 'd done for him lately , he 'd hear about the 40 jobs bills that the Republican-led House of Representatives has passed but the Democrat-run Senate has refused to consider . Yes , you might be surprised . In the course of my career , I 've worked as a journalist and held editorial management positions at a number of media outlets . Objectivity and balanced coverage were demanded ; personal views could not and did not interfere with a reporter 's duty to tell the full story . That 's because journalism and political discourse must make room for a diversity of opinions . The "  marketplace of ideas " can sort out what 's right , wrong , persuasive and not . And it wo n't be the same for every person . But for me and many others , conservative policy solutions offer more financial freedom , greater religious freedom and more economic opportunities . And if you ca n't understand why , well , that 's all the more reason why we need to engage in meaningful political discussion . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Tara Wall feels that diversity of ideas is just as important as racial differences She points to the recent uproar over Ebony magazine and one editor 's Twitter comments Wall says Republicans have done much to support jobs and black families
CNN  -- Contemporary and often abstract , Minsuk Cho 's buildings can baffle , delight and dazzle . The 44 year-old South Korean is one of the world 's foremost architects who is drawing upon different ideas while trying to convey a modern form of Korean architecture . "  Korea is a peninsula culture which contrasts from the big land culture of China , which is incredibly rich , and also the island culture of Japan , " Cho told CNN . "  We 've been very influenced ; it 's almost like a bridge country to observe the many other influences of the past . Also , there is some tough history . " Trying to distill amorphous concepts of Korean-ness into physical form was Cho 's task when he designed the South Korean pavilion at the recent Shanghai Expo . For an architect who had spent a large part of his professional life outside of South Korea it was a unique experience . "  I 'd been influenced by many other cultures , so that was a big challenge to address this Korean quality in a contemporary way , " Cho said . "  We had a time challenge situation because they selected the design very late and most of the other pavilions had designs already . So -- bigger and faster -- and we had to deal with the economic situation . The combination of those three was tough -- a bigger , faster and cheaper situation -- which has become almost default situation in Asian cities . " Many of Cho 's buildings are in South Korea , but some of his temporary structures , such as the "  Air Forest " set up in Denver , U.S. , in 2008 and "  Ring Dome " seen in Milan and Yokohama , have made it abroad . Cho grew up believing he would be an artist , but it was only after he picked out a book from his father 's library that he was inspired to follow in his father 's footsteps and become an architect as well . That was when he was 12 years old and after he graduated from Yonsei University in South Korea he moved to the Graduate School of Architecture at Columbia , New York . From New York he moved to the Netherlands to work for OMA , an architecture firm led by Rem Koolhaas . His time working with Koolhaas , who is often called a "  starchitect " as one of the industry 's best known names , had a great affect on Cho . "  I think that what I learnt from him is that sometimes you get impatient with limitations but limitations can be a leverage ... it just takes more patience and intelligent investigation about these limits , " he said . "  He 's really a positive role model . But usually -LSB- the term "  starchitect " -RSB- has a negative term for people that have plateaued at their creativity and start selling their brand name which is also happening a lot here . -LSB- Koolhaas -RSB- is constantly visiting and learning and observing from this country and enriching his own work . " It was not until 2003 that Cho made it back to South Korea to set up his firm , Mass Studies , so some questioned if he was the best candidate to design South Korea 's pavilion at the Shanghai Expo . But for Cho his time abroad and work in general is much more than just a national concern and forging a singular identity . "  As an architect it 's not about replacing one identity but more about enriching our work , " he said .	Cho is a contemporary architect from South Korea Worked with Rem Koolhaas with firm OMA Cho designed the South Korean pavilion at the Shanghai Expo
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will open its market to most U.S. beef , a senior government official said Thursday , according to state media . Thousands of people have taken to the streets of the South Korean capital in protest at the deal South Korea banned imports of U.S. beef in 2003 amid concerns over a case of mad cow disease in the United States . The ban closed what was then the third-largest market for U.S. beef exporters . It resumed limited imports last year -- allowing boneless beef from cattle under 30 months of age -- but that re-opening was subject to interruptions and closed altogether in October 2007 . A deal that South Korea and the United States struck last month bans the import of high-risk materials , like tonsils , brains , spinal cord marrow and a section of the small intestine , Agriculture Minister Chung Woon-chun said Thursday , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . These parts pose the greatest risk of transmitting mad cow disease to humans . The ban will be lifted within a few days , once the government 's new import rules have been published . The pending resumption of U.S. beef imports has n't been without political costs for President Lee Myung-bak . He apologized to the nation last week for failing to fully understand concerns about mad cow disease . In downtown Seoul , thousands of people have regularly staged protests , chanting "  We do n't want crazy cows , " since the deal to revive beef imports was announced . And the main opposition party has taken up the fight . "  We will be forced to make a critical decision if the government pushes through its plan to announce resumption of beef imports , " said Sohn Hak-kyu , leader of the main opposition United Democratic Party , Yonhap reported . "  If the government and the ruling party ignore this warning , we will come up with every possible measure to stop them . " The opposition has already filed a suit to suspend implementation of new beef import terms , according to Yonhap . Lee 's ruling Grand National Party  GNP  is working to soothe tensions , saying that American beef is safe to eat and that adequate safety precautions have been taken . "  The government has tried its best to free the public from unnecessary concerns , and sufficient countermeasures have been prepared , " said Lee Hahn-koo , the party 's chief policymaker , Yonhap reported . When South Korea and the United States reached the deal in April to re-open the South Korean market , they removed the major obstacle to U.S. congressional approval of the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement  FTA  . Lee urged the National Assembly this month to ratify the agreement as soon as possible to provide fresh impetus to the sluggish Korean economy , saying it will create 300,000 jobs . But the opposition has promised to fight the FTA until the beef pact is nullified . In 2003 , the United States exported $ 815 million pounds of beef and beef variety meats to South Korea . The U.S. beef industry has lost up to $ 4 billion since the market closed , according to the U.S. Meat Export Federation .	South Korea to open market to most U.S. beef says government official Ban began in 2003 amid concerns over a case of mad cow disease in the U.S. New agreement bans the import of high-risk materials , like tonsils and brains Thousands of S. Koreans have regularly staged protests against U.S. beef imports
CNN  -- It was n't exactly the Miracle on Ice but the U.S. pulled off a minor upset when it controversially beat Russia 3-2 in a nail-biting penalty shootout that highlighted Day Eight at the Sochi Winter Olympics . Thirty-four years ago Herb Brook 's men stunned the mighty Soviet Union in Lake Placid , New York to take gold in the ice hockey competition , one of the biggest shocks in a team event in Olympic history . Saturday 's group game marked the first time the U.S. contested an Olympic hockey game in Russia since that memorable occasion and none other than Russian President Vladimir Putin was in the stands to witness proceedings in his hockey-mad nation . Russians and other Eastern Europeans have long since made their mark in the NHL and the Cold War is over but it was a match neither team wanted to lose . T.J. Oshie emerged as the hero for the U.S. , outshining Russian captain Pavel Datsyuk -- who plies his trade for the Detroit Red Wings in the NHL . Oshie scored all four of the U.S. 's goals in the shootout that went to a whopping eight rounds . Blog : Superpower showdown had everything "  My hands are a little tingling , my feet are tingling , " Oshie told reporters . "  It was pretty nerve-racking out there . We knew it would take 65 minutes and then some  to win  . " But the referees were in the spotlight , too , disallowing what would have been the winning goal for Russia with less than five minutes remaining in the third period after the net was knocked out of place . Although Russia realistically is n't in danger of failing to advance to the quarterfinals , it slipped behind the 2-0 U.S. in Group A. Datsyuk opened the scoring midway in the second period , only for Cam Fowler to equalize late in the period . The U.S. reclaimed the advantage when Joe Pavelski netted past Sergei Bobrovski but Russia tied proceedings through Datsyuk 's second past Jonathan Quick midway in the third . Then , Fedor Tyutin thought he handed Russia a famous victory , though the referees did n't allow his effort . "  I do n't know what happened there , but definitely it was a goal , " Russian superstar Alexander Ovechkin told reporters . "  Nobody touched the net . Their goalie touched the net and put it out . " Quick , however , said he did n't know the net was loose . Bobrovski saved a breakaway to force the shootout , where Oshie registered the winner after Ilya Kovalchuk missed in the shootout . "  I did  feel pressure  a little bit , but then the puck hits your stick and you start skating , " said Oshie . "  It 's just you and the goalie . I was fortunate enough to keep  Bobrovski  guessing and Quickie did his great job . " Still no joy for U.S. in speed skating The Netherlands won a medal in the men 's 1,500-meter speed skating event . The U.S. did n't . In short , nothing new , then . The gold medalist was a surprise , though , in the form of Zbigniew Brodka -- who became Poland 's first speed skating Olympic champion . The part-time fireman edged Dutchman Koen Verweij by three-thousandths of a second in a race so tight that initially Verweij was listed as the winner . "  When I saw I had won , it was an unbelievable feeling , " Brodka said . Verweij was far from euphoric as he tallied the Netherlands ' 13th medal in speed skating -- tying a Games record -- in Sochi . "  I should be happy winning silver but this feels like a huge loss , " he said . "  At the moment it feels like all my hard work and my consistent races were for nothing . After such a season you know you can do it , and I felt pretty good . " American Shani Davis , who slumped in the 1,000 meters as the two-time defending champion , placed a distant 11th even after the U.S. team changed its Under Armour skin suits that were thought to be a contributing factor to its woes . It reverted to a previous version of the suits . Poland landed another gold Saturday , with Kamil Stoch completing a personal double by adding the large hill title to his crown in the normal hill event . Stoch became the third man to pull off the sweep at the same Olympics . More Austrian success in super-G Austria won its third straight gold in the women 's super-g at the Olympics when Anna Fenninger upset the pre-race favorites on a tricky course . Fenninger , last year 's Sportswoman of the Year in Austria , finished in one minute , 25.52 seconds to emulate the feats of Andrea Fischbacher in Vancouver four years ago and Michaela Dorfmeister in Turin in 2006 . Current overall leader Maria Hoefl-Riesch claimed silver -- adding to her gold in the super combined -- and Austria 's Nicole Hosp took the bronze . Hoefl-Riesch and Hosp were well behind Fenninger , more than half-a-second adrift . Almost half of the starters did n't complete the run . "  I 've had races where I went through the finish line and I knew this was it -- ` This was a winner . ' But this was not one of them , " the 24-year-old Fenninger told reporters . "  I only realized what had happened when I stood on the top of the podium , " she added . "  My feeling is indescribable . I just hope the realization will sink in the way I imagined it so I can properly enjoy myself by this evening . " Russian golds Elsewhere on Day Eight , adopted Russian Viktor Ahn -- he formerly represented South Korea under the name Ahn Hyun-soo -- bagged the home country 's first ever gold medal in short track speed skating in the 1,000 meters and Alexander Tretiakov added to the host 's haul of gold by bettering the field in the men 's skeleton . However , there was also somber news for Russia , with freestyle skier Maria Komissarova fracturing her vertebrae and displacing her spine after a fall in training . The 23-year-old immediately underwent surgery that lasted 6 1/2 hours , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency said on its website . "  It was successful , " Mikhail Vezhba , a Russian Freestyle Federation spokesman , was quoted as saying by RIA Novosti .	The U.S. beats Russia 3-2 in a shootout 34 years after the ` Miracle on Ice ' in Lake Placid T.J. Oshie scored four goals in the shootout to outshine Russian captain Pavel Datsyuk Poland gets its first speed skating Olympic champion while the U.S. slumps again Austria 's Anna Fenninger collects her first gold medal in a tough super-g
CNN  -- Hundreds of people were evacuated Sunday amid flood concerns after a long-dormant volcano erupted beneath a glacier in south Iceland . It was the first time since 1821 that the volcano under the Eyjafjallajokull glacier has erupted . More than 600 people were evacuated as scientists monitored a fissure in the volcano from which lava was erupting . The fissure measured about 1,640 to 3,281 feet  500 to 1,000 meters  . Despite the remote location of the eruption , if the fissure "  develops further towards the glacier , the melting floodwater ... will create dangerous floods in a populated area in south Iceland , " said Gudrun Johannesdottir , a project manager for Iceland 's Joint Rescue and Coordination Center . The country 's civil protection agency did not immediately record any injuries or damage . Eyjafjallajokull is about 100 miles  160 kilometers  east of the capital , Reykjavik .	NEW : Scientists concerned eruption could melt part of glacier , flood populated areas First time since 1821 that the volcano under Eyjafjallajokull glacier has erupted Eyjafjallajokull is about 100 miles east of Reykjavik
CNN  -- Months after rescuers found them struggling and covered in oil , 33 endangered and threatened young sea turtles are finally going home to the Gulf of Mexico . Scientists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries and the Audubon Nature Institute freed the turtles Thursday in waters about 40 miles southwest of Grand Isle , Louisiana . This marked the latest mass release of turtles since about 500 were rescued in the weeks and months after the massive months-long oil spill . "  We were able to release these turtles because they 're now healthy , and we 're seeing recovery in the surface habitats of the Gulf of Mexico , " NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco said in a news release . The spill began after an April 20 explosion on the offshore drilling platform Deepwater Horizon that killed 11 men . Two days later , the platform sank and oil started gushing into the Gulf . In early August , owner BP used cement and mud to plug the damaged Gulf of Mexico well . Officials formally declared an end to the oil spill disaster on September 19 , though considerable efforts remained to clean up area waters and revive wildlife affected by the spill . Earlier this month , NOAA reopened federal waters off the Louisiana coast to fishing . Thursday 's release marked another milestone in the area 's recovery , according to those involved . "  Returning this group of sea turtles to their home waters is ... a sign that Louisiana is on the path towards recovery , " said Randy Pausina , an assistant secretary for Louisiana 's office of fisheries . The 33 turtles had been rescued more than three months ago by federal officials and state wildlife authorities from Louisiana , Florida and Georgia , as well as the Riverhead Foundation and the In-Water Research Group . They were rehabilitated at the Audubon Nature Institute in New Orleans . They included green , Kemp 's ridley and hawksbill sea turtles , which are classified as endangered species . There also were loggerheads , which are a threatened species . With 270 turtles having been cleaned , nursed back to health and released , there are more than 200 still in rehabilitation sites around the area . Scientists did extensive aerial and shipboard tests earlier this week on the waters near the release point , making sure the sargassum algae was clean . Young turtles thrive in such areas , which provide protection from predators and ample food , including small crabs , snails and other creatures . "  Six months ago , it was nearly impossible to imagine this day would ever come , " said Ron Forman , the Audubon Nature Institute 's CEO and president .	The turtles were among 500 rescued after the mammoth months-long oil spill They are now healthy , and the habitat is recovering , scientist say Experts say the release is further evidence that the Gulf waters are recovering
CNN  -- Chelsea ended Manchester City 's 100 % home record in the English Premier League with a 1-0 win at the Etihad Stadium on Monday evening . Home fans had enjoyed a feast of 42 goals in 11 previous home league fixtures this term , but it was Jose Mourinho 's side who walked away with the spoils on this occasion . The goal which ultimately settled the match came in the 32nd minute after a threatening Chelsea attack looked to have broken down . Ramires had a shot blocked by Vincent Kompany after Eden Hazard had cut the ball back from the right , but the ball rolled out invitingly to Ivanovic who thundered a low left-foot drive past a helpless Hart . It was a lead that Chelsea deserved after limiting City to few chances in the first half while operating nimbly on the break . The visitors were unlucky not to double their lead a minute before halftime as the excellent Hazard this time found space on the left . His cross flashed across the six-yard box before falling at the feet of Samuel Eto'o , but the Cameroon striker could only direct his shot onto the bar . The Blues were at it again in the second half when Nemanja Matic 's rasping drive clattered the crossbar in the 53rd minute as Chelsea took control against an increasingly wasteful City side whose best chances came from long range . Silva forced Petr Cech into a fine save from a 73rd-minute free kick and substitute Stevan Jovetic  on for Alvaro Negredo  also went close in injury time , but Chelsea held firm to record a vital win in the title race . "  I think we played fantastic , " Mourinho told Sky Sports afterwards . "  Against a fantastic team to play the way we did I think is amazing . "  The best team in the Premier League we beat them twice and especially today we were fantastic . They had a couple of chances to score but we had the better chances to kill the game and the players played with fantastic spirit , " he added . "  While they had the ball we were all very humble and very ready to work defensively and when we had the ball we were trying to play and we played really well . " Chelsea return to the Etihad in just under two weeks to face City in the fifth round of the FA Cup , where they will look to inflict a third defeat on Pellegrini 's side this season following tonight 's win and their 2-1 league win at Stamford Bridge in October last year . Defeat for City not only ends a run of 11 home league wins but an unbeaten run of 20 matches . It was also the first time they had failed to score at home since a 0-0 draw against Birmingham City way back in November 2010 -- a sequence stretching back 61 games . Tonight 's result sees Arsenal , who beat Crystal Palace 2-0 on Sunday , stay on top with 55 points from 24 matches . Chelsea stay in third , but are now level on 53 points with second-place City . Two other games were played in Europe on Monday . In Serie A , Sampdoria beat Genoa 1-0 while in La Liga Villarreal 's 3-1 win against Osasuna moves them to 40 points and within three of fourth-placed Athletic Bilbao . Read more : Bayern juggernaut rolls on Read more : Spain mourns the loss of ` tiki taka ' master	Chelsea end Manchester City 's 100 % home league record with a 1-0 win at Etihad Stadium Jose Mourinho 's side remain in third place but are now level on 53 points with City Villarreal beat Osasuna 3-1 in La Liga to move within three points of fourth-place Bilbao
London  CNN  -- The widow of an Israeli Olympian killed in a terrorist attack on the 1972 Munich Games made an urgent plea Wednesday for a minute of silence at the opening ceremony to remember her husband and 10 other Israelis murdered 40 years ago . Ankie Spitzer was joined by three members of Congress and top American Jewish community leaders in the effort to make the International Olympic Committee change its stance . The head of the International Olympics Committee has rejected repeated calls for a moment of silence during the opening ceremony , despite the urging of President Barack Obama , his Republican rival Mitt Romney , and other public figures . "  We feel that the Opening Ceremony is an atmosphere that is not fit to remember such a tragic incident , " Jacques Rogge , president of the International Olympic Committee , said Saturday . He reportedly participated in a small ceremony in the Olympic Village on Tuesday , but William Daroff of the Jewish Federations of North America said Wednesday that was not good enough . "  There is a need for a larger moment that the world can participate in , " he said . More than 106,000 people have signed an online petition calling for a moment of silence in memory of the 11 Israeli athletes and coaches killed by Palestinian militants at the games in Munich , Germany , 40 years ago . A German policeman and five of the attackers also died . Rep. Eliot Engel , a New York Democrat , Wednesday accused the IOC of "  playing political games . " "  For those of the IOC who say that this  moment of silence  is political , I would say just the opposite : If this were any nation other than Israel , there would have been a moment of silence long ago , " he argued . The 1972 attack "  disrupted the sanctity of these Games , which are not supposed to be political , " he said , calling a minute of silence "  a matter of decency . " Engel , Rep. Nita Lowey of New York and Rep. Ted Deutch of Florida , all Democrats , have written a joint letter to the IOC urging it to allow the minute of silence on Friday . Read more : Obama says yes to Olympic tribute Israel 's Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon has also been a vocal proponent , campaigning on Facebook and Twitter for "  Just One Minute " of silence . The refusal of the IOC to back the plan "  told us as Israelis that this tragedy is yours alone and not a tragedy within the family of nations , " Ayalon said in May . Spitzer , whose husband , Andrei , was among those killed , was the first to sign the petition . "  They came to Munich in 1972 to play as athletes in the Olympics ; they came in peace and went home in coffins , " she writes in the online plea . She says she has "  no political or religious agenda . Just the hope that my husband and the other men who went to the Olympics in peace , friendship and sportsmanship are given what they deserve . One minute of silence will clearly say to the world that what happened in 1972 can never happen again . " Rogge said Saturday that the IOC would "  be present " at the September 5 ceremony honoring the dead at the site where they were killed in Germany . "  We are going to pay a homage to the athletes , of course , as we always have done in the past and will do in the future , " he said . The attack began in the early hours of September 5 , 1972 , when eight Palestinian terrorists disguised in track suits broke into the Olympic Village in Munich . Read more : Can we feel safe in a crowd anymore ? They stormed the apartments housing Israeli athletes and coaches , killing two and taking nine others hostage . Hours later , the world woke up to the image of a masked man on the balcony of the Olympic Village . From the Olympic Village , the militants demanded the release of 200 Arab inmates from Israeli prisons or they would start killing the athletes in Munich , one every hour . Israel refused to negotiate , and the terrorists demanded an airplane to Egypt . The German government then attempted a rescue at the airport . When it was over , all the Israelis , five terrorists and one German police officer lay dead . The Munich Games were temporarily suspended , and a memorial service attended by some 80,000 people was held at the Olympic Stadium . Opinion : Olympics , mark dark day in Munich CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Activists want a minute of silence at the opening ceremony for 11 Israelis killed in 1972 Rep. Eliot Engel of New York accuses the IOC of "  playing political games " by saying no The International Olympic Committee head says it 's not the right venue for the tribute 11 Israelis , a German policeman and 5 terrorists were killed in Munich 40 years ago
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy on Friday suspended two senior military intelligence officers ' access to classified materials in connection with an investigation into alleged illegal and improper relations with a defense contractor . Classified access was suspended for Vice Adm.Ted Branch , director of Naval Intelligence , and Rear Adm. Bruce Loveless , director of Intelligence Operations , according to Rear Adm. John F. Kirby , Navy chief of information . Kirby said the decision to suspend their classified access was made based upon the nature of allegations against Branch and Loveless in connection with an ongoing Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation . The NCIS is investigating possible illegal and improper relations with Navy contractor Leonard Francis , a Malaysian citizen and CEO of Singapore-based Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd. . There is no indication , nor do the allegations suggest that there was any breach of classified information , Kirby said . Neither Branch nor Loveless has been charged with any crime or violation . Both retain their ranks and security clearances . They are on temporary leave . Kirby said the suspension was deemed prudent given the sensitive nature of the admirals ' current duties and to protect the integrity of the investigative process , The allegations against Branch and Loveless involve conduct prior to their current assignments and flag officer ranks , Kirby said . NCIS initiated the investigation in 2010 . "  We will continue to make public as much information as we can without prejudicing the conduct of this investigation , " Kirby said in a statement . On Wednesday , Cmdr. Jose Luis Sanchez , 41 , was arrested in Florida and faces charges of conspiracy to commit bribery , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in San Diego . He was the third Navy official has been charged in a case accusing them of accepting prostitution and other services from Francis in exchange for business and favorable treatment , according to the attorney 's office . Francis was arrested earlier this year in San Diego . Federal prosecutors allege Sanchez , as deputy logistics officer in the U.S. 7th Fleet and later as the Fleet Logistics Command 's operations director , directed Navy business and sensitive information to Francis ' company , which provides security , supplies and other services to U.S. Navy ships at various ports . In return , Francis gave Sanchez more than $ 100,000 , travel expenses and prostitutes during a period covering January 2009 to April 2013 , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Third Navy official arrested in bribery case Two other Navy officials -- Cmdr. Michael Vannak Khem Misiewicz and Naval Criminal Investigative Service Supervisory Special Agent John Bertrand Beliveau II -- were arrested in probes involving Francis ' company in September . According to federal prosecutors , Misiewicz , 46 , as deputy operations officer of the U.S. 7th Fleet , helped schedule visits of U.S. Navy ships to ports where Francis ' company worked . "  In return , Francis provided Misiewicz with paid travel , luxury hotel stays and prostitution services , " the San Diego U.S. attorney 's office said . The information Misiewicz passed on to Francis was "  confidential , " meaning its disclosure could cause serious harm to U.S. national security , the U.S. attorney 's office said . It detailed Navy ship movements months in advance , according to the U.S. attorney . A separate complaint alleges Beliveau , 44 , provided Francis with information about an NCIS fraud investigation into his company 's dealings with the Navy . "  In exchange , Francis provided Beliveau with , among other things , paid travel , luxury hotel stays and prostitution services , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . No evidence was found that Beliveau paid for his hotel or travel , or that he reimbursed Francis for the trip . Francis also arranged for a female escort to entertain Beliveau while there , according to the complaint . In return , Francis allegedly saved 125 NCIS investigative reports to his government computer . The affidavit states the reports were in connection with the NCIS investigation into Glenn Defense Marine Asia -- Francis ' company . Francis , Sanchez , Misiewicz and Beliveau are charged with conspiring to commit bribery and could face up to five years in prison if convicted .	Navy suspends classified access of Vice Adm. Ted Branch , Rear Adm. Bruce Loveless Branch is director of Naval Intelligence , Loveless is director of Intelligence Operations Navy spokesman : Neither has been charged with any crime or violation 3 Navy officials and a defense contractor have been arrested in a bribery probe
CNN  -- Severe weather tore across central Florida on Thursday , causing damage and spawning an apparent tornado in Tampa , the National Weather Service said . A heavy storm with strong winds hit the Sun 'n Fun aviation fair at Lakeland Linder Regional Airport , causing "  extensive minor damage and reports of minor injuries , " but "  all persons so far have been accounted for , " said Sgt. Terri Smith of the Lakeland Police Department . The National Weather Service had reported a building collapse that trapped 70 people at the airport , but that report was false , Smith said . The Sun 'n Fun International Fly-In & Expo is a six-day aviation-themed festival that provides the primary source of funding for Sun 'n Fun , a nonprofit organization , and its wholly owned subsidiary , the Florida Air Museum . Greg Lane , a Sun 'n Fun volunteer who is working with a low-power AM radio station at the airport , said the "  sky went from gray to black to bluish green " as the storm rolled in . "  You could n't see the tents that were 50 feet across the drive from us , " he said . The state 's emergency management office said it has deployed personnel to the airport and is monitoring the situation , according to spokeswoman Melanie Motiska . In Tampa , meanwhile , an apparent tornado touched down , and parts of Hillsborough County were under a tornado warning that the weather service issued at 11:51 a.m. . The warning covered parts of Hillsborough and Polk counties . Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio said there has been some damage to residences and businesses in the city as a result of "  very , very severe weather . " However , she said , there have been no injuries , and "  I think we 're faring well . " She said trees , including huge oaks , have been upended and power lines have been downed . The fire department has been at the scene of every structural damage incident , Iorio said . She added that there might be more severe damage outside the city . Iorio added that since Wednesday , media reports had warned residents that "  today 's the day to stay inside " because of bad weather . "  It 's going to be a big system for the rest of the day , " said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers , referring to the low-pressure system and cold front that developed over the Gulf of Mexico and moved east across Florida . "  You need to get inside your home and away from the glass . " The storm damaged about 25 homes in Hillsborough County , Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Debbie Carter said . Severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings have been issued across north and central Florida and will remain in effect until 8 p.m. ET , emergency spokeswoman Motiska said . Additional strong to severe thunderstorms with damaging winds , hail , heavy rain , lightning and isolated tornadoes are also possible through the evening . A photo on the website of Bay News 9 showed an overturned small airplane at the St. Petersburg/Clearwater airport . The affiliate also broadcast images of damaged street signs and billboards as high winds swept through the area . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : 25 homes in Hillsborough County were damaged by the storm Thunderstorm and tornado warnings are in effect until 8 p.m. ET Reports that an airport building collapsed , trapping 70 people , are false , police say Florida 's emergency management office says it has deployed personnel to the airport
CNN  -- Travelers do n't always have to fight the masses and schlep overseas to find exotic vacation thrills . Safari West near Sonoma , California , offers a taste of Africa in North America . If you know where to look , you can find destinations closer to home that offer relief from crowds and pricey travel arrangements . The right location can generate the makings of an African or European vacation -- without leaving North America . Along the same lines , wine-lovers yearning for a taste of the Napa Valley do n't necessarily have to travel to California . Watch more about getaways with an exotic vibe " Africa-like safari If you 've always wanted to take an African safari but do n't have the time or money , Sarah Kantrowitz of Travel + Leisure recommends traveling to Sonoma , California , for a host of wild adventures . In the heart of wine country , Safari West offers a slice of Serengeti life with 400 acres of preserve . "  You 'll be able to visit almost 500 animals including cheetahs , zebra and wildebeest , " says Kantrowitz . Climb aboard their Classic Safari Truck tour to observe over 80 species of wild animals in a natural habitat . Safari West 's director of communications Aphrodite Caserta calls the tour a "  do n't miss experience . " "  Simply , " she says , "  it 's a rare opportunity to experience an authentic African adventure without a passport and without the jet lag . And , without spending thousands of dollars . " Safari West also offers private truck tours , educational animal presentations and overnight tent accommodations . They even offer many seasonal specials to make your stay more affordable . Check out http://www.safariwest.com/ for information on their Full Moon Madness package . You can save 50 percent off room rates on or around the full moon each month . Napa Valley-esque wine tastings If it 's wine you want , find an alternative to Napa Valley in Michigan 's Leelanau and Old Mission peninsulas . Here you 'll discover more than 850 acres of land and more than 20 wineries for your choosing . The area offers tastings and gourmet meals , and Kantrowitz says , "  The region is particularly known for its great pinot blancs . " It also boasts plenty of opportunities for outdoor activities like scenic bike tours of the wine trails and camping on the lakeshore . Andrew MacFarlane , spokesperson for the Leelanau Peninsula Vintner 's Association , considers Michigan wine country unique because the effects of the Great Lakes perfect the wine and the atmosphere . He says , "  It 's blue skies , no humidity . It 's an absolutely beautiful place to come in any season . " Check out Leelanau 's and Old Mission 's Web sites for winery lists , wine trail maps , special events and more . Pseudo-European getaways With the Euro still dominating the American dollar , try looking in your own backyard for European flair with a considerably smaller price tag . You can get a taste of France without breaking the bank in Quebec . Quebec City , the province 's capital , offers an experience rich in cultural heritage . Settled about 400 years ago by French fur traders , the city hosts many examples of 18th and 19th century architecture and the distinction of being the only fortified city north of Mexico . "  Consider walking the streets and exploring the wonderful shops that sell wine , cheese and delicious baguettes , " says Kantrowitz . Visit http://www.quebecregion.com/e/ for Quebec City 's calendar of events and recommendations for dining , shopping and lodging in the area . Here you can also find information on different tours and package deals . If it 's Spanish culture that interests you , look no further than St. Augustine , Florida . The nation 's oldest city was founded more than 400 years ago , and its Colonial Spanish Quarter Museum gives visitors the opportunity to see what life was like in the city when it was still an outpost of the Spanish empire . Through the state 's preservation effort , many of the colonial buildings in St. Augustine have been restored to their original appearance . Kantrowitz suggests taking a pedestrian route through the city . She says , "  Try a walking tour to see a lot of architecture that is very reminiscent of Spain itself . " Head over to http://www.visitflorida.com/ for St. Augustine photos , up-to-date deals and user-generated activity suggestions .	St. Augustine , Florida , offers Old World Spain without leaving North America 400-year-old Quebec City is the only fortified city north of Mexico California has a slice of Africa 's Serengeti : cheetahs , zebra and wildebeest Michigan 's Leelanau and Old Mission peninsulas offer excellent wine tourism
CNN  -- A man known for his grand 6 million-light Christmas display was found shot and killed in his home on Friday morning . A family member found John Chakalos , 87 , in his home in Windsor , Connecticut , according a Windsor police department press release . The medical examiner 's office ruled that Chakalos died of a gunshot wound to the head . The police are conducting an active homicide investigation , based on the condition of the body when it was found and because police did not recover a weapon at the scene , Windsor police Capt. Tom Lepore said . Windsor police were first to arrive on scene , and the department called in the Connecticut State Police major crimes squad to assist , Lepore said . Detectives are working to piece together events in the weeks leading up to Chakalos ' death , Lepore said . Chakalos and his wife Rita , who died a week before Thanksgiving , were known in Chesterfield , New Hampshire , and the surrounding area for their elaborate Christmas display at the home they owned there . The Christmas exhibition takes up approximately half of the couple 's 86-acre property and includes 6 million lights , said Joy Washburn , the property 's caretaker . Washburn , who has known the Chakalos family for 30 years and worked for them for 25 , said she begins working on the display in the second week of August . The display , which has lit up Chesterfield off and on for the past 10 years , is usually completed and ready by Thanksgiving . For the past five years , the family has invited the public to drive through the estate and requested visitors donate money or nonperishable food for Joan 's Food Pantry . "  Not only do they warm the heart of thousands of people who come through , they warm the hearts of hundreds of people in the community who benefit from food and cash donations , " said Val Starbuck , a Joan 's Food Pantry volunteer . Visitors come from as far as an hour away to view the Christmas display , Starbuck said . The donations from the display have typically been enough to keep the small pantry filled from January through April , generally the hardest months for people to heat their homes and feed themselves . The extravagant display includes a lifesize Victorian-style village , complete with houses , a hotel and a general store ; a 22-foot Santa to greet visitors when they enter the property ; and a Nativity scene , among numerous other decorations . "  There is n't now in the woods a bush or a tree that does n't get lights on it , " Washburn said . The Christmas display will continue this season , Washburn said , but she did not know if the Chakalos family would continue to light up the neighborhood in the future . CNN 's attempts to reach Chakalos ' family were unsuccessful .	John Chakalos , 87 , found shot to death in his Connecticut home Chakalos also owned a home in New Hampshire , which was decorated with millions of lights The elaborate Christmas display takes up half of the family 's 86-acre property Chakalos ' wife died in November ; no indication whether family will continue the display
CNN  -- Slipknot bassist Paul Gray 's death two months ago was from an accidental morphine overdose , the Polk County , Iowa , medical examiner said Monday . Gray , 38 , was found dead by staff at a hotel near Des Moines , Iowa on May 24 , said Sgt. Dave Disney of the Urbandale Police Department . Toxicology test results showed a fatal level of morphine and fentanyl -- a synthetic morphine -- in Gray 's body , said Dr. Gregory Schmunk . Schmunk also noted the presence of significant heart disease , according to a police statement Monday . The autopsy did show that Gray had been dead for several hours before his body was found , Schmunk said . Grammy-winning metal band Slipknot -- whose fans are affectionately known as "  maggots " -- was formed in Des Moines in late 1995 and became immediately recognizable for the dark and often grotesque homemade Halloween masks its nine members wore on stage . The band won a Grammy award in 2006 for best metal performance for "  Before I Forget . " Slipknot 's self-titled debut album went platinum in 2000 . Its fourth album , "  All Hope is Gone , " spent 69 weeks on Billboard 's Top 200 charts , debuting at No. 1 its first week in 2008 . Gray was arrested in Iowa in 2003 on drug possession charges when police found small amounts of marijuana , two syringes and a substance that field-tested positive for cocaine after he was involved in a wreck with another motorist . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Autopsy showed morphine overdose killed Gray Slipknot bassist was found dead May 24 Gray also sufffered "  significant heart disease "
CNN  -- Members of North Korea 's women 's Olympic soccer team walked off the field Wednesday when the flag of South Korea was mistakenly flashed on the big screen before their match against Colombia . North Korea regards its neighbor as a "  puppet regime " of the West and the relationship between the two nations has become increasingly strained . The London Games organizers issued a hasty apology and eventually the North Korean team returned to beat the Colombian team 2-0 . Perhaps the organizers can take comfort in knowing that it 's not the first time officials have bungled a flag or an anthem . Here 's a recap of some notable gaffes : The ten strangest Olympic sports 2012 Hockey : Apartheid song plays for South African players Last month , British field hockey authorities apologized to South Africa after an apartheid-era national anthem played before an international game . The South African women 's hockey team heard its pre-1994 anthem "  Die Stem " play before a game against Great Britain . The song is a sore spot for many in South Africa , because it represents a checkered part of its history of white minority rule . Great Britain hockey blamed the error on "  a contractor responsible for sports presentation at the event . " Afterwards , South Africa beat Great Britain 3-1 in an upset . 2012 Amir of Kuwait International Shooting Grand Prix : "  Borat " parody anthem plays A Kazakhstan sharpshooter Mariya Dmitrienko , who won gold at an international shooting championship , was stunned to hear a parody anthem from the movie "  Borat " instead of her national anthem . The lyrics blared : "  Kazakhstan 's prostitutes cleanest in the region , except of course Turkmenistan 's . " During the awkward award ceremony , Dmitrienko managed to remain steady . Kuwait Shooting Federation officials called it an "  unintentional " mistake . And the head coach of the Kazakh team said they were told their nation 's anthem was downloaded from the internet . Euro 2008 : Banned Nazi lyrics plays to German national anthem Banned Nazi lyrics ran as subtitles to the German national anthem before a Euro 2008 soccer match . The lyrics were banned after World War II as it starts with "  Germany , Germany , above everything else in this world . " The subtitles ran live on Swiss TV and on the giant screens around the country , prompting fans to jeer , and toss beer and food at the screens . The snafu was blamed on researchers who copied the lyrics from the internet before the match between Germany and Austria , the Austrian Times reported . Swiss TXT , a company that provided the subtitles , apologized and called it "  an embarrassing mistake , " reported ESPN . The confusion could 've occurred because German 's national anthem is the same song , minus the first two stanzas , which were believed to promote Nazi ideals . Germany won the game 1-0 . 1992 World Series : Oh Canada ? During Game 2 of the World Series between the Atlanta Braves and the Toronto Blue Jays , the Canadian flag was displayed upside-down . The U.S. Marine Corps marched onto the field with an upside-down maple leaf , much to the chagrin of Blue Jays fans and Canadians . The incident sparked so much controversy that then-President George H.W. Bush issued two apologies to the Canadian people , according to the Los Angeles Times . The Marine Corps took full responsibility for the gaffe . The error occurred because the Marines had been provided the Canadian flag at the last-minute , according to the 1992 report . At the end , the Canadian team defeated the American one , becoming the first team from outside the United States to win the World Series . And just this week ... Taiwan 's flag was removed from London 's flag display . The Republic of China , also known as Taiwan , competes in the Olympics as Chinese Taipei and uses a special flag just for the games . It can not use the Taiwanese flag or play its anthem at Olympic venues , as mandated by a 1981 accord with the International Olympics Committee , stemming from sovereignty disputes with China . But Taiwan 's flag hung over Regents Street in London along with 205 other flags of the countries represented in the Olympics . The flag display is run by a neighborhood civic group , not the Olympic committee . Earlier this week , Taiwan 's flag was removed , reported the Taipei Times . There was no reason given for its removal . But the Central News Agency reported that Taiwan 's Olympic flag will be placed on the street display , instead of its flag . Calls to the Republic of China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs were not returned . Olympic mascots : Cute or creepy ? CNN 's Alexis Lai contributed to this report .	North Korean women 's soccer team walked off field after flag gaffe Flags and anthems have been bungled before in major sporting events This includes songs from movie "  Borat , " Nazi lyrics , apartheid anthems
CNN  -- We have no comprehension of what is going through the minds of 200 Nigerian girls abducted from their school on April 14 . We can not know their darkest fears or the pain and anguish they have had to endure from the Boko Haram terrorists who took them . We can not imagine for a second what their families are feeling . But there is one thing we do understand : A rage is gathering worldwide at extremist groups that deny young girls their right to education . And we must take action . Wednesday , July 23 , marks a tragic milestone . It is the girls ' 100th day in captivity . For an adolescent with plans , dreams and ambitions , 100 days must seem an eternity . But they are not alone . The world has not forgotten these girls . Not in 100 days . Not for one day . On Wednesday , vigils will be staged in Africa , Asia , Latin America , Europe and the United States . Candlelit demonstrations will be held in African countries from Togo and Tunisia to Tanzania , organized by the Global March Against Child Labour , which fears the girls might be trafficked into slavery . Schoolgirls will take to the streets in Pakistan , led by Baela Raza Jamil of Idara-e-Taleem-o-Aagahi , or ITA , the girls ' rights group campaigning for what the Chibok girls have lost -- their right to an education . In India , vigils will be led by Kailash Sakharti and the Bachpan Bachao Andolan group , which rescues children from bonded labor every day , and has common cause with girls who have been taken from their homes . Opinion : 100 days on , Nigerians haunted by girls ' kidnapping Walk Free , the anti-slavery organization led by Australian billionaire Andrew Forrest , who has exposed the extent of child slavery in the modern world , is throwing its weight behind the campaign . And across the globe , A World at School 's 500 Global Youth Ambassadors led by the U.N. Youth envoy will be marking the events , handing in petitions to embassies and consulates in the world 's biggest capitals . An online petition by A World at School calls for the safe return of the girls and all messages of support will be passed to families of the girls and Chibok community leaders . The petition supporting the president of Nigeria in all his military and diplomatic efforts to bring back the girls will also be sent to Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon . Coinciding with the July 23 vigil is the deployment , by the Nigerian government , to the Borno area , of helicopters and aircraft with enhanced surveillance capacity and night vision equipment , capable of identifying the captured girls . Around the globe there is an understanding that Nigeria is simply the latest country after the United States with 9/11 in 2001 and Britain with its 7/7 in 2005 to be hit by terrorist outrages -- and that in its hour of need , Nigeria deserves the support of the world community against a terrorist sect that thinks nothing of killing and raping schoolgirls and seeks to deny them the basic right to education . The petition is not just for the rescue of the girls but for the rebuilding of their Chibok school and the creation of safer schools throughout Nigeria , particularly in those areas where girls are not going to school for fear of terrorism . The Safe Schools Initiative , a fund set up to pilot 500 safe schools in northern Nigeria , brings the Nigerian government and Nigerian business leaders together with the international community to ensure that all children are secure when learning . The fund total stands at $ 23 million . Young people are demonstrating because they see the connection between abductions in Nigeria , the rapes and murders of young girls in India , so-called "  honor killings " of Pakistan girls who marry against family wishes , genital mutilation of girls in preparation for child marriages across Africa and the ever-present reality that 7 million school age girls are working full time , often in slave labor conditions , many of them trafficked out of their home country when they should be at school . There is a common denominator : Seventy years on , the Universal Declaration of Human Rights has failed to take girls ' rights seriously . So , girls are taking action to make themselves heard . Incensed by the realization that it could take 100 years for them to have the same right to basic education -- as guaranteed in the declaration -- as boys , girls will lead their liberation struggle . And the new divide across the world will no longer be between the educated and the uneducated but the educated and those demanding to be educated . Slowly but surely , local embryonic civil rights movements are linking up with global leaders : Girls Not Brides , Walk Free and A World at School are now umbrella organizations , pioneering the creation of hundreds of youth ambassadors and part of the emergency coalition to achieve zero child labor , zero child marriage , zero education exclusion and zero discrimination against girls at schools . The Emergency Coalition for Global Education Action , to get 57 million children in school , will be launched in September during U.N. General Assembly week . The coalition will call on the international community to take action . The message every day is loud and it is clear . Girls should be able to study in a classroom , free of fear , and without the need , as they will do on Wednesday , to demonstrate on the streets .	Vigils around the world for Nigerian girls , who have been held captive 100 days Rage has built against extremist groups that deny girls their right to education Girls are forming grass-roots groups to protest child marriage , promote education Coalition aims for zero child labor , zero child marriage , zero education exclusion
Boston  CNN  -- It is one of Mitt Romney 's favorite selling points . Romney often notes that as governor of Massachusetts , he worked with a mostly Democratic legislature to tackle his state 's problems . "  It did not take a rocket scientist to figure out if I was going to do anything as governor , I had to have a working relationship with the Democrats , " Romney said at a campaign event last year in Nashua , New Hampshire . But inside the Massachusetts State House , down the hallway from Romney 's official portrait that hangs inside the governor 's office , longtime lawmakers on both sides of the aisle remember a more CEO-style leader . Robert Hedlund , the second-ranking Republican in the state Senate , said Romney tried to carry over the corporate culture that existed at his former private investment firm , Bain Capital , in a way that sometimes alienated Democrats who were accustomed to a different way of doing things . "  He was all business . It was all about policy . He did n't trade jobs for votes . He did n't trade capital projects for votes . So that came back to bite him a little bit , " Hedlund said . Romney replaced many of the career bureaucrats in the executive staff with private sector outsiders . At times , Hedlund argued , that management structure produced results in balancing the state 's budget . "  Some Democrats begrudgingly , maybe not publicly on camera , but privately will admit that he had a lot of great , talented people around him who got the job done , " Hedlund said . Across the aisle , Romney still gets positive reviews for his willingness to work with Democrats to pass health care reform . However , many rank-and-file Democrats are still bothered by what they describe as a distant and guarded leader . "  He had three security people around him , and you could never get to touch him or say hello , " said state Rep. Frank Smizik , chairman of the House Committee on Global Warming and Climate Change . "  He was very elitist . " On this reporter 's unannounced visit to the Legislature , there was no shortage of Democratic lawmakers who complained about Romney 's unprecedented move to block off one State House elevator specifically for the governor 's office . "  He took over the elevator for the west wing of the building . He kept it only for his staff and him , " Smizik said . Listening in on Smizik 's comments , another Democrat , state Rep. Ellen Story , said the elevator restrictions and security ropes installed outside Romney 's office turned off some lawmakers for good . "  When Romney came in , he treated government like the only thing he ever knew , which was big business , and he was the CEO of the big business , " Story said . Another lawmaker , Democratic state Rep. John Scibak , was far more blunt in his feelings about Romney . "  Many people said , ` Good riddance . Do n't let the door hit you on the way out , ' " Scibak quipped about Romney 's decision to forgo a second term to run for the presidency in 2008 . Aides to the Romney campaign chalked up some of the hard feelings among State House Democrats to election-time loyalties to President Barack Obama . But the campaign called on another Democratic lawmaker , state Rep. Jim Vallee , to offer some positive comments on Romney 's time as governor . "  I think you 're getting a lot of partisan political comments , " Vallee said in reference to the Democratic criticism of Romney . "  Did he have an ego ? Absolutely , " Vallee said . "  But what do you expect ? " he asked , describing Romney as "  high-caliber . " "  He wanted to turn the company around , " Vallee said about Romney 's hope to fix the state 's fiscal problems . "  I had a positive relationship with him . I know that some people did not . " Mike Widmer , a government watchdog with the nonpartisan Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation , noted Romney set aside his CEO approach to woo Democratic leaders to pass health care reform . The law -- widely considered to be Romney 's signature achievement -- is memorialized in his official State House portrait , sitting on a small table along with a framed picture of the former governor 's wife , Ann . Romney struggled in other areas such as job creation , Widmer said , in part because of the governor 's CEO style . However , Romney was beginning to divert his attention to pursuing the White House , Widmer and other state lawmakers recalled . "  He clearly had his sights set on running nationally , " Widmer said . "  That was no secret . Certainly not among the political leaders . " State House insiders , such as Widmer , often contrast Romney 's style with another recent Republican governor , William Weld , who seemed to revel in the kind of behind-closed-doors backslapping that Democrats had come to expect over the years . "  Governors are n't CEOs . They just are n't , " Widmer said . Democratic leaders , who now dominate the Massachusetts State House and control the governor 's office , gleefully note the rope lines are gone and the Romney executive elevator has since been reopened to the general public . Romney 's Democratic successor , Gov. Deval Patrick , conceded he made those changes after taking office . "  I 'm a governor of , with and for the people . We have a different style in that respect , " Patrick said , adding he has great respect for Romney . Vallee noted Patrick has also upset Democratic lawmakers with his reform efforts . "  You can pick apart any of these guys , " Vallee said .	Democrats controlled Massachusetts Legislature during Mitt Romney 's tenure Democrats give Romney high marks for passing health care reform as governor Romney alienated some by taking over one of State House elevators Watchdog group official says Romney had his eye on national office at the end of his term
CNN  -- The stepmother of a missing 10-year-old North Carolina girl joined police as they searched for the girl 's body Monday , the same day the girl 's father landed behind bars . Elisa Baker , who police said last week admitted to writing a fake ransom note a day after the girl 's disappearance was reported , was taken by police to a search site near a home she lived in three years ago , according to CNN affiliate WSOC . Earlier on Monday , shortly after 3 a.m. , Adam Troy Baker was arrested in Catawba County on eight charges , including five counts of submitting worthless checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Police earlier acknowledged that Adam Baker faced bad-check charges , which are unrelated to the disappearance of his daughter , Zahra Clare Baker . But they did not initially arrest him , as he had been helping authorities in their search . Zahra was reported missing October 9 . But no one other than a family member has reported seeing her since September 25 , when a woman saw her at a furniture store . Elisa Baker was arrested on October 10 , initially on several charged unrelated charges , including writing worthless checks . Last week , she was additionally charged with obstruction of justice -- a felony -- after leaving the ransom note at the family 's home . Authorities on Friday ended an unsuccessful search at a North Carolina landfill for a mattress connected to Zahra 's disappearance , said police in Hickory . The adolescent 's disappearance is being investigated as a homicide , police said . Local , state and federal authorities , along with cadaver dogs , are continuing to search Caldwell County and thereabouts for signs of Zahra . Zahra 's father , Adam Troy Baker , was at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport picking up a family member Sunday before he voluntarily went to the police department in Hickory , about 60 miles northwest of Charlotte , to talk to authorities . At the request of Adam Baker -- an Australian citizen -- the closest Australian consulate , in Atlanta , Georgia , was notified of his arrest . The disappearance of Zahra , a freckle-faced youngster who wears a prosthetic leg and hearing aids , has made international news . The girl lost her leg to bone cancer , according to CNN affiliate WCNC-TV in Charlotte . Family members and neighbors have told reporters that Zahra 's stepmother abused her -- an allegation her attorney has denied . Police also have said they had been in contact with Zahra 's biological mother in Australia and asked for the girl 's medical records .	NEW : The arrested stepmother of a missing 10-year-old joins police on search Police said that Elisa Baker had earlier admitted to writing a fake ransom note The missing girl 's father was arrested before dawn Monday on unrelated charges As they look for Zahra Baker , authorities have launched a homicide investigation
CNN  -- The Brazilian Air Force on Friday dropped eight 500-pound bombs on a clandestine airstrip in the jungle near the Colombian and Venezuelan borders , part of wide military operation that goes beyond targeting drug traffickers . Video of the scene , released by the air force , showed craters on the destroyed airstrip , which they say was used to move drugs . The highly-publicized effort , dubbed Operation Agatha , is an effort against drug trafficking , illegal mining and logging , and trafficking of wild animals , the military said . "  This operation is a first coordination effort by the government to intensify actions on the border , " Col. Jose Maurilo Machado de Lima said . "  We are going to carry out , periodically , operations of intensification of that control . " The operation counts with more than 35 aircraft and 3,000 troops . In its most recent mission , four Brazilian-made A-29 Super Tucano planes flew to where the airstrip was hidden , about 42 miles  68 km  northeast of the city of Sao Gabriel da Cachoeira , and dropped their bombs . Two Black Hawk helicopters then brought personnel from the police , army and environmental agency to the site to verify that the operation was successful and that the area was safe .	It is part of a larger operation near the border with Colombia The airstrip was used to move drugs , officials say
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The office of a reformist Iranian member of parliament burned Tuesday night , and a reformist Web site said the act was the work of extremists . Mir Hossein Moussavi , an opposition candidate in the disputed June 12 presidential election , blamed the fire at the office of Nasrollah Torabi on plainclothes militia on Moussavi 's Facebook Web site , where he also posted photos . The photos showed heavy damage , with charred furniture , peeling wallpaper and floors strewn with broken glass , debris and ashes . Parleman News , a newsgathering organization for the Path of the Imam Khomeini faction of parliament , said the office was vandalized before it was torched . Khomeini was the leader of the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran . Torabi , who represents the southwestern province of Cahar-Mahal Bakhtiari in parliament , told Parleman News that he was awaiting the outcome of an investigation . The office is in the city of Shahr-e Kurd . Torabi urged people not to react to the incident , according to Parleman News . He said intelligence agencies and the Interior Ministry must investigate the fire and punish those responsible . The lawmaker said that after he gave a speech in parliament criticizing the government , he came under heavy criticism from government supporters , Parleman News said . No date was given for the speech . "  After that speech in the meeting of the Planning Council for Cahar-Mahal Bakhtiari -LSB- Province -RSB- , we witnessed the anger of the province 's governor-general , " Torabi said . Investigators "  must not allow some people to use force , scare tactics and oppression to bring the three principles of independence , freedom and Islamic Republic under question , " he added , according to Parleman News . Torabi said that after he gave the speech , banners condemning him were distributed throughout Shahr-e Kurd , with the backing of the governor 's office . According to Moussavi , Torabi told the news organization : "  In the middle of the night some made their last pathetic attempt and set the office of a representative of the people on fire with the aim of silencing the members of the parliament . " Moussavi called the fire an attempt at intimidation . Opponents of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad have held sometimes-violent protests after he was swept into office for a second term despite accusations of election fraud . The latest protest occurred Sunday on the Shiite Muslim holy day of Ashura , which marks the death of Imam Hussein , grandson of Prophet Mohammed , as a martyr . A prosecutor said seven people died , including Moussavi 's nephew , in the demonstrations .	Reformist lawmaker Nasrollah Torabi 's office burned Tuesday Opposition figure Mir Hossein Moussavi says fire caused by extremists Torabi says he was under pressure after he criticized government in speech Torabi urges people not to react to incident , according to Parleman News
CNN  -- Bahrain on Thursday acquitted nine medical professionals who were accused of involvement in unrest in the country but upheld convictions of another 11 . All 20 were convicted last year of attempting to overthrow the government and were sentenced to lengthy prison terms . Bahrain sliced the sentences of many whose convictions were upheld Thursday . Of the 11 whose convictions stand , two are at large , five will be released on time served and the other four can appeal their sentences again , the Bahrain Information Affairs Authority announced . Human rights groups and some of the medical professionals , which include doctors , say they were treating people injured in last year 's protests against the government . The group Physicians for Human Rights denounced the sentences and called on the government to set aside the verdicts against all the medics . "  Eighteen of the accused medical professionals have alleged that Bahraini security forces tortured them while in detention , " the group said in a statement . Maryam Alkhawaja , vice president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , tweeted that the nine acquittals should not be seen as an achievement , because "  they should n't have been arrested and tortured to begin with . " In a statement , the government insisted that "  no medic is being charged for treating protesters . The charges brought against the medics were primarily for their involvement in politicizing their profession , breaching medical ethics " and , most seriously , calling for "  and involvement in the overthrow of the monarchy . " Another Bahraini doctor , Nabeel Hameed , told CNN last month that during last year 's protests , "  We became automatic witnesses . " He was on call -- one of only three neurosurgeons at Salmaniya Hospital , on February 18 , 2011 -- when an injured protester was brought in . The patient had been shot in the head . "  For treating him and then expressing my concerns about the way he was injured , I got labeled as a traitor , " Hameed told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Two months later , he was arrested , he said . "  They took me into an interrogation center for about four days of torture . I was not alone . I was with other doctors . They made us stand for days together ... without sleep , without toilet privileges , without anything . And in between that , you get abused , you get spat at , you got insulted ... and everybody who passes by you just beats you on the head or the back . " "  But the worst thing is a room , an electronically locked room ... and when the doors open , all hell breaks loose . Because you start hearing these shouts of torture . Of people inside . ... Your turn is next . And my turn was next . ... Somebody even took a gun to my head and threatened me with death , " Hameed said . He was later released , but as a changed man , he said . Bahraini officials have denied ordering torture . CNN 's Lucky Gold contributed to this report .	20 medical professionals were arrested and sentenced last year Bahrain acquitted nine of them Thursday Of the remaining 11 , two are at large , the government says Five were sentenced to time served ; the other four can appeal , Bahrain says
CNN  -- Personal computer maker Lenovo , expecting to report a loss for the third fiscal quarter ending December 31 , announced it would cut 2,500 jobs as part of a restructuring expected to save $ 300 million . A woman walks past a Lenovo advertisement at a computer shop in Hong Kong . The cuts comprise about 11 percent of the Chinese computer manufacturer 's global workforce . "  Although the integration of the IBM PC business for the past three years was a success , our last quarter 's performance did not meet our expectations , " Yang Yuanqing , Lenovo 's chairman of the board , said in a statement . "  We are taking these actions now to ensure that in an uncertain economy , our business operates as efficiently and effectively as possible , and continues to grow in the future . " Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index suspended trading of Lenovo shares Wednesday , anticipating the announcement . The trading is to resume Thursday . The job cuts , to occur during the first quarter , will include management and executive positions and also affect finance , human resources and marketing divisions , the company said . In addition , the "  resource redeployment plan " included executive compensation reductions of 30 percent to 50 percent , including bonuses , and the consolidation of its China and Asia-Pacific organizations into a single business unit to be called Asia Pacific and Russia . The company , ranked as the world 's fourth-largest PC maker , anticipated taking a pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $ 150 million . As part of its restructuring , the company said it was relocating call center operations from Toronto , Canada , to Morrisville , North Carolina , the company 's North America headquarters in order to "  better leverage its investment in real estate and facilities . "	Chairman of the board cites last quarter 's below-expectations performance Job cuts to include management and executive positions Company is ranked as the world 's No. 4 PC maker Lenovo anticipates taking pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $ 150 million
What European city has fallen under the rule of the Polish Empire , the Hapsburgs , the Soviets and the Nazis ? Here 's a clue : It 's lined with cobbled roads and features some of the world 's most eclectic examples of historic architecture -- from renaissance to baroque to art deco . Answer : Lviv , Ukraine 's official capital of culture . Never heard of it ? You 're not alone . With its independent coffee houses and traditional chocolatiers , Lviv looks , smells , and tastes like the best of Europe . Indeed , its Western flavor has earned it the moniker "  Little Paris of Ukraine . " And yet , compared to other prized European cities , relatively few people travel here . For centuries Lviv -- located 50 kilometers from the Poland-Ukraine border -- was a significant stopping point on the main trade routes between the east and west -- and this prime location helped pay for its striking beauty . "  You had to be rich and famous to be here , " explained local historian Yaroslav Hrytsak . During the renaissance , the city could afford Italy 's finest architects because every merchant passing through was forced to stay and sell their goods for at least two weeks . "  It was a very smart move to collect money from them , " said Hrytsak . "  It kept the wealth in the city , and that wealth has been transformed into  architectural  richness . " Read related : Gas pipes and price hikes : Ukraine , Russia 's uneasy alliance The buildings endure but Lviv 's prosperity did n't survive its bloody history . The city has , over the centuries , shifted in ethnic , cultural and political make-up - mixing Polish , Ukrainian , Jewish and other identities during a series of gruesome upheavals . "  Here regimes changed quite a lot , " said Hrytsak . "  We had the Polish rule , then the Hapsburg rule , then for a short period the Russians , then the Ukranian , then Russian , then Nazi . " Then for almost 50 years Lviv was swallowed by the Soviet Union . With that , concludes Hrytsak , the city was condemned to relative obscurity . But very recently things have started to change -- and fast . According to research from the Lausanne School of hotel business , Lviv experienced a sudden 40 % increase in tourism in early 2010 , compared to the previous three-year average . This , it said , was the highest rate in Europe . Just last month , the floodgates opened even wider , when Lviv became a host city for the Euro 2012 football championships . So how has this happened ? With the USSR 's collapse , some saw new opportunities for reviving Lviv 's former wealth and fame . In the mid 90s , Yaroslav Rushchyshyn began producing women 's clothes , paying his workers $ 4 a month . Today they get a vastly improved , but still modest , $ 250 . With nine factories across western Ukraine , his company , Trottola , is now a major producer and exporter for European fashion labels . "  I 'm proud because Japan , after the Second World War , started from blouses as well . And where is Japan now ? " he said . The unlikely parallels do n't end there . Strolling through Lviv 's old streets , you 'd never guess the city is now a booming international hub for the I.T. industry . Limelight networks is a U.S.-founded , Nasdaq-listed company specializing in online content delivery . It 's one of many up-and-coming digital tech firms to have opened offices in Lviv over the past few years . "  It had good growth and experience in the U.S. , however the company needs more talent to do the new cool projects and products for our customers . This is why we 're here in Ukraine . " Lviv 's unexpected abundance of I.T. talent is in fact a legacy of the U.S.S.R. To help the military , many Soviet universities focused on turning out world-class engineers and Lviv 's university is still producing them . The city boasts a disproportionately large educational center with 23 higher education institutions . Most tellingly of all , seven of these are dedicated to training support staff for work in the tourism industry . It 's clear the city of Lviv does not intend to remain a hidden gem for very much longer .	Since Euro 2012 , little-known Ukrainian "  capital of culture " Lviv put back on map City boasts architecture from renaissance and baroque eras , built during wealthy past After 50 years of Soviet rule , Lviv fell into relative obscurity , but strong education system reviving fortunes
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli government said Thursday it will stop a convoy of cargo and passenger ships filled with supplies and headed to Gaza to break a blockade imposed by Israel in 2007 . Government officials said Wednesday they have given the Israeli Defense Forces instructions to reroute the flotilla to Ashdod port in Israel , where the supplies will be unloaded and transferred to Gaza . Mark Regev , an Israeli government spokesman , called the flotilla "  a cheap political stunt . " "  If they were really interested in the well being of the people of Gaza , they would have accepted the offers of Egypt or Israel to transfer humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza , along with the other 15 thousand tons sent every week , " he said . The convoy , which left various European ports , is organized by two major groups : the Free Gaza movement , a pro-Palestinian human rights organization , and the IHH movement , a Turkish humanitarian relief foundation affiliated with the Islamic Brotherhood . Organizers said the convoy is carrying 10,000 tons of construction material , medical equipment and school supplies , and about 750 activists of different nationalities . Israel 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said Yossi Gal , its director-general , has summoned the ambassadors of Turkey , Greece , Cyprus , Sweden and Ireland -- the countries from which the flotilla set sail -- and "  clarified the state of Israel 's official position , which declares the flotilla an absolute provocation : There is no shortage of humanitarian aid to Gaza , as food products , fuel and supplies are constantly transferred into the Gaza Strip by the international organizations . " The flotilla is "  invited to dock at Ashdod port , to unload their cargo and transfer it to Gaza , after a security check , either via the Israeli authorities or via the humanitarian organizations , " the ministry said . Hanin Zoabi , a member of Israel 's parliament , the Knesset , and a passenger on the flotilla , called it a "  humanitarian campaign for the 1.5 million Palestinian people who Israel put in jail for about the last four years without allowing building material , without educational material , without food into the Gaza strip . "  Israel destroyed 165 schools and more than 100  factories  and destroyed tens of thousands of houses without enabling the Palestinians to rebuild their homes and their lives , " Zoabi said . "  This is a very strong political message towards Israel and towards the Arab world that stood silent regarding what is happening in Gaza . " Israel imposed the naval blockade on Gaza after the Hamas forcefully took control of Gaza in 2007 , ousting the Fatah movement headed by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Regev argued that the activists maintain a double standard when it comes to Hamas ' actions . "  They call themselves human rights activists , but they remain silent when it comes to Hamas ' deliberate targeting of Israeli civilians and the brutalities of the Hamas regime in Gaza , which has crushed political opposition , suppressed independent media and has locked up hundreds of political opponents . " Sarah Weiss Maudi , an Israeli Foreign Ministry legal expert , said , "  The naval blockade has been imposed by Israel because Israel is currently in a state of armed conflict with the Hamas regime that controls Gaza . " Under international maritime law , when a maritime blockade is in effect , no vessels can enter the blockaded area . Maritime blockades are a legitimate measure under international law , and may be implemented as part of an armed conflict at sea , Israeli officials have said . "  The objective of the boats is to break Israel 's siege on Gaza , to break Israel 's blockade on Gaza . The material that we have on board are all of the materials that Israel denied to the people of Gaza like cement , building supplies , educational supplies etc , " said Greta Berlin , co-founder of Free Gaza movement . "  We do not accept the siege on Gaza , " said Zoabi . " ... Israel does not want a siege . It wants a silent siege . Israel does not want occupation , it wants a silent occupation . It wants its policies to go without criticisms of the world . That 's why it wants to stop the flotilla and also avoid coverage of the event , " she said . " ... This is an important aim of Israel , is to stop the cameras in order for the participants who are participating in this flotilla and the others who are following it not to see the aggression of the Israeli army , but I think this does not threaten us and it does not bring fear among us , " she said . Noam Shalit , father of captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , told CNN he offered through his lawyer to attempt to convince the Israeli government to let the flotilla arrive in Gaza if participants would pass aid , including letters and medicine , to his son . The organizers of the convoy , including Berlin , refused , he said , telling him their main purpose is to break the siege . Gilad Shalit has been held captive since June 2006 , when Palestinian militants from Gaza captured him . Noam Shalit says his son has been kept in total isolation for the past four years , a violation of international conventions and against international law . There have been eight naval convoys to Gaza until now , and Israel has allowed three to dock at the Gaza port . Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said that since January 2009 , more than a million tons of humanitarian supplies entered Gaza from Israel . The most efficient system to transfer goods to Gaza is through the land crossings , Palmor said . Asked if he was concerned about being arrested , Zoabi told CNN , "  I am not worried because I am not doing anything against the law . What I do is according to human rights , according to international values and according to universal values , so it is not against the law . "  I am  a  Knesset member , and this is part of my political responsibility , " she said . "  It is part of my human responsibility . This is not against the law to aid people , to help and support  those  who are under siege ... I think the side that is breaking the law , international law , and breaking the human values is Israel and not anyone else . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli official calls convoy of ships ` cheap political stunt ' Government says it will stop flotilla taking aid to Gaza Knesset member among flotilla participants Convoy aims to break 2007 Israeli blockade
London , England  CNN  -- Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic finally took the stand Monday at the U.N. 's international tribunal at The Hague to defend himself against genocide charges stemming from the 1992-1995 Bosnian conflict . For CNN 's Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson , the 64 year-old was as defiant and unrepentant as the man he recalled meeting outside Sarajevo in 1993-94 , as Bosnian-Serb forces shelled the city . Karadzic , who faces 11 charges of war crimes , crimes against humanity , and genocide during the war , told the tribunal the Serb cause is "  just and holy , " and dismissed as myths two of the worst atrocities of a conflict that claimed 100,000 lives -- the three-year siege of Sarajevo and the Srebrenica massacre in 1995 . He even claimed that the image of the Muslims as victims was untrue and that they were the first to attack . Their fighters "  had blood up to their shoulders , " he said . "  I will defend that nation of ours and their cause that is just and holy , " he said in his defiant opening statement . The aim of the "  Muslim plotters , " he added , was "  100 percent power , as it was in the Ottoman Empire . " "  This is reminiscent of those days , " said Robertson , who reported from the Bosnian capital during the war . "  These were the exact same justifications : ` we 're the ones that had been under attack , we 're the ones being wronged . ' "  It 's very telling that he 's not trying to address specific issues , such as the Srebrenica massacre and such like , which are going to be the main parts of the prosecution . "  Many Bosnian-Serbs watching this will feel that he 's doing the right thing because Serbs have a history of feeling wrongly done to . " He said some still think back to their nationalist past and only identify with themselves through that , which is incompatible with the direction modern Europe is taking . "  They 're trying to return to a kind of Serb nationalist heyday , which is akin to the Taliban taking Muslims , if you will , back centuries . " Karadzic is the most senior figure to stand trial since the former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic , who died of a heart attack in 2006 before a verdict was reached . According to Robertson , the trial might offer a crumb of comfort to some victims but it will stir up a great deal of emotion and anger to many Bosnian-Muslims who lost relatives or their homes . "  When you listen to Karadzic 's description of the situation in Bosnia during this period it belies the fact that Bosnian-Serbs went through and ethnically-cleansed people from their towns , " he said . "  There were towns and villages where no Muslims were left . Any towns or villages the Serbs could n't get into they just surrounded and poured on machine-gun fire and rockets . This trial is going to bring all this out again . " During the siege of Sarajevo , which lasted 44 months , Karadzic was in Pale , a mountain-top village to the south-west of the capital which became the Bosnian-Serb headquarters . Down below , Sarajevo was like a goldfish bowl surrounded on all sides by Bosnian-Serb soldiers who had dug in and were shooting civilians indiscriminately with machine guns , sniper rifles and mortars . "  These were men in uniform with weapons taken from the former Yugoslav national army acting on clear instructions , " said Robertson . "  It 's hard to get an idea of what a siege is like in modern Europe . But imagine a city where you ca n't leave , get out to buy eggs , apples or fuel for your car . Equally nothing can come in . "  The encirclement of Sarajevo was so tight that the only way in or out for Bosnians was a hand-built tunnel they dug under the U.N.-run airport runway . A man could n't stand upright in the tunnel . "  Telephone lines were non-existent , while electricity and water supplies were often cut for weeks on end . " On one occasion , while buying fuel in Serb-held territory , Robertson came across several Bosnian-Serb snipers at a gas station . They proceeded to show him their positions and what they could see through their rifle scopes . "  Looking down onto the streets you could see why the snipers were so effective , " he said . Throughout the conflict Bosnian-Serb forces were supported by the rump Yugoslav state -- which would later become Serbia -- and its national army , which was dominated by Serb generals . "  That chain of reporting command was important , " said Robertson . "  I remember going to Belgrade with Karadzic and he was the like the vassal of Milosevic . He was going there worried about what demarche he was going to get from him . So there was a complete tie-in between the Bosnian-Serbs and the Serbs in Belgrade . "  But in terms of the chain of command on the ground , I do n't think anyone there would question the fact Karadzic and his political allies gave the backing , justification and instruction for the army to act on the ground . "  For three years you ca n't surround Sarajevo and shell it as a political leader . He never once stood up and tried to stop what was going on and only condoned and supported it , having meetings with army commanders involved , such as Mladic . " Ratko Mladic is the most senior fugitive still at large . Now that Karadzic 's tribunal has finally resumed after a four-month postponement , many analysts believe it has enough evidence to secure a conviction . "  If there 's a successful conviction , " said Robertson , " then the court should feel it has set a good marker for future leaders who would try to turn guns on civilians and try to divide a country . "  Failure would call into the question the tribunal 's ability to try anyone . "	Radovan Karadzic faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes , crimes against humanity Charges stem partly from 1995 mass killing of Muslim men in Bosnian town of Srebrenica Karadzic , the Bosnian Serb president at the time , accused of responsibility for the massacre He told international tribunal at The Hague that the Serb cause is "  just and holy "
CNN  -- A Texas man died after falling off the South Rim of the Grand Canyon . John N. Anderson of Grapevine was visiting the national park with family on Saturday morning when he fell about 350 feet near the El Tovar Lodge , officials said . Park rangers were unable to resuscitate him . Anderson was with his wife on an outing but was alone when the accident occurred , according to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram . "  He was n't trying to shoot a photograph or anything like that , " his sister-in-law , Suzy Naughalty , told the newspaper on Tuesday . "  It was just a freakish accident . " Anderson , 53 , was married with two sons and a daughter . The National Park Service and the Coconino County , Arizona , medical examiner were investigating the incident . Nearly 5 million people visit the Grand Canyon each year . Rangers respond to some 1,300 medical incidents and 300 search and rescue missions annually , according to park statistics . Swimmer swept over Yosemite waterfall Minnesota hiker falls to his death near Yosemite waterfall CNN 's Dana Ford and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It was just a freakish accident , " sister-in-law says NEW : John N. Anderson , 53 , falls about 350 feet off the South Rim He was visiting with his family from Texas The National Park Service and a medical examiner are investigating
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A top Taliban leader in Pakistan is buying and selling children for suicide bombings , Pakistani and U.S. officials said . Children are shown at a training camp in this video footage shot by the Taliban . Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud has been increasingly using the children in attacks , the officials said . A video released by Pakistan 's military shows the children training for the task . In the video of a training camp , children can be seen going through exercises . Mehsud has been selling the children , once trained , to other Taliban officials for $ 6,000 to $ 12,000 , Pakistani military officials said . Watch more about the child bombers " Some of the children are as young as 11 , the officials said . "  He has been admitting he holds a training center for young boys , for preparing them for suicide bombing . So he is on record saying all this , accepting these crimes , " said Major General Akhtar Abbas , spokesman for the Pakistani army . The young suicide bombers may be able to reach targets unnoticed , the military said . "  If he is approaching on foot , there is a possibility he will bypass security , " Abbas said . "  In certain areas , there is a possibility in the population centers everyone can not be checked physically , so he can create havoc there . " Pakistan has launched an offensive against the Taliban , started in the Swat region of the North West Frontier Province . The Taliban have countered with a spate of suicide bombings , including a July 2 attack in Rawalpindi , in which a suicide bomber on a motorcycle struck a Pakistani Defense Ministry bus . At least one person was killed and 29 others were wounded . Pakistan 's army said it is hunting Mehsud in the hopes that the supply of suicide bombers will dry up after the Taliban leader is captured . Meanwhile , a suspected U.S. drone attack killed at least 12 people and wounded five others in northwest Pakistan Tuesday , Pakistani officials said . The missile strikes in South Waziristan targeted a suspected Taliban hideout at a madrassa , or Muslim school , in Zangarah , according to intelligence officials . The attack near the border with Afghanistan involved a pair of missiles shot from an unmanned drone , local resident Janbaz Mehsud told CNN . He said all the dead and wounded were Taliban . A local government official , who asked not to be named , said the madrassa was a training center for the Taliban and belongs to Baitullah Mehsud . That official put the death toll at 14 , but said the number of dead could rise . The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported drone attacks . However , the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely .	Official : Baitullah Mehsud increasingly using the children in attacks Video of a training camp shows children going through exercises Some of the children are as young as 11 , the officials say Suspected U.S. drone attack kills at least 12 people in northwest Pakistan
CNN  -- For Grover Norquist 's Taxpayer Protection Pledge , the latest rebellion began last week in the South , by way of friendly fire . "  I care more about my country than I do about a 20-year-old pledge , " Sen. Saxby Chambliss , R-Georgia , told Macon station WMAZ . "  If we do it his way , then we 'll continue in debt , and I just have a disagreement with him about that . " The next shot came from South Carolina 's Sen. Lindsey Graham : "  I think Grover is wrong when it comes to we ca n't cap deductions and buy down debt ... I will violate the pledge , long story short , for the good of the country . " More Republican salvos followed . Rep. Peter King of New York said the hard line on revenue was based on outdated thinking : "  A pledge you signed 20 years ago , 18 years ago , is for that Congress " -- not an entire congressional career . Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , insisted he was "  not obligated on the pledge . " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor downplayed the pledge 's significance , saying no one in his home state cared all that much about it . Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , stuck to a hard line on taxes , but sounded a similar note : " Oh , I signed it , " he said . " ... But we 've got to deal with the crisis we face . We 've got to deal with the political reality of the president 's victory . " The man behind the pledge says he 's not so much embattled as bored . "  I 've seen this movie about 50 times before , " he told CNN . "  I get this every time someone burps . It always gets reported as all these guys have caved and said they 're for tax increases . All it is happens to be a handful of people are having impure thoughts , " he said , turning to his favorite recent description of the trend . Take last year , when Rep. Mike Simpson , R-Idaho , sounded a defiant note . "  I signed  the pledge  in 1998 when I first ran . I did n't know I was signing a marriage agreement that would last forever , " he told Fox News . "  And I think that the majority of members of Congress understand that you have to have additional revenue . " Rand Paul warns of GOP becoming dinosaur , cites robotic squirrels And back then , Rep. Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , one of the half-dozen Republicans who had n't signed the pledge , took direct aim at Norquist from the House floor . "  I believe how the pledge is interpreted and enforced by Mr. Norquist is a roadblock to realistically reforming our tax code , " he said . "  Have we really reached a point where one person 's demand for ideological purity is paralyzing Congress to the point that even a discussion of tax reform is viewed as breaking a no-tax pledge ? " In other words : Over the years , semiregular flashes of Norquist defiance have tended to be one of those Washington obsessions that grab big headlines to little permanent effect , sort of like open-mike profanity on the campaign trail . One or more Republican lawmakers will appear to publicly waver on their commitment to the pledge .  Norquist points to Chambliss , Graham and King as repeat offenders .  That open questioning is often followed just as predictably by a private call to Norquist -- who says Chambliss has called to apologize -- and more often than not , some kind of public mea culpa . Norquist , 56 , has never been elected to public office or held a Cabinet post . He is n't a deep-pocketed donor or celebrity magnate . The millions of dollars Americans for Tax Reform , the group he heads , spent on the 2012 campaign is a healthy sum , but pocket change in the post-Citizens United era . Norquist may have had influence over the direction of super PAC funding , but he did n't hold the purse strings . And yet he 's routinely named one of the most powerful men in Washington . He hosts off-the-record weekly meetings of the conservative movement 's top figures . The "  K Street Project " he pushed during the Bush era was a leading driver of a massive shift in the lobbying landscape to the GOP 's benefit . And the Taxpayer Protection Pledge he debuted more than two decades ago has achieved an almost mythic status among fans and foes alike . Norquist views that two-line document -- fewer than 70 words in all -- as something like a blood oath , an ironclad , immutable contract between lawmakers and their constituents that they will not back any bill to raise taxes or revenue . Famously , he keeps original copies of every signed pledge -- each of which has to be co-signed by two witnesses -- in a fireproof vault for protection . This congressional session , that safe held the signatures of nearly every Republican member of Congress , as well as some Democrats . Opinion : Republicans wisely break with Grover Norquist Norquist warns lawmakers who , in his view , turn wobbly on taxes that they 're risking their political lives -- including Republican icons like Indiana Sen. Dick Lugar , who lost both Norquist 's backing and his primary race to Richard Mourdock this year . Mourdock , of course , went on to lose a near-guaranteed Republican Senate seat to Democrat Joe Donnelly by nearly six points , despite Mitt Romney 's solid Indiana win at the presidential level . There are some who say the zeitgeist has shifted in some tangible way during the current Congress . Last year , 40 Republicans joined 60 Democrats as co-signers of a letter that expressed a willingness to consider revenue increases as part of a deficit solution . And amid the latest GOP pushback , the wave of "  Is Grover Over ? " headlines has been mounting . Norquist himself often speaks with the casual confidence of a Washington fixture , secure in the knowledge that his position is far more secure than any elected official 's . "  We are not auditioning for fearless leader , " he told activists at this year 's Conservative Political Action Conference . "  We do n't need a president to tell us in what direction to go . We know what direction to go ... We just need a president to sign this stuff . We do n't need someone to think it up or design it . " It was the sort of remark liberal critics often point to as evidence Norquist is a conservative puppet master with near-limitless power . One artist recently depicted him as the Wizard of Oz , an unseen but seemingly omnipotent force  a portrait Norquist himself jokingly embraced , retweeting a link to the picture with the caption : "  My mom wants one . " Graham says he 'd break no-tax ` pledge ' Earlier this year , President Obama complained to Rolling Stone magazine that some Republicans would like to work with him , but "  in an atmosphere in which folks like Rush Limbaugh and Grover Norquist are defining what it means to be a true conservative , they are lying low . " When Norquist last year slammed bipartisan efforts to end pricey ethanol subsidies as a backdoor tax hike , former President Clinton mused that it seemed GOP moves had to be "  approved in advance by Grover Norquist . " "  You 're laughing , " Clinton told the crowd at the Aspen Ideas Festival . "  But he was quoted in the paper the other day saying he gave Republican senators permission " to scrap the subsidies . "  I thought , ` My God , what has this country come to when one person has to give you permission to do what 's best for the country ? ' It was chilling . " Of course , some of the toughest barbs aimed at Norquist do n't come from the opposite end of the political spectrum ; they come from some fellow conservatives and deficit hawks , particularly members of the old guard who served in an era when tax hikes were still a politically acceptable deficit-fighting option . His feuds with some of these figures date back decades . More than two decades after George H.W. Bush 's signoff on a tax increase first drew Norquist fire , the former president is still not a fan : "  Who the hell is Grover Norquist , anyway ? " Bush asked Parade magazine over the summer . Last year , former GOP Sen. Alan Simpson , whose Simpson-Bowles commission called for a deficit solution that included a mix of spending cuts and revenue increases , slammed Norquist 's influence : "  If Grover Norquist is now the most powerful man in America , he should run for president . He has people enthralled . " Conservative activist and CNN contributor considers primary bid And this week , Simpson riffed on Norquist 's infamous goal of reducing the federal government "  down to the size we can drown in the bathtub . " "  So how do you deal with guys who came to stop government , or Grover wandering the earth in his white robe saying you want to drown government in the bathtub , " Simpson asked MSNBC on Tuesday . "  I hope he slips in there with it . " Norquist â $ " widely viewed as one of the funniest men in Washington -- says he 's unfazed by the attacks , and that the portrait of him as some sort of political enforcer is overblown .  Although his claim that he collects "  whackers " -- items used to hit people -- probably does n't do much to help banish the image . "  I understand it comes with the territory that people attack me personally . Uh , it does n't bother me . I am very comfortable in my own skin . If they want to waste their time personally attacking me , they 're free to do so , " he shrugs .	Lawmakers are publicly defying the Taxpayer Protection Pledge But Grover Norquist , the man behind the pledge , says he 's seen it before Norquist is n't deep-pocketed , but he 's routinely listed as one of Washington 's most powerful Bill Clinton mused that it seemed GOP moves had to be approved in advance by Norquist
CNN  -- There 's no skirting around the issue -- short shorts , long shorts -- it does n't matter to the biggest name in women 's football , Marta . Who better to talk about the struggles facing the sport than the woman known across the world as "  the female Pele ? " In fact , if you ask Pele himself , largely acknowledged to be the greatest player to have ever kicked a football , he will tell you that he calls her "  Pele with skirts . " Unlike the suggestion of FIFA president Sepp Blatter , who said in 2004 that women soccer players could wear skimpier outfits to make the sport more appealing , Pele 's comment was taken as a compliment . "  Let the women play in more feminine clothes like they do in volleyball , " Blatter said at the time . "  They could , for example , have tighter shorts . " Which clothes players wear are irrelevant according to Marta -- but ensuring that women 's football retains a sense of femininity is important to the five-time FIFA World Player of the Year . "  I 'm all in favor of us not losing our essence , our female side , because we are women and we have to be proud of that , " the Brazil star told CNN 's "  An Uneven Playing Field " documentary . "  We have to have some vanity ; we have to take care of ourselves and keep our spirits high . I think what really matters is the support you get in football regardless of the uniform you wear . "  Some girls feel good playing in long shorts while some of them feel good playing in tighter shorts . I 'm not against it . It 's obvious that women have to explore that female side of things and I do n't think that 's a mistake . " Campaigner Marta is one of the most vocal campaigners in the battle for equality in women 's football . Not bad for a girl who grew up in Dois Riachos , playing football on the streets against boys twice her size and without any formative coaching until the age of 14 . Fast forward to 2013 , and the 27-year-old is one of the most recognizable faces in the sport , starring for Swedish side Tyresö FF in Stockholm . Like Marta , women 's football has come a long way too since it held its debut at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta , where nearly 80,000 watched the U.S. win gold . Three years later , over 90,000 people were packed into the Pasadena Rose Bowl , California , for the 1999 World Cup as the U.S. defeated China . On the club front , the UEFA European Women 's Champions League has been gaining in popularity since its inception in 2001 . And yet still Marta believes that attitudes towards women within football have remained stuck in the past . Prejudice "  I think it has changed a bit but that mentality still exists , " she said . "  There 's still prejudice and that resistance regarding women not only on female football but in various activities . "  Men think that women are a bit fragile to perform some types of activities or do n't have the ability and are n't strong enough . "  That does n't exist anymore . Women have shown they have capabilities in every sense better than men a lot of time , but it 's that whole macho thing . "  Football in Brazil is seen as a masculine sport , even with a lot of people accepting the female sport . There 's still a percentage that thinks like in the old days . " While women 's football has struggled to gain its share of the limelight in Brazil , the sport is booming across the globe . According to the latest figures published by FIFA , the world 's governing body , 29 million women and girls play football worldwide . That 's a huge increase from 1971 , when three international teams played just two matches -- by 2011 there were 129 teams playing 514 games . But while the women 's game has grown in the U.S. and Europe , progress has been far more difficult to achieve in Brazil . Even the achievements of the national team , which has won two silver medals and finished as runner-up at the last World Cup , has not been enough to get the professional game off the ground . Fighting "  When you have competitions like the Olympics or the World Cup , then it captures people 's attention and that of the media , " said Marta . "  But when that moment has passed and Brazil has n't played well or won , then you lose that attention . "  Maybe that 's what 's missing for people who can do something for Brazilian female football , to actually wake up and change the reality of female football because we have three medals . "  Those three medals till today were useless because our reality has n't changed that much . There were promises . There was a promise of starting a league , of doing this , of doing that , but in reality nothing was done and we are still fighting . "  We want to try and carry Brazil 's name to the top but we do n't have the support . " Marta was 21 when she played in front of a staggering 70,000 at Rio 's famous Maracana Stadium -- an occasion where Brazil defeated the U.S. under-20 team in the final of the 2007 Pan American Games . But that attendance is an anomaly in a country where the game has little chance of competing for media attention against the constant frenzy surrounding men 's football . Funding is scarce , sponsorship even more so , and while women 's football is televised on a regular level in the U.S. in Europe , Brazil is still lagging behind . Marta , who has played in the U.S. and now in Sweden , has seen first hand the benefits of having sponsors and investment -- and now wants companies to invest in Brazil 's women . Weaker sex "  There 's still the prejudice of thinking women are the weaker sex or that they were n't born to play sports , " Marta said . "  I think people need to stop that and give us credit . "  I know that when people come to invest they want an immediate return , but that does n't happen . "  There needs to be a schedule . With investment you will have television companies broadcasting the games and you will have more sponsorship . "  If we work on a project to bring more people to the stadium then television companies and sponsors will look at this and think it 's a cool initiative . "  That will lead them to get even more involved . It has to be something where every side can be involved but it has to be out of solidarity and not to gain something out of female football , because at this point we ca n't really give away immediate return . " Hope A lack of funding and investment combined with the demise of her former club , Santos , paints a bleak picture for the women 's game in Brazil . But for someone who has broken down barriers from the very time she first touched a football as an inquisitive youngster , there is still hope . According to Marta , the Brazilian Football Association , the government and FIFA are all working together to establish a women 's league which will be made possible through outside investment . "  There is hope for the future , " she said . "  I hope they will create a league to give continuity and allow the girls to learn the basics so when they graduate to the national team , they are ready and developed . "  I really hope that happens , if not in my generation then in the ones that follow . "	Marta is considered to be one of the greatest female football players in history The Brazilian has won the World Player of the Year award on five occasions The 27-year-old began playing soccer as a child against the local boys in her area She is hoping that Brazil will launch a national league for women 's teams
CNN  -- The acquittal of George Michael Zimmerman , 29 , means he 's a free man and will be able to walk out of the courthouse because he 's no longer in police custody . He will be free , if he chooses , to leave Seminole County , Florida . But one of his attorneys , Mark O'Mara , has said that Zimmerman is a marked man and lives in fear for his life . Jury acquits Zimmerman In fact , during court proceedings , Zimmerman did n't disclose where he had been residing for more than a year , and he dared to venture outdoors only when in disguise . Zimmerman also wore body armor . "  I believe his life is at risk , and I do n't say that for dramatic effect , " O'Mara said before the verdict . "  There are a lot of people who think George killed Trayvon Martin for racial reasons , even though nothing supports that . And if they feel that anger enough , they could react violently . " It 's doubtful that Zimmerman would be able to return to his pursuit of a career in law enforcement . He was enrolled in Seminole State College at the time of the February 26 , 2012 , shooting . Share your reaction One expert advised against such a plan for Zimmerman . "  That is the absolute worst thing you can do , " said Mike Paul , a reputation management counselor in New York . "  It might be your old passion . My advice would be , you need to find a new passion . And it needs to be helping people in a very different way , a way that is much more compassionate , not just involving law enforcement . " Zimmerman -- who is married but has no children -- may choose to resume his career in mortgage insurance or in an undergraduate education . It remains to be seen whether his post-acquittal life could parallel that of another high-profile defendant found not guilty : Casey Anthony , the Florida woman accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008 . "  You never know who the nuts are or where they are , " said Cheney Mason , a defense attorney for Anthony . "  There are still people that threaten me . " Mason acknowledged that when the court of public opinion deems a defendant guilty , life can be very difficult . Zimmerman apparently enjoys support from his parents and immediate family , some of whom testified in his defense . He has been able to pay for his defense by raising thousands of dollars from the public . But crisis public relations manager Gene Grabowski said Zimmerman must tread carefully when accepting further public money . "  He 's got to be careful to avoid the appearance of creating more divisions by accepting money or support openly from groups that maybe that would create more friction because of the tenor of this case , " Grabowski said . "  He 's got to be careful about who he associates with afterwards , even if they are offering financial support . " The three-week trial ignited a national debate about race relations . Martin , an African-American high school student , was walking through a gated community in Sanford , Florida , to his father 's fiancee 's house when a confrontation occurred between him and Zimmerman . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch captain , called 911 to report "  a suspicious person " in the neighborhood . Despite the dispatcher 's instructions not to get out of his vehicle , Zimmerman exits his SUV , and an exchange unfolded between Martin and Zimmerman . Neighbors heard a single shot fired . Zimmerman asserted he shot Martin in self-defense as Martin beat his head against the concrete sidewalk . Zimmerman , who describes himself as Hispanic , has a Peruvian mother and white American father . He has been free on bail since last July . Initially , Sanford police did n't charge Zimmerman because they said they had no grounds to disprove his account . Led by Martin 's family , a public uproar ensued , in which even President Barack Obama remarked that the incident required "  soul-searching . " Then , almost two months after the shooting , a special prosecutor charged Zimmerman with second-degree murder .	Zimmerman is free to leave Florida but might face a life as a marked man Expert advises Zimmerman not to return to pursuit of law enforcement career Another expert says he must be careful about the sources of any money he accepts
CNN  -- A Vatican spokesman said Monday that Pope Benedict XVI feels much pain after revelations that members of the clergy were involved in widespread sexual abuse of children from the 1950s through the 1980s in Belgium . "  The publishing of this report is a new cause of pain for us , for the victims , " Father Federico Lombardi said . The announcement came after leaders of the church in Belgium said Catholic priests who abused children should tell their superiors . "  We want to repeat this call with force , " said Bishop Johan Bonny , the bishop of Antwerp . "  It is to everyone 's advantage that the abuser in a pastoral relationship communicates this fact to his superior " or to a new "  center for investigation , healing and reconciliation , " which he announced Monday . The church has identified four experts to start preparatory work on the center , he said , but he did not name them . Belgian church officials will begin interviews Tuesday as a follow-up to a church-backed investigation that detailed hundreds of assertions of sexual abuse of children by clergy and others working for the church from the 1950s into the late 1980s . It was led by Dr. Peter Adriaenssens , who is both a church investigator and a psychiatrist . "  From the mistakes of the past , we wish to take the necessary lessons , " said Archbishop Andre-Joseph Leonard , the head of the Catholic Church in Belgium . "  In the interviews that will be conducted from tomorrow , we will consider the relevant reflexions and proposals of Professor Adriaenssens . " The process will take time , because "  it is impossible to try to resolve these traumatic experiences too quickly , " Leonard said . "  We want to commit ourselves to giving the maximum support for the victims , " he said . "  We must listen to their questions in order to restore their dignity and help heal the suffering they have endured . " The commission said it received about 500 reports from alleged victims , about 60 percent of them from males . It cited 320 alleged abusers , of whom 102 were known to have been clergy members from 29 congregations . Thirteen of the alleged victims committed suicide , it said . "  We can say that not a single congregation escaped sexual abuse of minors by one or more of its members , " the Commission on Church-Related Sexual Abuse Complaints said Friday . "  The stories they contain and suffering make us shudder , " Leonard said . Linda Opdebeeck told CNN that her abuse as a Belgian schoolgirl did not begin immediately . "  He had a little room at school , and when you had a problem , you could go to him , " she said . "  He was very charismatic ; he was very friendly . I was alone . I did n't have brothers or sisters . I was an only child . I was fat , and I was lonely . So I went to him in his little room , and he listened to me , and I had a nice feeling . But a year later , he started to abuse me . " But Opdebeeck , now in her 40s , said she felt unable to tell anyone else what was going on . "  I knew I had to be silent because he was a friend of my parents , " she said . "  What could I say ? He was always saying that I had to shut up or something bad would happen to me . " Years later , she confronted him but found little satisfaction . "  There were three men at the table , and he was just telling that he did n't remember any more , and it was n't so bad , and I had to feel pity because he was old , " she said . "  It seems to me that the victims are the abusers and the abusers are the victims when you hear them speaking about ` Just forgive us and continue your life . ' " The abuse , she said , has had an impact on her faith . "  I try to separate my faith and the church , but it 's very hard , " she said . "  Perhaps there is a God , but then he has nothing to do with all the men there . No . The church is finished . " In last week 's report , investigators had information about when the abuse started for 233 of the alleged victims . Forty-eight were 12 ; one was 2 ; five were 4 ; eight were 5 ; seven were 6 ; ten were 7 . Of the 230 alleged victims about whom investigators said they had reliable information , more than 70 percent are currently between the ages of 40 and 70 , it said . Ten percent are 31 to 40 . Four alleged victims are 20 to 30 years of age , and one is younger than 20 , it said . At the other end of the scale , five alleged victims are aged between 80 and 90 years old , and one is older than 90 . Belgian police raided Catholic Church headquarters in the country this year and questioned a cardinal over allegations of a cover-up by the church . Belgian police questioned Gotfried Danneels , the country 's former Catholic archbishop , for about 10 hours over accusations he knew of sexual abuse in the church but failed to stop it , the Belgian prosecutor 's office said in July . Danneels was being considered a witness but could become a suspect , prosecutor 's spokesman Joseph Colain said . Danneels , who was questioned July 5 , could be interrogated again as the investigation continues , Colain said . Danneels was archbishop of Belgium for more than 30 years before he stepped down in January . Belgian police raided the national headquarters of the Catholic Church in June over allegations of child abuse , prompting an angry response from Pope Benedict XVI and other church leaders . Investigators seized archdiocese archives covering 25 years as well as personal computers and other personal possessions , said Fernand Keuleneer , a lawyer for the archdiocese . Police raided Danneels ' private residence and the headquarters of the Catholic Church in Belgium as a meeting of bishops was taking place . They detained the bishops and other church employees -- even the cook -- for about nine hours , the Rev. Eric De Beukelaer said . Members of a Belgian church commission that helps sexual abuse victims resigned en masse to protest the raid a week after it took place , said De Beukelaer , a spokesman for the Mechelen-Brussels Archdiocese . The commission worked with people who have been abused by clergy members , said the spokesman . The Belgian Prosecutor 's Office said in July that it is investigating death threats against witnesses and magistrates involved in clergy child abuse cases . The Vatican criticized the raids but reaffirmed its "  strong condemnation of any sinful and criminal abuse of minors by members of the church . " It cited "  the need to repair and confront such acts in conformity with the law and teachings of the Gospels . " The Catholic Church is facing allegations that clergy members abused children in at least half a dozen countries , including the pope 's native Germany , as well as Belgium , Ireland , Austria , the Netherlands and the United States . CNN 's Alex Felton and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The church is finished , " victim says "  A new cause of pain for us , for the victims , " Vatican says Belgian Catholic Church officials begin interviews Tuesday The Belgian church is setting up a center for abuse victims
United Nations  CNN  -- Three more regions of Somalia have now been struck by famine , including the capital , Mogadishu , the United Nations announced Wednesday . Mogadishu , the Afgooye corridor and the Shabelle regions west of the capital are the latest that "  have slipped into famine , " U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters Wednesday afternoon . The declaration "  reflects the massive influx of people into the city in the last two months , " he said . "  This latest information also confirms the seriousness of the problem facing internally displaced people in Mogadishu , who require our immediate and concerted response , " he said . The United Nations issued a famine declaration for two districts of southern Somalia in June . The entire Horn of Africa region is facing an extensive drought that has left more than 12 million in need of assistance . Relief efforts in Somalia have been hindered by the ongoing battle between Islamist rebels and Somalia 's transitional government , which holds little sway beyond Mogadishu . The rate of malnutrition in Somalia 's rebel-held south is the highest in the world , approaching half the population , U.N. officials report . About 100,000 people displaced by the fighting have flocked to Mogadishu in recent weeks , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . More than 3.7 million Somalis are in need of aid , including about 1.3 million children "  in urgent need of life-saving interventions . " Of those , about 640,000 are acutely malnourished , the office reports . The rebel movement Al-Shabaab launched a Ramadan offensive Monday amid the spreading famine with heavy fighting reported in the northeastern part of the city , according to African Union officials . Two soldiers from the AU peacekeeping mission in Mogadishu were killed during a gunfight with the rebels , during which troops killed two apparent suicide bombers dressed in Somali uniforms before they were able to detonate bombs strapped to their bodies . "  In the midst of a famine seizing Somalia , the extremists are choosing to focus on killing , not saving life , " said Lt. Col. Paddy Ankunda , a spokesman for the peacekeeping mission . "  The extremists are using desperate measures to achieve their ends through their willingness to use brutal violence during the holy month of Ramadan . " Amid the crisis , a senior U.N. official urged Somali expatriates to support peace efforts and contribute to relief efforts Wednesday . "  This is a time of great crisis , but also of rare opportunity . It is a time for everyone to pull together to help those suffering and to work towards a better future for all , " Augustine Mahiga , the U.N. special representative for Somalia , said in a letter addressed to Somalis abroad .	NEW : About 100,000 people recently arrive in Mogadishu in need of help , the U.N. says U.N. spokesman : Somalis need "  our immediate and concerted response " The United Nations first declared a famine in June Relief efforts are complicated by the country 's civil war
CNN  -- Most people are carrying around historical records in their DNA , with clues to how people from genetically distinct groups intermingled over the last 4,000 years . That 's the conclusion of a new study in the journal Science . Researchers set out to pinpoint which groups intermixed , and when , over thousands of years , using modern DNA . They thought this information could complement other historical records . "  The results suggest DNA is indeed a powerful means of reconstructing history , which then might be used to identify the genetic legacies of historically well-attested events ... and highlight surprising events with a less clear historical context , " authors Garrett Hellenthal and Simon Myers wrote in an e-mail . The scientists have created an interactive map showcasing their findings . You can explore the map in detail on the researchers ' website , admixturemap.paintmychromosomes.com . The technical term for people from genetically different groups having babies together is "  genetic admixture . " This has happened throughout history when people migrated into a new geographic region where others were already living . Researchers say there have been many such admixture events among people from populations that were separated by thousands of miles . Sometimes populations adjacent to each other have distinct ancestry and history . Did you know that your DNA contains genetic segments you 've inherited from groups that intermingled in the past ? Researchers can look at these signatures for clues about major historical mixings of populations . DNA from a person today can also give scientists an idea of how long ago two groups genetically mixed . The more time that has passed since the admixture event , the shorter the inherited DNA segments from the original groups are likely to be . That 's because there would have been more generations in between , and there would have been reshuffling of genetic material in each generation . There are limitations to the method , however . When genetic mixing involves more than three groups , the researchers ca n't identify those specific events . The researchers were also limited in how well they could estimate when the same , or very similar , groups interbred on multiple occasions in one descendant group 's history . Oldest human DNA found in Spain The researchers looked at a genetic data set of 1,490 people who come from 95 genetically distinct groups worldwide . Their software , Globetrotter , was able to describe genetic mixing events dating back about 4,500 years . The expansion of the Mongol empire , which took place from 1206 to 1368 , appears to have been highly influential on many populations in Europe and Asia . Previous studies have also supported that idea . Genghis Khan and his armies began this monumental historical event that influenced seven populations included in this study . The Arab expansion and slave trade , which began around the seventh century , also had a large genetic impact on many groups , including people from around the Mediterranean , the Arabian Sea and the Persian Gulf . The study 's findings are consistent with that historical timeframe , but suggest that sub-Saharan Africans and Moroccans mixed earlier . A group called the Kalash , from Pakistan , appears to come from an admixture event that happened sometime before 206 B.C. , when people from a more European group hooked up with a more Central/South Asian group . Researchers say the Kalash are geographically isolated , originating in the Hindu Kush mountains , which is why they do n't show genetic signatures of a more recent admixture event . Local tradition says the Kalash are descended from the army of Alexander the Great ; the new study does not rule that out , since the time period of the mixing event could have been about right . "  We have tried to let the genetic information ` speak ' in this study , but future interpretation of signals -- especially in follow-up studies of specific regions -- would benefit from expertise from ... historians , linguists and others , " Hellenthal and Myers said . Some groups showed genetic signals that the researchers were unable to precisely interpret . For instance , genetic material from French people suggests an intermixing between northern and southern Europeans and northern Africans , between 785 and 1,385 years ago , but the event itself is still unclear . The researchers were not able to pick up signals of some well-established historical intermixings , such as migrations into the United Kingdom from northern European groups , because of the small sample sizes . It is possible that a mutation could arise in two populations independently , but that is thought to be rare . "  If two individuals share a mutation , it is statistically much more likely that the mutation occurred in a common ancestor of both individuals , rather than arising independently in the ancestors of each of them , " Hellenthal and Myers said . The researchers are involved in a project called People of the British Isles , which is looking specifically at the genetic origins of people from the United Kingdom . Other projects are looking in more depth at areas such as the Caribbean , Ethiopia and the Americas . The researchers say in the study that as whole-genome sequencing improves and analyses are able to incorporate more people as well as ancient DNA , we may reach a "  better understanding of ancient events where little or no historical record exists , to identify many additional events ... and to provide more precise event characterization than is currently possible . " There may also be implications for public health , as researchers get better at identifying disease risks that are higher in specific populations . Baby 's DNA deconstructed before birth	Genetic admixure : When people from different groups interbreed There have been many instances of this happening Researchers used DNA to track historical mixing
CNN  -- While snow from a massive winter storm system continued to fall Wednesday night in parts of the Northeast , millions in the Midwest were left to dig themselves out , brave dangerously frigid temperatures and cope with sporadic power outages . An Arctic cold front followed the storm that dumped nearly 2 feet of snow in some locales , complicating cleanup efforts and spurring freeze warnings that spanned much of the nation 's midsection . In much of Wisconsin , for instance , wind chill values were expected between 20 and 25 degrees below zero Wednesday night , according to the National Weather Service . Still , Green Bay Packers fans down in north Texas ahead of their team 's Super Bowl showdown with the Pittsburgh Steelers only got a relative respite , temperature-wise . In Arlington , Texas , site of Sunday 's game , there was a wind chill advisory in effect due to very cold conditions that made the temperature feel between zero and minus-10 degrees , and several inches of snow and ice had a debilitating effect in parts of Dallas , Fort Worth and their surrounding areas . "  It was funny to see a whole city shut down . Everything was closed , " said Packers ' defensive lineman Ryan Pickett . "  In Green Bay , this is just a normal day . " The problems facing Texas were largely because of icy conditions exacerbated by cold temperatures . Besides slick roads , Gov. Rick Perry said in a statement that the weather put an unprecedented demand on the state 's energy grid , leading to power outages Wednesday that were expected to continue into Thursday . Furthermore , 50 power plants were out statewide due to the extreme weather , leading to a 10 % -15 % reduction in electricity production , said the state 's utility commission spokesman Terry Hadley . The commission said in a statement that rotating outages would be limited to 10 to 45 minutes , unless equipment fails due to a power surge during the restoration process . It 's all part of the effects of a storm system that blanketed 30 states with a mix of snow , sleet and freezing rain over several days , producing record-breaking accumulations in several Midwest locales , making for treacherous travel on snow-choked roadways and forcing airlines to cancel thousands of flights . The huge demand for information caused sporadic outages for the National Weather Service 's web servers , which struggled to handle a deluge of 10 million to 20 million hits per hour , officials said . The site normally get 70 million hits per day . The last of the storm was drenching the Northeast late Wednesday , dumping freezing rain and snow in much of southern New England . While the amounts were less there than what some had forecast previously , the cumulative effect of relentless precipitation had a crippling impact in places . In Massachusetts , for instance , a number of roofs collapsed under the weight of rain-soaked snow , including the roof of a large commercial building in the town of Easton , according to fire captain David Beals . Up to 100 employees were evacuated prior to the collapse , he said . No injuries were reported . About 800 miles away , residents of Chicago were recovering from the system , which at times hit the Windy City hard with its combination of strong gusts and blinding precipitation . O'Hare International Airport received a record-breaking 20.2 inches of snow , according to the weather service . Raymond Roscoe , chief of staff for Chicago Mayor Richard Daley , said that many motorists remained stuck in their cars throughout the night , while others abandoned their vehicles . Police , fire department and sanitation crews spent much of the night pulling people out of their cars , he said . Roscoe said there were no reports of injuries . "  There were no cars or people on the street and you could n't see the buildings nearby because of the thick snow , " said city resident Sruthi Swaminathan . "  The only thing you could see clearly were the lights from the Chicago theater . " The good news was that the blizzard warnings for northeastern Illinois , including the Chicago metropolitan area , were called off . Still , even as the snow tapered off , forecasters said wind chills may fall to 20 to 40 degrees below zero late Wednesday . "  The wind on the lake shore is beyond belief , " said Chicago resident Anni Glissman . "  It almost knocks you over . " Elsewhere , Illinois State Police carried out a rescue operation in Kankakee County after 20 cars were stranded in the snowstorm , where snowdrifts were measured at about 3 feet , the agency said . The rescued motorists were taken to temporary warming centers in Manteno or Peotone , said state police Sgt. Angie Kinstner . In Wisconsin , the Department of Transportation reported that Interstate 42 and Interstate 94 were impassable south of Milwaukee . The National Guard was making a sweep of the interstates for stranded motorists . On Wednesday night , President Barack Obama approved a request from Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin and approved an emergency disaster declaration for all the state 's 77 counties , a move that will expedite post-storm assistance , according to a statement from FEMA . Fallin had declared a state of emergency on Monday in advance of the storm , a release from the state 's Department of Emergency Management said . A 20-year-old Moore , Oklahoma , woman died after hitting her head while sledding during the storm , the statement said . Many others were injured in Oklahoma -- 77 in falls , four in carbon monoxide poisonings , 13 with cuts , 24 in road accidents , two with frostbite and five in other storm-related injuries , according to the state health department . In addition , the state highway patrol responded to 81 storm-related crashes and 278 calls from motorists seeking help . And nationwide , the storm crippled air travel through much of the Midwest and the Northeast , as major carriers cancelled thousands of flights that stranded tens of thousands of passengers . Airports were set to get back on track Thursday , with Amtrak also announcing that service should return to normal then along the Eastern seaboard . The other glimmer of hope came from the world 's most famous groundhog , Punxsutawney Phil . Wednesday morning , from his perch right in the middle of the storm track in central Pennsylvania , Phil did n't see his shadow . According to a tradition dating back 100 years , that means spring will come early this year . CNN 's Sean Morris , Mark McKay and Tracey Sabo contributed to this report	NEW : Amtrak , most airports expect to return to normal Thursday NEW : President Obama declares a federal emergency in Oklahoma , expediting aid Extreme weather halts energy production at 50 Texas power plants , a spokesman says Wind chills in Wisconsin may fall to 20 to 25 degrees below zero Wednesday night
CNN  -- "  What does this thing do ? " That 's what I asked the garbage man one afternoon many years ago when we had Truck Day outside Cherokee Elementary . At least I think it was Truck Day . There were lots of trucks . And our teachers encouraged us to look at them and ask questions . So , I 'm pretty sure it was n't sex-ed . God , I hope not . Anyway , the garbage man smiled and answered my question . "  Well , this makes the mechanical arm go down . Here , try it . " Me at the helm of a steel hydraulic grabbing device in the vicinity of small children . What could possibly go wrong ? I pulled the lever . Things moved . Noises were made . Nothing went wrong . And to this day , it 's pretty much the highlight of my life . I should 've been a garbage man . Instead I became a journalist . I repeat : I should 've been a garbage man . Because big trucks are awesome . Especially when you 're a kid . Richard Janney knows all about this . The 42-year-old legal recruiter from the suburbs of Chicago has two boys , 9 and 3 . And the youngest is completely obsessed with trucks . Janney explains that his little one is over the moon when it comes to big equipment . "  Like , stop and pull over and watch an active construction site for 10 or 20 minutes kind of excitement . " So , he does . That 's just being a good dad . But one day , back in early July while taking a roadside pause with his son , Janney looked out upon the broken land and saw an excavator in a whole new light . In this great , massive machine he suddenly saw beauty . Like Orson Welles slathered in baby oil . Bad comparison . I do n't know what just happened there . As Janney looked out over the construction site with this heightened appreciation for machinery , it was then that he decided he would go home and paint the excavator for his son . He could already picture it . "  I 've always been obsessed with van Gogh , " Janney says . "  I had been trying to do paintings that emulated his style for about a year . " So , in paying homage to "  Starry Night , " he painted "  Quarry Night . " And it was magnificent . Janney posted an image of his painting online and , immediately , people were enthusiastic . Hundreds asked him if they could buy prints . Not bad for a former lawyer with largely untapped artistic ability . You see , for years , Janney was a litigator for a big firm . And he hated it . "  I was willing to crawl through a sewer pipe like Tim Robbins did in Shawshank Redemption just to get out , " he said . I ca n't even imagine . Or maybe I just do n't want to . But he made it out . "  I have a lot more time for my family , which is why I 'm able to pull over and watch construction equipment when my boys see one in action . We also watch trains a lot . " Note : These are real things you can see when you stop clicking through cat videos on your iPad . However , be warned that doing so requires leaving the house and wearing pants . Just FYI . Of course , getting out of a busy law career also allowed Janney more time to further explore this passion for art , despite the fact that he has no formal training . When he was younger he drew a lot , eventually delving into the world of cartoons . In college , Janney even penned a strip called "  Pierre the French Guy . " That one almost got syndicated . Painting came much later , about 10 years ago . Which ultimately led to "  Quarry Night . " Soon after that , Janney brushed another truck-inspired masterpiece : "  Vincent Van Dozer . " Once again he had an online hit . And it was another fine example of hidden artistic talent being discovered on the Internet . In all , it 's a small body of work -- there are only two truck paintings so far -- but Janny 's already getting commissions from construction companies , engineers , and manufacturers . He says , "  One guy told me that he was so happy to see that someone else saw those machines as works of art . " Like Orson Welles slathered in baby oil . Nope . Still a bad comparison . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	42-year-old Richard Janney is a legal recruiter outside Chicago He started painting big trucks in the style of Vincent van Gogh His artwork became a surprise hit on the Internet
CNN  -- A doctor in Fiji is examining three teenage boys rescued 240 miles from land after they were lost in the South Pacific for more than 50 days . Apunas Sakamuri , spokesman for the police department in Suva , Fiji , said the three were admitted to Suva Public Hospital and then released to a private doctor identified as Dr. Rosemary Mitchell . Filo Filo , 15 , and his cousins -- Etueni Nasau , 14 , and Samu Pelesa , 15 -- were famished , dehydrated , exhausted and sunburned when a crew member on a fishing boat two miles away spotted their 12-foot metal boat and alerted his superior . The rescue , which came two weeks after hundreds turned out to mourn them , elated their friends and relatives . Tanu Filo , whose 15-year-old son Filo was among the survivors , told CNN Thursday in a telephone interview from his native Tokelau Islands that , "  I was on cloud nine . I was so joyful . " "  I could n't believe my son and his boys were found again . Unbelievable , " said Tanu Filo , who noted that a traditional celebration is now in order . "  He alerted us that he saw something immediately on our bow , directly in front of us , " Tai Fredricsen told CNN Thursday from his 280-foot tuna boat . "  As we drew closer , we could tell that it was a small boat of some type . " The boat was a strange find so far from land . "  It 's not something you go in the open ocean with , " he said , noting that the boat was 240 miles northeast of Fiji when it was spotted late Tuesday afternoon . And it got stranger . Inside were three naked teenage boys -- cousins from the Tokelau Islands 750 nautical miles away . Asked whether they needed help , they said yes . When he learned how long they had been adrift , Fredricsen released his rescue boat , took them aboard his fishing boat , the San Nikunau . "  They looked very bad -- bones protruding from underneath the skin , but mentally strong , strong as an ox , " Fredricsen said . He moved them to his cabin 's king-sized bed , where "  they all fit comfortably , " and began administering first aid to their burned skin . "  They were ecstatic , " he said . He also gave them electrolyte-spiked liquids as he had been trained to do in a first-aid class . "  I just gave them very small doses -- they more or less let the drink stay in their mouth and they swirled it around and let it absorb in their cheeks very slowly . " After about half an hour , they were able to swallow , but he urged them to go slowly . "  They knew I was trying to help , and they did what I said . The cooperation was just incredible from the start . " After a couple of hours , they were able to eat small pieces of dry white bread , he said . Four hours later , he was feeding them slices of oranges and apples . "  And then they were starting to get a little bit carried away -- they were wanting some McDonald 's or some French fries , but I could n't allow them to have that yet . " After six hours on board , the three teenage boys began to mingle with the crew . By 4:30 a.m. local time Thursday , they were transferred to a Fiji coast guard vessel , destined for a hospital in Suva on that Pacific island , "  hopefully warm and cozy . " Throughout , the boys were smiling , he said . Natives of the Tokelau Islands -- three small atolls in the Pacific Ocean , about midway between New Zealand and Hawaii -- the boys said they had set out in the boat in early October to travel from one island to another , Fredricsen said . "  The islands are pretty close and they can be transited quite easily with these small vessels , " but they got disoriented after losing sight of land , "  and that was it , " he said . The boys said they had left their island with enough coconuts to keep them hydrated for two days , he said . But they used a tarpaulin to catch rainwater and for shelter after their clothes disintegrated . And two weeks ago , they caught a seabird , which they ate , he said . About the same time , authorities had concluded that the teens could not have survived and declared them dead . Two weeks ago , their families and friends held a memorial service attended by 500 people , in the island chain that has a total population of 1,400 , according to the Sydney Morning Herald . But their rescue came just in the nick of time . "  They did admit to me they had started drinking salt water two days prior to us rescuing them , " Fredricsen said . Drinking excess amounts of saltwater can shut down one 's kidneys , which can be fatal . The boys were spotted in an "  unusual place " -- west of the Tokelaus , between western Samoa and Fiji , said Eric Barratt , the managing director for the Sanford seafood company , whose boat found the boys . It was dumb luck that the fishing boat came upon the boys , said Fredricsen , since its usual port of unloading and operations is in American Samoa . "  By chance , we were going to New Zealand to unload " because the boat was scheduled to be pulled from the water and inspected , a quadrennial event , he said . Fredricsen called the Tokelau Islands and informed Pelesa 's grandmother of his unusual catch . "  I just told her we found her kids , and it was total hysteria , " Fredricsen said . "  It was just amazing . " Pelesa 's uncle , Lakia Kalolo , told CNN that Pelesa 's grandmother broke the news to him and others . "  You should have seen the village , you should have seen the people here , " he said . "  They were happy , very happy . Everybody was crying ... We gave thanks to God . " Tanu Filo described a similar scene , with singing and hugging among the villagers when the good news arrived . But when Filo Filo first phoned his father from the boat , "  he cried more than he talked , " his father Tanu recalled . "  I can tell you that he 's tired and all , from the way he speaks , " Tanu Filo said . "  But he was so happy . " Fredricsen said the boys left their mark on him and his crewmates -- not only because of what they endured while lost at sea , but because of their attitudes after rescue . "  It was just an uplifting experience to meet these young men , " Fredricsen said . "  They did n't give up . " Tanu Filo said locals are "  trying to plan a celebration in a Tokelean way . " Besides the boys , he would like the tuna boat 's captain and crew to join in the celebratory eating , singing and joy . "  I 'd like to say thanks , and shake hands and celebrate ... together , " Tanu Filo said . "  We want to invite them to the feast . " -- CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	Father of teen calls rescue "  unbelievable , " invites ship 's crew to celebrate Three cousins -- two age 15 , another 14 -- set off on a trip in early October After they got lost , they drifted 750 miles in the Pacific over 50 days A memorial service was held two weeks ago for the three in the Tokelau Islands
CNN  -- The federal lawsuit filed by Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett on behalf of the state against the NCAA is politically smart . It is never a bad thing for a state lawmaker to stand behind the flagship university , especially when the lawmaker himself is under investigation for his alleged complicity in protracting the official inquiry of Jerry Sandusky . But legally , the lawsuit makes no sense . Recall the events : Penn State University , in the midst of the national scandal stemming from the crimes of Sandusky , agreed to settle any claims that the NCAA might have against it for failure to supervise its football program . The settlement was undeniably harsh , including a fine of $ 60 million , loss of scholarships and bowl eligibility for four years , and the easing of rules to allow student-athletes to transfer out of Penn State 's football program .  Meanwhile , outside of the settlement , the criminal trials of key university administrators for perjury and failure to report abuse are proceeding . Like most plea bargains , the perpetrator got something from the deal , too . By settling early , the university avoided the prolonged NCAA infractions process . Proceeding by the infractions process would have kept Penn State 's name , Sandusky 's crimes and Joe Paterno 's dubious legacy in the news longer than usual . More alarmingly , the infractions committee could have imposed the dreaded "  death penalty " -- a complete termination of the football program for years , the cost of which would have undoubtedly dwarfed the measures imposed . Notably , Penn State agreed in accepting the deal that it would not challenge the NCAA 's authority in court . Corbett described the sanctions as "  overreaching and unlawful " while other lawmakers object to the fines being used to fund programs in other states . Since the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was not limited by the Penn State-NCAA agreement , it can sue to overturn it . Yet it is that very fact -- that Pennsylvania is a stranger to the agreement -- that dooms its litigation . The lawsuit asks the court to grant an injunction so that NCAA can be refrained from imposing the sanctions . Injunctions look to the future and are designed to prevent damages . Typically , an injunction plaintiff claims that something bad is about to happen and asks the court to stop it . What bad thing will happen to Pennsylvania ? It partially funds Penn State . Therefore , according to the complaint , future NCAA sanctions that come out of the Penn State treasury will , by derivation , also be taken from Pennsylvania 's treasury , or at least the part of it that the state chooses to share with the university . In other words , Pennsylvania is claiming that it will be injured by its decision to contribute money to the university . If it is so keen to prevent itself from being harmed , why does n't the state simply refuse to give money to the school until the sanctions period has expired ? Pennsylvania will not be injured by the NCAA 's sanctions ; it will be injured by its own decision to fund the university . No federal judge is going to find otherwise . I strongly suspect Pennsylvania 's lawyers are well aware of the fundamental absurdity of their lawsuit . That is why the complaint repeatedly alludes to the losses that other people and parties will suffer from the NCAA sanctions ; those others include local businesses , other students and sports teams at the university , season-ticket holders and the numerous merchandise vendors who profit from the financial success of this greatest-of-all revenue sports . Yet none of those other people would likely have standing to sue , so their inclusion only underscores the state 's untenable litigation position . At times , the complaint filed by the state reads less like a legal document and more like a press release , extolling the fine virtues of a Penn State education amidst the hard-working townsfolk of central Pennsylvania . The complaint also strangely paints the NCAA in starkly negative hues , as if associating the organization with greed and its leadership with conspiracy will somehow make a difference . It goes so far as to smear the NCAA president for his handsome salary , noting that it constitutes a substantial raise over that of his predecessor . This lawsuit will probably not get past the motion to dismiss . The high point of the suit in Pennsylvania 's eyes is now ; get your shots in while you can . But imagine that Pennsylvania actually litigates to a successful conclusion and has the consent decree between Penn State and the NCAA overturned . What then ? The NCAA can simply reopen the case and refer the matter to the infractions process , with the penalty of death the likely outcome for Penn State 's Nittany Lions . If Joe were still here , he would tell you : Sometimes it 's smarter to punt . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Standen .	Gov. Tom Corbett filed a lawsuit against NCAA over sanctions on Penn State Jeffrey Standen : The lawsuit is smart politically , but makes no sense legally He says complaint reads less like a legal document , more like a press release Standen : Even if lawsuit were successful , NCAA can reopen the case
Gaza City  CNN  -- The Israeli military launched a ground operation into Gaza late Thursday and called an extra 18,000 reservists into the conflict with Hamas . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon ordered the ground action to destroy tunnels from Gaza into Israeli territory , according to a statement from Netanyahu 's media adviser . Thirteen Hamas militants used a tunnel earlier Thursday to launch an attempted attack in Sufa , near an Israeli kibbutz , but were stopped by Israeli soldiers , the Israel Defense Forces reported . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer asked Mark Regev , Netanyahu 's spokesman , whether Israel planned to occupy Gaza for a long time . Regev did n't answer directly , but said Israel 's goals are to "  diminish " the Hamas military force and to show Hamas it can not attack Israel with impunity . "  We have hit Hamas hard , and we will continue to hit Hamas hard , " the Israel Defense Forces tweeted . Hamas immediately condemned the Israeli operation . Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum told CNN that "  the beginning of the Israeli ground invasion of Gaza is a dangerous step with unknown consequences . Israel will pay a heavy price for it . " Later , appearing on Aqsa TV , Barhoum said , "  the resistance will confront the Israeli ground invasion and will defend the people of Gaza . " He said Hamas military forces are "  far stronger " than in 2009 and 2012 , when Hamas and Israel clashed . Militants are prepared to capture Israel soldiers and use them to trade for some of 5,000 prisoners in Israeli jails , Barhoum said . CNN 's Palestinian security sources said Israeli tanks have reached Abu Holeh and that Israeli troops are clashing with Hamas and Islamic Jihad fighters along the Kissufim road . Abu Holeh is about in the center of Gaza , said CNN reporter Ben Wedeman . If Israeli forces go from there to the sea they can split Gaza as they did during the 2009 ground operation , Wedeman said . Wedeman said Israeli forces struck near a mosque in Gaza City 's Zaitoun neighborhood , which has been pounded since start of bombing , with many casualties reported . Gaza hospital struck Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch , said Israeli bombs hit Wafa Hospital in Gaza while four patients were inside . Seventeen others had evacuated , he said . The long-awaited ground operation follows one of the worst nights of fighting since the war began . That fighting began after a temporary cease-fire ended earlier in the day . The Gaza Health Ministry said seven children were killed in three hours on Thursday . Before the incursion , the IDF dropped leaflets in 14 areas of Gaza , urging residents to temporarily leave their homes . CNN reporter Ian Lee described the action : "  Periodic fire balls illuminate the sky over Gaza . We see rockets screech toward the sky . Minutes later we see an intercepting missile rise from the iron dome , reducing the rocket into confetti of light and fire . "  We 've seen red tracer rounds fly across the horizon . The repetitive thud of naval guns echoes throughout the coastal strip . " A 4-year-old girl was killed in an Israeli airstrike near the customs building in Khan Younis , Palestinian medical and security sources said , and another airstrike killed a 29-year-old man east of Khan Younis . Aqsa TV reported that an Israeli was killed and another injured in shelling of Ashkelon and that seven Israeli soldiers were injured in an attack on a military location . Aqsa TV also reported that Israeli gunboats near Beit Lahiya north of Gaza strip , fired at the homes of residents . Palestinian medical and security sources say 246 people have been killed in Gaza and more than 1,850 injured . Israel says one of its citizens has died . Cairo talks The region has many depressing precedents when it comes to violence . In recent decades , Palestinians launched two armed uprisings against Israel , known as Intifadas , that each went on for years . In late 2008 and early 2009 , Israel carried out airstrikes and then a ground offensive against Hamas in Gaza that killed hundreds of Palestinians . In November 2012 , the two sides fought a bloody eight-day conflict that ended in a cease-fire . Egypt , which as been trying to broker a cease-fire , said Thursday , "  If Hamas had accepted the truce Palestinian lives could have been saved . " Earlier , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Arab League Secretary-General Nabil Al-Arabi held talks in Cairo aimed at reaching a cease-fire agreement . An Israeli delegation also attended , leaving after several hours , the state-run al-Ahram news agency reported . "  I expect that we will reach an agreement very soon ; the efforts of a cease-fire is to stop the bloodshed , killing and destruction in Gaza , " said Nabil Shaath , an Abbas adviser and member of the central committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization . He said negotiators were focusing on stopping bloodshed above all else . He said they would later discuss Hamas demands , including opening Gaza border crossings and freeing prisoners whose exit from jail was negotiated in exchange for the release of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit . "  These are all legitimate demands by Hamas , but the priority is for an immediate cease-fire , " Shaath said . Hamas leaders had rejected an earlier Egyptian cease-fire proposal , saying they had not been consulted on the deal and complaining that it did not address their broader demands . Egypt is playing a large role in the talks despite its distrust of Hamas . Like Israel , Egypt considers Hamas a terror organization because of the group 's roots in the Muslim Brotherhood , which Egypt 's military-led government banned after the country 's 2013 coup . Temporary cease-fire During Thursday 's temporary cease-fire , Gaza banks opened for the first time in 10 days . Residents poured into the streets . Red Cross officials visited hospitals and damaged houses to assess medical needs , and worked with local officials to fix water pipelines . Some work was also done to repair power lines , the United Nations said . At least 10 to 15 trucks entered Gaza through the Karem Shalom border crossing once it opened at 1 p.m.  6 a.m. ET  , according to Ra'ed Fatooh , the Palestinian official in charge of the crossing in Gaza . Goods were limited to medical supplies and basic foodstuffs such as rice , sugar , oil , canned food , flour and other basic goods , he said . Gaza crisis : Who 's who in Hamas Deaths on Gaza beach Fallout continued from the deaths the day before of four cousins ages 9 to 11 who died in an Israeli military strike on a Gaza beach . The results of a preliminary investigation suggests the deaths were the result of a "  a tragic misidentification of the target , " Regev told CNN . "  We did n't want to kill those four boys . That was not our intention , " Regev said . "  I 'd even say the opposite is true . Had we known that that missile was aimed at four young men like that we would have not sent the missile . " A Hamas official called the killings a "  war crime . " "  Those children were not firing rockets , they were just playing , " Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zhuri told reporters Wednesday . Regev , however , said a legitimate Hamas target was nearby , highlighting what he called a "  complex combat environment " in crowded Gaza City and surrounding areas . Israeli officials say militants often use mosques , schools and other crowded places to hide rockets and other weapons . Israeli military 's ` knock on roof ' warnings criticized by rights groups War-scarred Gaza medical crews also in harm 's way Opinion : A smart way out of the Gaza confrontation CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Gaza City , and CNN 's Ralph Ellis and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ali Younes , Jethro Mullen , Samira Abdelaziz , Kareem Khadder , Tim Lister , Ian Lee , Diana Magnay , Samira Said , Michael Schwartz , Salma Abdelaziz and Tal Heinrich also contributed to this report .	IDF : "  We have hit Hamas hard , and we will continue to hit Hamas hard " Hamas condemns Israel for launching ground action Operation follows 10 days of airstrikes and bombings Palestinian security sources say airstrikes killed 7 children
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A potential victim became a compassionate counselor during a recent robbery attempt , changing the would-be criminal 's mind -- and apparently his religion . Surveillance video shows storekeeper Mohammad Sohail holding a robber at bay with a shotgun . Storekeeper Mohammad Sohail was closing up his Long Island convenience store just after midnight on May 21 when -- as shown on the store 's surveillance video -- a man came in wielding a baseball bat and demanding money . "  He said , ` Hurry up and give me the money , give me the money ! ' and I said , ` Hold on ' , " Sohail recalled in a phone interview with CNN on Tuesday , after the store video and his story was carried on local TV . Sohail said he reached under the counter , grabbed his gun and told the robber to drop the bat and get down on his knees . "  He 's crying like a baby , " Sohail said . "  He says , ` Do n't call police , do n't shoot me , I have no money , I have no food in my house . ' " Amidst the man 's apologies and pleas , Sohail said he felt a surge of compassion . He made the man promise never to rob anyone again and when he agreed , Sohail gave him $ 40 and a loaf of bread . "  When he gets $ 40 , he 's very impressed , he says , ' I want to be a Muslim just like you , ' " Sohail said , adding he had the would-be criminal recite an Islamic oath . "  I said ` Congratulations . You are now a Muslim and your name is Nawaz Sharif Zardari . ' " When asked why he chose the hybrid of two Pakistani presidents ' names , the Pakistani immigrant laughed and said he had been watching a South Asian news channel moments before the confrontation . Sohail said the man fled the store when he turned away to get the man some free milk . He said police might still be looking for the suspect but he does n't intend to press charges . "  The guy , you know , everybody has a hard time right now , it 's too bad for everybody right now in this economy , " said the storekeeper .	Long Island storekeeper Mohammad Sohail faces man wielding baseball bat Sohail grabs shotgun ; stunned man begins to cry , says he has no food at home Man 's story tugs at Sohail 's heartstrings , and he offers man money , bread , milk After act of compassion , man says he wants to become a Muslim like Sohail
Detroit  CNN  -- Thanksgiving Day 2008 shows where Detroit has been . The Detroit Lions have played at home every Thanksgiving since 1934 . It is the city 's greatest football tradition . Yet instead of a source of great pride , the game had become an embarrassment , as well as representative of everything going horribly wrong in Detroit . The auto industry melted down with alarming and unprecedented speed . The City of Detroit was rife with political scandal that eventually put Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and several other prominent public officials behind bars . All this turmoil came while the Lions were poised to be the only team in NFL history to go 0-16 . The sentiment ? The Lions were viewed as incredible losers in the NFL landscape , so we must be incredible losers , too . However , the fans maintained their love for the team in spite of their obvious difficulties . The Tennessee Titans ended up thrashing the Lions , 47-10 . Tennessee 's defensive coordinator that day was Jim Schwartz . Less than two months later , he was the Lions ' head coach . "  I do n't remember much about the game other than we had our concerns about winning it , but I do recall the drive into the city . " Schwartz said . "  You could just see and feel what was happening at the time . It was eye-opening . " That was in stark contrast to what is happening in Detroit three years later . In 2011 , the Lions are 4-0 for the first time since 1980 . Their matchup Monday night against Chicago at Ford Field is perhaps the most anticipated football game the Lions have played since they advanced to the NFC championship game in 1991 . Meanwhile on the mound in Detroit , the Tigers are also showing amazing promise . In a thrilling game , the Tigers beat the New York Yankees 3-2 on Thursday to advance to the American League Championship Series . The Tigers did capture the AL pennant in 2006 -- eliminating the Yankees -- but had been a high-payroll , low-achieving club since until this summer , when they ran away with the AL Central title . The pressure to deliver the division title this season was so intense that on the night the Tigers clinched , tears welled in manager Jim Leyland 's eyes as he was interviewed by Fox Sports Detroit team broadcaster Mario Impemba . "  At times like this , sports teams can lift the spirits of their fans , " Leyland said , his voice cracking . "  I hope we uplifted their spirits , because they deserved it . " At this moment in Detroit , it seems like both teams , the Lions and Tigers , are lifting each other 's as well as this city 's spirits . "  We 're all allies , " Leyland said . "  We 're pulling for one and another . Good atmosphere for the city . Makes people forget about their troubles with good times with sports . " The success of the Lions and Tigers has hardly made the city 's problems go away.The 2010 census numbers revealed that Detroit 's population dropped to 713,777 . Detroit had once been the nation 's fourth largest city , with more than 1.8 million people . Michigan was the only state in the nation to have a net loss in population since the 2000 census . There are entire blocks of Detroit that are nothing but vacant houses . Violence is also a major issue . In one 24-hour period on an August weekend , 16 people were shot and seven killed . Yet there are some signs of hope in the economy . The auto industry seems to be doing better . Ford Motor Co. stock is up nearly 11 times its value at the depths of the meltdown , while General Motors is trading publicly again and reporting profits . Chrysler is reportedly turning a profit , too , and is still reaping the benefits from its Super Bowl commercial featuring Detroit 's own Eminem . The ad references "  hard work , conviction and a know-how that runs generations deep in every last one of us . " It seems to sum up the feelings of pride in spite of circumstance felt by the residents of the state . History has shown that when the city 's sports teams start doing well , it 's a sign of healing in Detroit . In 1968 , when the Tigers won the World Series , it brought a racially divided region together after race riots . In 1984 , the local economy rebounded from the recession at the same time the Tigers again won the World Series . What makes 2011 different ? The Tigers ' magical summer is being followed by a surprisingly solid performance from the usually underperforming Lions , behind a triple threat of quarterback Matthew Stafford , wide receiver Calvin Johnson and defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh . It 's not just that the Lions are winning but how they 're doing it . They were down 20 points against the Minnesota Vikings on the road September 25 and then , the following Sunday , down 24 points against the Cowboys on the road . The Lions won both games , representing the city 's come-from-behind spirit and fight to win in the midst of adversity . This tenacity is not lost on Schwartz , the coach , who has seen the Lions at their worst and now their best . "  When I became the Lions coach , it did n't take me long to understand what the team means to the people here , " Schwartz said . "  No matter how bad it has been , they have never stopped caring . They are vocal but never apathetic . It 's like a lawn that has been dormant . It just takes one good watering , and it 's back . " Eminem 's tag line in January 's Chrysler ad -- "  that 's who we are . That 's our story " -- sums up the motivation for these teams who know that the wins are helping Detroit 's image and giving residents a sense of hope and pride that 's been missing . It seems that Detroit is back -- for now .	Detroit had once been fourth largest U.S. city , with more than 1.8 million people 2010 Census numbers reveal a drop in population to 713,777 Detroit has been a source of economic trouble for months Detroit Lions and Detroit Tigers are both experiencing a winning season
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Members of Latin America 's largest guerrilla group declared Thursday they will ask for an immediate cease fire when they meet with Colombian government negotiators for peace talks next month . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -- known by the Spanish acronym FARC -- have waged a bloody civil war for five decades with the Colombian government and right-wing paramilitary groups . The group is considered by the United States government to be a terrorist organization . The discussions will begin on October 8 in Oslo , Norway , six FARC members said during a news conference held in Havana on Thursday . Time is right , but past failures haunt Colombia peace talks Chile , Cuba , Venezuela and Norway have been named as countries that will aid in the negotiations . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said Tuesday he supports the effort and named government negotiators to attempt to hammer out a treaty . A possible peace deal will face many obstacles , including long-standing allegations that FARC guerrillas have enriched themselves with ransoms paid for kidnap victims and with drug trafficking . FARC commander Mauricio Jaramillo denied reports that guerrillas still hold prisoners in remote jungle camps . "  We no longer have any captives , " Jaramillo said before asserting that kidnappings by criminal and paramilitary organizations are often blamed on the FARC . Negotiations between the FARC and the Colombian government broke down over 10 years ago . Then-President Andres Pastrana had ceded an area the size of Switzerland to the guerrilla group at the start of those peace talks . The government later said the guerrillas had used the area as a base for drug trafficking and kidnapping . Former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe says it is impossible to hold peace talks without first securing a unilateral cease fire and criticized the proposed negotiations . Five facts about Colombia 's FARC rebels Jaramillo said a cease fire would be proposed as soon as negotiators meet next month , but the FARC is prepared to continue fighting . "  There 's enough of us to keep taking the fight to the government , " he said . As part of a road map for a possible peace deal , the FARC has said the government will need to enact land reform for peasant farmers , help coca growers plant other crops and reintegrate thousands of FARC soldiers into Colombian society . FARC representatives also decried Colombia 's extradition treaty with the United States , which has led to the convictions of several FARC commanders there . "  Anyone who breaks the law in Colombia should be tried in Colombia , " said FARC negotiator Ricardo Tellez . "  There 's no need that anyone should be turned over to another country . " The issue could prove to be the first challenge to the talks , since the FARC named commander Simon Trinidad as a member of the team who will negotiate a possible peace deal . Trinidad is serving 60 years in a U.S. federal prison after a 2007 conviction on drug trafficking and terrorism charges . FARC negotiators refused to say at the news conference whether Trinidad 's inclusion is symbolic or if his release is an initial demand to the Colombian government . "  We have Simon Trinidad at the negotiating table , " FARC negotiator Andres ParÃs said Thursday . Boos , gunfire greet Colombian president 's arrival in FARC area Colombia 's Santos says government , rebels in talks GPS : Santos holds the line against the FARC - and wins	An immediate cease fire will be on the agenda in talks next month , FARC members say But one warns , "  There 's enough of us to keep taking the fight to the government . " The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia have waged a civil war for five decades "  We no longer have any captives , " FARC commander Mauricio Jaramillo says
The majestic trees that line streets across the American South are a beautiful sight most of the year . Then there are the weeks when a winter storm hits , and the trees shed ice-laden limbs that crash down on the power lines below . It 's at those times when millions of normally genteel Southern voices rise as one to ask , "  Why are n't these & @ $ # * % ! wires underground ? " In one word : Money . How bad will it get ? After a 2002 storm that knocked out electricity to 2 million customers in North Carolina , regulators there took a look at what it would cost to bury the three major power companies ' overhead lines . The state Utilities Commission concluded the project would be "  prohibitively expensive . " "  Such an undertaking would cost approximately $ 41 billion , nearly six times the net book value of the utilities ' current distribution assets , and would require approximately 25 years to complete , " the report states . Customers ' rates would have to more than double to pay for the project , the commission ' staff found . It 's not the snow , it 's the ice And underground lines "  are not without their disadvantages , " they concluded . While more reliable "  under normal weather conditions , " they take almost 60 % longer to fix when something does happen to them . Underground power lines make up about 18 % of U.S. transmission lines , according to the federal Energy Information Agency . Nearly all new residential and commercial developments have underground electric service , the agency said . But it noted that underground power lines cost five to 10 times more than overhead wires , do n't last as long and cost more to replace . Stir crazy ? How to stay sane "  Buried power lines are protected from the wind , ice and tree damage that are common causes of outages , and so suffer fewer weather or vegetation-related outages , " it concluded . "  But buried lines are more vulnerable to flooding , and can still fail due to equipment issues or lightning . " But there are some places that have decided to go ahead and dig . In Anaheim , California , the city is gradually burying its above-ground power lines , a project that dates back to the 1990s . The city added a 4 % surcharge to electric bills to pay for the 50-year project , which costs more than $ 3 million a mile . Opinion : Why we should bury the power lines	Putting power lines underground is expensive , time-consuming North Carolina studied it , determined it would be ` prohibitively expensive ' While protected from weather , buried lines are still vulnerable to flooding Anahiem , California , in middle of 50-year line burying project
CNN  -- St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch juggled two roles on Wednesday : overseeing the presentation of evidence in the Michael Brown case to a grand jury and responding to the flurry of attacks and calls for his recusal from the case . McCulloch went on the offensive after Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon tried to deflect calls for the prosecutor 's ouster by saying it was up to McCulloch to recuse himself . McCulloch 's deep ties with local police and perceived favoritism of law enforcement in criminal cases have led to concerns about his ability to be impartial in the Brown case . Should he recuse ? In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday night , Nixon said , "  From the outset , I have been clear about the need to have a vigorous prosecution of this case , and that includes minimizing any potential legal uncertainty . " "  I am not asking St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch to recuse himself from this case . There is a well-established process by which a prosecutor can recuse themselves from a pending investigation , and a special prosecutor be appointed . Departing from this established process could unnecessarily inject legal uncertainty into this matter and potentially jeopardize the prosecution , " Nixon said . McCulloch 's response : Nixon needs to "  man up . " "  It 's the typical Nixon doublespeak , " McCulloch said during a radio interview with The McGraw Show on KTRS . "  He says nothing and he 's ducking . " McCulloch said the state of emergency Nixon declared on Saturday gave the governor authority to remove McCulloch from the case . McCulloch said Nixon should "  just make a decision . " "  He does n't need a reason , " McCulloch said to KTRS , "  all he has to do is a simple yes he 's out , or no he 's not out , and let 's move on . The Brown family deserves that and the rest of the community deserves it . " McCulloch firmly stated he is not removing himself from the case . "  I have absolutely no intention of walking away from the duties and responsibilities entrusted to me by the people of this community . I 've done it for 24 years , " he said . The clock is ticking for a decision , according to McCulloch . Now that the presentation has begun , recusing the main prosecutor could complicate matters even more . "  The most devastating thing that could happen , is if a week from now , a month from now he  Nixon  decides that he 's taking me off this case and everybody is starting over . Stand up , man up , " said McCulloch , "  This family deserves nothing less than that . " 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Grand jury presentation Wednesday marked the first day of evidence presentation to the grand jury , a process that will likely continue into the fall . "  We will be presenting absolutely everything to this grand jury , " McCulloch said on KTRS . "  Every statement that a witness made , every witness , every photograph , every piece of physical evidence . Absolutely nothing will be left out , so the grand jury is making their decision based upon absolutely everything and we 'll go from there . " But not all the evidence is ready to be presented , according to McCulloch , which is why prosecutors will have to present in parts . "  As things are completed they 'll be presented to the grand jury , " said McCulloch during an interview with CNN affiliate KMOV . "  But we want to get the process started , and not wait until absolutely everything is done before we even start it . " Overwhelming Volume of Evidence The evidence in the shooting death of Michael Brown involves investigations from multiple agencies , including the Ferguson Police Department , St. Louis Police Department , FBI , U.S. Attorney 's Office and the Department of Justice . Asked how many witnesses have been interviewed so far , McCulloch told KMOV , "  I do n't know . Dozens and dozens , maybe hundreds . " He said the FBI has been successful at locating witnesses in the Canfield apartments , near where Brown was killed . "  The federal government is doing their independent investigation , and so they 're also talking to witnesses , and ultimately that will be made available to us , " McCulloch told KMOV . "  They 're doing their own forensic testing . They 've done their own or will do their own post-mortem examination , and those results will be provided , all to the grand jury . " Grand jury time line McCulloch estimated prosecutors will finish presenting the case by mid-October , a time line that brings its own set of challenges with the grand jury calendar , because the current session ends in early September . "  We will be presenting what we can , between now and the end of their term , which is early September , " McCulloch told KTRS , "  after that , their term is extended just for this case and that 's all they will be doing . They can meet for as long as they want , as long as they want to meet . " "  We present the full case to the grand jury and should there be an indictment , the full case will be presented to the trial jury so that they make the decision , " McCulloch said . "  I do n't decide if somebody is guilty or not guilty . I present the evidence to a jury and the jury makes that decision . " Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	Michael Brown case prosecutor slams Missouri governor Growing chorus calls for prosecutor 's ouster amid controversy Wednesday was the first day of grand jury evidence presentation
