New York  CNN  -- A helicopter that crashed into the East River , killing two of the five people aboard , was over its weight capacity when it went down in October 2011 , the National Transportation Safety Board said in a report released Thursday . The initial aviation accident report from the NTSB did not specify the exact cause of the crash . However , it stated the weight of the helicopter at takeoff was over its capacity by more than 250 pounds . The report said the Bell 206 chopper had a capacity of 3,200 pounds , based on the manufacturer 's specifications . When the helicopter was weighed two days after the accident by a company that specializes in aircraft weight-and-balance services , that company said "  the takeoff weight at the time of the accident was calculated to be 3,461.2 pounds . " It was reported at the time of the crash that the flight was to take friends visiting from abroad on a sightseeing flight around New York City . Shortly after takeoff , the helicopter , its pilot and his four passengers went down into the East River and sank in 35-feet-deep water . In addition to the two killed in the crash , a third passenger died about a month afterward from injuries suffered in the incident , the NTSB said . The pilot Paul Dudley , 56 , reported that he had calculated the total load at takeoff to be 1,131 pounds . However , the NTSB report cited a post-accident interview in which the front-seat passenger said Dudley did not ask for anyone 's weight nor did he execute any paperwork , or perform any calculations before takeoff . Dudley released a statement Thursday noting "  several inconsistencies " in the NTSB report and claiming the cause of the crash was due to an unanticipated "  loss of tail rotor effectiveness . " The statement went on to mention Dudley 's "  unblemished " 28-year aviation record and said that he is still recovering and mourning the loss of his friends every day . The final report from the NTSB is expected to be released within the next few months and it will officially state the probable cause of the crash , according to Keith Holloway , public affairs officer of the agency .	The helicopter crash in October 2011 killed two of five people aboard A third person died later from injuries , the NTSB says The NTSB says the chopper was over its weight limit The pilot says the crash was due to an unanticipated "  loss of tail rotor effectiveness "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Seven areas of Afghanistanwill begin to be handed over to Afghan forces to maintain their security in July , Afghan President Hamid Karzai said on Tuesday . The announcement from the president marks the first step in NATO 's long-awaited plan to hand over security to a series of provinces across the country , leading up to 2014 when it is expected that Afghan security forces will be in control of the whole country . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton welcomed Karzai 's announcement . "  As we have long said , the Afghans themselves must take responsibility for their own future -- for providing security , for strengthening governance and for reaching a political solution to the conflict , " Clinton said in a prepared statement . "  The United States continues to support the Afghan people as they work to build a more stable and peaceful nation , and we remain committed to the goal of a region that is free from Al Qaeda and no longer a safe haven for international terrorism . " Members of NATO also applauded the announcement . "  This represents the next stage of Afghanistan 's journey , " said NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen . "  We are committed not to leave any security vacuum that could breed extremism . " The "  transition is a process . It is not flipping a switch . Certainly Afghans will be in the lead but we are still here and will still help , " said Lt. Col. John Dorrian , a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . He said the decision to begin transitioning Lashkar Gah , an area in the restless province of Helmand , was a "  testament to the progress made in the south . " Areas to be handed over include parts of the capital Kabul . Southern regions such as Kandahar and Helmand provinces have long been major fronts in the war against the Taliban . In a speech last month , Karzai talked about this upcoming transition . During that speech , Karzai credited the influx of 70,000 international forces in 2010 for improving the situation and helping Afghan security forces . "  We are determined to demonstrate Afghan leadership and ownership of the transition process , " he said . CNN 's Matiullah Mati and journalist Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : Secretary of State Clinton , NATO welcome news The announcement is part of long-awaited plan to hand over security Karzai credits the surge of international forces with improving security on the ground
CNN  -- Another day , another reason to cheer -- after a week of tears . Five days after 19 firefighters died while battling it , the Yarnell Hill Fire northwest of Phoenix , Arizona , was 90 % contained , official Twitter and Facebook pages tied to the firefighting effort reported Friday evening . That 's an upgrade from the 80 % containment from earlier in the day , and well above the 45 % mark Thursday . Authorities had announced they 'd expected the blaze to fully under control by July 12 , though it now seems they are ahead of schedule . Still , there 's a lot of recovery to do -- physically , economically and emotionally . The latter is tied largely to the sudden deaths last Sunday of 19 members of Prescott Fire Department 's Granite Mountain Hotshots , in what ended up being the deadliest day for U.S. firefighters since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attack in New York . The fallen firefighters : Who they where Officials have said it appears that , after conditions changed rapidly , the 19 lied down under fire shelters -- blankets meant to protect against flames and heat as a last resort against an inferno . But the flames overwhelmed them , and all died . "  As far as we can tell , that this tragedy was not something that was preventable , " Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , said on Friday . "  A freak movement of wind shift that took place is the primary cause . " They will be remembered Tuesday at a memorial service at Tim 's Toyota Center in Prescott Valley that will be attended by , among others , Vice President Joe Biden , according to McCain . Lookout warned team before fire killed 19 These were n't the only fatalities of firefighters battling wildfires this week . In an unrelated incident Friday morning in California , a firefighter died when a passing car struck him while he was working along Interstate 10 in the Thousand Palms area of Riverside County , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . Authorities later identified the apparatus engineer/paramedic as 41-year-old Christopher Douglas , a Temecula resident and 8-year veteran of CalFire who is survived by his wife and 2-year-old son . As to the Yarnell Hill Fire , it was sparked June 28 by lightning some 3.5 miles west of Yarnell , according to Inciweb , a federal website that disseminates information from agencies such as the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . How to help the families It eventually scorched at least 8,400 acres . According to the Yarnell Fire District , homes or structures at 129 addresses were lost and many residents were ordered to evacuate . Since it erupted , and particularly since the firefighters ' death , many in the area have rallied behind one another . The Arizona Diamondbacks Foundation , the charitable arm of the state 's Major League Baseball team , announced that it is donating $ 200,000 on top of more than $ 100,000 that its fans donated in a four-day span . Prescott 's annual Fourth of July celebration took on special meaning , including a display of 19 solitary , purple fireworks rising into the sky in memory of each man killed . Christina Johnson , a Prescott resident , told CNN affiliate KPHO that she felt it was important to remember the "  honorable men  who  died to protect us and our property " -- something she said was important for them , their families and the community at large . "  Prescott is a wonderful city , full of caring people , and I think it 's brought the town together more , " she said . "  It 's unbelievable . It 's such a loss . " Opinion : When heroes face down fire -- and fate CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Jackie Castillo , Lesa Jansen and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Yarnell Hill Fire is 90 % contained , up from 80 % earlier in the day NEW : 19 firefighters ' deaths were not preventable , Sen. John McCain says NEW : Their deaths "  brought the town together more , " a Prescott resident says A memorial service for the fallen firefighters is set for Tuesday
CNN  -- Olympic marathon gold medalist Samuel Wanjiru died early Monday from injuries sustained after jumping from the balcony of his Nyahururu home in central Kenya , a senior police official said . Wanjiru jumped from the second-floor of his home late Sunday after his wife caught him in the company of another woman , said Jasper Ompati , a police official in Nyahururu . Wanjiru 's wife , Tereza Njeri , and another woman were taken to the police station to give statements but were not considered suspects , Ompati said . The death remains under investigation , he said . Njeri , who lives in Nairobi , returned home unexpectedly to find the two together , Ompati said . Wanjiru is believed to have jumped after his wife locked him inside a bedroom on the second floor , making it impossible for him to leave , he said . Wanjiru achieved worldwide fame when he became Kenya 's first Olympic marathon champion at the Beijing Games in 2008 . Kenyans were mourning the death of Wanjiru , who was considered a national hero . Hundreds were lining up to view his body at a Nyahururu funeral home . Athletics Kenya , the governing athletic body , said the country lost a great athlete . The association said it had pinned its hopes on Wanjiru to win another medal at the London Olympics in 2012 . "  He 's left a gap that will be hard to fill , " said David Okeyo , the secretary-general of Athletics Kenya . The International Olympic Committee praised Wanjiru as an accomplished runner who will be remembered for winning his country 's first Olympic gold medal in the marathon and setting a new Olympic record in the process . "  Our thoughts are with his family and friends , " the IOC said in a written statement sent to CNN . At 21 , Wanjiru was the youngest gold medal winner in the marathon at an Olympics since 1932 . After his Beijing triumph , Wanjiru has set about dominating the marathon distance , claiming a number of victories in races . It helped him be crowned the men 's champion in the 2009 and 2010 world marathon majors series . In recent years , Wanjiru has had a number of troubles . In December 2010 , Wanjiru was charged with making death threats against his wife and illegally possessing an AK47 rifle . At the time , prosecutors alleged Wanjiru was drunk when he made the threats . Wanjiru pleaded innocent to the charges during a court appearance in his home town of Nyahururu . His wife later dropped the charges , though he still faced a weapons charge . Wanjiru was forced to withdraw from the London Marathon , a premier running event ahead of the 2012 Olympics , after he was involved in an automobile accident in January in Kenya . Journalist Lillian Leposo contributed to this story .	NEW : International Olympic Committee praises Wanjiru as an accomplished runner NEW : The IOC says "  Our thoughts are with his family and friends " NEW : Police say Samuel Wanjiru died when he jumped from a balcony Wanjiru 's death is under investigation , police say
CNN  -- After the highs of 2013 , it has n't been a great year for Serena Williams . However , the American tennis star says she is "  on the right track " after getting back to winning ways at Stanford on Sunday . She won the Bank of the West Classic tournament for the third time , fighting back from a horror start to defeat German world No. 7 Angelique Kerber 7-6  7-1  6-3 in the final in California . It not only gave Williams a WTA Tour-leading fourth title this season , but helped her become just the fifth player to be ranked No. 1 for 200 weeks or more since the women 's standings began in 1975 . Having failed to make it past the first week at Wimbledon and the French Open , and losing in the last 16 at the season 's opening grand slam in Melbourne , the 32-year-old is now seeking to resurrect her season by retaining her U.S. Open title next month . "  It would definitely make it better , but it would n't make it go away , " she said when asked if success in New York would make up for her disappointing year so far . "  I feel like I 'm on the right track again . I feel like I can play even better -- I was n't serving my best , and I was n't making as many winners off the return as I wanted to , but I think I 'm getting there . " Stanford was her first tournament since a bizarre performance during a doubles match at Wimbledon , which she later explained as being due to a viral illness . Williams , who started her sixth spell at No. 1 in February 2013 , trailed 5-1 in the opening set against Kerber , who she had beaten in all but one of their previous five meetings . "  I was just thinking I had to take it one point at a time , " Williams said . "  I knew I just had to relax and not be so crazy . "  Up until that point I was n't doing what I wanted to do , and what I had been doing in practice , so I knew I just had to start doing the right things going forward . " Williams now has 61 career titles , 39 behind third-ranked Steffi Graf on the all-time list . However , she is only five grand slams behind the German 's record of 22 and Graf said she would n't bet against Williams closing on that milestone . "  While I do n't have a crystal ball , living in Las Vegas I 've come to appreciate odds , " the 45-year-old told the WTA Tour website when asked about Williams ' chances of extending her tally . "  My answer would be yes . " Graf holds the record of 377 weeks at No. 1 -- more than any player , male or female -- and paid tribute to Williams ' achievement in passing the 200 mark . "  Being at your best all the time in a year-round sport is all-consuming , " Graf said . "  Add to it being the best as you set the bar makes it more exhausting -- physically , mentally and emotionally . "  Keeping that up for almost four years is remarkable . " The tour now heads to Canada for the Rogers Cup in Montreal , where defending champion Williams faces a potential quarterfinal against rising star Eugenie Bouchard . Kerber is in the same quarter of the draw as Maria Sharapova , who she beat at Wimbledon , while the strong field also includes that tournament 's champion Petra Kvitova and former No. 1 Victoria Azarenka .	Serena Williams wins her 61st career title in California on Sunday American triumphs at Bank of the West Classic for third time She is fifth women 's player to be ranked No. 1 for 200 weeks or more Williams will defend her Rogers Cup title in Montreal this week
CNN  -- The soccer bars in the United States will be jammed on Sunday . The U.S. team will play its second game of the World Cup , following a big win last Monday . Here 's what to look for today from Brazil : 1 . The U.S. team faces Portugal as Ronaldo returns The United States has been , to many , one of the surprise teams of the World Cup , having pulled off a 2-1 win against Ghana last Monday . The Americans face Portugal at 6 p.m. ET Sunday and are virtually certain to advance to the round of 16 with a win . But Cristiano Ronaldo , not only Portugal 's best player but one of the best in the world , says he 'll play despite a lingering left knee injury . That adds drama to the game and makes the United States ' task much more difficult . 2 . Who is Ronaldo ? He 's strong . He 's a fast runner . He 's the best in the world with the ball . His feet can strike left - or right-footed . He dominates in the air . He has skills never seen before . That 's the list of attributes U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard ascribes to Portugal 's Cristiano Ronaldo . All eyes will be on the star player , who injured his left knee in his World Cup opening game against Germany in which Portugal endured a stunning 0-4 loss . The U.S. team says it does n't have a special strategy to keep Ronaldo in check . "  Portugal is not only one player , " said U.S. midfielder Jermaine Jones . "  They have a lot of good players . " 3 . Watch the hair and humidity The U.S.-Portugal match takes place in Manaus , a humid place in the jungle . U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann is n't too worried about the muggy climate . "  When you go through Florida and you play in Miami , it 's very similar of what you 're experiencing here , " he told reporters at a press conference Saturday that also featured Tim Howard . One reporter asked Howard what he thought the heat and humidity would do to teammate Kyle Beckerman 's full head of dreadlocks . Howard said , "  He 's had that hairstyle for quite a while . He plays in the MLS , so he knows what humidity is like in the summer . I do n't think it 'll be a factor . " The reporter said he was doing a story about hair at the World Cup . 4 . Belgium vs. Russia Belgium hopes it will make a move toward the knockout stages if it can defeat Russia on Sunday . The teams meet at noon ET . In its last game , Belgium sneaked past Algeria with two goals in the last 20 minutes to win 2-1 . Russia played to a 1-1 draw with South Korea . Russian goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev will be feeling the pressure . On Monday , he let a South Korean kick slip through his fingers , costing his team a chance for victory . 5 . South Korea vs. Algeria South Korea , the bronze medal winner at the 2012 Olympics , is favored to win this game , which starts at 3 p.m. ET . Algeria does n't have a powerful offense . In fact , the Algerians scored their first World Cup goal in 28 years in the game against Belgium . South Korea looked lethargic against Russia , but should be able to raise their energy level . READ MORE : Late Lionel Messi magic sinks Iran READ MORE : Germany 's Klose equals scoring record	U.S. has big match against motivated Portugal All eyes will be on star Portugal player Ronaldo Will Beckerman be able to do a thing with his hair ?
CNN  -- Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad has submitted his letter of resignation , the prime minister 's office told CNN on Saturday . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad 's resignation may smooth the way for a unity government . Considered a political independent , Fayyad was appointed by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in June 2007 to be prime minister . Fayyad 's decision may help smooth the way for a Palestinian unity government that would be acceptable to both Hamas and Fatah , the region 's two main political parties , as well as the international community . Officials have argued a neutral government would be crucial to getting aid into Gaza to help with reconstruction and humanitarian relief . Palestinians unsuccessfully tried their hand at a unity government in the spring of 2007 , with the mediation of Saudi Arabia . The experiment ended in June of that year with Hamas taking over Gaza , leaving Fatah in charge in the West Bank . Fayyad , a well-regarded international economist , was finance minister during the short-lived unity government in 2007 . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad steps down Fayyad 's resignation is expected to pave way for unity government Fayyad was appointed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in 2007
LAUREL , Maryland  CNN  -- Seth Owusu knew at a young age that he wanted to help his countrymen . Seth Owusu shows children in his native Ghana how to use a computer during his visit in June . "  I came from Ghana , " Owusu recalls . "  It all started when I was in primary school and we had some missionaries come to the school . " The visit touched Owusu , who was 8 years old at the time . He tried to figure out why these missionaries had journeyed so far . "  I could n't understand why somebody would travel thousands of miles just to come to a very rural , poor dirt road , " he said . "  I thought it was great . I wanted to transfer that feeling to somebody else . " That passion followed Owusu when he immigrated to the United States at age 24 . He began working at hardware store , where he was tasked to pick up and deliver items . Owusu used a small bar code scanner to enter information about the items he 'd pick up , his first encounter with a computer-like device . "  I had no idea what a computer was , " he said . After work one day , he went home and decided to learn as much as he could about computers . Just after he graduated from a technical college , Owusu established Entire Village Computer Organization , a small nonprofit organization that donates refurbished used computers to schools . He runs EVCO with the help of four volunteer staff members in Ghana . Watch Owusu and children with the new computers " EVCO goes much further than simply dropping off the computers in villages . "  We make a three-calendar-year commitment because we do n't want it to be a teaser , where it 's working two months and after that , it 's gone , " Owusu said . He says technicians go to the schools if there is a broken computer , and they also show teachers how computers can be fixed if they fail again . Owusu and other members of EVCO spend hours in each village , not only installing and teaching about computers , but also giving motivational speeches and teaching about other topics . "  In the donation ceremony ... we have everybody there , " Owusu said . "  We talk about how the Internet has revolutionized everything ; how we live in the global community . We talk about staying in school . We talk about HIV/AIDS . We talk about kids ' behavior , peer pressure . We talk about a whole range of things . So it 's a community affair . " Before each trip to Africa , Owusu picks up and refurbishes donated computers , doing most of the work himself . The garage and his shop in the basement of his home in suburban Maryland are crowded with piles of CPUs and monitors . But most of the work goes into planning his trips , he says . Much of his free time is spent combing through applications from various villages and working out logistics . "  Before we visit a village , it takes about six months , " he said . "  My wife , she thinks I 'm crazy ... I work eight hours and I come home , and the moment I sit down ... I work for the next eight or 10 hours . " Owusu traveled to Ghana again late this spring and was able to incorporate a new program -- this time for younger children who have traditionally been left out . "  There 's nothing we can give them , other than little school supplies and soccer balls and things like that , " he said . The new program , Photos and Fun , lets the children take photos and display them in classrooms . "  Most of these kids have n't ever seen a digital camera before , " Owusu said . Last year , EVCO also began to donate computers to villages in Nigeria . Owusu hopes to add one more African country to the list each year . "  If we can go to a country and plant the seed there , this program can take care of itself , " Owusu said . "  We can be a major player in education in rural communities and help the people who need help and can not get it . " EVCO has donated 120 computers and visited 18 villages in Ghana and Nigeria . Owusu says the nonprofit group has seen an improvement in villages and a higher interest in education in schools that have received EVCO donations . "  The first school we donated to in 2005 ... the population was 700 when we donated the computers . Two years later , the school grew to 1,300 students . In order for Owusu 's dream to come true , he has had to sacrifice many things . "  I sold my house in 2006 to support one of the trips , " he said . He works in the "  Geek Squad " department at a Best Buy electronics store in Washington . He says his employer has been very accommodating , but because of the economy , his hours have been cut . He recently decided to step down from his supervisor position because it was too demanding and he was n't able to put in the hours needed to spend with EVCO . But for Owusu , it 's all worth it . "  It 's been amazing , " he said . "  It 's been just amazing . "	Seth Owusu grew up in Ghana , where he was inspired by missionaries After he moved to the United States , he trained in computers Owusu runs a charity that takes refurbished computers to his native country He and his staff see more interest in education in villages that receive donations
CNN  -- The father of the teen who survived a flight to Hawaii in the wheel well of a jetliner says his son is "  a good kid " who has struggled to adjust to life in America . In a statement released through a San Francisco-area Islamic group , Abdulahi Yusuf said he and his family came to the United States from war-torn Somalia . He identified his son as Yahya Yusuf and said he plans to escort his son back to California from Hawaii . The 15-year-old Yahya told authorities that he crawled into the wheel well of the Hawaii-bound Boeing 767 and lost consciousness when the plane took off . He survived the nearly five-hour flight in subzero temperatures at oxygen-depleted heights as high as 38,000 feet , authorities believe . "  Our family was deeply concerned when my son went missing , and we were relieved to hear of his safety considering the circumstances of his trip , " Abdulahi Yusuf said in a statement issued by the Bay Area chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations . "  My son , like many immigrant children , is struggling adjusting to life in this country , " he said . "  Our situation was aggravated by our displacement in Africa for many years after fleeing our home country of Somalia because of war conditions . As a result , my son was not able to receive any formal education before we immigrated to the United States . Yahya is a good kid who I love dearly . " Discovered after he apparently regained consciousness on Maui , the teen has been recovering at a hospital and is in the custody of the state 's child welfare agency , officials there said . He told investigators that he was trying to get to Somalia to see his mother , and had no clue which plane went where , a law enforcement official told CNN last week . He is said to have hopped a fence at San Jose International Airport shortly after 1 a.m. April 20 and stayed on the grounds for six hours without getting caught , a government official said . Yusuf said he 's headed to Hawaii soon , "  and am excited to bring him back home to his family in California . We thank everybody for their concern and support , and ask that people continue to respect our privacy during this incredibly difficult time . " Teen stowaway was tired , quiet and hungry after plane 's landing	Abdulahi Yusuf releases a statement through a San Francisco-area Islamic group He says his son , Yahya Yusuf , has had trouble adapting to life in the United States He plans to escort his son back to California from Hawaii
CNN  -- Approximately 44 million people live with dementia worldwide , according to the Alzheimer 's Association . By 2050 , that number is expected to more than triple to 115 million . In the fight against these fast-growing numbers , experts from all over the world discussed the latest research at the Alzheimer 's Association International Conference in Copenhagen , Denmark , this week . Here are five things we learned about Alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia : Hypertension in old age may save your brain High blood pressure is usually called the "  silent killer . " However , a new study from the University of California now suggests that if you 're over 90 , hypertension can save the life of your brain cells . Hypertension may protect against dementia in people over age 90 , the study authors say . The researchers followed 625 participants who developed high blood pressure in their 90s for up to 10 years and found that their risk for dementia was 55 % lower than people without a history of hypertension . Nevertheless , the study does n't promote hypertension in the elderly , given that high blood pressure is related to other bad outcomes . "  I do n't think it says if I find somebody who 's doing well at age 90 , whose blood pressure is 120/80 , we should feed them salt to bump their blood pressure up , " says William Klunk , vice chair of the Alzheimer 's Association Medical and Scientific Advisory Council . The study simply shows that when it comes to normal levels of blood pressure , it might not be a one-size-fits-all with respect to age , he says . Better late than never Seniors can lower their risk for late-life cognitive impairment and Alzheimer 's disease with a number of lifestyle changes , new research suggests . A two-year clinical trial from Karolinska Institutet and the Finnish Institute for Health included 1,260 participants aged 60 to 77 . One part of the group received a "  lifestyle-package , " including nutritional guidance , physical exercise , management of heart health risk factors , cognitive training and social activities . The control group received standard health advice . After two years , the lifestyle-intervention group did much better in tests of memory and thinking . We know from past studies that implementing those lifestyle factors in midlife can hedge against Alzheimer 's disease later on , says Ralph Nixon , chairman of the Alzheimer 's Association Medical and Scientific Advisory Council . "  The good news from this particular study is that these kind of changes can be implemented in your 60s and 70s . " Playing games makes your brain bigger Middle-aged people who were avid game-players  think crosswords , checkers , cards  tended to have bigger brains than people who did not play games , according to a recent study that looked at brain scans . "  It 's like looking at someone 's muscle mass , " said Dr. Laurel Coleman of the Maine Medical Center Geriatric Assessment Center . "  It 's bad when it 's smaller , good when it 's bigger . " Researchers looked specifically at certain parts of participants ' brains . The volume among game-players was greater in areas that tend to be damaged by Alzheimer 's disease , suggesting the potential for delaying -- maybe even avoiding -- the disease . People who kept their brains pumped scored higher on tests of their thinking ability . Coleman suggests mixing it up : Try potentially stimulating activities like learning a new language or switching from reading nonfiction to fiction -- anything that poses a cognitive challenge . Exercise benefits the mind too Exercise seems to slow the descent toward dementia as well . Two sets of data from the Mayo Clinic Study of Aging suggest that exercise may positively influence how mild cognitive impairment  a precursor to dementia  and dementia develop . In one group of patients with mild cognitive impairment , exercising seemed to protect against developing dementia . Data on a different group of healthy patients who exercised -- either lightly or vigorously -- showed they were less likely to be diagnosed with cognitive impairment . "  We would never say that these things totally prevent Alzheimer 's , that they will cure you , " said Coleman , a geriatrician . "  But they 're going to help your brain . " A smell test may detect Alzheimer 's In the future , a test of your sense of smell may help doctors predict your risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease . In two separate studies , scientists found that people who were unable to identify certain odors were more likely to experience cognitive impairment . The researchers believe that brain cells crucial to a person 's sense of smell are killed in the early stages of dementia . Researchers say this information could help doctors create a smell test to detect Alzheimer 's earlier . Early detection means early intervention and treatment to slow the progression of the disease . Doctors today can only diagnose Alzheimer 's disease once it has caused significant brain damage . "  In the face of the growing worldwide Alzheimer 's disease epidemic , there is a pressing need for simple , less invasive diagnostic tests that will identify the risk of Alzheimer 's much earlier in the disease process , " Heather Snyder , director of medical and scientific operations for the Alzheimer 's Association , said in a statement . Blood test predicts Alzheimer 's disease 10 warning signs of Alzheimer 's CNN 's Jacque Wilson and Stephanie Smith contributed to this story .	NEW : High blood pressure that starts after age 90 linked to lower risk of dementia NEW : Lifestyle changes , even if started in 60s or 70s , can lower Alzheimer 's risk Studies show games like checkers can boost your brain strength Doctors may use a smell test to detect Alzheimer 's disease
CNN  -- A roadside bomb in southern Afghanistan killed a female Canadian soldier and wounded four other troops , the Canadian military said Tuesday . Trooper Karine Blais , 21 , is the second Canadian female soldier to die in Afghanistan . Trooper Karine Blais was killed Monday when the troops ' armored vehicle struck the bomb . The attack occurred north of Kandahar in the Shah Wali Kowt District of Kandahar province . Blais ' death was the 117th Canadian troop fatality in the Afghan war , and she is the second Canadian female soldier killed in Afghanistan . The first , Capt. Nichola Goddard , was killed in a May 2006 firefight with insurgents in Kandahar province , where Canadian troops have been based during the conflict . Brig. Gen. Jonathan Vance , commander of Canadian troops in Afghanistan , called the 21-year-old Blais "  an energetic soldier who gave 100 percent to every challenge she faced using a unique sense of humor based on her honesty and frankness . " Vance said Blais "  demonstrated the qualities of a future leader " and was "  respected by all members of her squadron . " "  Our thoughts are with the friends and family of our fallen comrade during this difficult time , " the Canadian Forces said in a news release . "  All members of Task Force Kandahar are thinking of the family and friends of our fallen comrades during this sad time . We will not forget their sacrifice as we continue to bring security and hope to the people of Kandahar province . " Blais , from the 12th Canadian Armored Regiment at Valcartier , Quebec , near Quebec City , was serving with the 2nd Battalion , Royal 22th Regiment Battle Group . A chopper evacuated the four other troops to a medical facility at Kandahar airfield . Before Monday 's attack , the last Canadian deaths in Afghanistan occurred March 20 when four soldiers were killed in two roadside bombings .	Female soldier killed , four other troops wounded in roadside bombing Karine Blais , 21 , is second Canadian female soldier killed in Afghanistan There have been 117 Canadian troop deaths in the Afghan war
Fast Company  -- For years , employees at Google have suggested a project near and dear to their nerd hearts : a Google-led science fair . "  It 's come up over and over and over again , " says Cristin Frodella , a senior product marketing manager in education at Google . After all , many a Googler has fond childhood memories of explaining the genius of his or her biology experiment to passersby in a school gym .  Frodella and her best friend trained hamsters to ask for food by ringing a bell . Today those Googlers and budding scientists worldwide should be ecstatic . The company launched Google Science Fair , the first global online science competition . It 's open to full-time students ages 13 to 18 , who are encouraged to use the panoply of Google products to record and share their work . "  We want to let kids use our online tools so they can participate from anywhere in world , " Frodella tells Fast Company . "  They may be home schooled or live in a remote place or not have a physical science fair in their area . " They do , however , need an Internet connection . This is a far cry from your typical local science fair . Google 's competition kicked off this morning at its New York offices with some showy science courtesy of Syyn Labs , the company behind the Rube Goldberg machine for last year 's OK Go viral hit "  This Too Shall Pass . " Syyn 's machine for Google fired a laser , activating a rover that lifted a red curtain draped over the fair 's logo . Then Google brought a riveting cast of scientists on stage to inspire the 100 or so local students in attendance . Google 's partners include National Geographic , CERN , Scientific American , and Lego . Consequently , the judges are not your eighth-grade biology teacher and the football coach who took a freshman chemistry course . They include Vint Cerf , its chief Internet evangelist and one of the fathers of the Web , and National Geographic 's explorer-in-residence , the geneticist Spencer Wells . Cerf gave a brief history of the Internet , telling students that breakthroughs of that magnitude do n't "  just happen . " They require scientists asking questions , forming hypothesis , failing , and then asking more questions . If it seems to students as if all the good stuff has already been discovered , Cerf said , remember that "  95 % of the universe is unknown to us . It 's all Tabula rasa . " Fast Company : Google drops H. 264 William Kamkwamba , a self-taught scientist from Malawi , Africa , talked about the direct impact that science can have , not just on society at large , but on an individual community . From reading a library book , Kamkwamba , the son of a farmer and one of seven kids , learned how to build a wind mill , which powers his family 's house and pumps water in an impoverished area . He taught his neighbors how to build wind mills , too , which have transformed schools and improved conditions in the village . If his poignant story was n't enough to spur the young scientists in the room and those watching the live stream of the event online , then that of Tesca Fitzgerald , a 15-year-old dynamo from Portland , Oregon , most likely did . She began programming computers at age 5 , enrolled in community college at 12 , and last year was recognized for her skills by the National Center for Women and Information Technology . One of Fitzgerald 's experiments , using artificial intelligence to route robots and assist nurses in a local V.A. hospital , serves as the model project on the Google Science Fair site . Fast Company : More technology coverage The goal of the Google Science Fair is n't just to give great prizes , including a trip to the Galapagos Islands and $ 110,000 in scholarships . It 's to foster more interest in science worldwide and to come up with much-needed solutions to local and global problems -- if not now , then eventually . "  We want kids to make a difference in the world , " says Frodella . "  They can be agents of change . " The deadline for submissions is April 4 . In July , 15 finalists will attend the awards ceremony at Google headquarters in Mountain View , California . Visit Google Science Fair to learn more . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Google Science Fair is the first global online science competition Fair open to full-time students ages 13 to 18 Prizes include a trip to the Galapagos Islands and $ 120,000 in scholarships
CNN  -- Think of the Arab souk -- the fabled marketplaces of the Middle East -- and it immediately conjures up images straight from the Arabian Nights : mountains of yellow turmeric , shafts of light through lattices and the air thick with incense smoke . These powerful associations have not been lost on the team from the United Arab Emirates that last month won the bid to host the World Expo 2020 ; exhibitors making the journey to Dubai in seven years will be setting up their pavilions in the biggest souk in history . The 438-hectare site at the Dubai Trade Center , Jebel Ali , will be one of the largest ever developed for a World Expo . Created in an empty desert area between Dubai and Abu Dhabi , the vast zones of the structure -- each one representing the bid themes of sustainability , mobility and opportunity - are inspired by the labyrinthine galleries of the souk . At the core of the site will be an open plaza called Al Wasl -- Arabic for "  the connection " -- to fit with the Expo theme of "  Connecting Minds , Creating the Future . " Certainly in terms of Expo history , Dubai has a tough act to follow . Previous Expos have famously given the world the Eiffel Tower and unveiled products as important as the telephone and as ubiquitous as Heinz Tomato Ketchup For Greg Lindsay , co-author of "  Aerotropolis : The Way We 'll Live Next " , the Expo proximity to the new Al-Maktoum International Airport and Dubai World Central development is especially significant . "  Dubai World Central  is the best organic example of an ` aerotropolis , ' " says Lindsay , whose book puts the case that modern globalized cities such as Dubai are built around , and feed off , airports in much the same way as cities in the 19th century were built around the railways . "  In 1990 , there was nothing really there ... it was the strategy of Emirates and the civil aviation authority to make Dubai the crossroads of the world . "  I do think winning the Expo will be a huge catalyst for its development , " he said . Hub for a new Silk Road What can be said of Dubai World Central also holds for much of Dubai too . A generation ago , it was just a modest regional entrepot . Today its strategic position between East and West has made it one of the world 's key hubs in the globalized economy . According to Afshin Molavi , a global geo-economics specialist and senior advisor at Oxford Analytica , Chinese businesses use Dubai as a hub for Africa , Indian traders use the city to access markets across the world and Western multinationals see Dubai as a hub for the Middle East . "  Dubai sits at the intersection of one of the most transformative moments in geo-economic history in more than a century : the gradual but inexorable shift of the economic center of gravity from the West to emerging markets and the rise of the so-called "  South-South " trade , " Molavi said . "  I would argue that Dubai and the UAE stand at the center of ` The New Silk Road ' of trade between the Middle East and Asia , and also what HSBC calls ` The Southern Silk Road ' linking Latin America , Africa , and Asia in a new world of trade . " Read more : Middle East 's big aviation ambitions By the year 2020 , economists estimate emerging markets will account for roughly half of global GDP , a dramatic leap from just 15 % in the 1980s . In terms of air traffic alone , Dubai 's importance as a hub can not be underestimated . Just four hours ' flight from key cities in both Europe and Asia , there are now more flights from India to Dubai than anywhere else in the world and , in the other directions , more than 300 flights weekly from Dubai to India . Inflating property bubbles ? Despite its position at the center of a region undergoing massive change , the successful Expo bid has raised concerns that Dubai may become a victim of its own success . Regional instability combined with rapid development has led to one of the world 's most volatile property markets . Already a magnet for the super-rich , real estate prices are now underpinned by Syrian , Libyan and Egyptian investors sitting out political troubles at home . According to property analysts , prices have already surged 20 % since last year and rents in some neighborhoods are up by 40 % . Read more : Oxford , Yale or Abu Dhabi ? Dubai estimates its successful Expo 2020 bid will generate US$ 23 billion , or 24 % of the city 's GDP , between 2015 and 2021 . With memories still fresh of the bust in 2008 when property prices were slashed by 50 % and Dubai had to be bailed out by Abu Dhabi to the tune of US$ 10 billion , some fear that another massive correction is on the way . Faris Mansour , director of Mubadala Pramerica Real Estate Investors , told the Cityscape Global conference in Dubai recently that the city should brace for another fall . "  The  investment  capital is temporary and can quickly move out , " Mansour warned . "  And that 's not to say it will fall necessarily as it did before . But it will fall , it will correct and this is something we should all expect to happen and I expect it to happen in the next 18 to 24 months ... as capital becomes more expensive globally . " Despite the dire warning , many believe the Expo -- far from creating a bubble - will underpin property prices for many years to come in a city that recovered from the crisis in 2008 faster than anyone expected . For Molavi , Dubai 's real economic resource lies in its people and its position at the crossroads of the world . "  Dubai might be one of the most hyper-connected places on the planet , " he said . "  You can see it on the streets and in the malls . There are not many places where you can mingle with more than 200 different nationalities . "	Dubai won the bid to host World Expo 2020 Site will be built upon 438 hectares between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Pavilions will be located in a giant , futuristic souk Some question impact Expo will have on property prices and development in the emirate
CNN  -- The iPhone 4 may be an attractive gadget , but keeping it looking good can be a high-maintenance task . Owners of Apple 's newest smartphone are 82 percent more likely than those with older models to have their digital companions damaged in the first four months they own them , according to a report by SquareTrade . The company , which sells warranties for electronics products , examined about 22,000 reports from its customers who had iPhone 4s and about 20,000 for iPhone 3G devices , which debuted in 2008 . "  The iPhone 4 is a more fragile device than its predecessors , " said SquareTrade Marketing Vice President Vince Tseng . "  The surface area ... which you can scratch or break has basically doubled . " Is your iPhone 4 giving you trouble ? Whereas the iPhone 3G and the aesthetically identical 3GS were encased in plastic , the iPhone 4 's backside uses the same glass that covers its screen . The original iPhone had an aluminum back . At least a quarter of the reported damage for the iPhone 4 involved the glass pane on the back , the SquareTrade survey said . But Apple has expressed delight with the so-called aluminosilicate glass it uses -- though the Cupertino , California , company did n't immediately respond to a request for comment for this story . "  We developed a glass that 's 30 times harder than plastic , " Apple Chief Steve Jobs said onstage during the unveiling of the iPhone 4 . The company has also said it 's "  20 times stiffer than plastic . " The glass is "  comparable in strength to sapphire crystal , " Jonathan Ive , Apple 's senior vice president of industrial design , said in an online marketing video . Some reports have indicated that Apple 's use of glass on the iPhone 4 's back has posed a problem for customers using protective cases . When Apple announced it would give away free cases to help customers with cellular signal issues , Jobs said fewer third-party manufacturers offered cases at the product 's launch . If fewer iPhone 4 owners are protecting their devices , then that could explain the increase in damage , said Tseng of SquareTrade . "  Some customers did n't want to use a protective case , " Tseng observed , based on reports , "  because they wanted to admire the beautiful backside of the iPhone 4 . "	The iPhone 4 is 82 percent more likely than older models to be damaged , a report says Apple says the glass it developed for the iPhone 4 is 30 times harder than plastic The higher percentage of damage could be attributed to fewer customers using cases
CNN  -- The driver of a large motor coach that crashed in Oregon late last month , killing nine and injuring 39 , had worked 92 hours in the seven days leading up to the crash , far exceeding the 70 hours allowed , according to the U.S. Department of Transportation , which Tuesday ordered the Canadian bus company to cease operations in the United States . The transportation department said the Vancouver-based company , Mi Joo Tour & Travel Ltd. , poses an "  imminent hazard to public safety " because of its failure to take basic measures to ensure that its drivers are properly rested . In a 10-page order , the department outlines a list of accusations against Mi Joo Tour & Travel involving its conduct before and after the crash . The DOT said the company failed to test the driver for drugs and alcohol after the December 30 crash . It also accused the company of continuing to operate in early 2012 , when it ordered the company to discontinue operations because of its failure to pay fines . Those fines also involved the company 's failure to conduct drug and alcohol tests . Bus company in crash had history of DOT violations The deadly accident happened as one of Mi Joo 's small fleet of buses was returning to Vancouver , British Columbia , from Las Vegas , police said . The bus skidded on ice on Interstate 84 near Pendleton , Oregon , crashed through a guardrail and tumbled down a steep embankment . A CNN check of a DOT website , billed as a convenient way for passengers to check on bus company safety records , did not yield any information on the company 's history of violations . But in response to a Freedom of Information Act request from CNN , the DOT turned over inspection reports showing the company had been cited for 11 violations in 2010 and eight violations in 2011 . The 2010 violations included one "  Acute " violation , which led the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration , an agency within the DOT , to place the company on "  conditional " status . After a 2011 inspection , the motor carrier administration gave Mi Joo a "  satisfactory " rating . During both reviews , the company was ordered to comply with all rules . Other records also show Mi Joo 's operating authority was revoked in 2008 after the motor carrier agency informed the company that it did not have proof of insurance on file . The license was reinstated after two weeks when the company provided proof that it had the required insurance . In its order this week , the administration says it has discovered a "  deterioration in your safety management controls and widespread safety violations that demonstrate a continuing and flagrant general disregard " of the rules . "  Mi Joo does not monitor its drivers ' hours of service to ensure that its drivers do not violate " work-hour restrictions , " the order says . DOT investigators said Mi Joo does not require its drivers to maintain driver logs and supporting documentation . Transportation department officials this week defended its inspections of Mi Joo , saying the FMCSA has a "  robust compliance program , " conducting almost 1,900 compliance reviews in 2012 and more than 100,000 roadside inspections . It said its consumer website contains the most recent compliance reviews and that rules for what is included on the site are vetted during a public review process . "  Do n't risk your life ... by making an uninformed decision , " the department says in one promotion for the site . In news releases and other material , the SAFER website -- for Safety and Fitness Electronic Records -- is promoted as a way for travelers to determine whether bus companies are safe .	U.S. Department of Transportation bans Canadian bus company in fatal crash Driver in crash that killed nine worked 92 hours in seven days , agency says Bus firm Mi Joo Tour & Travel Ltd. has history of violations , records show
CNN  -- What 's a July Fourth celebration without fireworks ? Many cities across the United States will find out Saturday . Milwaukee holds its lakefront show on July 3 , so as not to compete with surrounding communities . As municipalities grope for ways to shore up budgets , expensive pyrotechnics displays are becoming the latest victims of the economic downturn . "  They need to have things in the community like that to keep things going . So I 'm sad to see it going , " said Seth Stolz , of Flint , Michigan , which will go without its traditional July Fourth explosions in the sky this year , according to CNN affiliate WJRT . He was accustomed to watching the show from his home . The Greater Flint Arts Council puts on the show every year , and when the city and county said they could n't afford the $ 40,000 for the Flint Fireworks Festival , it was canceled last month . Private donors tried to save it , but the mayor expressed concerns that safety measures might be overlooked if the event was hastily organized , WJRT reported . Watch how town brings bikinis into the mix " "  Yeah , a very hard decision to make , " Greg Fiedler with the arts council , told the station . In Florida , Miami-Dade County canceled one of its two shows to save about $ 40,000 , CNN affiliate WPLG reported . The Monterey , California , City Council in April also nixed its show and accompanying lawn party to save about $ 150,000 "  Although the 4th of July festivities are a very popular community-wide event , we can not recommend continuation of this costly one-day event during a fiscal downturn , " a city staff report said . In Illinois , CNN affiliate WLS-TV reported that Harvey , Berwyn , Elgin , Gurnee and North Riverside had canceled their shows . Blue Springs , Missouri , a suburb of Kansas City , also 86 ` ed the pyrotechnics to give the city "  some immediate budget relief , " city officials told CNN affiliate KCTV . The American Pyrotechnics Association says that despite the economic challenges , fireworks display companies are working with their clients to make sure the shows go on . Communities are also finding alternative funding or cutting back to make sure the sky rockets light up their July Fourth sky . The nation hosts about 14,000 fireworks shows each Independence Day , according to the association , and the majority of shows will prevail because communities "  realize the importance of continuing this annual tradition of providing their citizens with free entertainment to celebrate our freedom and independence , " Julie Heckman , the group 's director , said in a statement . "  The industry has been tested time after time and each challenge unites the industry , makes it stronger , and ensures that communities do not go dark on Independence Day , " Heckman said . iReport.com : How are you celebrating the Fourth of July ? The Illinois towns of Elmhurst and Wooddale could n't foot their own shows , so they chipped in funds for the show in nearby Bensenville , WLS reported . Evanston , Illinois , had to shorten its show , and North Aurora forewent its own show in favor of bolstering the celebration in neighboring Aurora , CNN affiliate WGN reported . Tucson , Arizona , canceled it 's $ 55,000 fireworks display to save money , but CNN affiliate KGUN reported Friday that private donors stepped in to save the celebration . Joliet , Illinois , almost canceled its 63rd annual skyrocket display because businesses were n't able to send their customary donations . The show had a $ 23,000 price tag , but local businesses could muster only about $ 14,000 , according to WGN . City residents were not content to go without fireworks Saturday . "  It 's a tradition in Joliet . It 's an American tradition . You ca n't give up on that , " said Robert Svarz , who has been attending fireworks shows in Joliet for 50 years , according to WLS . Residents scraped together the remaining $ 9,000 to make sure the city staged its show , which draws thousands to Joliet Memorial Stadium and the surrounding parking lots each year . "  Not only did they send in contributions , but they all sent notes on how important it was to keep this thing alive , " Russ Slinkard , CEO of the Joliet Region Chamber of Commerce , told WLS . Despite Chicago 's budget crisis , a spokeswoman for the mayor 's office told WGN that there will be no cutbacks to the Windy City 's fireworks display . Fireworks also will be part of Milwaukee , Wisconsin 's , celebration , as U.S. Bank has sponsored the hourlong , lakefront show for the past few years . The city holds its show the day before Independence Day to not compete with surrounding communities ' shows . Middletown , Connecticut , also held its celebration early , on Thursday -- but for a different reason . Holding the celebration on Saturday would have meant $ 20,000 in overtime pay for city workers , on top of the $ 65,000 bill for the actual show , Mayor Sebastian Giuliano told CNN affiliate WTNH-TV . Rescheduling the celebration had an added bonus : Businesses that usually close for the holiday were able to cater to the crowd of about 15,000 . At least one community had no problem finding the funds for this year 's festivities . In fact , Olive Branch , Mississippi , more than tripled its budget , according to CNN affiliate WPTY-TV . The town seemed split over the move . While one resident said it would be "  unfair " to deprive the town of the show , another said upping the fireworks budget from $ 10,000 to $ 35,000 seems irresponsible , WPTY reported . So , what about people who do n't live in towns like Olive Branch ? What are their options when their fireworks shows are canceled ? Well , they can always enjoy a show in another town , or -- as Blue Springs Mayor Carson Ross suggested to KCTV -- put on their own show . Watch the safeguards you should take " Blue Springs is one of the few western Missouri towns that allows residents to shoot their own fireworks , and indeed , the American Pyrotechnics Association reported last month that the popularity of backyard fireworks had more than doubled since 2000 . However , those who are n't mindful of the laws in their city could find the economic downturn taking an even greater toll . Milwaukee Alderman Bob Donovan told CNN affiliate WTMJ-TV that the city is serious about stopping backyard fireworks . Because no one respected the ban last year , the city is "  going to hit them in the pocketbook , " he said . The fine for each citation ? $ 676 .	The nation hosts about 14,000 fireworks shows each Independence Day Many shows have been canceled or downsized because of frail city budgets Joliet , Illinois , residents chipped in money to put on show , station reports Mississippi town gets mixed reaction to tripling its fireworks budget , station reports
Tokyo  CNN  -- Efforts to stabilize Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , crippled by a March tsunami which triggered a nuclear crisis , are running ahead of schedule , according to the president of the Tokyo Electric Power Company , which operates the plant . Toshio Nishizawa told CNN Monday he hopes to achieve the second phase of the shutdown before a January deadline . "  I can not promise you , but if things go smoothly with careful control , it is possible to bring the cold shutdown forward , " said Nishizawa . Cold shutdown requires a stable winding down of the operations of the reactors at a temperature under 100 degrees Celsius  212 degrees Fahrenheit  . Cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , were knocked out by the tsunami which followed a massive earthquake March 11 . The disaster triggered the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl , as the cores of reactors 1-3 overheated and spewed huge amounts of radioactive contamination across the surrounding area . In April , Tokyo Electric laid out a six - to nine-month timetable for winding down the crisis and bringing the reactors to a complete shutdown . Engineers are working to restore normal cooling in the three reactors that melted down , as well as working to pump out and decontaminate an estimated 100,000 tons of water that has pooled in the basement and service tunnels of the plants during months of emergency measures . TEPCO 's president said the most difficult issue at present is the radioactive water . "  We just had a typhoon . With the torrential rain , more of polluted water is being produced . We must not leak highly radioactive water outside of our facility . " More than 75,000 residents of the area around the crippled nuclear plant are unable to return to their homes because of high radiation levels . Nishizawa said TEPCO 's top priorities are to restore the nuclear plant and to compensate the victims . The company has set aside more than $ 5 billion to cover victims ' compensation costs , including lost income and mental distress . Japan 's government has said it will provide further funds , creating a state-backed entity to meet the large quantity of anticipated claims . TEPCO has struggled to meet energy demand since Fukushima Daiichi was closed following the disaster . The Japanese government has mandated power-saving measures throughout the summer . Nishizawa said while the company is committed to boosting energy generation from fossil fuels and renewables , the supply will not return to normal without the restart of its nuclear facilities that were not affected by the earthquake . "  I believe restarting the nuclear power plants is necessary to stably supply the energy to our users , " he said . "  We must effort for the restart . It is the most important thing for that is to show the people that Fukushima 's situation is stabilized and the issue has come to the end . This is our responsibility . "	The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant was crippled by the March tsunami A TEPCO official says the second shutdown phase may be achieved before January Large amounts of radioactive water are the most difficult issue , he says
London , England  CNN  -- The head of the union which has called a strike of British Airways cabin crew said Sunday he was appealing to the airline 's board of directors to reopen talks to prevent further stoppages as the industrial action entered its second day . Unite union chief Tony Woodley said in a letter to the 95 percent of 15,000 BA staff he represents that he wanted the board to intervene over the airline 's plans for reorganization to avert a four-day strike on March 27 . His call came as the union claimed heavy disruptions to services during the three-day strike which began midnight Friday , despite BA claims that a better-than-expected turnout by cabin crew had allowed them to offer a good service . "  Today , I will be appealing to British Airways at board level to take matters in hand and restart negotiations to reach an agreement which would allow the strike scheduled for next weekend to be averted and put your airline on the road to recovery , " Woodley wrote . Advice for passengers " I know that is what you all want , and it is what the travelling public expect . " Unite earlier claimed success in halting British Airways services , describing Terminal 5 , the BA hub at London 's Heathrow Airport , as a "  ghost town . " In a statement posted on Twitter on Saturday , the Union added : "  Eighty percent crew are backing the strike -- same number who voted for it . Two thirds of BA 's normal scheduled flights not flown today . " BA said it had managed to reinstate canceled flights to run more than 60 percent of its schedule on the first day of the three-day stoppage as more staff than expected showed up for work . Union rallies were continuing outside Heathrow on Sunday , but BA said it intended to maintain a 60 percent service from the airport and its other main hub at Gatwick , south of London , and was satisfied that contingency measures were working . "  The operation is working very well , in fact we 're doing better than expected , " the airline 's CEO Willie Walsh said in a statement posted Saturday on its Web site . "  We 're carrying all of the customers who we had promised to fly today . So I 'm really pleased the contingency plans have worked , in fact they 've worked better than I thought . " Are you caught up in strike ? British Airways has drafted in an army of volunteers to staff flights and has leased aircraft and crew from other airlines to operated scheduled services . Passengers interviewed by CNN after taking a BA flight from London to Atlanta on Saturday said the journey had been smooth and offered praise for the level of service they received in flight . British Airways and Unite have been at odds for more than a year over changes the airline wants to make to cabin crew pay and work practices . BA says the changes will save the company more than # 60 million  $ 90 million  a year . But Unite has said the plans , which call for longer working hours and a cut in crew staffing levels , will damage customer service and the BA brand . Walsh and Woodley met late into the night Thursday and again Friday , but failed to reach a compromise to avoid the strikes .	Union chief urges BA board of directors to prevent further strike Union says BA hub at London 's Heathrow Airport like a "  ghost town " British Airways says it is running more flights than expected Striking workers oppose BA reorganization they say will mean staff cuts
Washington  CNN  -- A man has been arrested for making threats against Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii , law enforcement officials said Thursday . Anirruddha Sherbow was apprehended by Mexican law enforcement officers in Tijuana on Wednesday . The FBI and U.S. Capitol Police said Sherbow made threats against the Hawaii Democrat this month that were "  deemed credible . " Officials would not describe the nature of any statements allegedly made by Sherbow involving the congresswoman , and court documents remain under seal . According to the Hawaii Reporter , Sherbow , a former resident of Hawaii , sent an e-mail to the FBI threatening to decapitate Gabbard . That report also said Gabbard obtained a three-year restraining order against Sherbow in 2011 . Sherbow is facing a charge of transmission of threats in interstate commerce . Mexican authorities turned Sherbow over to FBI agents in San Diego , where he is expected to have a court appearance on Friday . Gabbard 's press secretary , Heather Fluit , said the congresswoman was "  grateful for the work of the U.S. Capitol Police , FBI and all law enforcement officers involved in this investigation . "	Law enforcement officials say Anirruddha Sherbow threatened Hawaii Democrat Hawaii media report that he allegedly threatened to decapitate Gabbard He was arrested in Mexico and turned over to the FBI in San Diego
CNN  -- A family of four is dead after a man driving the wrong way on an interstate highway in Idaho slammed into them head-on , authorities said . Amado Herrera , 48 , of California , was driving west on Interstate 84 near Glenns Ferry , Idaho , with three passengers when a pickup truck slammed into them Thursday night , Idaho State Police said . Eusebio Jacobo Pineda , 45 , was driving his Ford F-150 the wrong way on the highway shortly before 8:50 p.m. when he hit Herrera 's Nissan four-door , police said . Herrera and his passengers died instantly . Pineda was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries , police said . Others in Herrera 's car were identified as Luz Herrera , age unknown , Ivette Herrera , 18 , and Antoni Herrera , 9 . All are from South El Monte , California . All of the Herreras were wearing seatbelts , police said in a written release . It 's not known whether Pineda wore a safety belt , they said . Pineda 's truck rolled after impact , police said , and local media images showed the entire front end of Herrera 's car crushed . Traffic on Interstate 84 was blocked for about four hours Thursday night . Police told CNN Friday that the crash is still under investigation . No criminal charges had been filed .	A family of four was killed by a wrong-way driver in Idaho on Thursday , police say Eusebio Jacobo Pineda was driving east in the wesbound lane of Interstate 84 , they say State police say everyone in Amado Herrera 's family was wearing seatbelts
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has indefinitely blocked travel for convoys , carrying food and military supplies to U.S. troops in Afghanistan , through a key mountain pass . Armed militants pose next to a captured armored vehicle near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . But in a statement , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan said , "  We do not expect any impact on ISAF 's ability to carry out operations . " The decision to suspend travel through the Khyber Pass in northwest Pakistan was taken due to security concerns , said Gula Jan , a security official in Khyber Agency , on Sunday . The mountain pass links Pakistan to its neighbor , Afghanistan . It is in the Khyber Agency , one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border . Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants there have to be trucked in from Pakistan . Officials said militants aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda have carried several attacks there . The Pakistani central government has little control in the area , and the area is believed to be a haven for militants . On Tuesday , as many as 60 to 70 armed militants launched back-to-back assaults on convoys . The militants seized 13 trucks -- 12 carrying wheat into Afghanistan as part of a World Food Programme convoy , and one transporting Humvees to the U.S.-led coalition , Khyber Agency officials said . Jan said the decision to suspend travel came after local leaders met with representatives of some of the shipping firms . He said trucks will be allowed through the pass once the security situation improves , but did not specify a date . Dozens of trucks idled by the side of roads Sunday in the Khyber Agency and in Peshawar waiting for the green light . In its statement , ISAF said it has "  multiple , robust and complementary lines of support . " It added that for security and geographical reasons , "  the movements of civilian convoys destined for ISAF are coordinated with Pakistani authorities and border crossing points . The current temporary adjustments in convoy movements are as a result of this coordination . " CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO force expects no impact on ability to carry out operations Pakistan suspends convoys into Afghanistan through key mountain pass Route was used to carry food and military supplies to U.S. troops Militants seized U.S. humvees , food aid in ambush earlier this week
CNN  George Zimmerman -- acquitted by a Florida jury over the death of Trayvon Martin -- was arrested in Florida on suspicion of aggravated assault and domestic violence with a weapon , local authorities said . The 31-year-old Florida resident was arrested Friday by police in Lake Mary at about 10 p.m. and booked into the John E. Polk Correctional Facility , according to that facility 's website . That facility , like its website , is run by the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office . It all came about after Zimmerman allegedly threw a wine bottle at a girlfriend , his lawyer Don West told reporters . "  Whatever happened took place several days ago , " said West . "  And , as far as I know , they have not been together for some time , certainly not since then . " Police first learned about it after coming "  in contact with the  alleged  victim at a traffic stop " on Monday , Lake Mary police spokeswoman Bianca Gillett said . When asked about the delay in making the arrest , Gillett said the arresting officer tried to reach Zimmerman on Monday and Tuesday , but could n't , and was off-duty Wednesday and Thursday . It was the officer 's decision not to pass off the case to another officer , Gillett said . The incident is the latest legal run-in for Zimmerman since his acquittal in July 2013 on a murder charge in the death of Martin , a 17-year-old African-American . In fact , it 's his second arrest for alleged domestic violence against a girlfriend -- though Lake Mary police spokeswoman Bianca Gillett said this alleged "  victim is not the same  woman  as in 2013 . " "  It 's clear he has n't been very lucky with the ladies the last few months , " West said of his client . Judge bars contact , orders weapons surrendered Zimmerman appeared Saturday morning before Judge John Galluzo , who decided to bar him from contacting the alleged victim or going into Volusia County . He was also told to surrender any weapons to a relative or third party , but not to stop drinking since the judge said "  there was n't any allegation of abuse of alcohol in the arrest affidavit . " Appearing in court is not new for Zimmerman , who became a national figure in 2012 after spotting Martin in his Sanford , Florida , neighborhood . The two ended up having a confrontation that climaxed with Zimmerman fatally shooting the teenager , who was unarmed . That incident , and authorities ' decision not to immediately charge Zimmerman , spurred large-scale protests . In April of that year , Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder , with an affidavit accusing him of profiling Martin and ignoring a police dispatcher 's request that he wait for police . After a high-profile trial , a jury found Zimmerman not guilty . That made him a free man -- but did not end his issues with the law . No charge after other domestic violence claim About two weeks after the verdict , he was pulled over for speeding in northern Texas . Much bigger troubles came in November 2013 , when Zimmerman was taken into custody at his then-girlfriend 's Apoka , Florida , home after the two allegedly had a heated fight . He was arrested then on aggravated assault and misdemeanor counts of domestic violence battery and criminal mischief , accusations that he denied . He posted $ 9,000 bail days later . But after the girlfriend asked that the issue be dropped , State Attorney Phil Archer announced that prosecutors would not press charges . More recently , in September 2014 , Lake Mary police said that a man claimed that Zimmerman threatened him during a road rage incident . "  I will ... kill you , " Zimmerman allegedly said , according to police . "  Do you know who I am ? " He was not arrested and has not been charged . West said that his client -- who posted $ 5,000 bail later Saturday -- does n't have a full-time job , implying he 's had his struggles since the Martin acquittal . "  It 's been a devastating experience that he 's had that he 's working through , " the lawyer said . " ... I 'm concerned , obviously , as we are here again this morning . " CNN 's Christine Sever and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Zimmerman posts $ 5,000 bail ; he was accused of throwing a bottle at a girlfriend "  He has n't been very lucky with the ladies , " attorney says of Zimmerman He became a national figure after being charged , then acquitted in Trayvon Martin 's death
CNN  -- Thousands took to the streets of Madrid Saturday to protest against a proposed law that would , among other things , impose stiff fines on illegal demonstrations , according to state-run broadcaster TVE . Much of the protest was peaceful , but a small group clashed with riot police and seven people were arrested . Officials said at least 23 people were injured , including 14 police officers . "  The voice of the people is not illegal , " protesters shouted as they were met by 1,250 riot police , TVE reported . Under the proposed law , unauthorized demonstrations in front of the Parliament building carry a fine of up to 30,000 euros  about $ 41,000  , but the measure is likely to pass as conservatives hold the majority in the government . Spain has seen its share of protests since the government imposed austerity measures to comply with European Union demands . Spain 's unemployment is at 26 % , one of the highest jobless rates in Europe	Thousands protest in Madrid against a proposed law that puts restrictions on demonstrations At least 7 people were arrested and 23 injured after clashes broke out , according to state TV Spain has had many protests since passing stiff austerity measures The country 's unemployment rate is 26 %
CNN  -- There are things one has come to expect in New York -- cold winters , sweltering summers , and walking fast through throngs of tourists . Now composting ? As you may have heard , San Francisco set a goal to achieve zero waste by 2020 ; that means sending nothing to the landfill . Thanks to the efforts of our businesses , residents , commuters , schools , city agencies and tourists , our city diverts 80 % of all waste from landfill disposal through source reduction , reuse , and recycling and composting programs . New York 's announcement to require residents to separate food scraps for collection to be composted by 2016 is a laudable and achievable goal . Since the implementation of San Francisco 's mandatory recycling and composting ordinance , composting collection has increased by more than 50 % within three years . We went from collecting 400 tons daily to more than 600 tons daily . A thriving composting and recycling effort in San Francisco has not only been good for the environment , but also good for the economy . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , recycling creates nearly five times as many jobs as sending material to a landfill . A study from the Blue Green Alliance also states that if we increased our recycling rate to 75 % , 2.3 million jobs would be created nationwide . Decreasing the amount of refuse the city is sending to the landfill is also helping San Francisco reduce our carbon footprint . Waste sent to a landfill produces methane , a greenhouse gas that is up to 21 times more potent than carbon dioxide . That 's why Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's decision to begin a composting program this year in New York is music to the ears of those of us in the zero waste movement . Composting has been key to increasing our diversion rate . As New York and other cities roll out their composting collection efforts , there are some lessons learned from the road to zero waste in San Francisco to share . Set a goal : By creating a goal , such as doubling your composting rate , city leaders are able to communicate a vision of success . Our own San Francisco Giants have embraced a zero waste goal , and diverted more than 80 % of stadium discards from the landfill in last fall 's playoff games . Celebrate your incremental successes toward that goal to build momentum . Make composting simple : Conduct outreach to your businesses and residents to determine the steps needed to make composting easy . We found out that providing residents with free kitchen composting pails as well as providing commercial recycling and composting training were two easy ways to get the community engaged and participating . Teach the next generation : Educating young San Franciscans about what goes in the green composting bin has helped not only increase the composting rates in our schools , zero waste education has helped raise awareness about protecting nature and understanding the source of food . Success does not happen overnight . Behavior change is hard business . In San Francisco , when recycling and composting was mandated , we experienced some initial resistance because of the "  ick " factor : the idea that composting could be foul smelling and belongs on a farm , not in a city . Overcoming these misconceptions is as easy as reminding people that compostables have been in your kitchen trash can all along . Now , you are separating out your coffee grounds , food scraps , soiled paper and dead flowers and putting them toward a good cause . In San Francisco our good cause is wine and fresh produce . San Francisco has collected more than a million tons of food scraps , yard trimmings , and other compostable materials and turned it into nutrient rich compost that is in demand by local farmers and wineries in Napa and Sonoma counties . Can New York compost ? Without a doubt . By setting up an easy to use system , investing in teaching New Yorkers what goes in the compost bin and celebrating incremental successes , New York will be well on its way to making composting second nature , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melanie Nutter .	Mayor Bloomberg in New York wants people to compost . Is that even possible ? Melanie Nutter : San Francisco has thriving composting program , goal to send nothing to landfill by 2020 Nutter 's advice to New York : Get people over the ick factor , set goals , teach , make it simple Composting , recycling creates jobs and substantially reduces waste to landfill , she says
CNN  -- The 19-year-old woman whose hospitalization exposed a shocking Austrian incest case is recovering well and wants to see the ocean and a pop concert , her doctors and a family lawyer said Wednesday . Dr. Albert Reiter , who treated Kerstin , is confident Kerstin will make a full recovery in time . She and other children who were held captive for years are slowly adapting to modern life , they said . Kerstin Fritzl , whom doctors placed in an artificial coma after she was admitted to a hospital in April for multiple organ failure , is now well enough to speak , stand and walk with assistance , her doctors said . Doctors said that "  little novelties " such as seeing a cloud go by are now big events for the former captives . Kerstin has said she wants to see the ocean and go to a concert by British singer Robbie Williams , said Dr. Berhold Kepplinger , director of the clinic where the family is living . He described how excited Kerstin was to hear Robbie Williams songs in her hospital room and said she was moving around to the music so much that doctors had to quiet her down . It was then , Kepplinger said , that doctors became confident Kerstin can become fully healthy and develop normally . Her immune system has improved , and she is continuing to have physiotherapy , including strengthening exercises , he said . Watch doctors describe what happened when the teen opened her eyes " The two parts of her family -- those who were locked in a basement , like Kerstin , and those who lived above ground , apparently unaware of the abuse of their mother and siblings -- are getting to know each other again , the doctors and the family 's lawyer said . "  We are so glad that things have turned out so positively so far , " said lawyer Christoph Herbst , who appeared at a news conference at a hotel near Amstetten , west of Vienna , where Kerstin and her family are recovering . Kerstin is the oldest daughter of an incestuous relationship between Elisabeth , 43 , and Elisabeth 's father , Josef Fritzl , 73 , according to police . He is awaiting trial . Police say he confessed to holding Elisabeth captive since 1984 and raping her repeatedly , fathering seven children with her . Six of the children survived . Kerstin fell unconscious in April , and Elisabeth convinced her father that she needed urgent medical attention . Kerstin was admitted to a hospital in Amstetten , where staff grew suspicious and called police , who opened an investigation and uncovered the abuse . Kerstin was suffering from kidney , lung , and liver failure when she arrived at the hospital , said Dr. Albert Reiter , director of the hospital . Doctors were able to turn her health around , but they kept her in a coma with artificial respiration for weeks , he said . Doctors started reducing Kerstin 's medication May 12 , allowing her to emerge from the coma , he said . Three days later , she opened her eyes and smiled at her carers , he said , and doctors were soon able to take the breathing tube from her throat . Her mother was at Kerstin 's bedside regularly , and doctors credited that with helping Kerstin 's health improve . On Sunday , Kerstin finally met with other family members and was able to say hello to them , he said . Kerstin and the rest of the family were also able to move into an apartment at a regional clinic nearby . "  It was a special moment where , walking , we were able to support her and cross the threshold into a new house and into a new life , " Reiter said . Kerstin and two of her brothers , ages 18 and 5 , had spent their entire lives trapped in the cellar with their mother , never seeing daylight . A television was their only contact with the outside world . The other three children Josef Fritzl fathered with Elisabeth were taken as infants to live above ground with Fritzl and his wife , who says she had no idea her daughter was being held captive . In recent weeks , the wife and the three children have had several meetings with Kerstin and the others formerly held in the basement . The doctors said that all are receiving therapy and are getting to know each other . "  It is clear that -LSB- the two sides -RSB- have a different temper of life , " Kepplinger said . "  These different ways of living , the two parts of the family , still have to come to some agreement . " Still , the entire family is "  very happy " to be reunited , Herbst said . "  This is an incredible drawing-near to each other . There is incredible joy among them , " he said . "  It is wonderful to see the way they are living together . " He appealed to the public and the media to give the family privacy . There continues to be "  big ambivalence " about the "  grandfather issue , " as Kepplinger called it , and therapists are helping the family members cope with the complicated relationship they have with each other and with Fritzl , who is now behind bars .	Daughter of Austrian incest victim reunited with family , expected to make full recovery Kerstin Fritzl , 19 , has spent her entire life in cellar The dungeon was uncovered after she was taken to hospital with illness Josef Fritzl , 73 , has allegedly confessed to incestuous relationship with teen 's mom
CNN  -- A health care town hall meeting in Florida on Thursday dissolved into bouts of heckling and violent pushing and shoving among attendees . A Tampa , Florida , health care reform meeting sparks noisy exchanges between attendees . The meeting in Tampa , which featured Democratic Congresswoman Kathy Castor and Florida State Representative Betty Reed , was another example of the tense battle lines that have been created in the passionate health care debate . Hundreds showed for the meeting at the Children 's Board of Hillsborough County , some carrying signs railing against President Obama 's proposed health care reforms . Hundreds more were not able to get into the meeting room . As Castor first began to speak , scuffles broke out as people tried to get into the meeting room . Parts of the congresswoman 's speech was drowned out by chants of "  read the bill , read the bill " and "  tyranny , " video of the meeting showed . Watch protests erupt at meeting " At one point , an event organizer told the crowd , "  If pushing and shoving continues , we will have to clear the room . The police will make the decision if it is still safe . " At times outside the meeting , people tried to drown out pro-Obama chants of "  Yes we can " with chants of "  Just say no . " Democrats have complained about similar demonstrations recently with White House spokesman Robert Gibbs accusing Republican groups of "  manufacturing " public anger . Watch controversy over ` orchestrated ' protests " Liberal groups have also started sending supporters detailed instructions on strategies to counter what they call organized disruptions of congressional health care town hall meetings . Conservative groups critical of Democrats ' overhaul proposals have created their own plans , sending out information such as links to search engines ; lists that relayed the locations of upcoming town halls ; confrontational questions to ask members of Congress and chants and slogans to use in and around the venues . Obama met Thursday with a key group of Democrats and Republicans at the heart of Senate negotiations . The president huddled behind closed doors at the White House with the so-called "  Gang of Six , " three Democrats and three Republicans working to find middle ground on the issue .	Scuffles , shouting mar health care town hall meeting in Florida Members of crowd shout "  tyranny " during discussion of proposed health care reform Some Democrats claim conservative groups are "  manufacturing " public anger Conservatives admit suggesting confrontational questions to ask lawmakers
CNN  -- Members of the nation 's oldest black sorority have accused the organization 's president of using her sorority credit card for personal items and its board of directors of spending too much on her . Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority President Barbara McKinzie denies the claims in the lawsuit against her . The suit alleges that the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority 's board of directors signed off on spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on President Barbara McKinzie and commissioned an expensive wax figure of her . McKinzie denied the allegations , saying they are "  without merit . " The most "  outlandish representation " in the lawsuit , she said , is the allegation that the sorority spent $ 900,000 on a wax figure of her . Two wax figures -- one of McKinzie and one of the sorority 's first president , the late Nellie Quander -- were purchased by the hostess chapters of the sorority 's centennial convention last year , not the national AKA organization , for a total of $ 45,000 , McKinzie said . The lawsuit says the sorority 's board of directors approved the use of $ 900,000 for the wax likeness of McKinzie ahead of the centennial celebration . Edward W. Gray Jr. , an attorney representing the plaintiffs , acknowledged that the sorority disputes the lawsuit 's account of the statue 's price tag . However , he said , "  we have no way of knowing what the actual number was . We hope that it was as little as they say . " He added that $ 45,000 is still a large amount of money , although , "  certainly , it 's a lot better than $ 900,000 . " He called the alleged conduct "  shocking and bordering on illegal . " The wax figures are to appear in the National Great Blacks in Wax museum in Baltimore , Maryland , according to AKA . The museum said they are on a traveling exhibit . The lawsuit , filed last month in a Washington superior court , also accuses McKinzie of using her sorority credit card for "  designer clothing , lingerie , jewelry , gifts and other excessive and inappropriate expenses of a personal nature . " It demands that the sorority fire McKinzie and the board of directors and that the alleged damages be repaid . The lawsuit says that by using her credit card for personal purchases , as well as for "  properly reimbursed expenditures , " McKinzie amassed American Express points , which she then redeemed for a 46-inch television and gym equipment . It also says that the sorority 's board of directors had agreed on compensation for McKinzie without the approval of the sorority 's policy-making body . The compensation , it says , included a $ 4,000-a-month stipend that McKinzie is to receive for four years after she leaves office . The board of directors also voted to buy a $ 1 million life insurance policy for McKinzie , a purchase that was also not approved by the policy-making body , the lawsuit says . McKinzie denied the accusations . "  Allegations about personal use of AKA funds are false and unsupported by the organization 's audited books , " she said . The "  malicious allegations leveled against AKA by former leaders are based on mischaracterizations and fabrications not befitting our ideals of sisterhood , ethics and service . " The lawsuit also blames McKinzie and Betty James , the executive director for the organization 's corporate office , for financial decisions they made for the sorority . The sorority 's claimed deductions on its federal tax returns in 2006 and 2007 were "  unreasonably large and inappropriate , thus exposing the sorority to potential IRS claims and obligations , " the suit says . Furthermore , the sorority 's policy-making body has not approved McKinzie 's investment philosophy , which "  has caused the shifting of several million dollars of the sorority and foundation funds from cash and cash equivalents to stock and bond investments . " McKinzie said in her statement that under her leadership , "  accounting and budgetary practices have been tightened , erasing past IRS liabilities and cost overruns . " In addition to McKinzie , James and the sorority , the lawsuit names other members of the board of directors and the AKA Educational Advancement Foundation Inc. as defendants . AKA was founded in 1908 and is based in Chicago , Illinois . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Alpha Kappa Alpha members say board OK 'd $ 900,000 for wax figure of president She is accused of using sorority credit card for "  inappropriate expenses " President of U.S. 's oldest black sorority denies "  malicious allegations "
CNN  -- The United States clinched the first gold medal of Sochi 's Winter Olympics Saturday , but the Dutch dominated on ice and a joint record was claimed by Norway . An upset opened the day 's events in Russia when Team U.S.A 's Sage Kotsenburg , 20 , scooped the first gold in men 's snowboard slopestyle . Kotsenburg tweeted his surprise at the win . Kotsenburg 's winning score of 93.5 edged out silver medal winner Staale Sandbech , 20 , while Canadian Mark McMorris , also 20 , took bronze . American Shaun White , the biggest name in snowboarding , withdrew from the competition before it began to focus on the men 's halfpipe next week . The double Olympic champion , who had been nursing a wrist injury , withdrew Wednesday just a day after admitting the course presented an "  intimidating " challenge . Saturday 's second gold was taken by Norway 's Marit Bjoergen in the women 's skiathlon . The 15km course is split between a classic style for the first 7.5 km , then a final leg in freestyle . BLOG : Day one as it happened Bjoergen , a star of the 2010 Vancouver games , is expected to be a dominant force in the Sochi Winter Olympics . Defending Olympic champion Sven Kramer of Netherlands then took gold in 5,000 meter speed skating , smashing the previous record . Compatriots Jan Blokhuijsen and Jorrit Bergsma came second and third . The day 's fourth gold went to Ole Einar Bjoerndalen of Norway , in the biathlon men 's 10km sprint . His efforts made him the joint most decorated Winter Olympian of all time , with compatriot Bjorn Dahlie . Dominik Landertinger of Austria took silver while Jaroslav Soukup from the Czech Republic got the bronze . In the final event of the first day , Canadian sisters Justine Dufour-Lapointe and Chloe Dufour-Lapointe claimed the gold and silver in the women 's moguls . Defending champion Hannah Kearney from the U.S. had to settle for the bronze . The Olympics kicked off with much fanfare at the opening ceremony Friday . Billed as the most expensive Olympic Games in history , the opening ceremony kicked off with lights , floats and flying performers as the world turned its attention to Russia . Despite anxiety about terror strikes , controversy over gay rights and ridicule for poor preparations , the nation 's officials have maintained that the sites in Sochi are secure . It will be "  the safest place on Earth during the Olympics , " said Dmitry Chernyshenko , head of the Games .	US . snowboarder Sage Kotsenburg wins first gold at Sochi in slopestyle event Sven Kramer of Netherlands successfully defends 5,000-meter speed skating title Ole Einar Bjoerndalen equals all-time Winter Games medal haul with gold in men 's 10km biathlon Norwegian equals compatriot Bjorn Dahlie 's total of 12 medals
CNN  -- A 24-year-old who was stabbed to death in South Africa is the victim of "  corrective rape , " gay rights activists said Thursday , a crime where men attack lesbians in an attempt to reverse their sexual orientation . Noxolo Nogwaza was attacked late last month after dropping off her girlfriend in Kwa-Thema township near Johannesburg . She was raped , stabbed with broken glass several times and her face pummelled with rocks , Human Rights Watch said . "  A beer bottle , a large rock and used condoms were found on and near her body , " the rights group said . Earlier this week , the nation 's Justice Ministry set up a task force to address hate crimes against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender South Africans . The task team was set up after activists worldwide signed an online petition demanding the South African government act to halt the attacks . The call to petition intensified after Nogwaza 's killing . Police in Gauteng province , where the township is located , said they have not found any evidence of a hate crime and an investigation is under way . But some gay rights activists disagree . "  Her attack is a case of corrective rape , " said gay rights activist Lydia Kunu . "  Neighbors said they heard her attackers telling her , ` We will take the lesbian out of you . ' They were mocking her and asking her why she acts like a man . " Kunu is a community networking organizer for Ekurhuleni Pride Organizing Committee , where Nogwaza worked as well . The death has sparked renewed calls for action as rights groups warn of escalated homophobic attacks . "  In these cases , killing is the end of the spectrum , " said Siphokazi Mthathi , the South Africa director for Human Rights Watch . "  It follows a trail of other problems -- rape , violence , problem accessing health care and violation by police . " Mthathi said it is hard to get an overall number of the people subjected to violence because attacks go unreported over the distrust for the judicial system . "  There 's a great deal of under-representation because they are going to face secondary victimization , " she said . "  We 've heard of cases where when they report a rape , the police tell them , ` are n't you happy that you got a real man for a change . ' " The use of the term "  corrective rape " started three years ago after the rape and murder of Eudy Simelane , a well-known soccer player who lived openly as a lesbian . Nogwaza 's attack is similar to the soccer player 's in some ways : police say they were both raped and stabbed to death . And just like Nogwaza , Simelane 's body was dumped in a public place in the same township . Two men were found guilty in the soccer star 's death and sentenced to prison terms , but the judges quashed any motions linking her attack to her sexual orientation . "  Nogwaza 's death is the latest in a long series of sadistic crimes against lesbians , gay men , and transgender people in South Africa , " said Dipika Nath , researcher in the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights program at Human Rights Watch . "  Police and other South African officials fail to acknowledge that members of the LGBT community are raped , beaten and killed simply because of how they look or identify , and they are attacked by men who then walk freely , boasting of their exploits , " said Nath . A police spokesman slammed the accusations , and said authorities are working to ensure safety for all . "  It is our responsibility to provide safety , and we take that job seriously , " said Col. Tshisikhawe Ndou , the provincial spokesman for Gauteng . The spokesman said there have been no arrests in Nogwaza 's killing , but investigations are under way . "  We 're following some leads , and in this specific case , we 'd like to ask anyone with information to contact the police , " he said . "  They can even do so anonymously if they are scared . " Outspoken gay rights activists have faced harassment and attacks in the nation , Human Rights Watch said . Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , based on rules left over from the British colonial era when sodomy laws were introduced . However , the post-apartheid constitution bans prejudice against gays in South Africa , the first African nation to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation . Despite the law , attacks based on sexual orientation are still going on , rights groups said . The new task force is scheduled to start working in July . It will address issues such as whether police and social workers should undergo sensitivity training , and whether rapists who target sexual minorities should get harsher sentences . Mthathi said having the anti-prejudicial constitution in place is an indicator that the task force alone wo n't resolve underlying problems . "  South Africa is a very misogynist and homophobic society , " she said . "  We welcome the task team , but it wo n't solve social problems . We need to address the culture of accountability in judicial and social institutions , we need to address the attitudes ... disrupt the culture of impunity . "	She is attacked after dropping off her girlfriend in a township near Johannesburg She is raped , stabbed with broken glass several times and hit with rocks , group says South Africa sets up a task force to address hate crimes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's no secret that the music industry has not made an ideal transition into the digital era . Is the iPod , iTunes and independent Web promotion the future of music ? Or can record labels fight back ? Album sales are falling , P2P file sharing is rife , and a plethora of new artists are using the Internet as a platform for gaining international exposure . With the introduction of MySpace Music , three major record labels -- Sony BMG , Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group -- are hoping to launch a counter-strike to the technological developments and online activities that have rocked their industry . But , how far can the record labels go towards getting back those good old days where they were uncontested as they reaped the lion 's share of profits from the music industry ? Experts CNN spoke to for a Just Imagine article had contrasting views on what the coming years hold for the industry . Long-time music industry figure Bob Lefsetz was critical of the new venture . "  Radio on demand , in one 's home , in front of the computer , which is what MySpace actually is , is not a sexy alternative to owning what you want and taking it to the beach , to the party , to your workout , " he said , comparing it with Apple 's iTunes and iPod . Lefsetz feels the record labels have to face serious decline , unless they can come up with a new business model . Well-known music artists ' rights advocate , educator and industry commentator , Moses Avalon , was more positive about MySpace Music 's hopes and the future of the record label industry . Music industry lecturer Andrew Dubber , meanwhile , believed the future would be characterized by change , and that there is no set model for the future of the recording industry . Now , we want to know what you think . Give us your views on the future of the music industry . Do you have a business model you think the record labels should adopt to build a strong future ? Or , do you think the industry has no future at all ? Do you think Web sites like tunecore.com , rawrip.com and sellaband.com hold the power now ? Post your comments in the Sound Off box below . We 'll publish the best .	We take a look at the future of the music industry as record sales decline Will MySpace music venture between major labels save the industry ? What do you think ? Post your views and we 'll publish the best .
New York  CNN  -- Facebook users now have two more ways to describe their romantic arrangements . In a gesture of inclusiveness aimed at the gay community , Facebook on Thursday added "  In a civil union " and "  In a domestic partnership " to its official list of relationship statuses . Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment , but a gay rights group , which announced the change , cheered it . "  By acknowledging the relationships of countless loving and committed same-sex couples in the U.S. and abroad , Facebook has set a new standard of inclusion for social media , " Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation president Jarrett Barrios wrote in a statement . Barrios said that GLAAD and several other gay-rights groups met with the company to push for the change . The option is now available for Facebook users in the U.S. , Canada , the United Kingdom , France and Australia , the group said .	Facebook has added "  In a civil union " and "  In a domestic partnership " to its list "  Facebook has set a new standard of inclusion , " GLAAD says Several gay-rights groups met with the company to push for the change , GLAAD says
CNN  -- From the moment I stepped onto the tarmac in New Delhi two weeks ago , I was struck yet again by the sheer breadth of India 's diversity -- ethnic , religious , cultural , geographic . It is what makes India a remarkable country , home to the world 's largest democracy . Earlier this year , some 550 million citizens went to the polls to cast their vote , in the largest election the world has ever seen . As Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits Washington , D.C. , for the first time as the leader of India , he will bring with him the aspirations and concerns of 1.2 billion people . The task before him and President Obama will be to reaffirm the strategic partnership between our two nations -- a partnership that relies not only on government ties but also on steadily expanding relations between our business communities , civil society groups and cultural institutions . The U.S. and India form what President Obama has called the "  defining partnership of the 21st century . " But this partnership can only reach its full potential if it is given the kind of attention and commitment it deserves . So what tone will President Obama set when he first sits down with the new Prime Minister ? I will venture to suggest a few key points : For the sake of peace and prosperity not only in Asia but also globally , India and the U.S. must work together across a range of economic , political , environmental , and security issues . We must recognize , however , that we will not always agree on every issue . That is the nature of a deep and close bilateral relationship . Indeed , over the past year , there have been bouts of distrust , uncertainty and perceived drift , but I am convinced that both leaders have every intention of establishing a positive tone during Mr. Modi 's visit . Over the past decade , the two countries have made rapid strides towards strengthening the relationship without headline-grabbing developments  the exception being the 2008 civil nuclear cooperation agreement  . This is not a bad thing . Significant progress has resulted from "  small " steps in people-to-people exchanges , scientific collaboration , and educational exchanges that have accreted over time . For a first meeting between leaders of two great , and often noisy , democracies , it will be important for both sides to engage in the mutual setting of expectations . Mr. Modi comes to office with a set of ambitious plans for India In an era of considerable turmoil in various regions of the world , India can be a major force for stability . Democratic states with a well-established rule of law and adherence to international norms , as President Obama recently invoked before the U.N. General Assembly , are the best guarantors of regional stability and prosperity . President Obama 's rebalance to Asia does not come at the expense of trans-Atlantic relations  more important than ever in light of current events on the eastern border of NATO  . Similarly , we should welcome the Prime Minister 's engagement with traditional U.S. allies in Asia , including South Korea , Japan and Australia , and emerging partners such as Vietnam , as part of his "  look east and act east " policy . As President Obama underscored this past week at the U.N. , the world faces a stark threat in ISIL and must come together to counter extremism wherever it takes root . Mr. Modi 's visit to the 9/11 Memorial on Saturday reflects the shared suffering of our two countries at the hands of terrorists . Since the devastating Mumbai attacks of 2008 , our cooperation against terror has grown exponentially . Washington should continue to expand its information sharing and other counterterrorism exchanges with India . The President should also encourage the negotiation of a new Defense Framework Agreement with India , to replace one that is expiring in 2015 . Our defense cooperation is increasingly robust , featuring major naval exercises , military exchanges and high-level consultations . These should continue , as should the trend of Washington permitting higher levels of sensitive technology to be released to Indian defense forces . Domestically , Mr. Modi 's biggest challenge is returning India to the level of economic growth that is necessary to provide opportunity for the nation 's fast-growing , youthful workforce . An important part of this effort will require a focus on improving the trade and investment climate , for example , by following through on India 's commitments to the World Trade Organization . He has been very clear that he wants to expand the Indian economy by improving trade numbers and attracting more foreign investment . And , with his "  Make in India " campaign officially launched just days before his U.S. trip , he has already signaled his commitment to turn India into a global manufacturing hub -- including by addressing the daunting regulatory challenges that investors , both foreign and domestic , face . This is an encouraging sign . India and the United States share the objective to build a strong manufacturing base and create jobs . This should be an area of cooperation between our countries , not a point of conflict . Both India and the United States must commit to rebuilding mutual trust and focus on moving our partnership forward . The world has too much to gain for these two great democracies to do otherwise .	Madeleine Albright : Visit of India PM Modi a chance for he and Obama to reaffirm trust They must tackle political , environmental , economic , security issues ; wo n't always agree She says India can be force for stability amid regional turmoil ; shows solidarity against terror Albright : India , U.S. should cooperate , build partnership for economic growth
CNN  -- In a world of mass-marketed gadgets designed to be trashed and replaced after a few years , is there room for the Egg-Bot , a machine that lets you design and draw images on ... you guessed it ... eggs ? Or how about the DODOcase , a hand-crafted cover for the iPad and other tablets that can be personalized to look like your favorite book ? Dominic Muren thinks so . That 's why he started The Humblefactory . Located in Seattle , Washington , Humblefactory aims to develop and design tools that help "  makers " around the world build items that more mainstream manufacturers ca n't ... or wo n't . From designing actual tools to researching the best ways to create small manufacturing businesses in urban areas , The Humblefactory is designed to spur a movement that , in itself , was spurred by modern business practices . Muren says that , even with history 's largest range of mass-produced products available on the market , they 're just that -- mass produced . Consumers , he says , actually have a harder time finding products that suit their personal wants and needs . Enter the "  makers . " Inspired in part by do-it-yourself Bible "  Make " magazine and the book , "  Makers , " that spun off from it , "  makers , " Muren says , are an emerging subculture of designers and engineers inspired to create with individual interests , not mass-market appeal , in mind . "  In the U.S. and Europe , people are starting to realize that there 's this opportunity to make again , " Muren said . "  I think in the rest of the world , they 're kind of like ` Well , is n't it funny you all call this ` making . ' We 've been doing this forever . That 's one of the things that 's exciting to me is the meeting of those two places . " At last Fall 's PopTech conference in Camden , Maine , he talked up some of the products that have been created with the help of Humblefactory , and other creations from the "  maker movement " including the aforementioned Egg-Bot . "  They sell , actually , quite a lot of them , " he said . "  Imagine trying to buy one of these at Best Buy . Probably not going to happen . " Or the DODOcase , which he says single-handedly saved a 50-year-old book-binding company in San Francisco and allowed them to add 10 new jobs during the height of the recession . The maker movement he aims to support , Muren says , is n't just about making new products available . In many cases , he says , it 's the creator , not the consumer , who gets the most satisfaction . "  I think that 's the fundamental thing behind the wonder in the maker movement , " he said . "  This idea that , ` Wow ... the difference between nothing and something was me . ' " CNN 's John Sutter and Brandon Ancil contributed to this report .	Seattle factory aims to help do-it-yourself "  makers " create goods The Humblefactory provides tools to small manufacturers "  Makers " create what traditional manufacturers ca n't , or wo n't , make
CNN  -- When administrators at White Pass Jr. . Sr. . High School in Randle , Washington , asked students to dress up as their favorite celebrities for Spirit Week , Mason Mudge and Chandler Krueger did just that . Mudge came as Miss America . And Krueger dressed up as Nicki Minaj . But Principal Gary Stamper reportedly was n't feeling their school spirit . According to CNN affiliate KING5 News , Stamper told the boys to change -- or go home . "  If they really wanted Spirit Week , then why punish somebody for being spirited and all that ? " Krueger asks . The 10th-graders refused to switch clothing and left school . The next day , many of their classmates skipped American Pride Day and instead came to school dressed as the opposite sex in protest of what had happened . Superintendent Chuck Wyborney told KING5 News that things should have been handled differently with Krueger and Mudge . None of the students on the second day were asked to change . "  I think it 's really awesome that all the kids support me and support the decisions that I made , " Mudge said . More schools around the country are adopting acceptance policies in support of transgender children and children who do n't conform to gender norms . Wyborney told KING5 News that this was a learning opportunity for both students and staff .	Two male students dressed as Miss America and Nicki Minaj for Spirit Week Principal told them to go change or go home Superintendent says the situation should have been handled differently
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan officially declared Saturday that he will run in the 2011 elections , lauding his achievements in reforming the oil , banking and electricity sectors . "  I have decided to humbly offer myself as a candidate in the presidential primaries of our party the great PDP  People 's Democratic Party  , " he said . Jonathan 's official declaration comes three days after he informally announced on Facebook that he intended to run in the primaries , which will be held between October 18 and 20 , according PDP spokesman Rufai Alkali . "  In presenting myself for service , I make no pretense that I have a magic wand that will solve all of Nigeria 's problems or that I am the most intelligent Nigerian , " Jonathan wrote on his Facebook page Wednesday . He took a more confident stance Saturday , announcing that under his presidency , all petrol refineries are now working , the banking sector has been reformed , electricity has been stablized and steps have been taken to fix roads , water , education and food production . He also said he has set in progress free and fair elections . Jonathan 's eligibility was in question until last month , when the People 's Democratic Party said he could run in an open race with other candidates next year . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must shift to different regions and ethnic groups every eight years . Jonathan -- who is from the Niger Delta , in the south -- was part of the joint ticket of the late President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who was from the north . Yar ` Adua 's death in May , after a long illness , upset the order of the zoning . Yar ` Adua was elected in 2007 and his southern replacement threatened to halt the north 's turn at holding power . On Friday , four main contenders from the north announced they will put forth a single candidate to challenge Jonathan . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	President Goodluck Jonathan will run in next month 's primaries He lauds achievements made under his leadership A bloc of politicians from the country 's north plan to challenge Jonathan
CNN  -- A team of scientists has agreed that a giant asteroid killed off dinosaurs and a majority of other species on Earth more than 65 million years ago . The researchers analyzed evidence and agreed that it supports a single-impact theory first proposed 30 years ago on the cause of the mass extinction . Since 1980 , scientists have gathered an overwhelming amount of evidence that shows a single asteroid about 6 miles in diameter , traveling at around 43,000 mph , slammed into the Gulf of Mexico , said Richard Norris , a paleoceanographer at the University of California San Diego . The impact caused a crater 24 miles deep and 125 miles wide , according to Norris , who was part of the research team . The crater was discovered in 1991 in Chicxulub , Mexico , on the Yucatan Peninsula , said scientists who called it the "  smoking gun " that backed up the asteroid theory . Norris compared the asteroid 's impact with a blast from 100 million megatons of TNT . "  It 's basically more powerful than all the atomic weapons on the planet going off all at once , " he said . The researchers wanted to settle disputes about what killed off the dinosaurs . Some theories have argued that it would have taken many meteorites to cause such a cataclysmic event . Another rival theory suggested that the mass extinction was a result of a massive volcanic eruption in India that took place around the same time as the impact . However , evidence now shows that one monster impact caused the ecological catastrophe , Norris said . Data at the crater 's location showed rock with concentrations of iridium and platinum , which are characteristic of the chemical fingerprints of the asteroid , Norris said . Norris speculates it took about 15 million years before the planet and surviving species started recovering from the impact that also destroyed 70 percent of other species . "  It 's believed that the impact actually blew down the forests over most of North America from the pressure wave associated with the explosion , " Norris said . "  Then there was this fireball that came after that that fried a lot of vegetation and basically cleaned off the landscape over most of North America . " Scientists say the impact also caused a huge earthquake . It "  jiggled loose a lot of sediment on the eastern seaboard , " Norris said . The conclusion was published in the journal Science on Friday .	Scientists say a single asteroid about 6 miles in diameter slammed into the Gulf of Mexico Impact was "  more powerful than all the atomic weapons on the planet going off all at once " Took planet millions of years to recover from cataclysmic event
CNN  -- James Traficant Jr. , who railed against government agencies while serving as a wild-haired , maverick congressman from Ohio , died Saturday after being critically injured in a tractor accident on his farm . Traficant was 73 . Family attorney Heidi Hanni told CNN that Traficant passed away at 11:30 a.m. He 'd been riding a small 1943 tractor on Tuesday at his farm in Greenford , Ohio , when he lost control , causing the tractor to roll over him , local police said . He died at St. Elizabeth Health Center , the Youngstown Vindicator reported . Traficant was a Democrat who represented Ohio 's 17th Congressional District from 1985 to 2002 . With a penchant for colorful , sometimes crude language , Traficant made a name for himself in Washington long before being convicted on federal corruption charges , a courtroom defeat that led to his expulsion from Congress because of ethics violations tied to it . "  There are no ethics in politics , " he declared at his ethics hearing . "  And there should be no ethics committee . It is dog eat dog . Castrate your opponent . " Such comments made him a favorite of reporters in Washington , where he was willing to offer his opinion on just about any topic . ` Beam me up ! ' He was equally famous in Washington for his hair . The Washington Post obit noted : "  Reporters outdid themselves in trying to describe Mr. Traficant 's pompadour -- and to determine whether it was real . In the words of the Los Angeles Times , it was a ` Planet of the Apes sort of hair helmet , ' or as Washingtonian magazine put it , ' a creature from Lake Erie before it was cleaned up . ' " But it turned out Traficant wore a toupee . This was discovered in 2002 when he was booked into a jail in Akron , Ohio , before being sent to federal prison , and authorities searched for "  contraband or weapons , " according to a CNN story . A jail official said it was a small hairpiece and did n't fully cover Traficant 's head . Traficant made flamboyant and animated House speeches , which often ended with his trademark , "  Beam me up ! " A former football player at the University of Pittsburgh , Traficant went on to play the role of hometown hero after graduation , serving as a drug counselor and Mahoning County , Ohio , sheriff . While sheriff , Traficant was tried on bribery charges in 1983 . Acting as his own lawyer , he persuaded a jury to acquit him , saying he was conducting his own sting operation . He was elected to Congress in 1984 . In Washington , he barreled through the House in rumpled sports coats and loud shirts . Traficant fashioned himself as a maverick populist , spending much of his career railing against foreign aid and various government agencies , including the Internal Revenue Service and the CIA . "  Lying , thieving , stealing nincompoops " is how he once described the latter . Convicted of bribery charges In April 2002 , Traficant was convicted on 10 charges of bribery , racketeering and tax evasion . Although not a lawyer , Traficant again represented himself . He was expelled from the House later that year by a 420-1 vote , becoming only the second congressman expelled since the Civil War . He took up painting as a hobby while he served his sentence from 2002 to 2009 . Months after his release from prison , Traficant filed for office as an independent but lost his bid to regain his old seat to sitting Rep. Tim Ryan , a Democrat . A few days before his expulsion from Congress , Traficant told CNN , "  I 'm a son of a truck driver . Forget this Congress business , I 'm a regular guy . " People we 've lost in 2014 Parts of this story came from a 2002 CNN profile of James Traficant Jr. .	Former Ohio Rep. James Traficant dies at 73 He had been in critical condition following a farm accident Traficant was known for his hair and ending speeches with "  Beam me up ! " He was expelled from Congress after being convicted of bribery
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Oversized military trucks painted in desert beige hauled tanks in the same camouflage color down a dark highway late Saturday past glowing billboards in the Saudi Arabian town of Jazan . With the border with Yemen little more than 20 miles away , the trucks captured on a video distributed by the news agency Reuters also carried a message : Suggestions of a ground incursion into Yemen , which is in the throes of a Houthi rebel uprising , may be more than just talk . Saudi Arabia and Egypt have both spoken about the possibility of putting boots on the ground before . And on Saturday , Yemeni Foreign Minister Riyadh Yaseen said he expected coalition troops to be in Yemen within days . Saudi leaders have said that if troops do go in , they wo n't leave until they have degraded the Houthis ' ability to do battle , CNN 's Ian Lee reported . The Houthis are apt guerrillas . A fight on the ground could prove bloody and lengthy . Politically , the situation appears to be heating up . Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh , the son of former Yemen President Ali Abdullah Saleh , has been removed from his post as ambassador to United Arab Emirates , according to two aides of the nation 's current President , Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . Hadi fled the country in February amid the Houthi uprising . He went to Aden and declared that he remained the country 's leader . Also on Sunday , pro-Hadi fighters took over Aden 's airport , according to security officials in Aden , but that airport has n't been operational for weeks . Yemen 's ex-president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , a Shiite , still holds influence over large parts of the Yemeni army , and his troops are also fighting the government . In a taped speech played on Yemen Today TV on Friday , he called for the airstrikes to stop and offered in return not to run for president in the next elections . The Saudi-led coalition fighting the Shiite Houthis , who deposed the Yemeni government and seized territory in a series of offensives , began its military action last week . It answered Hadi 's call for intervention with an unrelenting air campaign called "  Decisive Storm . " Hadi slipped out of Yemen last week and has gone to the resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh , Egypt , to attend the Arab League summit , where he is rallying support with leaders of member nations for operation Determination Storm . Support is already broad . The coalition nations participating in the bombardments make up about a third of the league 's membership . On Saturday , Hadi called the Houthis out : "  You violated the sovereignty  of Yemen  , and you bear the responsibility for what happened and what is going to happen . " Dozens have died from the coalition bombardment . Houthi commanders put the death toll at 48 . Most of the dead are civilians , they said . Airstrikes have hit Houthi militant groups , smashed their big air defense guns and crumbled key infrastructure that links major towns with the capital , Sanaa , a Saudi official has said . The coalition has destroyed Yemeni army weapons caches and military facilities . Saudi naval special forces have also rescued dozens of diplomats , the official said . And many U.N. representatives have fled the unrest . Saudi Arabia has set up a blockade , effectively cutting off Houthi supply lines , and its air force controls Yemeni airspace . They have threatened to attack ships that might supply the rebels . The Shiite Houthis are allied with Iran , a majority Shiite nation . Saudi Arabia has accused Iran of beefing up the Houthis ' weaponry for their offensive . Hadi denounced them on Saturday as Iran 's "  puppet . " "  I say to the puppet of Iran , and those who are with him , you destroyed Yemen with your immature politics , and creating internal and regional crisis , " he said . The conflict splits the region along religious lines . Determination Storm 's coalition comprises the majority Sunni nations of Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , Bahrain , Qatar , Jordan , Morocco , Egypt and Sudan . On Saturday , Houthis claimed to have shot down a Sudanese jet and captured the pilot . They distributed photos of a pilot and wreckage to back up the claim . Iran and Saudi Arabia are bitter rivals . Having Yemen become an Iranian satellite country on its border would be unacceptable to the kingdom . Iran has sharply denounced the Saudi-dominated armed intervention . And two Arab League members , Lebanon and Iraq , have voiced opposition to Determination Storm , Lee reported . Both countries are majority Shiite . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pointed to Yemen on Sunday to criticize nuclear negotiations between Iran and the P5 +1 group of nations . He accused Iran of trying to use the conflict in Yemen to "  take over the whole Middle East . " The United States voiced approval of the airstrikes . It 's supporting them logistically and aiding coalition forces in locating targets , but it is not participating in active battle . The unrest in Yemen led to the withdrawal of U.S. special forces earlier this month , seriously undermining counterterrorism efforts in a country that has been a stronghold for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . For years , Yemen had allowed U.S. drones and special operations forces to stalk AQAP in the country . Now , that arrangement is in tatters . On Saturday , the coalition struck al Anad Airbase , which was used as the headquarters for U.S. counterterrorism operations , Houthi commanders said . Houthi rebels had taken control of the base . Houthi rebels and the government began doing battle in 2004 , but arrived at a ceasefire in 2010 , according to the CIA World Factbook . The country has seen much unrest in the wake of the Arab Spring uprising . Arab Spring was n't supposed to turn out like this Yemen was plunged into chaos when the Houthi rebels , who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country , began seizing control of the capital and other areas of the country last fall . Houthis moved into Sanaa in September , sparking battles that killed a few hundred people before a ceasefire was called . In January , they surrounded the presidential palace and Hadi resigned and was put under house arrest . In February the Houthis took control of military forces stationed near Sanaa , including the air force . But the chaos is not limited to the Houthi uprising . In the area of the southern port city of Aden , opposing Yemeni military forces -- those allied with the Houthis , and those supporting Hadi -- have fought for more than a week . CORRECTION : Pakistan is not participating in airstrikes over Yemen , the Pakistani embassy in Washington said . CNN previously included Pakistan in an illustration of coalition member countries participating the operation Determination Storm . The illustration said the country was contributing 15 jets . That illustration has since been updated . Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa ; CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	Son of former president removed from post as ambassador to United Arab Emirates Reuters video shows trucks carrying tanks in Saudi Arabia near Yemen border Yemen 's foreign minister says he expects coalition troops to arrive within days
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Council has joined governments of at least five other major U.S. cities and one state in passing legislation requiring private employers to provide paid sick time . The Earned Sick Time Act , which now goes to Mayor Michael Bloomberg , will require private businesses with 20 or more employees , to provide five paid sick days annually , beginning in April 2014 . Some businesses will be exempt from the requirement to pay employees for sick time , but will still be required to provide time off without penalty to employees . The act was approved with a 45-3 vote tally , and comes after the City Council announced an agreement in March to pass the act . The Council expects the new legislation to affect nearly 1 million New York workers , according to a press release . "  People who are sick or who need to care for a loved one should be able to take time off without the fear of losing their job or not having money to pay the bills , " City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn said . "  At the same time , we ca n't ignore the harsh realities that small businesses face , and we need to protect their interests as well . This bill strikes that important balance . " The bill now goes to Bloomberg , who vowed Wednesday to veto it . Bloomberg said that the some workers will suffer as some companies may lay off employees or split up into smaller companies to avoid falling under the regulations . Judge orders morning-after pill available without prescription in New York "  History shows that an awful lot of people will take those days whether they 're sick or not . You can then argue they 're vacation days , " Bloomberg said . If Bloomberg does veto the bill , the City Council can override the veto with a two-thirds vote . In 2006 , San Francisco became the first city to required companies to provide paid sick days , according to the National Partnership for Women and Families . Washington and Milwaukee followed in 2008 , and Connecticut became the first state to pass statewide paid sick time laws in 2011 . New York appeals soda-cup decision Seattle passed laws in 2011 , and Portland , Oregon , followed earlier in 2013 . Currently there are no federal legal requirements for paid sick leave , according to the U.S. Department of Labor website . Some companies are subject to the Family and Medical Leave Act , passed in 1993 , which provides up to 12 weeks of unpaid , job-protected leave per year "  for certain medical situations for either the employee or a member of the employee 's immediate family . " The FMLA was amended in 2008 to permit a "  spouse , son , daughter , parent or next of kin " to take up to 26 weeks of leave to care for a member of the Armed Forces who is undergoing medical treatment , according to the Department of Labor website .	The City Council passed the legislation 45-3 Mayor Bloomberg vows to veto The City Council can override a veto with a two-thirds vote The Council says the measure could affect nearly 1 million New York workers
CNN  -- Worshippers at an Islamic center in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , will have to wait at least a week before they can use their new mosque , officials said Thursday . The mosque -- subject of a two-year battle marked by legal wrangling , vandalism and anti-Muslim sentiment -- still needs to pass inspection and get its occupancy permit , mosque officials said . "  It is unfortunate that we can not be in our building for the start of Ramadan tonight , " Islamic Center of Murfreesboro officials said in a written statement . "  However , it does look like we will get to enjoy most of Ramadan in our building , especially the breaking of the fast at the end of Ramadan , on Eid-ul-Fitr . " The release said it will take about 10 days to complete the next legal steps . "  They do have a lot of work to be done cosmetically , " said David Jones , Rutherford County Building Codes director , told CNN affiliate WSMV . "  We have gone through the building with them " and made suggestions , he added . On Wednesday , a federal judge in Memphis ordered Rutherford County to conduct a final inspection on the building , setting aside a local judge 's ruling from June that voided a planning commission 's approval . If the structure fails to comply with inspection requirements , U.S. District Judge Todd J. Campbell ordered the county to immediately notify the Islamic Center of any deficiencies and "  promptly reinspect the building " after the center informs the county it has corrected the problems . Embattled mosque moves forward with construction Kevin Fisher , who is opposed the mosque , told CNN affiliate WZTV on Wednesday that the issue was never about someone 's right to worship but rather about whether the planning commission gave proper public notice . "  I do believe in our system . I believe in due process , " he said . "  You have to respect the system , even if you disagree sometimes with the decision it makes . " Sally Wall , one of the leading opponents of the mosque , said she was n't surprised by the ruling and never thought her group would win the court case . She said she just wanted to show Muslims that they are not welcome in Murfreesboro . Faced with the fact that the mosque is likely to be opening soon , Wall said she hopes it does n't bring "  1,000 to 2,000 Muslim families here . " She plans to keep up the fight , and said the controversy has drawn the community closer together . "  Everyone else feels the same way I do  about the mosque  except the 5 % who moved here the day before yesterday , " she said . Feds investigate fire at site of future mosque Imam Ossama Bahloul of the Islamic Center said the congregation has a three-decade history and has not caused any disruption in the city . "  No one can come to say the Islam community is radical , " he told CNN . "  What did we do ? " Angela Hytry , 31 , said she thinks local opinions on the issue are a reflection of town demographics . The population is split equally into two groups , she said : those who have moved to Murfreesboro -- mostly for Middle Tennessee State University or to commute to nearby Nashville -- and those whose families have been there for decades . "  People who have been here forever have a very one-sided , ignorant viewpoint of what a mosque coming to Murfreesboro would mean , " she said . The graphic designer , originally from Detroit , has been living in the suburban town for 10 years . She said Detroit has a large Muslim population and she grew up with that as a normal part of the culture . Two years ago , the mosque was the talk of the town , but at least for her circle of friends and family it has become a fringe issue , she said . Why do Muslims pray 5 times a day ? A municipal worker who lives near the mosque said most of the residents in her neighborhood are more concerned about the traffic than the Muslim presence . But for the majority of the town it 's the term "  Muslim " that counts , she said . The 69-year-old , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue and her connection to local government , said she thinks any religious group has a right to be there and she does n't feel threatened . "  It 's just the way Muslims are perceived because of the terrorist attacks and the war , " she said . "  We have Buddhists here and they have their place of worship and I do n't think anything 's ever been said against them . " What 's bothering this 11-year Murfreesboro resident the most is the discord it 's brought to her town . "  It 's just a mess and it 's brought terrible publicity , " she said . "  It 's a wonderful city and town , but the news is not going to portray that . " The issue is widely discussed among local residents and some people near her have even put their houses up for sale , she said , because they do n't want to be near a Muslim congregation . The fight erupted in 2010 when planning commissioners approved an expansion project . The construction site has been vandalized several times , including by an arson attack in 2010 , and federal authorities have charged a Texas man with calling in a bomb threat to the center before last year 's anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . "  Not welcome " was spray-painted by vandals on a sign announcing the construction of the project . Bahloul said the mosque 's opening will be another opportunity to extend "  hands of peace " and thank supporters . "  I believe we are all related , we all came from Adam and Eve , " the imam said . "  We might have some disagreement , but we must find a way to sit at the table , have a discussion and respect each other . " My Faith : After my mosque was torched CNN 's Phil Gast , Carol Cratty and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Imam says mosque has done nothing wrong Mosque faces at least 10 days of more work before it can get an occupancy permit Residents say the controversy has divided the community A fierce debate over expanding the mosque began in 2010
Snapchat is trying to get away from its reputation as a service for randy sexting teens and secretive philanderers . "  It 's not a good way to send inappropriate photos , " said Snapchat co-founder Evan Spiegel at the San Francisco Techcrunch Disrupt conference on Monday . Snapchat is a popular mobile messaging app for sending self-destructing messages . Private photo and text messages disappear forever after one to 10 seconds . More than 350 million of these messages , called "  snaps , " are traded every day on Snapchat , according to Spiegel . The short lifespan of the messages is what has made the 2-year-old app a natural for content people do n't want falling into the wrong hands , such as naughty photos . Meet the kid-friendly version of Snapchat Spiegel pointed out that it is possible for a recipient to take take screenshots of snaps , and said it was even possible for determined hackers with time and money to access the messages and "  betray your trust . " Touting the potential security flaws of a product might seem like an odd move for a popular app , but for Snapchat to continue growing at a rapid pace it needs to appeal to a wider audience . Last year , Snapchat told AllThingsD that most of its users were from 13 to 23 . The company needs to pull in more adults , starting with the founder 's parents . "  I was just snapping my mom this morning , " said Spiegel . The company is also dabbling in the wearable computing world . On Monday , it announced a new app for the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch called Snapchat Micro . With the app , users can upload photos taken with the watch 's small camera , shaving a few seconds off the time it takes to share a moment . Snapchat may be moving on to wrists , but it wo n't be coming to your face anytime soon . Spiegel said the company had no plans to develop for Google Glass and dismissed the technology as invasive , saying , "  You kind of feel like you have a gun pointed at you . " Google 's wearable computing system has already stirred up privacy concerns for its ability to surreptitiously capture photos , and the association could be just the kind of negative publicity Snapchat is trying so hard to avoid . Spiegel did n't express the same concerns about a wearable wristwatch , but not because a tiny camera on a wrist is necessarily safer . He thinks Gear owners wo n't abuse the tool to take sneaky photos because he believes people are "  generally not mean . " The other challenge for the company is actually making money off the service . Instead of taking the usual route and adding in display ads , Spiegel said the company was leaning toward in-app transactions . Investors seem confident that revenue details will be ironed out . In June , Snapchat received another $ 60 million in funding . For now , the company is continuing to pitch itself as a wholesome app that 's fun for the whole family . "  We do n't want to be a place for people to share mean secrets , " said Spiegel . Blissfully wired : 10 rules for digital happiness How Galaxy Gear stacks up to other smartwatches Can you really be liable for texting a driver ?	Snapchat founder says the app is not good for sending inappropriate photos The company is trying to appeal to a wider audience Snapchat announced an app for the Galaxy Gear smartwatch but has no plans for Google Glass 350 million messages are sent on Snapchat every day
CNN  -- And so it comes to a close . With 64 games , some huge shocks and 171 goals scored over a month of great football , the medals have been presented and the trophy lifted . Now it 's time to look back , and to recognize some superlative performances from some of the world 's best players . Here are our picks for the outstanding performers of the tournament : Tim Howard  USA Jan Vertonghen  Bel Mats Hummels  Ger Raphael Varane  Fra Philipp Lahm  Ger Toni Kroos  Ger Angel Di Maria  Arg James Rodriguez  Col Arjen Robben  Ned Lionel Messi  Arg Neymar  Brz Subs : Manuel Neuer  Ger Thiago Silva  Brz Arturo Vidal  Chi Karim Benzema  Fra Manager : Louis van Gaal  Ned Of course , every list like this is bound to be contentious -- no room for Thomas MÃ 1/4 ller , for example ? You chose Howard over Neuer ? It would have been easy to choose a tranche of German players for this list , but there have been some wonderful performances , both team and individual , from a wide variety of sources over the course of the tournament . Some players had exceptional tournaments , others had moments , or games , of sheer brilliance . Most wore their hearts on their sleeve throughout . All were hugely entertaining . You can read our rationale for choosing these players by clicking on the buttons on each player 's shirt above . On some mobile phones , you may not see the interactive . This XI , plus a few substitutes and one larger-than-life manager , are the players we think merited special mention . Here 's to a remarkable World Cup . Who would have made your team of the tournament ? Tell us below in the comments .	CNN 's picks for the tournament Month-long football fest has given us a lot of memorable moments Do n't agree with these choices ? Tell us you would have chosen below
CNN  -- Five people have been charged with attempted theft in Ohio after allegedly trying to steal the carcass of an escaped lion that was set free by its owner -- along with other exotic animals -- and ultimately killed by authorities . Authorities apprehended four adults and one juvenile October 19 as they attempted to sneak the lion carcass into their vehicle , Muskingum County Sheriff Matthew J. Lutz said . "  They got the cat into the trunk , and we stopped them , " Lutz said . "  I 'm not sure what they planned to do with it . " The five were charged Monday , he said . According to sheriff 's department documents , deputies stopped a Jeep Cherokee sport utility vehicle and found the large dead cat inside . Authorites have not released the juvenile 's name , but the men were identified as Richard Weidlich , Brian Matthews , Joseph Jakubisin and Cody Wilson , according to the criminal complaint . If convicted , they could face up to six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . The attorneys for the men could not be immediately reached for comment . Of the 56 animals released October 18 , killed were two wolves , six black bears , two grizzly bears , nine male lions , eight lionesses , one baboon , three mountain lions and 18 Bengal tigers , Lutz said at the time of the incident . Only a grizzly bear , two monkeys and three leopards were taken alive . A monkey remained unaccounted for . Officials in Muskingum County closed schools as sheriff 's deputies equipped with night vision equipment attempted to hunt down the animals in eastern Ohio after the suicide of the man at the farm where they lived .	Lion was among exotic animals set free by owner , killed by authorities Four men and one juvenile were charged Monday in Ohio "  They got the cat into the trunk , and we stopped them , " sheriff says
CNN  -- Escalating violence between Syrian security forces and anti-government protesters claimed 15 people Wednesday in the city of Daraa , witnesses and rights activists said . Syrian state television reported the government fired the governor of Daraa province , a flash point of anti-government protests . There was no breakdown on the casualties . According to activists and witnesses , seven people died shortly after dawn prayers near al Omari mosque . Security personnel tried to storm the area where protesters took positions to demand government reforms , an opposition spokesman said . Later , about 3,000 protesters from neighboring towns gathered outside Daraa and clashed with an army unit known for its loyalty to President Bashar al-Assad , activists and witnesses said . The army unit is headed by a family member , Maher al-Assad , said the opposition spokesman . Eight more people died in the later clashes , bringing the death toll Wednesday to 15 , according to the sources . Overall , at least 21 people have died in unrest in the city since Friday . Army tanks are positioned in the city , including near al Omari mosque , the opposition spokesman said . Mobile and regular telephone service from Daraa has been cut off , witnesses told CNN . Wissam Tarif , executive director of the human rights group Insan , told CNN from outside Damascus that Syrian security forces fired live ammunition at unarmed protesters . He said he was aware of three protesters killed in the clashes , but added there was no information on the injured because people do n't go to the hospitals anymore . This is because some disappeared after being taken for treatment earlier in the unrest , he said . According to Tarif , demonstrators want an end to the decades-old state of emergency in Syria , the release of prisoners of conscience and more freedoms . Syria is the latest in a string of Arabic-speaking nations beset with discontent over human rights issues . "  The United States is deeply troubled by violence and civilian deaths in Daraa at the hands of security forces , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement Wednesday . His statement expressed U.S. condemnation for what it called "  the Syrian government 's use of violence , intimidation and arbitrary arrests in Daraa to hinder the ability of its people to freely exercise their universal rights . "  We call on the Syrian government to exercise restraint and refrain from violence against peaceful protesters , " Toner 's statement said . A witness who did not want his name used out of concern for his safety said security forces shot into the crowd in front of the al Omari mosque before daybreak Wednesday . The witness also said he heard an explosion . Syrian state TV , however , said armed groups had attacked security forces , killing a doctor , a medical assistant and an ambulance driver . Assad later issued an order to dismiss Daraa 's governor , Faisal Kulthoum , from his position , Syrian state TV reported . The violence comes a day after Syrian authorities arrested a prominent rights leader as anti-government demonstrations continue throughout the country 's south . Loay Hussein , a political prisoner from 1984 to 1991 , was taken from his home in the Sehnaya district near Damascus on Tuesday , according to the country 's Observatory for Human Rights . Hussein had been supporting protesters who marched for a sixth straight day Tuesday , chanting , "  The people want to bring down the regime , " a spokesman for the organizers told CNN from Daraa . The organizers are also planning a day of mass protests Friday , the spokesman said . On Monday , protesters marched in Daraa after they buried the body of a protester who was killed Sunday in clashes between anti-government demonstrators and security forces , a witness told CNN . Sunday 's protests came the same day a delegation sent by the president offered "  condolences to the families of the two martyrs who died during the unfortunate events which took place in Daraa on Friday , " according to SANA , the Syrian news agency . Local tribal leaders have said they rejected a government proposal to bring about calm and have put together a list of demands , including asking that the head of the local police and governor of Daraa be held accountable for the civilian casualties since Friday , witnesses said . On Tuesday , the United Nations Human Rights office reported that six people have been killed by security forces in Daraa since Friday , calling for an "  independent , transparent and effective investigation into these killings . " "  The use of excessive force constitutes a clear violation of international law , which provides for individual criminal responsibility for violations committed , " said Rupert Colville , spokesman for the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . "  People have the legitimate right to express their grievances and demands to their government , and we urge the Syrian government to enter into a broad , meaningful dialogue with the protesters in an attempt to address those grievances , " he said . CNN 's Tim Lister and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. State Department "  deeply troubled " by civilian deaths Witnesses , rights activist say 15 people die in clashes in Daraa President al-Assad fires the head of government in Daraa , where protests are occurring The death toll in Daraa in unrest since last week rises to 21 , groups say
CNN  -- More than two dozen Chinese construction workers abducted in Sudan have been released , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Tuesday . The 29 workers flew out of Sudan aboard a Red Cross plane bound for Nairobi , Kenya , a statement from the ICRC said . Rebels kidnapped the workers January 28 from a camp run by China 's Power Construction Corp. in volatile South Kordofan . Eighteen other workers in the camp escaped the raid , which the Sudanese military blamed on the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement-North -- a rebel force in the border region with neighboring South Sudan . One worker died in the raid , according to Xinhua , China 's official news agency . Sudanese authorities handed over the worker 's body Tuesday , Xinhua said . The workers were released after what Xinhua described as "  a stream of intensive rescue efforts carried out by the Chinese government in collaboration with the Sudanese government and other parties . " The Al-Adhdath daily newspaper in Khartoum earlier said the International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  had mediated for the release . South Sudan became the world 's newest nation last year after decades of conflict with the north . Nevertheless , violence in South Kordofan and the nearby Blue Nile states has forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes . While the region is in Sudanese territory , it straddles Sudan and South Sudan 's ethnic and political lines . China is Sudan 's largest trading partner , while Sudan is China 's third-largest trading partner in Africa . According to the Chinese Foreign Ministry , trade between the two countries reached $ 8.63 billion in 2010 , an increase of 35.1 % compared with the previous year . The close bilateral cooperation is mainly driven by oil exports from Sudan , which is among the top oil suppliers for China .	Chinese hostages are freed in Sudan ; they 're now on the way to Kenya The body of one worker killed in the rebel raid on their camp is returned to Chinese officials The 29 Chinese workers were abducted from a construction site January 28
CNN  -- After Michael Brown 's August 9 shooting death , DeRay Mckesson could not believe what he was seeing on social media as he scrolled through posts tagged #Ferguson and #MikeBrown The hashtags accompanied scenes of the dead teen lying in the street and videos of distressed community members up against police in riot gear . Mckesson was compelled to make the nine-hour drive from Minneapolis to Missouri on August 16 . The next evening he was chased and tear gassed by police on West Florissant Avenue along with other activists , protesters and concerned citizens , he said . "  I thought , ` this is not an America I know , ' " the 29-year-old school administrator said in a phone interview . "  This is not what America should be . " Since August 9 , Ferguson the place has come to represent what many see as the ugly side of American racial politics , making #Ferguson the hashtag a social media shorthand for racial inequality , police misconduct and "  the value of black life , " Mckesson said . People have used the hashtag to call out what they see as instances of police misconduct and racist double standards beyond the context of the day Officer Darren Wilson shot the 18-year-old to death . These conversations happen every day across America amid tension between law enforcement and black communities , said Rashad Robinson , executive director of civil rights group ColorOfChange . Ferguson became a national conversation thanks to social media , creating an opening for broader discussions about "  inequality in the criminal justice system , " he said . Ferguson has always been about justice for Michael Brown first and foremost , Robinson said . It has also become a signifier of "  a bigger problem in our country where for some of us justice does n't seem like it will ever be delivered , " he said . "  We 're talking about the larger issue of police misconduct in Ferguson and around the country that happens everyday , " he said . "  Ferguson is the flashpoint that amplified the need for greater accountability . " ` Righteous rage ' and hope The hashtag also has become a rallying cry for the social justice movement that has grown out of Michael Brown 's death . Between August 9 and August 25 , the hashtag #Ferguson was used on Twitter 11.6 million with retweets and 1.9 million without retweets , according to Sysomos . Mckesson was among those boosting the hashtag as he pounded the pavement in Ferguson . He tweeted images of protests , news about rallies and demonstrations and tips for out-of-towners looking for food and places to stay . "  There was a lot of righteous rage , but also a deep sense of community and joy that outlined that anger , " he said . "  It turned me into being a committed protester . " He also began building relationships to form the infrastructure of an organized , peaceful movement . Through a newsletter and frequent social media updates , he shares news about campaigns , demonstrations , petitions and updates on Darren Wilson 's court proceedings . He also shares passionate affirmations of the movement 's mission and biting digs toward detractors and Darren Wilson supporters . But , he is quick to add that he is "  just one voice " in a leaderless movement . "  On social media we have all been exposed to voices we might not have heard otherwise , " he said . "  There are many of us who are voices in this and that is our power . " Turning a moment into a movement Hashtags like #Ferguson are a means to an end for advocacy groups trying to create movements out of moments like Michael Brown 's shooting , said Robinson with ColorOfChange . "  Our role is to translate what 's happening in Ferguson to everyday people who want to do something on a systemic level that will lead to lasting change , " he said . "  What we 're doing is trying to capture that energy and push for national change in terms of policies that incentivize better policing and hold media and Hollywood accountable in terms of the images and implicit biases they put out in the world . " The hashtag creates a space for people to see what 's happening on the ground not only in Ferguson but in places around country , he said . Hopefully , what they see engages and catalyzes them into activism in real life . "  A hashtag provides a meeting space , a virtual meeting space where you can be virtually tapped into one strand of what 's happening , " he said . "  But it 's a mistake to believe you 're fully educated . "	The hashtag #Ferguson is often used as a symbol of American racial politics People use hashtag to call out racist behavior unrelated to Michael Brown 's shooting Protesters and activists use #Ferguson as a social media rallying call
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A medical doctor in Vancouver , British Columbia , said Thursday that California arson suspect Harry Burkhart suffered from severe mental illness in 2010 , when she examined him as part of a team of doctors . Dr. Blaga Stancheva , a family physician and specialist in obstetrics , said both Burkhart and his mother , Dorothee , were her patients in Vancouver while both were applying for refugee status in Canada . "  I was asked to diagnose and treat Harry to support a claim explaining why he was unable to show up in a small-claims court case , " Stancheva told CNN in a phone interview . She declined to cite the case or Burkhart 's role in it . Stancheva said she and other doctors including a psychiatrist diagnosed Burkhart with "  autism , severe anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and depression . " The diagnosis was spelled out in a letter she wrote for the small-claims court case , Stancheva said . Stancheva , citing doctor-patient confidentiality , would not elaborate further , nor would she identify the psychiatrist involved in the diagnosis . Burkhart , a 24-year-old German national , has been charged with 37 counts of arson following a string of 52 fires in Los Angeles . The charges are in connection with arson fires at 12 locations scattered through Hollywood , West Hollywood and Sherman Oaks , according to authorities . Stancheva said the refugee applications by Burkhart and his mother were denied by the Canadian government , and she has not seen Burkhart since early March of 2010 . "  I was shocked and dismayed at what happened in Los Angeles , and it appears he was not being treated for his depression , " she said . Burkhart was in court on Wednesday for a preliminary hearing . Prosecutors said his "  rage against Americans , " triggered by his mother 's arrest last week , motivated his "  campaign of terror " with dozens of fires in Hollywood and nearby communities . Burkhart kept his eyes closed and remained limp during most of his hearing , requiring sheriff 's deputies to hold him up . The district attorney called his courtroom behavior "  very bizarre . " "  This defendant has engaged in a protracted campaign in which he has set , the people believe , upwards of 52 arson fires in what essentially amounts to a campaign of terror against this community , " Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Sean Carney said . "  The people believe he has engaged in this conduct because he has a hatred for Americans . " Carney told the court Burkhart would flee the country if he was allowed out of jail on bond , but Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Upinder Kalra said he had no choice but to set bail . To go free while awaiting trial , Burkhart must post a $ 2.85 million bond and surrender his German passport . It was revealed that Burkhart is also under investigation for arson and fraud in relation to a fire in Neukirchen , near Frankfurt , Germany . The worst arson sprees in the city 's history began last Friday morning with a car fire in Hollywood that spread to apartments above a garage , but no new fires have happened since Burkhart was arrested Monday , Los Angeles District Attorney Steve Cooley said . No one was hurt in the fires , but property damage costs are likely to reach $ 3 million , authorities said . Cooley called it "  almost attempted murder , " because people were sleeping in apartments above where Burkhart allegedly set cars on fire with incendiary devices placed under their engines . The criminal complaint filed Wednesday also alleged that the fires were "  caused by use of a device designed to accelerate the fire , " Cooley said . "  If found true , the allegation could mean additional custody time for the defendant . " "  In numerous instances , the cars were parked in carports , resulting in the fires spreading to the adjacent occupied apartment buildings , " a sworn affidavit from a Los Angeles arson investigator said . "  The vast majority of these fires occurred late at night when the occupants of the apartment buildings were asleep . " Investigator Edward Nordskog 's affidavit detailed Burkhart 's behavior a day before the fires began , when he was in a federal courtroom during extradition proceedings for his mother . "  While in the audience , the defendant  Burkhart  began yelling in an angry manner , ` F -- k all Americans . ' The defendant also attempted to communicate with his mother who was in custody . Shortly thereafter , the defendant was ejected from the courtroom by Deputy U.S. Marshals , " Nordskog wrote . Dorothee Burkhart was arrested a day before on an international arrest warrant issued by a district court in Frankfurt , Germany , said federal court spokesman Gunther Meilinger . The 53-year-old German woman is wanted on 16 counts of fraud and three counts of embezzlement , he said . The charges include an allegation that she failed to pay for a breast enhancement operation performed on her in 2004 , Meilinger said . Most of the German charges , however , stem from phony real estate deals that Dorothee Burkhart allegedly conducted between 2000 and 2006 . "  It is my opinion that the defendant 's criminal spree was motivated by his rage against Americans and that by setting these fires the defendant intended to harm and terrorize as many residents of the city and county of Los Angeles as possible , " Nordskog wrote . A search of Burkhart 's Hollywood apartment found newspaper clippings about the Los Angeles fires and articles from Germany reporting similar car fires in Frankfurt , Germany in September , 2011 , the investigator said . "  It is my opinion based on my experience that it is highly likely the defendant has a history of setting arson fires in Germany before he came to the United States , " Nordskog wrote . Burkhart 's mother is scheduled for another extradition hearing Friday , while he is due back in court for arraignment on January 24 . Meanwhile , both Burkharts are housed in a Los Angeles jail .	NEW : A Canadian doctor says she was part of a team examining Harry Burkhart in 2010 NEW : Diagnosis : "  autism , severe anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and depression " Burkhart is also suspected in a German arson probe , officials say Prosecutors believe the German national set a string of fires in Los Angeles
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Syrian arms dealer was sentenced to 30 years in a U.S. federal prison for conspiring to sell weapons as part of a plot to kill Americans in Colombia , according to prosecutors . Syrian-born arms dealer Monzer al-Kassar , seen in a file photo , tried to sell weapons to undercover U.S. agents . Monzer al-Kassar was also ordered Tuesday to forfeit all of his assets , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York . Al-Kassar 's co-defendant Luis Felipe Moreno Godoy received a 25-year prison sentence for his role in the conspiracy . Both men were convicted in November of five charges , including conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , conspiracy to acquire and export anti-aircraft missiles , conspiracy to provide support for FARC guerrillas in Colombia , and money laundering . The federal indictment paints al-Kassar as an international arms dealer with a hand in conflicts in nearly every part of the world , with a web of bank accounts and front companies across Europe and the Middle East . Al-Kassar was arrested in Spain in 2007 on a U.S. warrant and his associate Moreno Godoy was arrested in Romania . Both were extradited to the United States . The arrests stemmed from an undercover sting operation involving U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agents posing as members of FARC . During the 16-month operation , the agents arranged to buy more than 12,000 weapons from the two men , according to the indictment . Al-Kassar agreed to provide surface-to-air missiles for the FARC to shoot down American helicopters , and also offered to send 1,000 men to fight with the FARC , plus explosives and men who could train the FARC in how to use them , the indictment charged . Al-Kassar demanded 3,500,000 euros  $ 4.4 million  as "  partial payment " for the weapons , it said . Justice Department officials say al-Kassar has been a source of weapons and military equipment for armed combatants since the 1970s . Kassar had told journalists before he was arrested that he had retired from arms dealing , but the United States says he had been involved since the 1970s , providing weapons and military equipment to armed factions in Nicaragua , Cyprus , Bosnia , Croatia , Iran , Iraq , Somalia , and elsewhere . CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Syrian sentenced in conspiracy to sell weapons in a plot to kill Americans Co-defendant gets 25 years ; plan was to kill Americans in Colombia U.S. calls Monzer al-Kassar an international dealer arming many wars U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency arrested arms dealers in sting operation
Washington  CNN  -- Jim DeMint may be long gone from the Senate and now running the conservative Heritage Foundation , but his blessing is still in demand for Republican presidential candidates marching through his home state of South Carolina . Even out of office , DeMint keeps counsel with a small but loyal network of Republican donors in South Carolina , an influential collection of business leaders and former state GOP chairmen who have relationships across the state 's political spectrum . During the 2012 presidential race , the DeMint donors flirted with endorsing a presidential candidate and invited the cast of Republican contenders to a quasi-debate , the "  Palmetto Freedom Forum , " in Columbia . Despite the attention showered upon him , DeMint ultimately stayed neutral in that primary . His allies , meanwhile , splintered among various campaigns . This time around , Marco Rubio is hoping to make an early good impression . The Florida senator , whose rise in the tea party-fueled 2010 election was due , in part , to DeMint 's early endorsement , has quietly arranged to headline a private fundraiser in Greenville next month for the group 's think tank , the Palmetto Policy Forum , a Republican source familiar with the plans told CNN . Hambycast : Branstad 's mustachioed superstition exposed The pending visit makes him the first likely Republican contender to come knocking on the DeMint crew 's door . Details of the event have yet to be sorted out , but it will take place on October 22 , just a day before Rubio mentor Jeb Bush , another possible 2016 candidate from Florida , will host a re-election fundraiser in Columbia for Gov. Nikki Haley . Rubio is also planning to attend a grassroots fund-raiser for the South Carolina Republican Party in Columbia alongside Sen. Tim Scott , the man who replaced DeMint in the Senate . With a team of political advisers that includes Terry Sullivan , a strategist who labored in the trenches of South Carolina politics for over a decade , Rubio has started to put in serious facetime with the state 's conservative community as he builds a case for the Republican nomination in 2016 . Rubio was last in the state in August , when he tangled with a group of "  DREAMers " who crashed a conservative barbecue in Anderson and loudly criticized the senator for turning his back on a comprehensive immigration reform bill . On that same trip , he held court with a group of social conservative leaders at the Greenville home of Lisa van Riper , the president of South Carolina Citizens For Life . He also met privately with officials from Bob Jones University .	Marco Rubio is meeting with influential conservatives in South Carolina The Florida senator is considering a presidential bid for 2016 South Carolina is a key early primary state for presidential nominating contests
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A U.S. company is offering a rare chance to holiday on a mega-yacht once used by a Hollywood star and her husband -- and thanks to the recession it 's actually affordable . The 100-foot Katania normally would attract an additional $ 49,500 charter fee for a week 's use . The 100-foot Katania was chartered by Hollywood star Hilary Swank and her husband , Chad Lowe . Seattle , Washington-based mega-yacht rental business CEO Expeditions usually charges around $ 100,000 a week to charter their 100-plus-foot yachts , but they have introduced a deal waiving the charter fees -- meaning guests will only need to pay for the running of the vessel . The move to make such vessels more affordable comes as the recession continues to put pressure on the luxury holiday and mega-yacht industries . Although the costs of crew and luxury food are n't extremely cheap , it is expected this move will open up the recession-strained market to many more potential holiday-makers . The Katania now costs less than $ 3,000 per day . Normally it would attract an additional $ 49,500 charter fee for a week 's use . At the $ 2,950-per-day special rate , four people can stay on the Katania -- but with the maximum six on board  $ 450 extra per person  the cost per person is a slightly better $ 642 . The price includes full crew , premium wines , gourmet food prepared by a private chef , amenities such as kayaks , hot tub , fishing/crabbing/shrimping equipment , and even a 30-foot whaler for guest use . According to the company , Swank said of her charter holiday : "  We had an absolutely enchanted time aboard the Katania . A more beautiful yacht does not exist . " There is one small catch with the deal -- the boat is based in the San Juan islands off the coast of Washington and British Columbia , and any cruises to other destinations will attract an additional charge to cover fuel costs . The company 's owner , Bruce Milne , released a statement saying the deal was largely a result of the impact of the recession . "  Travel is down , agents and brokers need deals , so rather than just a few full-price charters , we decided to stay busy , put more people to work , and help island tourism by doing charters at cost . "  Since we started chartering 10 years ago , we have been looking for a chance to provide our ` Expeditions to the Extraordinary ' in the San Juan Islands at a price any luxury traveler can afford -- this recession provides that opportunity , " he said . Tim Wiltshire , director and sales broker at international yacht company Burgess Yachts , said the charter market is n't a complete disaster , so he was surprised to see such a discount . "  I would n't have expected to see that , " he said . "  We are seeing discounts on average of about 25 percent . Although some people are trying interesting gimmicks to inspire new business . " Wiltshire said CEO Expedition 's fleet is n't among the biggest or most luxurious on the market , and this deal appears to be clever marketing stunt . His opinion is that other larger vessels still warrant their greater price tags .	U.S. mega-yacht charter company waives massive $ 50,000 charter fees The impact of the recession is reason given for the discounted deal A yacht chartered by Hilary Swank can now be rented for less than $ 3,000 a day
CNN  -- In the age of Amazon and e-books , common wisdom claims that brick-and-mortar bookstores are going the way of the dinosaurs . If a national chain such as Borders , which folded in 2011 , could n't succeed in this climate , what are the odds of an independent shop going the distance ? Surprisingly good , it turns out . I 've published three novels over the past three years , and each time I head out on tour , I discover amazing bookstores . While it 's hard to beat the Internet for sheer efficiency , virtual book-buying ca n't satisfy the same itch for discovery that browsing in person can . Moreover , it 's become easy to love e-books and local stores since Kobo started partnering with independents to make some 3 million titles available electronically . The stores that are succeeding offer a mix of author visits , staff recommendations and community outreach that 's impossible to replace . While there are incredible indies all over North America , these are my favorites : BookPeople : Austin , Texas They say everything is bigger in the Lone Star State , and BookPeople seems determined to make that point . This three-story shop has sat on a prime plot of downtown Austin real estate since 1970 , and its marquee sign out front lists that day 's special guests , which have included former presidents , rock stars and best-selling novelists . What makes BookPeople special is that it 's just as welcoming to newly minted authors , too . While every department is fully stocked , crime novels get a lot of love here , especially since the 2012 launch of MysteryPeople , a store within the original store . Big as the store is , it 's still a place where handwritten notes from staff line the shelves , personally recommending favorite reads . 6 incredible artist studio tours The Poisoned Pen : Scottsdale , Arizona While its name suggests a criminal enterprise , The Poisoned Pen specializes in fiction -- not only mysteries , but historical novels , literary fiction and works set in the Southwest . Still , crime fiction is close to its dark little heart -- beating since 1989 -- and this is a place that stocks its shelves with British and Canadian titles that are often impossible to find elsewhere . The store 's owners are so passionate about books that they founded the Poisoned Pen Press in 1997 , and it 's since become one of the largest hardcover publishers of English-language mysteries in the world . I think of it as the little press that could . Ben McNally Books : Toronto If I could give an award for the most beautiful bookstore in North America , this one in Toronto 's Financial District would win . With its soaring ceiling , elegant chandeliers , slender columns and leather wing chairs , Ben McNally looks like an idyllic private club for book lovers . Some dedicated bookworms have even tied the knot in the store . Beautiful as it is , the shop 's biggest strength is its charming staff , who are adept at sussing out any visitor 's interests and recommending what to read next . Seductive as their home base is , they also sponsor readings and events around the city . Mysterious Galaxy : Redondo Beach , California The first time I encountered the staff of this shop was n't at the store itself , but at a Noir at the Bar reading in Los Angeles -- a popular crime fiction reading series that takes place in cities across the country . Home base is a shiny new space that only opened in 2011  the original San Diego store has been operating since 1993  , but Mysterious Galaxy is hardwired into the local community , hosting author events at schools , its popular Ladies , Lunch & Literacy program at independently owned restaurants , and organizing the Passion & Prose conference for romance readers . Subterranean Books : St. Louis When Subterranean opened in 2000 , it carried a mix of new and secondhand books ; since then , it 's shifted its focus to carrying only new books . But they do n't try to stock everything . Instead , they 've carved out a niche with cult-classic novels , intriguing offerings from small presses , and books about film , pop culture and history . Everything in the store has been personally selected by staff members , so their recommendations are deeply personal . The Tattered Cover : Denver Technically , there are three branches of the Tattered Cover , and each one is spectacular in its own right . The downtown store near Union Station , which boasts 20,000 square feet of retail space , is where the Dalai Lama reads when he comes to town , and there 's the gorgeous Highlands Ranch outpost in the suburbs . My personal favorite is the location on East Colfax Avenue , which remade the historic Lowenstein Theater into a bibliophile 's paradise with cozy corners and couches . McNally Jackson : New York It looks like an elegant , old-fashioned bookstore , with its tightly packed rows of bookshelves , overstuffed international newsstand and a cafÃ © that serves rose water and cappuccino . But underneath that elegant surface beats the heart of an innovator . That was clear when McNally Jackson introduced its Espresso Book Machine , which takes mere minutes to print library-quality paperbacks from a catalog of almost 4 million titles .  That same machine also allows authors who wish to self-publish in print easy access to a press . Book Passage : San Francisco This shop has two locations , but the tiny one in the San Francisco Ferry Building is the one that grabbed my heart . I discovered it while attending a conference , and I was instantly charmed by its towering shelves , spectacular travel section and inspiring view of the water . Two years later , I returned on tour and found the same staff I 'd met the first time still working in the store . "  We never want to leave , " one told me . I did n't either . La Maison Anglaise : Quebec City In a city where fewer than 5 % of the population is Anglophone , what hope could there be for a store specializing in English-language books ? La Maison Anglaise , whose name translates as The English House , has been going strong since 1984 in its small space near Laval University . That 's partly because its owner , Guy Dubois , is an extraordinary organizer who co-founded the QuebeCrime literary festival , which has drawn superstar writers such as Lawrence Block , Ian Rankin and Daniel Woodrell to town . Parnassus Books : Nashville This is the one store on my list that I have n't visited -- yet . But I 'll be in Nashville for a conference in August , and Parnassus Books is at the top of my sightseeing list . One reason why is that the store was co-founded by Ann Patchett , the author of "  Bel Canto " and one of my favorite novelists . I love the fact that she opened this store at the end of 2011 when independent bookstores appeared to be in steep decline .  Patchett decided to open the store after Nashville lost its last local bookshop , saying she had "  no interest in living in a city without a bookstore . " Where do you like to find your next book , whether it 's a local bookstore , the library or the Internet ? Please share in the comments below .	An Austin , Texas , bookstore features a mystery store within the larger store A Redondo Beach , California , store hosts mystery and lunch events beyond its borders You can print out paperbacks or your own work on a New York store 's Espresso Book Machine Some dedicated bookworms have even tied the knot at Ben McNally Books in Toronto
CNN  -- Jody Powell , who served as press secretary for President Jimmy Carter , has died , a spokesman for the Carter Center said . He was 65 . Former White House Press Secretary Jody Powell died Monday . Powell , who served in the Carter administration from 1977 to 1981 , died Monday of an apparent heart attack , Carter Center spokesman Tony Clark told CNN . Carter said he and former first lady Rosalynn Carter "  share a great personal loss today in the passing of Jody Powell . " "  From the time he began , as a young graduate student , as my volunteer driver during my 1970 run for governor , no one worked more closely with me than Jody , " the former president and former governor of Georgia said in a statement . "  Jody was beside me in every decision I made as a candidate , governor , and president , and I could always depend on his advice and counsel being candid and direct . " Robert Gibbs , press secretary to President Barack Obama , said he was "  deeply saddened to hear about the passing of Jody Powell . " "  As press secretary to President Carter , Jody served his country during a difficult time , and he always did the job with grace and good humor , " Gibbs said in a statement . "  When I needed advice at the start of my own tenure as press secretary , he was always generous with his time and wise in his counsel . I 'll miss his support and encouragement , and I 'll be keeping him and his family in my thoughts and prayers , " he said . After his press secretary stint under Carter , Powell headed a Washington public relations firm , Powell-Tate , partnering with Nancy Reagan 's former press secretary , Sheila Tate .	Carters "  share a great personal loss today in the passing of Jody Powell " Carter : "  Beside me in every decision I made as a candidate , governor , and president " Powell also headed Washington PR firm with Nancy Reagan 's ex-press secretary
CNN  -- "  I do n't think the euro should exist , " said Saxo Bank co-CEO Lars Seier Christensen to CNN 's Richard Quest , in terms that could hardly be less fractious to supporters of the 17-nation single currency bloc . "  It 's quite clear that what lacks here is fiscal union but it 's also very clear that the populations of Europe are not supportive of that goal . " The eurozone will also pull itself apart as competitiveness will continue "  to develop in different directions , " said the head of the online Danish investment bank . He added that the people of the eurozone -- in particular , Germany as the monetary zone 's prime pillar -- will not make sacrifices for "  the weaker part of the eurozone " -- Greece and other southern European countries . Christensen 's controversial comments stand in stark contrast to what eurozone supporters have said -- advocating for austerity to keep the union together . Germany , Europe 's largest economy , fears that a Greek exit from the eurozone could lead to a domino effect in which other massively-indebted countries -- Ireland , Portugal , Spain and Italy -- may pull out from the common currency , leading to the breakup of the eurozone . In December 2012 , German Chancellor Angela Merkel won more support for bailout funds for Greece . In July , Mario Draghi , the president of the European Central Bank promised to do "  whatever it takes to preserve the euro " which set off rallies for Greek , Spanish and Italian bonds . Still , Saxo Bank 's Christensen believes the euro will disappear at some point in the future -- and despite hitting 13-month highs -- because he believes overall support does not exist . "  I 'm not saying it 's a bad thing that support is not there , " said Christensen , "  because the ability to adjust your currency is an important equilibrium between different economies and different developments . When that 's gone you 're left with a completely different set of problems . " The bank CEO declined to give a timeline but said it "  depends how long the Germans hold out ... how long the German population is willing to buy into supporting " fiscal union . "  I can tell you the problem is going to get greater rather than smaller ... I fear that the markets will take the thing apart eventually . "	Saxo co-CEO : ` Euro should never have existed ' Germany fears Greek exit from eurozone would spark monetary union breakup Euro has risen 10 % against U.S. dollar since July 2012 Saxo 's Christensen : ` Euro demise depends on Germany '
CNN  -- The girl the Taliban wanted dead has not only survived but was able to walk out of the hospital last week . But other highly publicized , vicious attacks on women and girls have not had such triumphant outcomes . Malala Yousafzai 's ordeal is not over yet : Doctors say the 15-year-old campaigner for girls ' education , whom gunmen shot in the head as she rode a school bus in Pakistan , will be readmitted in late January or early February for more cranial reconstructive surgery . She left the hospital just days after gunmen attacked a van in Pakistan 's Swabi District , less than an hour from the capital , and killed six women and one man who worked at a children 's community center . Five of the dead were teachers ; two were health care workers . The center , a charity , offered a school for girls and vaccinations for polio , among other diseases , along with maternal health treatment . Yet another attack unfolded around the time of Malala 's release . India is reeling from the death of a woman who dreamed of becoming a doctor . Brutally gang raped , mutilated and thrown from a bus , the physiotherapy student later died in a Singapore hospital . Her name was not made public in India , but her cause electrified the nation . Her father , who sold family land to move his family to Delhi from rural India to help his daughter realize her education dreams , is left heartbroken . "  She wanted to be a doctor and said it was only a matter of a few years and that when she was a doctor  all our suffering  , it will end , ' " her father told the BBC . "  I remember asking her once , ` Who are all your friends ? ' She replied , ` Dad , it 's only my books I am friends with . ' " What all of these attacks have in common , along with their brutality , is that they are attempts at extinguishing the talent and potential of women -- or half of the population . In a world that needs every doctor it can find , every educator and politician who is willing to tackle the status quo , these young women offered a glimpse at a brighter future in which all can contribute . No less than investment oracle Warren Buffett made that very case recently , referring to the United States , which has seen its share of less brutal attempts to hold women back . "  What a waste of human talent ; 50 % of the talent of the country we pushed off in a corner for almost 200 years , " he said in an interview with Melinda Gates . "  It is one of the things that makes me optimistic about the future -- we are getting to the point we are starting to realize we need to use 100 % of our talent -- it makes me very optimistic , but we still have a way to go . " His words echoed those of the World Economic Forum in its annual Gender Gap Report . "  The key for the future of any country and any institution is the capability to develop , retain and attract the best talent , " the report said . "  Empowering and educating girls and women and leveraging their talent and leadership fully in the global economy , politics and society are thus fundamental elements of succeeding and prospering in an ever more competitive world . " Until now these horrific attacks on women and girls , attacks I have written about concerning Afghanistan , have been seen as shameful and isolated incidents . But they are a shared loss in a globalized world . These young women and their legacies -- Malala , who will continue her fight , and the others , who will not -- are on the front lines of deciding what our world looks like . Will young women who speak out on the need for education be stopped or celebrated ? Will girls who dream of becoming doctors stay alive long enough to do so ? And when will we realize that their battle is one shared by everyone who dreams of a safer , more stable , more prosperous world in which more people have a stake ? Perhaps Buffett 's words will help enlist more fighters in the cause . Because the economic and human rights stakes are high . Increasingly the world is recognizing the value and the contributions of girls and women . But progress is slow while violence is tolerated . And as the attacks in Pakistan show , educating girls remains a potentially deadly line of work . "  They wanted to kill her , " said her father not long after gunmen shot his daughter . "  But she fell temporarily . She will rise again . She will stand again . " He was right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Tzemach Lemmon .	Gayle Lemmon : Taliban failed to stop education advocate Malala Yousafzai by shooting her Lemmon : Similar attacks on other women and girls trying to reach their goals were fatal Attacks are efforts to stamp out women 's progress , rights and potential , she says She says potential of half the population will not be realized if violence is tolerated
CNN  -- World No. 2 Rafael Nadal remains on course for a semifinal showdown with Andy Murray at the French Open after both progressed into the last eight on Monday . Nadal , seeking a record seventh title at Roland Garros , set up a clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro after posting his fourth successive straight-sets victory of the clay-court event . Having celebrated his 26th birthday on Sunday , Nadal demolished Argentine 13th seed Juan Monaco 6-2 6-0 6-0 to send a real message of intent to his main rivals . He won 17 games in a row to take his overall record at the tournament to 49-1 . "  In my opinion , he was unlucky in the first set . That 's my feeling , 6-2 was too much . Later , for sure I was very happy the way I played . I feel very , very sorry for him , " Nadal said . "  I think he 's playing probably the best tennis of his career , but probably not today , especially in the last set . I saw him suffering a little bit on court at the end . He 's one of my best friends on tour . " Fourth seed Murray had to fight harder against home hope Richard Gasquet , coming from behind to set up an intriguing quarterfinal with in-form Spaniard David Ferrer . "  We 've had some great matches , I 've known him since I was a young kid , he is an unbelievable talent , " said Murray , who leads their meetings 5-4 but has lost all three on clay . "  Every time I play against him I expect a very tough match . I 'll have to play really well to win . " Sixth seed Ferrer crushed compatriot Marcel Granollers 6-3 6-2 6-0 , while 12th seed Almagro defeated Serbia 's world No. 8 Janko Tipsarevic 6-4 6-4 6-4 . "  That win is one of the best moments of my career , " said Almagro , who has lost twice to Nadal in French Open quarterfinals . "  He 's the man on clay , and we are trying to be close to him . We are working hard to do our best . It 's another match , and I 'm ready to fight . " France will have one competitor in the last eight , as fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga completed a 6-4 7-6  8-6  3-6 3-6 6-4 win over Swiss No. 18 Stanislas Wawrinka after the match was halted due to bad light on Sunday . Tsonga , seeking to become the first French male to win the tournament since Yannick Noah in 1983 , will play world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in his first quarterfinal appearance at Roland Garros . The Serbian is seeking to become the first man since 1968 to hold all four grand slam titles , but has never made it to the final in Paris . "  It 's going to be a very difficult match . But obviously I 'll fight like a lion and we 'll see the result , " Tsonga said . Argentine ninth seed Juan Martin del Potro also progressed after a delayed match , with the 2009 U.S. Open champion beating Czech No. 7 Tomas Berdych 7-6  8-6  1-6 6-3 7-5 . The 23-year-old will next face world No. 3 Roger Federer , who beat him in the 2009 French Open semis before winning the title for the first and only time to complete his collection of grand slam crowns .	Rafael Nadal reaches French Open quarterfinals after crushing his friend Juan Monaco Second seed wins 17 games in a row to set up clash with compatriot Nicolas Almagro World No. 4 Andy Murray comes from behind to beat French 17th seed Richard Gasquet He will next face Spanish sixth seed David Ferrer , with the winner likely to meet Nadal
CNN  -- He has one eye , a thick beard streaked with henna and has lost a finger . He wears thick aviator-style dark glasses . At least we think so . There are very few photographs of 40-something Ilyas Kashmiri . But to counterterrorism officials on three continents , he is one of the most dangerous men in the world . Kashmiri is a veteran jihadist who in his early years fought the Indians in the disputed territory of Kashmir and the Russians in Afghanistan -- which is where he lost his eye . He famously escaped from an Indian jail and then fought with a unit of Pakistan 's special forces . And he is ruthless . Ten years ago , Indian troops carried out a raid into Pakistani-controlled Kashmir . Pakistani officials said 14 civilians , including several children , were slaughtered . The next day , Kashmiri led a retaliatory raid . He and his fighters kidnapped and beheaded an Indian army officer -- and later paraded his head through the bazaars of Pakistani-controlled Kashmir . But then , Kashmiri fell out with his sponsors in the Pakistani military . At one point , he was arrested in connection with an attempt to assassinate Pakistan 's president , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , in 2003 . For reasons unknown , Kashmiri was released a short time later . And that was where the trouble really started , when a local jihadist went viral , moving his base of operations from Pakistani Kashmir to North Waziristan . As commander of "  Brigade 313 , " part of Harakat-ul-Jihad-Islami  Movement for an Islamic Holy War  , Kashmiri formed a close relationship with al Qaeda in the wild frontier territory of Pakistan . Kashmiri 's No. 1 enemy is still India . His group was thought responsible for the bombing of a bakery popular with foreigners in Pune in 2009 . But there is plenty of evidence that he has ambitions beyond South Asia . David Coleman Headley , the U.S. citizen who confessed to helping scout targets for the Mumbai attack in November 2008 , said after his arrest that he had twice met Kashmiri . During questioning by India 's National Intelligence Agency , which was given access to him in Chicago , Illinois , in June , Headley said he 'd been taken to Pakistan 's tribal territories to meet Kashmiri early in 2009 . A copy of the interrogation obtained by CNN reveals that Kashmiri sent Headley on another trip to survey targets in India . One place he said he videotaped was the bakery that was later attacked in Pune . He also said Kashmiri had encouraged him to attack the offices of the Danish newspaper that published cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed . According to the indictment of Headley , Kashmiri told him he could "  provide manpower , weaponry and funding for the Denmark operations . " Headley says Kashmiri gave him $ 1,500 and told him to "  concentrate on the Denmark attack at the earliest . " Headley travelled to England , Sweden and Denmark to refine his plans , before being arrested at Chicago 's O'Hare International airport in October 2009 as he tried to leave for Pakistan . In a plea deal this year , Headley confessed to his involvement in both the Mumbai and Danish plots . Now intelligence sources on both sides of the Atlantic believe Kashmiri is trying to get teams into Europe that would launch coordinated Mumbai-style attacks in several cities . In those attacks , gunmen raided several buildings , including hotels , simultaneously , leaving 164 people dead . The British Home Secretary , Theresa May , said last week that police were receiving special training to handle such an attack . In a rare interview with Asia Times Online last year , Kashmiri boasted of those plans . The newspaper 's Islamabad reporter , Syed Saleem Shahzad , says he was taken to a secret location in North Waziristan in October 2009 for the interview . Kashmiri apparently wanted to use the occasion to refute claims that he 'd been killed in a drone strike near the town of Mir Ali the previous month . Shahzad describes meeting a tall , well-built man with a firm handshake . He asked him whether the world could expect more "  Mumbai-style " attacks . "  That was nothing compared to what has already been planned for the future , " Kashmiri replied . European intelligence officials are now anxious that "  the future " may be imminent , with al Qaeda looking to use people with Western passports in attacks -- Europeans and North Africans , for example . There are plenty of foreign fighters in Pakistan 's tribal regions -- as many as 10,000 , according to a Pakistani military commander . One of those fighters , Ahmed Sidiqi , was detained in Kabul , Afghanistan , last July and interrogated by U.S. forces at the Bagram Airfield . According to European counterterrorism sources , Sidiqi said he had met Kashmiri , though there is no confirmation that he did . Another man alleged to have sought out Kashmiri is Chicago taxi driver Raja Lahrasib Khan , who travelled to Pakistan in 2008 and 2009 . He was arrested this year in the United States and charged with attempting to provide support to al Qaeda . Court documents say Khan met Kashmiri , who had told him that he "  wanted to train operatives to conduct attacks in the United States . " The documents include a conversation Khan is alleged to have had with an unidentified conspirator about Kashmiri 's relationship with al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Khan told the unidentified conspirator that bin Laden gives orders to Kashmiri , and then Kashmiri transmits the orders to the mujahedeen . Khan has pleaded not guilty to the charges against him . Intelligence officials say that besides being an experienced operator , Kashmiri has also managed to navigate the often perilous waters of jihadist rivalries , attracting members of other Pakistani groups to his "  313 Brigade " and retaining a measure of autonomy despite pledging allegiance to al Qaeda . That 's probably in part because of his operational prowess . If bin Laden is al Qaeda 's "  spiritual " leader and Egyptian cleric Ayman al Zawahiri its philosopher , Kashmiri is the organization 's military brain . As one U.S. official puts it , Kashmiri is "  the key ingredient in the bad stew of senior terrorists who are planning operations in the region and beyond . "	Few photographs exist of Ilyas Kashmiri He 's forged a close relationship with al Qaeda A U.S. citizen who helped scout targets for the Mumbai bombings met with Kashmiri
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Prince Harry , the younger son of Britain 's Prince Charles and Princess Diana , offered his condolences to September 11 victims Friday in his first official trip overseas . Prince Harry , 24 , the third in line to Britain 's throne , is making his first official trip overseas . Harry 's two-day visit to New York , surrounded by public officials and community activists , could reflect a change in a public image that has been marred by several incidents , including a one-day stint in drug rehab in 2002 and accusations of racism in January . At the outset of his visit , Harry stopped at ground zero with New York Gov. David Paterson and briefly talked with family members of September 11 victims . The prince then laid a wreath at the World Trade Center site and bowed his head in a moment of silence . He left a handwritten note tacked to the wreath , citing an "  admiration of the courage shown by the people " of New York on September 11 , 2001 . Watch Harry lay a wreath at ground zero " Harry later paid tribute to his fellow citizens at Lower Manhattan 's British Garden at Hanover Square , where he honored the 67 British victims of the September 11 attacks , officials said . Harry 's trip will also take him uptown to the Harlem Children 's Zone , where he and Prince Seeiso of Lesotho hope to learn how the nonprofit has succeeded in supporting children in the low-income area , officials said . Following the example of his mother , Harry will use this trip to promote his own charity for children , Sentebale . Co-founded with Lesotho 's prince , the charity supports children in the sub-Saharan country who lost parents to AIDS . Also on Harry 's agenda is a meeting with veterans of the Iraq and Afghan wars , officials said . Harry , 24 , served for two months in Afghanistan as a Coalition Forces soldier in 2007 . The third in line for the British crown , Harry is active in the British Army . He received a promotion to lieutenant in April 2008 and is training for an Army Air Corps pilot position , according to the prince 's Web site .	Prince Harry meets with relatives of September 11 victims Third in line to British throne making first official visit overseas Harry , 24 , also will lay a wreath at ground zero Prince is using trip to promote his charity for children
CNN Senior Producer Sasha Johnson traveled to Coaldale , Pennsylvania , to talk to voters , including some members of her extended family , about how a typical small town like Coaldale might vote in 2008 and what issues are on their minds . Coaldale Mayor Claire Remington and her husband , Otis , talk politics in their kitchen COALDALE , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Coaldale is a borough of 2,200 , nestled in the anthracite-rich mountains in the northeastern part of Pennsylvania . It 's exactly the type of place Sen. Barack Obama referenced last week when he said some Pennsylvanians were "  bitter " over their poor economic situation . Obama said he regretted the word choice but continued to argue that some voters feel desperate . After spending a day talking with Coaldale voters , it seems to me the anger Obama described in his now controversial comments might not have been too far off the mark . "  It 's time for the politicians to come down to our level , " said Ruth Weiss during the lunch hour at Tommy 's , Coaldale 's only casual eatery among a row of shuttered shops and next to a 60-year-old movie theater that has survived . "  People ca n't afford food . I 'm paying for oil for the restaurant out of my own Social Security check . " Ruth and her husband , Tommy , describe their small pizza and sub restaurant on East Phillips Street as a "  country store , " a place where the regulars can gather to talk , share a meal or -- as is the case lately -- sip a cup of coffee . "  This is my business , but people ca n't afford it , " said Ruth . She detailed the myriad of problems she and others are facing -- rising gas prices , increased taxes , out of control food and prescription costs . It is no wonder , she said , people ca n't afford lunch or dinner at the restaurant they 've owned for 25 years . Coaldale 's history I did not find Coaldale 's quiet streets by accident . My Russian Orthodox grandmother was born here and some family still lives in and around the house on Fisher Avenue where she and her nine siblings grew up while their father worked the mines . Coaldale , like many other small Pennsylvania communities , has seen better times . Back in the 1930s , when the surrounding hills were bustling with anthracite mining , around 7,000 people lived here . By the 1950s , the mines were closing . In the 30 years that followed , the garment factories in and around town shut down . Today , many of Coaldale 's residents are elderly and on fixed incomes . The cost of living is low , so there is the occasional new neighbor , but the shrinking population and tough economic times could force the closure of several churches , forcing people to worship elsewhere . Without a grocery store or a single stoplight , my great-uncle John Zenzel frequently jokes , "  Coaldale is more boring than Mayberry . " Coaldale and the '08 election Claire Remington , Coaldale 's mayor since 2001 and lifelong resident , said her constituents are "  tightlipped " about who will get their vote in the primary . On a drive through town , only a "  Ron Paul for President " yard sign could be found . Remington says the town is roughly split between Democrats and Republicans , a change from past elections . Historically , Coaldale -- like Schuylkill County at-large -- has leaned Republican . This election season , however , the county has mirrored trends across the state -- more voters switching to the Democratic Party and more new voters registering as Democrats . "  I 'm a die-hard Republican , but I have to say this year things are going to be a little different for me , " said Remington , who is part of the town 's tight-knit Russian Orthodox community . "  The party is going to be upset with me , but I feel that we need a change . " At this point Remington plans to cast a write-in vote for Obama in the primary . She joins her husband , Otis , in supporting Obama . "  This time around I 'm dead set against voting for Hillary Clinton , " said Otis , a longtime Democrat and retired Navy reservist . "  As far as Barack goes , he 's young , he 's inexperienced , he 's new , but I think given a chance he could be a good president . " Claire said she is reluctant to advertise her support for Obama in the form of a yard sign because she fears her neighbors would think she is supporting him because Otis is African-American . Claire is white . The two conceded race is an underlying factor in voters ' decisions , and both cited the state 's rainbow of immigrant ethnic groups and Gov. Ed Rendell 's comment that an African-American might have trouble winning statewide . "  I do think he 's right , " she said . "  I hope he 's wrong , though . " Both Otis and Claire describe a visceral reaction to Clinton . They say they ca n't shake the memories of Whitewater or the belief that President Bill Clinton could have done more for the military during his time in the White House . Back down the hill at Tommy 's , Ruth and Tommy Weiss will gladly cast their primary ballot for Clinton . Tommy says Obama is an unknown and believes Clinton will be a "  good start , although we do n't expect her to do everything . " They are both comforted by the fact that Bill Clinton would play some role in his wife 's administration -- but they want her to have the final say . "  She 'll hold him at bay when she needs to , " said Tommy . Neither of the Weisses could say for sure they would vote for Obama if he were their party 's nominee in November . John Zenzel , a World War II Navy veteran , has been waiting "  a long time " to vote for Clinton . He believes she deserves "  another chance " to revamp health care , something he is banking on as his yearly health insurance costs approach $ 3,000 . Zenzel , 82 , still lives in the house where he was born and raised . As the April 22 primary approaches , he is not banking on any of the candidates paying a visit to his sleepy town but that does n't diminish his excitement or hope that a new president will ease the daily hardships that he and his neighbors face . The last time Zenzel remembers a White House aspirant coming anywhere near the borough was in 1960 when John F. Kennedy drove through nearby Hometown and Tamaqua . Zenzel remembers waiting on the street and jumping through the crowd to shake Kennedy 's hand . E-mail to a friend	Coaldale is the type of town Barack Obama described last week Obama offended some by saying small-town Pennsylvanians were "  bitter " Coaldale faces shrinking population , tough economic times Local residents give a glimpse into the minds of small-town voters
BANGOR , Maine  CNN  -- Karen Walker has shaken half a million hands in the last few years -- at least that 's her best guess . Korean War veteran Don Guptill greets a returning soldier at Bangor International Airport in Maine . She and the other 40 or so members of the Maine Troop Greeters have made it their mission to welcome every incoming and outbound flight of soldiers and Marines who use Bangor International Airport as a refueling stop . No matter what time of day or night , there will always be applause , handshakes and hugs to make the troops feel appreciated . The goal is clear : "  Greet the troops , and thank them for what they do , " says Korean War veteran Don Guptill . Watch the volunteers in action " Guptill says he remembers coming home from that conflict and receiving no welcome at all . Guptill and other veterans , including those who served in Vietnam and World War II , were determined not to let that happen again . For those heading to Iraq or Afghanistan , the recognition is noticed and greatly appreciated , troops say . "  It makes me feel good , " said one soldier headed out on his first deployment . "  I 'm a little nervous , " he continued , adding that the warm greeting helped ease his nerves . Another soldier , firmly shaking the hands in line , said , "  This is fantastic . These people are wonderful for coming down . " The group of volunteers first started during the Persian Gulf War in 1991 and continued following the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . As of October , the group has seen off 3,598 flights , 727,292 troops and 135 military dogs , according to the greeters . Besides the support of the receiving line , troops also are offered snacks and the use of a cell phone to call their loved ones , free of charge . "  All they do is put an ID card down and pick up a phone , " says Bill Knight , who stands behind a counter giving out the phones . Cell phone carriers donate the minutes . The airport donates the room where Knight works . Once a duty-free shop , it 's now decorated with flags , unit patches , pins , photos and other items given to the Maine Troop Greeters as a show of appreciation from the many units that have passed through the airport . While the firm grips of so many soldiers sometimes can make the greeters ' hands a little sore , the volunteers get used to the strong handshakes . "  They used to -LSB- cause tenderness -RSB- , " Walker says , "  but not anymore . " When a handshake wo n't do , some military men and women will reach out and just hug the person who came by to welcome them home . Meeting the troops also tugs at the emotions of the greeters . "  It 's a good feeling , " Guptill says . "  Some days it 's a tear-jerker . " After about an hour and a half on the ground , it 's time for an outbound flight to take off and head to a war zone . The greeters line up again to wish the soldiers well as they head up the ramp to the plane , thanking them for their service . Guptill says if the war ended tomorrow it would be fine with them , but adds , "  We 'll do this until this thing ends . "	Maine Troop Greeters welcome soldiers and Marines at Bangor International Airport The mission includes troops returning from or heading to a war zone "  It makes me feel good , " says one soldier headed out on his first deployment Troops also are offered snacks and the use of a cell phone to call their loved ones
John Walker Jr. , a former U.S. Navy officer convicted of spying decades ago for the Soviet Union , has died in federal prison , according to the U.S. government . Walker , 77 , died Thursday at a federal correctional facility in Butner , North Carolina , the Federal Bureau of Prisons said . The agency 's website indicated Walker was scheduled to be released on parole within the year . Authorities said Walker stole , then sold , codes to help unlock encrypted Navy messages , which allowed the Soviets to monitor American military assets . Walker pleaded guilty to running a spy ring that included his brother , son and good friend . The spying went on from 1968 to 1985 , when he was arrested by the FBI -- caught in part due to a tip from his ex-wife . Walker joined the Navy in 1955 as radioman and served on board six different vessels in the first decade of his career . The impersonal nature of serving on large vessels took a personal toll on him ; Walker became even more politically disillusioned after President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , and eventually started selling secrets to Moscow , according to a profile of Walker in Naval History magazine . "  Walker 's information not only provided us with ongoing intelligence , but helped us over time to understand and study how your military actually thinks , " Soviet spy chief Boris Solomatin told author Pete Earley . U.S. officials later said Walker 's actions did significant damage to national security . Walker 's spying gave the Soviet Union "  access to weapons and sensor data and naval tactics , terrorist threats , and surface , submarine , and airborne training , readiness and tactics , " the late U.S. Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger said . Walker 's brother , Arthur -- a retired Navy lieutenant commander -- died last month in the same prison . He was 79 . Michael Walker , John 's son , was released in 2000 after serving 15 years in prison . The youngest Walker also served in the Navy .	Walker 's spy ring included his brother and son , according to the FBI He was scheduled to be released on parole within the year His brother died in the same prison in July
A pro-al Qaeda group responsible for a previous armed assault on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi is the chief suspect in Tuesday 's attack that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya , sources tracking militant Islamist groups in eastern Libya say . They also note that the attack immediately followed a call from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri for revenge for the death in June of Abu Yahya al-Libi , a senior Libyan member of the terror group . The group suspected to be behind the assault -- the Imprisoned Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades -- first surfaced in May when it claimed responsibility for an attack on the International Red Cross office in Benghazi . The following month the group claimed responsibility for detonating an explosive device outside the U.S. Consulate and later released a video of that attack . Noman Benotman , once a leading member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group and now based at the Quilliam Foundation in London told CNN , "  An attack like this would likely have required preparation . This would not seem to be merely a protest which escalated . " Slain ambassador died ` trying to help build a better Libya ' "  According to our sources , the attack was the work of roughly 20 militants , prepared for a military assault ; it is rare that an RPG7 is present at a peaceful protest , " Benotman said . "  According to our sources , the attack against the consulate had two waves . The first attack led to U.S. officials being evacuated from the consulate by Libyan security forces , only for the second wave to be launched against U.S. officials after they were kept in a secure location . " That analysis is supported by U.S. sources who say the attack on the consulate is believed to have been pre-planned . The sources say the attackers used the protest as a diversion to launch the attack , although the sources could not say if the attackers instigated the protest or merely took advantage of it . The sources do not believe the ambassador was directly targeted . Libyan Deputy Interior Minister Wanis al-Sharif , speaking at a news conference in Benghazi on Wednesday , said that "  among the protesters , there were some who infiltrated the march to start chaos . " Six things to know about the attack Benotman , who had earlier warned of the likelihood of renewed attacks against U.S. interest in Libya , said the Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades is a prime suspect in the Benghazi attack Tuesday . He believes it is likely the deadly attack was also linked to a video statement released by al-Zawahiri on the 11th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . In the video , al-Zawahiri confirmed the death of al-Libi -- a prominent member of the al Qaeda-linked group -- adding : "  His blood is calling , urging and inciting you to fight and kill the crusaders . " The video released by the Brigades in June showed nighttime explosions around the consulate , interlaced with footage of Osama bin Laden and al-Zawahiri , along with images from the 9/11 attacks . At the time the Brigades claimed it had launched the attack in response to the first reports of al-Libi 's death in a drone strike in the tribal areas of Pakistan . Notably , the Brigades said the June 5 attack was also timed to coincide with preparations for the arrival of a senior U.S. State Department official . "  The time frame of attacks shows that the group has been following and actively involved in gathering information about the activities of diplomatic missions in the country , " Benotman wrote in a June briefing paper on the group . He adds that it appears the Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades was also responsible for a rocket attack against the convoy of the British ambassador in Benghazi on June 11 and an attack against the Red Cross in Misrata on June 12 . Libyan and Western security officials tell CNN that al Qaeda has taken advantage of a security vacuum to build up a presence in eastern Libya . A senior Libyan official told CNN in June that the United States had flown surveillance missions with drones over suspected jihadist training camps in eastern Libya . The official said that , to the best of his knowledge , they had not been used to fire missiles at militant training camps in the area . Ambassador 's killing shines light on Muslim sensitivities around Prophet Mohammed Another Libyan official told CNN at the same time that five radical Islamist militant commanders were operating in the Derna area , with 200 to 300 men under their command in camps in the area . Ironically , Christopher Stevens -- the U.S. ambassador killed in Tuesday 's attack -- had written extensively about the rise of Salafist factions in and around Derna in a 2008 diplomatic cable . As CNN has previously reported , one of militant commanders , according to several sources , is Abdulbasit Azuz , a long-time associate of al-Zawahiri . Azuz was dispatched by al-Zawahiri to Libya from Pakistan 's tribal areas in the spring of 2011 to create a foothold for al Qaeda in Libya , the sources say . Azuz is a veteran jihadist who fought the Soviet-backed government in Afghanistan in the early 1990s , according to several sources . He later moved to the United Kingdom , where he increasingly came on the radar screen of British security services for his radical recruitment efforts in Manchester . In the period after the July 2005 London bombings , he was detained in the Belmarsh high-security prison and placed under a control order , according to the sources . He left the United Kingdom in 2009 and traveled to the tribal areas of Pakistan , according to the sources . According to one source , Azuz has dispatched men as far west as Ajdabiya and Brega in his attempt to build up al Qaeda operations in eastern Libya . According to Libyan security sources , within the militant ranks in Derna there are 20 to 30 hardcore jihadist fighters who are cause for most concern . One source said a number of Egyptian jihadists are also present in the Derna area , as well as fighters belonging to al Qaeda 's North African affiliate , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Another militant whose activities have caused concern in eastern Libya is Sufian bin Qumu , a released Guantanamo detainee who is believed to be operating a camp in a remote area outside Derna . His detainee assessment at the prison camp described him as having a "  long-term association with Islamist extremist Jihad and members of Al-Qaida and other extremist groups . " Libyan officials confirmed his presence in the area to CNN in June . Townsend : Libya has been suffering ` fragile security ' Libyan security services have so far not moved against the militants , casting doubt over their ability to bring security to the country . Many areas are still dominated by brigades that fought to topple Libya strongman Moammar al-Gadhafi and bands of heavily armed young men who have turned to criminality . Derna has for years been a recruiting ground for al Qaeda . In his 2008 cable , Stevens described the area as "  a wellspring of Libyan foreign fighters " for al Qaeda in Iraq , and outlined how high youth unemployment , discrimination by the Gadhafi regime and the influence of veteran Libyan jihadists from Afghanistan all played a role in radicalizing a new generation . In recent months , hardline Salafists have increasingly asserted themselves in eastern Libya . In June hundreds of fighters wielding AK-47s and black Islamist banners converged on Benghazi to call for the imposition of sharia law . This spring al-Zawahiri 's associate Azuz was confident enough to address a large gathering in the town square of Derna , an online video of which has been seen by CNN . Stevens warned in '08 about extremists near Benghazi Collectively , some of the Salafist and jihadist elements in eastern Libya began to become known as Ansar al Sharia , or "  Partisans of Sharia . " According to reports , eyewitnesses have claimed Ansar al Sharia was responsible for organizing the demonstration outside the U.S. Consulate . But Benotman told CNN Ansar al Sharia is not really a grouping at all but rather a term applied to an amorphous coalition of Islamist and Salafist groups in eastern Libya with no leadership structure . Despite concerns over the growing audacity of Salafist-jihadist groups , the victory of secular parties in elections in July had created a measure of optimism about Libya 's future . Benotman tells CNN the reality is that a large majority of Libyans , including the majority of Islamists , are opposed to al Qaeda 's ideology of global jihad . He predicts a backlash against the perpetrators of the attack . "  People will curse them for this , " he told CNN . Nic Robertson : Al Qaeda leader 's brother offers peace plan	One expert suspects the Imprisoned Omar Abdul Rahman Brigades The group claimed responsibility in June for an explosive device outside the consulate The attack immediately followed a call for revenge issued by al Qaeda 's leader
CNN  -- SpaceX 's Dragon spaceship splashed down Saturday in the Pacific Ocean , returning from a four-week resupply mission to the International Space Station and bringing back a valuable payload of potentially groundbreaking experiments . Dragon , an unmanned spacecraft , successfully came down about 300 miles west of Baja California just after 3:30 p.m. EST , carrying a return load weighing 3,276 pounds , NASA said in a press release . Dragon was expected to be hauled to a port near Los Angeles where some of the cargo would be removed almost immediately , the space agency said , while the rest of the research aboard the rocket will return to SpaceX 's facility at McGregor , Texas , for further processing . SpaceX is a private company that has contracted with NASA to fly missions to the ISS since NASA retired its shuttle fleet in 2011 . "  This mission enabled research critical to achieving NASA 's goal of long-duration human spaceflight in deep space , " said Sam Scimemi , director of the International Space Station division at NASA Headquarters . One of the experiments scientists are hoping yields information to help further deep space exploration involves mice . It 's called the Rodent Research-1 . Part of that experiment has returned aboard the Dragon . The study focuses on "  ongoing research on how microgravity affects animals , providing information relevant to human spaceflight , discoveries in basic biology and knowledge that may directly affect human health on Earth , NASA said . The Dragon also delivered a 3-D printer to the ISS during its mission , to test the ability to produce parts cheaply and on demand , and a device called the ISS-RapidScat that will measure the winds on the Earth 's oceans for climate and weather research . "  The delivery of the ISS RapidScatterometer advances our understanding of Earth science , and the 3-D printer will enable a critical technology demonstration , " Scimemi said . Also critical to extended space travel is a dependable food supply . A study on arugula plant growth returned aboard the Dragon . The research hopes to determine the impact of various nutrients and microgravity on seedlings from the leafy vegetable that are grown in space . Scientists hope the experiment will help them learn the best ways to grow plants in space with the highest nutritional content . The Dragon delivered a total of 255 science experiments to the ISS during its fourth of 12 planned SpaceX resupply missions to the space station through 2016 . The next SpaceX flight is set to lift off sometime after December 1 . It will also deliver crew supplies and cargo to the International Space Station , including CATS , the Cloud-Aerosol Transport System . CATS is a laser instrument that will measure clouds and particles in the atmosphere , including pollution , dust and smoke . NASA recently announced it was awarding $ 6.8 billion contracts to SpaceX and Boeing to shuttle cargo and astronauts to and from the ISS . Since NASA 's space shuttle program was retired in 2011 , astronauts have been hitching rides on the Soyuz spacecraft , at a cost of $ 70 million per seat . Both Boeing and SpaceX 's crafts will go through a certification process first . The target date to begin manned missions is 2017 . CNN 's Natalie Snedden contributed to this report .	SpaceX 's Dragon successfully returns from fourth ISS resupply mission NASA : Mission carried critical research for human space exploration Dragon delivered 3-D printer and device to measure Earth 's ocean winds Next mission could come before year 's end
CNN  -- As protests continue over the disputed presidential elections in Iran , we asked two analysts to explain the background to the controversy . Supporters of President Ahmadinejad wave flags at a massive rally in Tehran Sunday to celebrate his victory . Q  What degree of election monitoring is there in Iran ? A  The problem with this election , according to London-based Mideast analyst Amir Taheri , is that there is no independent monitoring at all in Iran with the interior ministry arguing that the Council of the Guardians of the Constitution , a "  star chamber " of 12 mullahs , would have that role . "  Candidates are not allowed to be present at polling stations during voting or counting . Many voters are illiterate and officials help them fill in their ballot papers , so the possibilities for rigging are immense . And there are no booths in the polling stations so voting is done in public , not in private -- a major obstacle for transparency , " Taheri said . So the problem for opposition candidates in this election , said Taheri , the author of "  The Persian Night , " is that there are no concrete examples of fraud because there was no monitoring . "  You could say all of Iran 's 10 presidential elections have been fraudulent or that all were fair -- we just do n't know . All have been held in the same way . The whole electoral process from the vetting of candidates to voting and ballot counting is conducted by the state . " Q  So is it possible that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad did win the election ? A  The president does indeed have great public support in Iran , Taheri said , adding that "  I 'm sure he did win the election but it 's impossible he won 63 percent of the vote . The results probably exaggerated the scale of his support . " According to official results , Ahmadinejad won in all regions and among all classes and ages -- again , something that Taheri said was unlikely , "  but I ca n't prove it . " Had he not exaggerated the scale of his victory , Taheri said , unlike in previous presidential elections , it is possible there would n't be the outcry there is now . "  Many Iranians feel insulted by the results because they feel their vote did n't count . Everybody knows , for instance that Ahmadinejad is unpopular in cities but he still won the vote there . That is why people are so angry . " Another Iran expert Karim Sadjadpour agreed , saying he believed this was "  a stolen election . " Watch Sadjadpour explain why election was "  stolen " " "  There are a lot of signs there were major improprieties . First of all there were 40 million votes cast and just two hours after the polls had closed they announced Ahmadinejad 's victory : and these votes are hand counted in Iran ... Sadjadpour , an associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , added : "  Another example I give is that  opposition leader Mir Hossein  Moussavi , who is an ethnic Azeri Turk , lost the province of Iranian Azerbaijan . This is the equivalent of Barack Obama losing the African American vote to John McCain in 2008 . " Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the record voter turnout in Friday 's election showed Iranians value "  resistance against oppressors , " the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . "  Pointing to enemies ' massive propaganda campaign to discourage people from taking part in the elections , Ayatollah Khamenei also said there was really a divine miracle behind this elections , given its results that was 10 million higher than any of the previous ones in the 30-year history of elections in Iran , " IRNA reported . Q  Will the anger and protests on the streets subside or grow into something much greater ? A  Much depends on what the opposition candidates do in coming days , according to Sadjadpour . "  We 've never in the 30-year history of the Islamic republic seen the revolutionary elite so divided , " he said . Former centrist president Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a founding father of the Islamic republic , and Moussavi are now both opposition candidates . "  They feel the election was stolen from them and that the majority of public support is on their side . They 're planning more public protests so this tumult may not subside any time soon . " Gallery : Emotions run high after election " Q  How will the regime deal with these protests ? A  Iran 's leaders "  have repression down to a science , " said Sadjadpour . "  Before the election they ease political and social restrictions because they want to project a democratic face to the world . But at times like these when rallies are getting out of hand they use overwhelming force to nip them in the bud . So I anticipate more use of force to ensure they do n't get out of hand . " Watch report on latest violence in Iran " Q  What will the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei do ? A  This is the big question and there were reports on Monday he would agree to an investigation into allegations of vote rigging . Speaking earlier , Sadjadpour said he felt the supreme leader would not intervene unless he felt his sustainability as leader was at stake . "  The reason why is that I believe he was behind this power grab . Ahmadinejad was his candidate so he 's not exactly an objective actor . Opposition candidates are trying to appeal to Khamenei before they take to the streets but I 'm not sure how he walks back from this . " Q  What does four more years of Ahmadinejad mean for Iran and the rest of the world ? A  The big problem the United States and Europe is to stop Iran from going nuclear and Ahmadinejad 's reelection means Iran 's aggressive policy towards the West is not going to change . "  I feel the results are quite disastrous , " said Sadjadpour . "  In terms of the U.S.-Iran relationship , Ahmadinejad 's mere presence could well serve as an insurmountable obstacle to confidence building . He presses the worst buttons in the context of domestic U.S. politics with his denial of the Holocaust and belligerence towards Israel . Domestically in Iran he has profoundly mismanaged the economy with one of the highest inflation rates in the world and high unemployment . " However according to TIME magazine , behind closed doors the White House may be relieved by the result . Despite the attention paid to the office of the Iranian presidency , nuclear policy is set by the country 's religious leaders and appear determined to amass enriched uranium whether or not a hard-liner or a moderate is president , the magazine said Monday . "  Ahmadinejad 's win may increase Washington 's chances of getting tougher sanctions on Iran if they refuse to negotiate , " TIME reported senior Administration officials as saying .	Analysts explain background to allegations of ballot fraud in Iran 's elections Difficult to prove fraud in absence of any independent monitoring of voting President Ahmadinejad has exaggerated scale of support , analysts say Protests set to continue but regime often cracks down on dissenters , they say
CNN  -- Timekeeping in the United States , which was already a pretty precise science involving lasers and atomic particles , just got even more exact . A new atomic clock , so accurate it will lose or gain only one second every 300 million years , was unveiled Thursday by the National Institute of Standards and Technology , a branch of the U.S. Department of Commerce . The NIST-F2 had been in development for about a decade and is three times more accurate than the F1 , which has been in use since 1999 . The institute will continue operating both clocks for now at its campus in Boulder , Colorado . The clock is used for civilian purposes in the United States and its data is shared with the International Bureau of Weights and Measures in Paris . The clocks work by using lasers to create a fountain of cesium atoms . "  Pings " from those atoms as they move are counted to measure the exact length of a second . Tom O'Brian , chief of NIST 's time and frequency division , said the F2 was made more accurate by lowering the temperature of the area surrounding it . All that is fine . But why go to all this trouble ? Most of us wo n't get fired for being a few trillionths of a second late for work , right ? Well , no . But many of the systems we use in our high-tech world need to be a lot more precise . "  Modern telecommunication networks require synchronization to about a millionth of a second per day , " O'Brian said . "  Power grids also ...  and  GPS systems require about 1 billionth of a second per day . "  All of these technologies , and many more that we use every day , rely on exquisite timing and synchronization that is only possible with atomic clocks . " The NIST-F2 is expected to lose about one trillionth of a second per day . That 's way more accuracy than any of today 's technology needs and , hopefully , will be plenty for the next generation of innovation as well . "  If we 've learned anything in the last 60 years of building atomic clocks , we 've learned that every time we build a better clock , somebody comes up with a use for it that you could n't have foreseen , " says physicist Steven Jefferts , lead designer of NIST-F2 . So , is the NIST-F2 as good as it gets ? Not really . While it might be the most accurate atomic clock to use cesium , researchers say there are already clocks that use other atoms being tested and that those are even more precise . Some of those divide time into units more than 100 times more accurate than even the brand-new F2 , O'Brian said . "  I think all those clocks are going to be so good that we 're really going to have to change our perspective about what we mean by ` time ' , " he said .	New U.S. atomic clock is unveiled Thursday The NIST-F2 will lose only one second every 300 million years It 's three times more precise than last clock used in the United States GPS , telecommunications , other tech require high precision
CNN  -- Best-selling author Malcolm Gladwell , no stranger to provocative opinions , is at it again . During a recent interview in Toronto , Gladwell said that people a half-century from now will revere Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates but will have no clear memory of his longtime tech rival , Apple chief Steve Jobs . "  Of the great entrepreneurs of this era , people will have forgotten Steve Jobs . ` Who was Steve Jobs again ? ' But ... there will be statues of Bill Gates across the Third World , " Gladwell said . "  There 's a reasonable shot that -- because of his money -- we will cure malaria . " Of Gates , whose foundation has given more than $ 2 billion to causes around the world , Gladwell said : "  I firmly believe that 50 years from now he will be remembered for his charitable work . No one will even remember what Microsoft is . " Gladwell made the comments late last month during a public appearance at the Toronto Public Library . His remarks began drawing attention this week after the library posted a video clip of the interview online  the Gates-Jobs stuff starts around the 9:30 mark  . Gladwell 's popular nonfiction books include "  Blink " and "  The Tipping Point . " His most recent book , "  Outliers , " attempts to explain what factors separate highly successful people from average ones . "  We need to be clear when we venerate entrepreneurs what we are venerating , " Gladwell said in Toronto . "  They are not moral leaders . If they were moral leaders , they would n't be great businessmen . " Gladwell did not elaborate on why he believes Jobs ' legacy wo n't endure , although he made some unflattering comments about the late Apple co-founder , who died in October 2011 . "  Every single idea he ever had came from somebody else . And he would be the first to say this . He would also take credit for things . He was shameless . He was an extraordinarily brilliant businessman and entrepreneur . He was also a self-promoter on a level that we have rarely seen . " Even so , Gladwell said he was fascinated by Walter Isaacson 's recent biography of Jobs . For him , the most extraordinary moment in the book came near the end , when Jobs lay on his deathbed but refused to wear an oxygen mask because of its inelegant design . "  To him it was like making him send his final e-mails using Windows , " Gladwell said , to laughter from the audience . "  A man has to draw the line somewhere , right ? "	Author Malcolm Gladwell : In time , "  people will have forgotten Steve Jobs " Gladwell : "  There will be statues of Bill Gates across the Third World " He made the comments during a recent public appearance at the Toronto Public Library
CNN  -- President Barack Obama passed his recent physical in excellent condition , according to White House physician Dr. Jeff Kuhlman . The physical -- the president 's first since February 2010 -- was conducted last week . It included testing for colon and prostate cancer and diabetes -- all of which were negative -- as well as measures of blood pressure and vision . At 50 years of age , the president continues to have uncorrected 20/20 vision , according to Kuhlman 's report . Obama , who early in his administration categorized himself as "  a former smoker " but conceded "  there are times I mess up , " was found to be "  tobacco free , " according to a two-page summary of Kuhlman 's report released by the White House . The report says that the president occasionally drinks alcohol in moderation , which has been linked to good heart health , and that he "  eats a healthy diet . " Specifically , the report said Obama , who stands 6 feet 1 inch tall , "  stays at a healthy weight " at 181.3 pounds . His blood pressure measured normal at 107/71 mm Hg and his heart rate was measured at 67 beats per minute . Obama 's cholesterol measures were categorized by Kuhlman as " ` ideal ' with a calculated 10-year coronary heart disease risk of low  2 %  . " Kuhlman summarized that "  the President is in excellent health and ` fit for duty . ' All clinical data indicate he will remain so for the duration of his Presidency . " Obama 's next full physical will occur at the end of next year . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	The president passes his physical in "  excellent health " At age 50 , Obama continues to have uncorrected 20/20 vision Obama is "  tobacco free , " the White House doctor says
CNN  -- Two Irish Republican Army dissidents were found guilty Friday of murdering a police officer in a killing that shocked Northern Ireland three years ago . Catholic constable Stephen Carroll , 48 , was shot dead when paramilitaries used an emergency call to lure police into an ambush in Craigavon , County Armagh , in March 2009 . The Continuity IRA admitted it set up the attack , which took place just 48 hours after two British soldiers were killed by another splinter group , the Real IRA , in an ambush outside an army base in Antrim , Northern Ireland . The killings led to ex-IRA commander Martin McGuinness describing dissidents as "  traitors to Ireland " -- a comment that led to his life being threatened by groups that contain old comrades . McGuinness is now deputy first minister in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government and , along with the mainstream IRA , has renounced violence . One of those found guilty Friday of the police officer 's murder -- Brendan McConville , 40 -- was formerly an elected public representative of the Sinn Fein party led by McGuinness and Gerry Adams . The other man convicted -- John Paul Wootton , 20 -- was just 17 at the time of Carroll 's killing . Both men are from the district where the gun attack took place . The accused chose not to take the stand to defend themselves , but through their lawyers maintained their innocence throughout the nine-week trial at Belfast Crown Court . However , Friday , the judge , Lord Justice Paul Girvan , said forensic and witness evidence proved the men were "  intimately involved " in the killing . The judge added that both defendants were "  active and committed supporters of a republican campaign of violence . " Girvan branded the killing "  callous and cowardly " and said Carroll was shot dead simply because he was a police officer . The judge said the two murderers deserved life in prison . The minimum amount of time they must serve before being considered for release from prison will be set at a future hearing . Constable Carroll 's widow , Kate , embraced her son when the guilty verdicts were delivered . Wootton 's mother had in February pleaded guilty to obstructing the investigation into the killing . Sharon Wootton , 39 , admitted moving computer equipment from her home to another address after police raids on the house . Carroll was the first member of the Police Service of Northern Ireland to be murdered on duty . The force was called the Royal Ulster Constabulary before a reorganization in 2001 . Over 300 members of the constabulary were killed and almost 9,000 were injured during the Northern Ireland conflict between pro-British and pro-Irish forces . IRA splinter groups have remained active since the signing of the Good Friday peace agreement in 1998 .	IRA dissidents Brendan McConville , 40 , and John Paul Wootton , 20 , are found guilty Catholic constable Stephen Carroll , 48 , was shot dead in 2009 The judge says evidence proved the men were "  intimately involved " in the killing
CNN  -- Deepa , 40 , was born in Mumbai , where she is now a banking technology consultant , as well as running a company that offers "  offbeat sightseeing tours " of six Indian cities , including Mumbai , Delhi and Jaipur . Deepa Krishnan : "  When you live in Mumbai you feel like you 're in the nerve center of the country . " Deepa 's Mumbai tours take in the city 's bazaars , backstreets and culture and her blog , Mumbai Magic , is a personal view of life in the city . CNN : How does Mumbai compare to those other cities your company offers tour of ? Deepa : Mumbai is a very young city by Indian standards , only 500 years old , whereas a city like Delhi is really ancient . Mumbai used to be a fishing hamlet and it grew after the British arrived . So it 's a young city and one that has been formed by migrants . Almost everyone in Mumbai has arrived here in the course of the last few generations , and so the city has a vibrancy and cosmopolitanism that is different from other cities . CNN : What makes Mumbai special to you ? Deepa : The fact that I am so grounded here -- I was born here and four generations of my family live here . But also , Mumbai is on the move , it 's vibrant , it 's accepting of change and it 's got a very active citizenry . It 's the one place where you can make a mark , where you can make a difference . When you live in Mumbai you feel like you 're in the nerve center of the country . You feel like all the big events are near you and you 're connected to everything . In other cities I tend to feel more remote . If there 's a new play it premieres in Mumbai , if there 's a new band they play in Mumbai -- everything happens here . We 're close to the center of commerce and I would rather be close to the center of commerce than the center of politics ! What makes Mumbai special to you ? Let us know CNN : What are your favorite parts of the city ? Deepa : I think my favorite is a place called Bhuleshwar . It 's the "  native " bazaar area that sprang up outside the old British fort . It 's got a certain colorful energy and retains its 18th Century-feel to some extent . Everything under the sun can be bought there ; it 's got a spice market , a jewelry market . It 's a busy , bustling area where a lot of trade happens , so I love it . CNN : Where do people go if they want to escape Mumbai 's bustle ? Deepa : We head out of the city -- we run for the hills ! We go to the Western Ghats , which is a mountain range that runs parallel to the coast , barely a two-hour drive from where I live . "  There 's climbing and a whole bunch of very interesting mountain forts to explore ; there 's whitewater rafting , paragliding , cycling . Ecologically , it 's a very bio-diverse area so it attracts photography enthusiasts and bird watchers . We 're very lucky that we 're so close to it . We also have a lot of beaches just outside the city and they are popular as well . Within the city there are little enclaves of peace -- even in Bhuleshwar market there are temple complexes where there 's a surprising silence compared to the bustle of the streets . We also have our seaside promenades where we love to hang out . The young , who have no other place to go , find romance on Marine Drive and Bandra Bandstand . It 's Mumbai 's version of Lovers Lane -- except the lane is wide open ! CNN : What 's a typical weekend in Mumbai ? Deepa : We party quite hard , so Saturday and Sunday evenings are days when you go out with friends and family . There are a huge number of restaurants with all sorts of cuisines on offer . There are some great clubs -- my favorite right now is a place called The Blue Frog -- and there 's an active cultural scene . Alongside all the partying we 're all in a mad race to lose weight and look good . Bollywood is helping men wake up to the fact that there 's nothing wrong with a well-toned physique . In all the suburbs of Mumbai there 's a mushrooming of places where young guys are pumping iron and trying to be ` he-men . ' CNN : Do you think the city 's changed since the terrorist attacks last November ? Deepa : Yes , I think there 's a hardening of stances and an unwillingness to accept platitudes . I also think there is increased uneasiness between communities . CNN : Has tourism been affected by the attacks ? Deepa : My own business went bust for two weeks . For two weeks I had nothing but cancellations in Mumbai and I was only saved by the fact that I was doing business in other cities . But then business picked up again . My first clients after the attacks were a Jewish American couple and I was heartened by the faith and support they showed for Mumbai . Mumbai also gets big tour groups that arrive by bus and I think that kind of group tour has lessened , but my business gets more independent travelers and they are still coming . People choose to respond to crises more positively than we think they will and I 'm seeing very strong individual responses . CNN : If Mumbai was a person what would he or she be like ? Deepa : This is a city which is strangely beautiful and strangely warty . At its heart this city is about money , it 's a city of exchange and commerce , so it would be a trader or a wheeler dealer -- someone who 's on the move , making deals and making money !	Deepa lives in Mumbai , where her company runs "  offbeat sightseeing tours " She says Mumbai is younger and more cosmopolitan than most Indian cities People in the city party hard , she says -- and there 's an active cultural scene Last November 's terrorist attacks have increased tension in the city , she says
CNN  -- "  The Adventures of Tintin " is the first of two Steven Spielberg movies to hit theaters this week , the second being "  War Horse , " on Christmas Day . "  Tintin " is the obvious popcorn movie of the two , the crowd-pleaser : "  Jurassic Park " to the other 's prestige-hungry "  Schindler 's List . " It 's also the better of the two -- a buoyant , breathlessly-paced motion capture animated adventure that puts the last "  Indiana Jones " movie to shame . Maybe I 'm biased . I grew up reading HergÃ © 's comic books about the escapades of the intrepid young reporter , his valiant fox terrier Snowy , and their blundering ally Captain Haddock . Like "  Indiana Jones , " "  Tintin " exists in a lost world of colonial exploration and adventure . His Belgian creator , who signed himself HergÃ © , was 15 when Howard Carter discovered Tutankhamun 's tomb in 1922 , and 26 when King Kong climbed the Empire State . His stories cling to the romance of those tall tales , real and imaginary . Tintin had a knack for finding himself in the wrong place at the wrong time -- or the "  right " place and time , depending on your point of view . Where other reporters might have to dig out a story , mystery knocked on Tintin 's door -- introducing him to bizarre characters and whisking him to exotic locations in Africa , Central America , or  once  the Moon . Spielberg jokily introduces his hero through a street artist 's quick sketch , before abandoning the familiar 2-D cartoon for a new 3-D , motion capture model . To my eyes there 's something disconcertingly creepy about the new look -- designed at Peter Jackson 's WETA studios . Still , you get used to it , and underneath his placid , plastic , doll-like surface it 's the same old Tintin : a pale , round-faced young man with a tuft of marmalade hair perked on his forehead and a fondness for pants that come down to just an inch below the knee . No sooner has he picked up a model sailing ship at a flea market than he finds himself at the center of an intense bidding war for the self-same object . When he refuses to sell , the model is stolen from his home and a stranger is gunned down on his doorstep . Hidden in the ship is one third of a treasure map . The dastardly Ivanovich Sakharine has his hands on a second section and means to piece the whole thing together , but he also needs the drunken sea captain Haddock to help him decipher it . Fortunately Tintin helps the skipper escape Sakharine 's clutches and then the race is one for the missing third , which is in the possession of an Arab sheikh with a fondness for opera . Such antics might seem positively antiquarian , but the story moves at a good lick and Spielberg 's touch is lighter than we 've seen in his live action movies for years . A shoot-out and chase in an old steamship is expertly handled , but the sequence moves up a gear when Tintin and the permanently inebriated Haddock are stranded in a rowboat , then another when they commandeer a sea plane that 's running out of fuel -- and the best is yet to come : a gravity-defying race through the Casbah which bends physics with the glee you can only find in 3-D animation . It 's delirious stuff , often laugh-out-loud funny , which is n't surprising with screenplay writers like Steven Moffat  the writer behind the BBC 's recent "  Dr Who " and "  Sherlock Holmes " revivals  , Edgar Wright  "  Shaun of the Dead "  and Joe Cornish  "  Attack the Block "  . A running gag in which Snowy is always a step ahead of his newshound pal is especially sweet . I might quibble about the voice casting . Jamie Bell 's Tintin is fine , but as fans will know , it 's the redoubtable dipsomaniac Captain Haddock who keeps the show ticking over . Andy Serkis may be the motion-capture king , but Haddock 's voice is n't near as robust and earthy as I used to hear it in my head . In fairness , my 6-year-old did not share this concern . And it 's a pleasure to find a movie we both enjoyed as much as this one . The bar has been set . We 'll have to wait and see if Peter Jackson can match it in the next one .	"  Tintin " exists in a lost world of colonial exploration and adventure Steven Spielberg jokily introduces his hero through a street artist 's quick sketch The story moves at a good lick and Spielberg 's touch is lighter
CNN  Actress Liza Minnelli has entered a rehab facility for her addictions , a spokesman said . "  Liza Minnelli has valiantly battled substance abuse over the years and whenever she has needed to seek treatment she has done so , " said spokesman Scott Gorenstein . "  She is currently making excellent progress at an undisclosed facility . " The 68-year-old has struggled with addictions to alcohol and painkillers in the past . Minnelli won an Oscar in 1973 for her performance in "  Cabaret . " CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report	Minnelli won an Academy Award for her performance in "  Cabaret " She has struggled with addictions to alcohol and painkillers in the past
CNN  -- Helped by higher humidity , firefighters battled back a wind-whipped wildfire in Southern California , clearing the way for many evacuated residents to return home . The Powerhouse Fire is burning in the Palmdale area north of Los Angeles . It has destroyed some six homes , threatened as many as 1,000 , and grew to more than 32,000 acres as of late Monday , according to Lisa Lugo with the Angeles National Forest . Three people have been injured since the fire started last week , though it was not immediately clear how . "  So far things look much better than they did yesterday , " incident commander Norm Walker told reporters . "  Last night , we increased the containment to 40 % . We hope to bump that up considerably again tonight if conditions remain the same . " Later , Lugo said that containment stood at 60 % . Residents who evacuated from the communities of Lake Hughes and Lake Elizabeth were allowed to return home . However , the community of Antelope Acres remained under a mandatory evacuation order . A shelter has opened for those with nowhere else to go . Helicopters helped firefighters by dropping retardant and water along the perimeter of the blaze . "  We want to take advantage of the high humidity , get in there and do a direct attack and do all we can to get some of these hot spots put out so it does n't spread anymore , " Los Angeles County Fire Capt. Mike McCormick told CNN affiliate KABC . Elsewhere in the West , a small fire burned in Jefferson County , Colorado , prompting evacuations , according to the Sheriff 's Office there . No structures were lost . Another fire , north of Pecos , New Mexico , has scorched about 8,000 acres and forced the evacuation of about 100 summer homes , said Denise Ottaviano of New Mexico Fire Information . That fire , known as the Tres Lagunas Fire , is 5 % contained . Officials believe it was ignited by a downed power line . CNN 's Diahann Reyes contributed to this report .	NEW : Other fires burn in New Mexico and Colorado NEW : Residents of two communities are allowed to return home NEW : The Powerhouse Fire is about 60 % contained It has destroyed some six homes and threatened up to 1,000
Before Ebola , there was the flu -- the Spanish flu of 1918 , which burned rapidly through army barracks , refugee camps , troop ships , all the crowded high-risk zones that World War I created . Some people think it came out of Kansas . The first American cases developed there . Soldiers from army camps like Fort Riley , in eastern Kansas , carried the virus to other camps around the U.S. , and over the sea to France . The flu of 1918-1919 came toward the end of the First World War -- which began a century ago this year -- and it killed more people than died in that conflict , more people than the Black Death , back in the 14th century . In fact , nobody knows exactly how many people died around the world ; the estimates go all the way up to 100 million , which would have been 5 % of the world 's population . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you If you lost a son in uniform in 1918 , you were equally likely to lose him to the flu as to enemy bullets ; half of the American servicemen who died were killed by the flu . After the virus started spreading in Europe , infecting and killing people in a number of countries , it was thoroughly described in the Spanish press -- because the King of Spain got sick , and because Spain was not in the war , and therefore not censoring news , while the French , British , and German papers were suppressing anything which might have an effect on wartime morale or suggest vulnerability . And thus , as a prize of peace , Spain became forever connected to the most deadly pandemic of all time . Opinion : The promise World War I could n't keep Influenza is a seasonal illness . Every year an influenza virus emerges , generally originating somewhere in Asia , and moves through the world , causing fever and chills , muscle pain and headache , cough and runny nose , and a certain number of deaths . That 's why you need to get a flu shot every fall -- it 's available now and you should make sure that you get it , and doubly sure that your children do -- because the flu virus is a particularly changeable microbe , and every year the virus is a slightly different genetic mix , and the vaccine has to be tailored to protect you . Most years , most strains , influenza is especially deadly to the very young and the very old . In my pediatric clinic , we vaccinate every child starting at 6 months of age , but we take special trouble to make sure that the kids with medical problems , from asthma to congenital heart disease , get flu vaccine every year . The 1918 flu virus was different . It was deadly to young adults . The elderly , who are often the victims in flu season , did relatively well , perhaps because they had lived through a related strain of flu 30 years earlier , and therefore had some protective immunity . But people in their 20s and 30s , healthy young people , got sick in record numbers -- and many of them did not recover . Opinion : The mighty women of World War I That same 1918 flu was unusually virulent , so a very high percentage of the people who got sick went on to die . They died because their lungs filled with fluid . They drowned , it was sometimes said , inside their own useless lungs . There are stories about how fast this influenza killed ; people got sick and died within 12 hours . But the Spanish flu also looked more like a hemorrhagic fever -- that is , people died because the infection affected their ability to form blood clots and stop bleeding -- so there were people coughing up blood , or bleeding from their noses or their eyes . Some victims ' feet turned black from internal bleeding . Opinion : War : What is it good for ? Art ! In other words , the 1918 virus behaved a little like the Ebola virus , a hemorrhagic fever virus much in the news right now . This flu raced through classrooms and schools and theaters -- and cities . In Philadelphia in October 1918 , every hospital bed was filled , and hundreds of people were dying every day . The city ran out of coffins . "  The most terrifying aspect of the epidemic was the piling up of bodies , " John Barry writes in his book , "  The Great Influenza . " "  Undertakers , themselves sick , were overwhelmed . They had no place to put bodies . Gravediggers either were sick or refused to bury influenza victims . " Opinion : Should nations pay the price for their leaders ' misdeeds ? All kinds of public health measures and quarantines were tried , as the epidemic raged . Campaigns promoted face masks and targeted spitting in public with misdemeanor ordinances and fines . St. Louis closed its schools , theaters , pool halls , churches and bars , in a strategy called "  social distancing . " New York City required businesses to stagger their hours , so that people would n't be squeezed together in rush hour commutes . When the Boston schools were closed , teachers were recruited as nurses . Some towns attempted to keep the virus out altogether ; Barry tells the story of Gunnison , Colorado , which blocked all incoming roads and warned railway passengers that if they stepped off the train onto the platform , they would be arrested . Opinion : How World War I gave us ` cooties ' Cities also built their public health infrastructures ; they opened emergency clinics , they strengthened reporting networks that tracked infectious diseases . In fact , the story of the 1918 influenza can be read -- by those who have eyes to see -- as the admittedly bloody beginning of the triumph of modern medicine , public health and scientific microbiology . But none of that is what saved us , not the development of a vaccine . We were saved because , as it does every year , the flu epidemic receded . Maybe that intensely virulent strain of influenza virus was replaced , over time , by a less virulent strain . And the annual influenza story became a largely pro forma public health story : Viral strain identified , vaccine manufactured , full speed ahead ! Get your flu shots ! Opinion : The ` bionic men ' of World War I In 1918 , a virus that was unusually devastating to the young and healthy came into a world which , paradoxically , had marshaled many of its young healthy citizens for military purposes . So the First World War shaped the epidemic , and the epidemic , in turn , affected the war . Most famously , U.S. President Woodrow Wilson came down with influenza while attending the Paris Peace Conference and had to miss days of the negotiations that ultimately resulted in the Treaty of Versailles . Every epidemic is a product of microbiology and sociology ; we look at Ebola now and worry about an epidemic which can spread by mass air travel in an interconnected world , which circumvents some of our modern medical precautions . Opinion : How World War I gave us drones But the important lessons from the 1918 epidemic are probably not specific to the virus -- or rather , they would argue for looking closely at any contagious illness and thinking carefully about true risk and true benefit . How is the virus actually transmitted , when does it make sense to practice social distancing , to institute quarantines , to close the schools and the pool halls and the churches ? We have microbiological knowledge that the good people of 1918 did not possess ; we have antiviral drugs and disposable personal protective equipment to be put on by everyone working with patients at risk . That should make us at once more fearful -- because yes , indeed , the world as we know it may end because of new and terrifying infectious agents -- and more sanguine -- because yes , we live in a world of microbes . They live on us , and in us , and sometimes we travel together into darkness . Opinion : When chemical weapons killed 90,000 Nothing will ever take away the threat of a new and virulent microbe . But we have learned a lot about building institutions to help us protect ourselves and the people we love , about public health and common sense . In other words , stop worrying about Ebola , think about 1918 , wash your hands and go get that flu shot . Photo blog : WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Perri Klass : Before Ebola , there was Spanish flu , World War I-era pandemic It killed tens of millions , more than died in war ; mainly young adults ; was similar to Ebola One result : Cities modernized medical infrastructure , strategies to stop spread , she says Klass : It taught us realities of stemming contagion : Wash hands , get your flu shot !
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike killed 16 people and wounded six Thursday in one of Pakistan 's semi-autonomous tribal regions , two officials said . The attack , which included four missiles , targeted a compound on the border of Orakzai Agency and North Waziristan , a local government official and a military official said . The compound belonged to Maulvi Shakirullah , a militant affiliated with the Haqqani network , the officials said . The network is widely viewed to be fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan Pakistan 's Geo TV , a CNN affiliate , also reported that the drone "  fired four missiles at a madrasa , " or seminary , run by Shakirullah . A previous drone strike in the Orakzai agency in 2009 killed 11 suspected militants from a faction of the Pakistani Taliban . The United States carries out drone strikes in Pakistan aimed at dismantling terror operations , but generally does not comment on them . U.S. activists in Pakistan to protest drone strikes 5 killed in first drone strike since protest march Read more : Why U.S. will live to regret drone strikes	The attack targeted a militant 's compound , officials say The officials say the militant is affiliated with the Haqqani network The U.S. carries out drone strikes in Pakistan but generally does not comment
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea fired several short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan on Saturday , an act that the U.S. watched closely and South Korea called provocative . N. Korean army soldiers , back , look at a S. Korean soldier , center , in the demilitarized zone in June . Pyongyang fired six short-range missiles in less than seven hours , South Korea 's Foreign Ministry said . The missiles were apparently Scud-type , estimated to have a range of about 500 kilometers  310 miles  , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . South Korean intelligence estimates that North Korea has about 700 such missiles in its arsenal . Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday , Yonhap reported . South Korea called the launches a provocative act , according to a government statement . North Korea had issued a warning to mariners to avoid an area in the Sea of Japan at certain times between June 24 and July 9 because of a "  military firing exercise , " according to a U.S. military communication about the warning provided to CNN . The recent firings come amid heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula . North Korea conducted a nuclear test in May , fired test rockets and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . Watch S. Korea confirm firing of missiles " The first two missiles were fired about 8 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. , Yonhap reported . Another missile was launched about 10:45 a.m. , the agency reported . A fourth one came some time after that . The U.S. Navy and other U.S. officials said they are ready to track any missiles . "  The United States is aware of possible missile launches by North Korea . We are closely monitoring North Korea 's activities and intentions , " a U.S. official said . "  This type of North Korea behavior is not helpful . What North Korea needs to do is fulfill its international obligations and commitments . " Earlier this week analyst Daniel Pinkston said the reported test might be training for a future test but it could also just be a routine military exercise . "  It is worrisome to some degree , but it is different from a ballistic missile launch , " said Pinkston , of the International Crisis Group in Seoul , South Korea . "  It 's part of military training , but there seem to be no movements of troops or anything that would suggest preparations for military operations . "  So yes , people are watching it , the military is watching it here , but I do n't think it 's related to any plans or operations to attack anyone . " CNN 's Sohn Jie-Ah in Seoul , Korea , and Charley Keyes in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this report	North Korea five Scud-type missiles Saturday that can reach 400 to 500 km South Korea has called the launches "  a provocative act " U.S. diplomat : "  This type of North Korea behavior is not helpful " Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday
Archaeologists say they unearthed a rare find during a dig in Egypt : a sarcophagus that 's 3,600 years old -- with a mummy still inside . Egypt 's state-run Al-Ahram newspaper reported Thursday that a team working on a routine excavation at a tomb in Luxor uncovered the painted , human-shaped sarcophagus . It dates back to 1600 B.C. , when the Pharaonic 17th Dynasty reigned in Egypt , the country 's Supreme Council of Antiquities said . The sarcophagus belonged to a top government official , whose mummy was enclosed inside , Al-Ahram said , citing Egypt 's antiquities minister , Mohamed Ibrahim . The sarcophagus is engraved with titles of the official , but archaeologists have n't yet been able to identify him , Ibrahim said . The Spanish-Egyptian team also found two other burials while digging at the Draa Abul-Naga necropolis on Luxor 's west bank , Al-Ahram reported , but both were empty . "  It is believed they were robbed in antiquity , " the newspaper reported . Pharaoh 's tomb sheds light on shadowy Egyptian dynasty Study revisits mystery of Egyptian king 's killing	Archaeologists on a routine dig in Luxor made the discovery , state-run paper says Officials say the human-shaped sarcophagus dates back to 1600 B.C. It belonged to a top government official , whose mummy was inside
CNNGo  -- It is the curse of every curious traveler -- you 're walking through a new town and you can sense the history , you can smell the restaurant , you can hear the train you 're meant to catch , but you have no idea how to get there or discover more . Thank heavens for augmented reality . Now , with apps that cost from nothing to a few bucks , you can lay digital worlds over the top of the real world through your phone 's camera view . Suddenly data on hotels , restaurants , shop offers , landmarks , social gaming , even menu translations , is at your fingertips . Here are 10 fantastic AR apps that every traveler should know about . 1 . Wikitude Price : Free Platforms : Android 1.5 + , iPhone 4.0 , Symbian with compass , Bada Download link : http://www.wikitude.org/en/dedownloadendownload Voted the best augmented reality browser of 2010 by readers of Augmented Planet , Wikitude comes with a multitude of "  worlds " that can be overlayed onto the real world that you see through your mobile device 's camera . For example , the Starbucks World shows you if any Starbucks cafes are in the direction you 're pointing your camera . Check out all the various worlds you can access , including World Heritage List , Wildlife Parks in Asia , Irish Pubs Worldwide and more , by clicking here . CNNGo : 10 best travel apps ever 2 . Layar : ArchINFORM Price : Free Platforms : Android 1.5 + , iPhone 3.1 + Download link : www.layar.com/download A nifty AR layer for architecture buffs . ArchINFORM is available as a real-world-overlay on Junaio , Layar and Wikitude , but Layar 's version comes with special features . It 's a huge database of interesting architectural works , existing and yet-to-be-built , that you can search for with architect names and/or keywords . Within the 3D layer , there 's an AR-view perspective map and a walkable pedestrian route can be shown for every listed piece of architecture within the specified neighborhood . 3 . Lonely Planet Compass City Guides Price : $ 4.99 Platforms : All Android Download link : Available in the Android Market This is for those who travel by the Lonely Planet gospel , but ca n't be bothered to lug around their tomes . Now all their expert advice for 25 key cities around the world is available on an Android screen complete with GPS-enabled maps and augmented reality camera views . Selected cities include Amsterdam , Bangkok , Boston , Istanbul , Prague , Seoul , Singapore , Sydney , Tokyo and Vancouver . CNNGo : DoCoMo 's Android-powered iPhone killer 4 . Etips City Guides Price : $ 0.99-4 .99 Platforms : iPhone 3.1 + Download link : iTunes.apple.com Etips provides daily itineraries as well as GPS-enabled maps and on-screen recommendations of nearby hot spots using the camera view . Etips provides 131 different apps for the iPhone and 49 different apps for the iPad , covering various cities worldwide . Bonus feature : even if you 're not connected to the Internet , much of the content is available offline . 5 . BuUuk Price : Free Platforms : All Android , iPhone 3.1 + , Symbian Download link : buuuk.com A restaurant recommendation app , not unlike Urbanspoon . You can find nearby restaurants in camera view as well as where special deals are available . The data is user generated  140 characters or fewer , with links to Twitter and Facebook  , and users can accompany their reviews with pictures . BuUuk covers primarily Asian cities , but is expanding with Sydney , Perth , Phuket and Jakarta being recent additions . 6 . Sekai Camera Price : Free Platforms : Android 2.1 + , iPhone 3.1 + Download link : sekaicamera.com Real-time air tagging , where air tagging means things people have written , photographed or said  using the voice message system  about stuff . These then float in your camera view like digital sticky labels . You can comment on others ' air tags or just view the info about nearby restaurants , hotels and so on . Sekai Camera also features augmented reality games through various Sekai apps such as Sekai Cafe AR , which allows you to "  build " an AR cafe in a real location and do business with other users . 7 . Metro AR Pro Price : $ 0.99 Platforms : iPhone 3.1 + Download link : itunes.apple.com Find the nearest metro or subway station in Seoul , Tokyo , New York , Chicago , Mexico , London or Paris . Granted , it 's possible to do this in Google Maps , but there 's something fun about seeing the stations floating in camera view with the distance from your current location indicated . 8 . Waalkz Price : Free Platforms : iPhone 3.0 + Download link : itunes.apple.com Download informative walking tours and let them guide you through Singapore 's heritage Arab Quarter , Boat Quay , Chinatown and Little India neighborhood . Check out the opium dens of old , sit in souk-like cafes , wander through temples and mosques . See sites pop up in camera view as you walk and once it 's downloaded there 's no need to be online to use it . Would be great to see this extended to other cities . 9 . iButterfly -- Coupon & Entertainment Price : Free Platforms : iPhone 3.1 +  Japan iTunes store only  Download link : itunes.apple.com An augmented reality game created by advertising agency Dentsu that allows users to catch and collect "  butterflies " that pop-up in camera view . Once caught , the butterflies release offers for nearby shops and restaurants as well as other informative content . Japan only at the moment , but soon to extended to the rest of Asia . 10 . Google Goggles in Google Mobile Price : Free Platforms : Android 1.6 + , iPhone 4.0 Download link : Android Market and iPhone Google Goggles is still in Google Labs stage , but this is a visual search app to watch . Take a picture of famous paintings , wine labels or bar codes among other things and Google Goggles will return information on the image captured . Of most practical use is the translation function . Photograph text  for example a menu item  in English , French , German , Italian or Spanish and have it translated into one of those other languages . While slower than Word Lens , it offers the capability to translate more languages . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Augmented reality allows you to lay digital worlds over the top of the real world Data on hotels , restaurants , landmarks and even menu translations is at your fingertips Wikitude was voted the best augmented reality browser of 2010
CNN  -- Newcastle was n't the opposition but there was another seven-goal classic at Anfield . Jordan Henderson scored deep in the second half to give Liverpool a 4-3 win over Swansea City , rekindling memories of the Reds ' victories over Newcastle by the same score in 1996 and 1997 . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was n't afraid to say this month that his men were title contenders and with the offense flowing , his team trails Chelsea by a mere four points atop the standings . Daniel Sturridge -- second behind only teammate Luis Suarez in league scoring -- netted for an eighth straight Premier League outing to close in on Dutchman Ruud van Nistelrooy 's record of 10 . "  It was an important win for us , " Rodgers told Sky Sports . "  We certainly were n't at our best today but the offensive part of our game , which is very strong , came out on top again . "  It 's an outstanding result for us and the game typified the character of this team . " Liverpool looked set to cruise when Henderson and Sturridge gave Liverpool a 2-0 lead within 20 minutes . But Swansea , under newish boss Garry Monk , did n't cave in . Jonjo Shelvey began a comeback against his former club and Wilfried Bony made it 2-2 in the 27th minute . After Sturridge and Bony traded goals -- the latter 's second came via the penalty spot -- Henderson settled the affair in the 74th minute when he scored on his own rebound . A rejuvenated Henderson has been another bright spot for Rodgers this season but the defense is a worry . Defender Martin Skrtel particularly struggled Sunday , giving away the penalty when he clashed with Bony . Liverpool has conceded 35 goals , the most of any team in the top seven . "  As always as a coach , you 'll analyze where you can be better , and we 're looking to improve  on defense  for next week , " said Rodgers . The top four all won this weekend but fifth-place Tottenham suffered a blow in its chase for a Champions League spot , losing 1-0 at relegation threatened Norwich City . Loic Remy scored in second-half injury time to give Newcastle a 1-0 win against Aston Villa at home , leaving Villa , like Norwich , four points above the relegation zone .	Liverpool defeats Swansea 4-3 at Anfield thanks to a strike from Jordan Henderson The result means Liverpool trails Premier League leader Chelsea by four points Newcastle deepens Aston Villa 's relegation woes by producing a late winner Tottenham 's Champions League hopes dip after a 1-0 loss at Norwich City
CNN  -- Two miners who died this week in a Nevada mining accident were identified Saturday , according to the mine 's owner . Crews late Friday found the bodies of Daniel Patrick Noel , 47 , and Ethan Joel Schorr , 38 , both of Spring Creek , Nevada , Barrick Gold Corp. said in a statement . Noel is survived by a wife and three children . Schorr is survived by a wife and four children . Their bodies were found about 1,300 feet underground , Barrick said . The accident occurred at 1:15 a.m.  4:15 a.m. ET  on Thursday in Elko County , Nevada . According to Barrick , two miners in an elevator were inspecting a large pipe in a vertical shaft when the pipe fell into the shaft , damaging the elevator . All underground operations at the Meikle mine were suspended , the company said . "  This is a tragic event and we remain focused on assisting these miners ' families , " Greg Lang , president of Barrick 's North America region , said in a statement . "  The hearts and prayers of every Barrick employee are with them at this time . We place great value in our coworkers ' health and safety , and we will do everything we can to prevent an incident like this from happening again . " The company said Barrick and the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration worked for more than 32 hours to reach the area where the bodies were found . The MSHA reports at least 53 fatalities so far this year , including at least 42 coal-related deaths and at least 11 metal-related deaths .	NEW : Two dead miners survived by spouses , children Mining accident happened Thursday in Elko County , Nevada Barrick Gold Corp. vows to try to prevent future accidents The bodies were found 1,300 feet underground
Efforts to clean up a 168,000 gallons of thick , viscous oil that spilled into the Port of Houston near Galveston , Texas , stretched into a third day Tuesday , as wildlife rescuers sought to estimate the impact on birds and marine life . The spill , which occurred over the weekend after two vessels collided , has forced the closure of the heavily trafficked port , putting dozens of ships in limbo as they wait in a queue to enter and exit the waterway early Tuesday afternoon . The Houston Ship Channel was opened to limited barge traffic within the channel , U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Andy Kendrick said , but the channel remained closed to all other vessels , and the vessels in the port were not allowed to leave . As of early Tuesday afternoon , 101 inbound and outbound vessels were stuck in the channel , Kendrick said . On Galveston Island , the cruise terminal is loaded with passengers waiting for ships docked at sea , while cruise ships waiting to get to port are stuck on the water . The U.S. Coast Guard and other agencies are evaluating whether portions of the busy shipping channel can be reopened , pending the "  skimming and booming " efforts under way to contain the environmental disaster . Meanwhile , the Galveston Bolivar ferry has been granted permission to run amid efforts to clean the port and locate affected wildlife . According to authorities leading the joint effort to contain the spill , there have been 18 birds captured , 10 deceased , and eight "  oiled " but not captured . There have also been sightings of oiled birds that have yet to be confirmed . Texas Parks and Wildlife Department personnel said they are continuing to look for affected wildlife in Bolivar Flats , which is considered a significant refuge for birds . "  Galveston Bay is one of America 's greatest estuaries and an important home to Texas seafood providers and recreational fishermen as well as the entry point to the Port of Houston . While the area has long dealt with many pollution concerns , this spill is significant , " said scientist Doug Rader of the nonprofit Environmental Defense Fund . "  In the early stages of this spill much remains unknown , but for shrimp , blue crab , menhaden and other marine life , which rely on the bay as an essential nursery , further investigation and long-term monitoring within the footprint of this spill is necessary . " Approximately 15.5 miles of nonconsecutive shoreline have been impacted , and more than 750 people are working to resolve the spill , officials said . The Coast Guard said they will continue their investigation . After 25 years , Exxon Valdez oil spill has n't ended Gulf oil may be big trouble for big fish More on oil spills	More than 15 miles of shoreline impacted , 750 cleanup workers involved More than 100 ships are stuck in the Port of Houston after 168,000-gallon oil spill Environmental watchdog : "  Long-term monitoring " of spill will be necessary Wildlife officials have found birds , some "  oiled , " others deceased
CNN  -- Sometime in the not-too-distant future , Kanye West can once again break out the leather skirt and the pink Polos he once favored . The rapper and his reality TV star girlfriend , Kim Kardashian , are having a girl . The baby 's gender was revealed in the eighth season premiere of "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " on Sunday night . The episode shows Kardashian , 32 , at a doctor 's appointment for her 19-week checkup . "  Do you see a little peepee ? " Kris Jenner , Kardashian 's mom , asks during the ultrasound .  The Kardashians never have been known for their subtlety . "  I do n't see any peepees , " the physician , Dr. Paul Crane , responds . He then adds , "  I 'm thinking it 's a girl . " "  Whats the percentage ? " Kardashian asks . "  99 plus . " "  99 plus ? So I can tell people it 's a girl ? " And that 's how the world found out . The news came the same day Kardashian , who 's due next month , had a baby shower in Beverly Hills . West and Kardashian , better known as "  Kimye , " have been dating since last year . "  I 'm so excited we 're having a girl . Who does n't want a girl ? I think they are the best , " she said on Sunday 's show . "  I know that 's really what Kanye has always wanted . He wanted a little girl . "	News comes the same day Kardashian has a baby shower The couple has been dating since last year The baby is due next month
CNN  On Friday , ISIS claimed responsibility for Yemen 's deadliest terror attack . A day earlier it claimed responsibility for the worst terror attack in Tunisia . Last week it welcomed into the fold Boko Haram , a Nigerian terrorist group with thousands of fanatical fighters that dominates territory the size of New Jersey . All this came in the wake of the group 's rapid expansion across Libya , its assimilation of a powerful Egyptian terrorist group , and the founding of small chapters in Saudi Arabia , Afghanistan , Pakistan and Algeria , where its new affiliate last year beheaded a French hiker . The group 's momentum may have stalled in Syria and Iraq , but its supporters from the Atlantic to the Hindu Kush appear to be heeding its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's call to "  erupt volcanoes of jihad . " By far the most surprising development was its claim of responsibility for the twin suicide bomb blasts that killed over 130 in Houthi-Shia mosques in Sanaa , Yemen , on Friday and another attack in the north . ISIS was only thought to have a fledgling presence in Yemen and had only claimed one previous attack , the assassination of a Yemeni security official north of Aden earlier this month . Al Qaeda in Yemen , or AQAP , has for years been the dominant Jihadi group inside Yemen , but it denied involvement in the mosque attacks , saying it was against its principles to target mosques , bolstering the ISIS claim . This indicates ISIS has very quickly built up an operational capability inside Yemen in the months since jihadis inside the country released an audiotape declaring allegiance to Baghdadi last November . Only two developments could explain this : defections from AQAP or the return home of Yemeni ISIS veterans skilled in urban warfare and explosives . There is no love lost these days between the two groups . Since Baghdadi declared ISIS had expanded into Yemen late last year there has been an escalating war of words between them , with ISIS claiming AQAP was not doing enough to target Houthis and AQAP declaring that the ISIS caliphate was illegitimate . While AQAP has acknowledged previous internal disagreements about whether to support ISIS , there have been relatively few defections . Its charismatic leader , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , al Qaeda 's global number two , is extremely popular among the group 's rank and file . In recent months the group has reaped a recruitment windfall from Sunni tribal anger over the Houthi takeover of Sanaa , allowing it to expand its operations across Yemen . But ISIS appears now to have laid down the gauntlet , declaring its attacks Friday were the "  tip of the iceberg . " In targeting the Houthi mosques in Sanaa , ISIS would be quite deliberately repeating the sectarian strategy of its founder , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , who launched a devastating suicide bombing on Golden Mosque in Samarra in February 2006 , which plunged Iraq into a full-blown sectarian civil war . Al-Zarqawi correctly calculated that the Shia , infuriated by the attack on their most sacred shrines , would violently retaliate , driving Sunnis into the embrace of the jihadis . Yemen appears now to be on the brink of a similar civil war . The terrorist attack on the Bardo Museum in Tunisia on Wednesday that killed 23 was the worst terrorist attack on tourists in the Arab world since the 1997 massacre in Luxor , Egypt . It would also be ISIS ' most spectacular act of international terrorism since it carried out coordinated suicide bombings on American and international hotels in Amman , Jordan , in 2005 . But Tunisia is right on Europe 's doorstep , just 30 miles across the sea from the southern Italian island of Pantelleria . ISIS has so far offered no proof to back up its claim it was responsible . Yet several factors give the claim credence . Firstly , as of late Friday no other group had claimed responsibility . Secondly , Tunisian investigators have established that two members of the cell that carried out the attack trained in the Derna and Benghazi region of Libya late last year . In November , CNN reported that ISIS was running several training camps in the Green Mountains between these two eastern Libyan towns where it was instructing recruits from across North Africa , including Tunisians . Thirdly , up to 3,000 Tunisians have traveled to Syria and Iraq , many to fight with ISIS . Five-hundred are believed to have returned home , including a significant number of trained killers , skilled in handling automatic weapons . The three most powerful new ISIS affiliates are in Egypt , Libya and Nigeria . Last November the Egyptian Sinai-based jihadi group Ansar Beit al-Maqdis pledged allegiance to ISIS . Bolstered by the return home from Syria of Egyptian ISIS veterans , in recent months the group has escalated its campaign of attacks against security forces in the Sinai and across Egypt and has put out its own gory beheading videos . The threat it poses to Western tourists was underlined last summer when it killed an American oil worker in the deserts southwest of Cairo in a carjacking . In Libya , ISIS is taking advantage of chaos and simmering civil war to rapidly expand . Last autumn it established a foothold in eastern Libya , bolstered by the return of 300 Libyan ISIS veterans and the arrival of a top deputy of al-Baghdadi . It is now the dominant force in Derna , has a presence in Benghazi and controls part of the town center in Sirte , on whose beaches it beheaded more than a dozen Egyptian Christians in February . It also has a growing presence in Tripoli , where its fighters in January carried out an attack on the five-star Corinthia hotel that killed several Westerners . In Nigeria , Boko Haram pledged allegiance to ISIS earlier this month and brought celebrations to the streets of Raqqa , ISIS ' headquarters town in Syria . Boko Haram hopes it will bring a recruitment , fundraising and propaganda windfall . "  The merger with the Islamic State was a strategic , calculated , and long-term decision coming from the top of the Boko Haram leadership and communications structure , " wrote Jacob Zenn , an expert on the group , in a just released West Point Combating Terrorism Center study on ISIS ' growing array of affiliates . Though military operations by Nigeria and Chad have eroded Boko Haram 's safe haven in northeastern Nigeria in recent weeks , the group still has formidable capacity to terrorize the region . A signature tactic : beheading its enemies with chain saws . For reasons of geography , there appear to be fewer organizational ties between ISIS and Boko Haram than between ISIS and its affiliates in Libya and Egypt . "  The numbers of Boko fighters who have fought or trained with ISIS in places such as Syria , Iraq , Turkey , and Libya and returned to Nigeria is believed to be small : fewer than 20 fighters and video-propagandists , " Zenn , who was recently briefed by Nigerian intelligence officials , told CNN . ISIS ' expansion into the southern shore of the Mediterranean has alarmed European governments . Italian fishermen operating off the south coast of Italy are so concerned they could be targeted by ISIS gunmen launching from Libya in speedboats that they have demanded protection from the Italian navy . Then there is the threat of trained European fighters returning home from the killing fields of Iraq and Syria . Over 3,000 Europeans have traveled to fight in Syria and Iraq , many with ISIS . More than 750 have returned . Among their number , according to Belgian counterterrorism officials , was a Belgian terrorist cell dispatched by ISIS from Syria to carry out a major terrorist attack in the heart of Europe . The plot was thwarted when several of the cell were killed in a gunbattle in eastern Belgium in January . European officials told CNN ISIS is increasingly pivoting toward plotting attacks in Europe . There is also concern ISIS could infiltrate non-European Union passport holders into Europe . Last year more than a hundred-thousand refugees arrived in Italy from Libya , according to the United Nations . French Prime Minister Manuel Valls warned Thursday that Europe faced the greatest terrorist threat in its history , the starkest warning yet from a head of a European government since ISIS set up its caliphate in Syria and Iraq . "  The problem is not if there will be another attempted attack in France and in Europe , but to know when and where , " he said .	ISIS was only thought to have a fledgling presence in Yemen , but claims responsibility for bombing there ISIS supporters appear to be heeding its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's call to "  erupt volcanoes of jihad "
CNN  -- Somalia has the world 's highest mortality rate for children under age 5 , according to data released by the United Nations Inter-agency Group for Child Mortality Estimation . "  Somalia 's child mortality rate in 2010 stood at 180 deaths per 1,000 live births , which now ranks worst in the world , " the United Nations Children 's Fund said in a media statement Friday . Somalia has been plagued by constant violent conflicts and has recently been hit by a devastating famine . The United Nations has declared famine in six areas of southern Somalia , including Mogadishu . In all , about 12 million people in the Horn of Africa region need assistance . Somalia is the worst hit . "  Even before this current crisis , one in six children was dying before their fifth birthday . Now we anticipate this number of deaths will be even greater , " said Rozanne Chorlton , UNICEF representative in Somalia . "  There is no doubt that Somalia is one of the toughest places for a child to survive . "	Somalia 's child mortality rate in 2010 stood at 180 deaths per 1,000 live births Somalia is plagued by constant conflicts and famine "  There is no doubt that Somalia is one of the toughest places for a child to survive , " official says
CNN  -- It 's been a while since we 've heard anything concrete on Apple 's rumored "  iWatch " device , but Bloomberg now reports that Apple has filed on June 3 to trademark that name in Japan . This does n't necessarily mean anything -- companies file for protective trademarks all the time -- but it 's one more indication that Apple is dabbling in wearable computing . iWatch rumors have been flying for most of the year , but we still do n't have a clear idea of what the gadget might look like  or what it would do  if it ever comes to market . One report said that the watch would run a version of iOS but suggested that battery life issues could be holding it back . The watch might also include a pedometer and other sensors to help it compete with fitness gadgets like Nike 's FuelBand and the Fitbit . Apple CEO Tim Cook has previously said that "  amazing new hardware " would be coming out this fall and throughout 2014 , but whether he meant new product categories like an iWatch or simply refreshes of Apple 's existing products  like the new Mac Pro  is anyone 's guess . Either way , there 's no need to worry if the iWatch does n't pan out -- you can always rely on the Pebble watch or the rumored devices from Samsung , Google , or Microsoft to cover your unsightly naked wrists . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Apple has filed for ` iWatch ' trademark in Japan Company is believed to be working on an iOS-run smart watch Google , Samsung , Sony and others also appear in the market
CNN  -- An entire nation stopped Sunday . Four million people sat watching on their television , hearts palpitating with every movement . It was time . Another 40,000 packed into Schladming with just one hope . Amidst the roars , step forward Marcel Hirscher , the 23-year-old with the weight of all Austria on his shoulders . For two weeks the Austrian public had watched and waited for Hirscher to deliver that moment of magic , that performance which would go down in folklore . On Sunday , faced with his last chance of chance of glory , the home favorite delivered , sealing victory in the men 's slalom to spark scenes of wild celebration . The 23-year-old came home in an aggregate of 1min 51.03 seconds , 0.42 seconds ahead of Germany 's Felix Neureuther , with fellow Austrian and former two-time world champion Mario Matt , claiming bronze at 0.65 seconds . "  It was very difficult , " Hirscher told reporters . "  It was fierce . What can I say , it 's great . "  The atmosphere was sensational , it was great . But I was so focused and just tried not to make a mess . It was anything but easy . " Hirscher said the lead up to the slalom had been "  the toughest week in my life so far " . "  The whole country was watching me , especially for the slalom . Around four million people were watching on television in Austria and 40,000 are here live in the stadium . If I 'd straddled , oh my god , they 're going to kill me ! "  It 's definitely good to be the world champion here in my home country . " With the cowbells greeting his victorious arrival at the finish line , Hirscher soaked up the adulation in front of an adoring crowd . But while Hirscher was left to reflect on his victory , U.S. star Ted Ligety 's bid to win a fourth gold at the championships was ended following an uncharacteristic error . Ligety , who had won gold in the Super-G , super-combined and giant slalom , was the first man to achieve such a feat since Claude Killy in 1968 . But his failure around a gate and the sight of his skis breaking free , ended Ligety 's attempt to make history . While Ligety failed , Germany 's Neureuther had no such problems , claiming silver . "  I really tried not to make the same mistakes I 've done in the past in big events , " he told reporters . "  I did n't have an ideal run . Marcel did it really great again today . " Bronze medalist Matt added : "  I trusted in myself to do it and I could n't do anything but go full out . "  But you ca n't race senselessly . I 'm very happy with the bronze medal , you have to be happy when you see how tight the field is in slalom . "	Marcel Hirscher won the men 's slalom at the World Championships Sunday Hirscher is the only Austrian to win individual gold at Schladming over the past fortnight Germany 's Felix Neureuther took silver with Austria 's Mario Matt claiming bronze U.S. star Ted Ligety fails in his bid to win four gold medals following disappointing run
CNN  In a line-up of the world 's financial heavyweights , Christine Lagarde commands attention . At almost 6ft tall , with a head of silver hair and year-long tan , the first female to lead the International Monetary Fund instantly stands out in the notoriously masculine world of finance . When the fifth most powerful woman in the world according to Forbes takes to the stage , journalists make sure their pens are poised . And in a time of economic austerity -- not to mention scandal allegations regarding the IMF 's former managing director -- the media spotlight on Lagarde is fierce . But away from the camera lens , what personal events shaped the 59-year-old financial leader we know today ? Here are five things you might not know about Lagarde . "  Clearly the death of my father when I was 16 was a pivotal moment because you suddenly realize the hardship , the pain , " Lagarde told CNN 's Gabriella Frias . "  It certainly provided me with a better understanding of how tough it can be for a single mother to raise kids . " Lagarde won a bronze medal in the French National Championship when she was just 15-years-old . Synchronized swimming might also have more in common with politics than you think . "  It was synchronized swimming that taught me : ` Grit your teeth and smile , ' " Lagarde told the Guardian . "  It was when I applied to the biggest law firm in Paris and I was told that I would be a great recruit and that I would be given good work to do -- but that I should never expect to make partnership because I was a woman , " Lagarde told CNN . "  I thought to myself : ` You do n't deserve me , I 'm going . ' And I had that sense of extraordinary freedom , walking down the staircase and thinking to myself : ` What would I do in this firm ? Why would I work with that kind of attitude ? " "  For a while I felt sort of held back and I decided : ` No , no , no , no , no , no you have to get over it , ' " Lagarde told CNN . "  You need to try to take the learnings from that failure and ask yourself : ` Why did I fail ? ' Then you learn about it and you move on . " It 's perhaps fitting that the IMF boss -- who oversees the world 's finances -- was born on such a neat date . The eldest sister to three brothers , Lagarde was raised in Normandy to an English professor father and Latin teacher mother . Watch : Lagarde on leading through crisis Inspire : The most inspiring women of the year	She 's the face of the IMF , but how well do you know her ? Five surprising facts about French financial powerhouse , Christine Lagarde Says death of her father as a teenager was ' a pivotal moment '
Washington  CNN  -- Years-old but newly scrutinized videos of MIT economics professor Jonathan Gruber ignited a political firestorm this week because the self-described architect of Obamacare thanks "  the stupidity of the American voter " for leading to passage of the president 's signature piece of legislation . With Obamacare open enrollment set to begin over the weekend and the Supreme Court set to weigh in again on the law next year , Republicans pounced , using the videos as additional ammunition in their case that President Barack Obama and his administration misled the American public on Obamacare . Obama on Sunday dismissed the idea that his administration and other proponents of the law misled voters about the legislation , noting that "  we had a yearlong debate . " "  The fact that some adviser who never worked on our staff expressed an opinion that I completely disagree with ... is no reflection on the actual process that was run , " Obama said . So why should old videos of an economics professor matter ? Here 's the gist : Gruber called voters stupid , Republicans are calling him the Obamacare architect , and Democrats are calling it all a big misunderstanding . Still confused ? This will help : Was Gruber the "  architect " of Obamacare ? Not exactly . This is a law that was passed by both houses of Congress and written in different forms by several Congressional committees . It 's many thousands of pages long and has a myriad of different provisions . But Gruber clearly played an important role in crafting the idea behind the series of exchanges , subsidies and taxes that form the law 's centerpiece . He continues to argue the country is better for Obamacare -- but we 'll get to that . And he does n't look nearly as cool as this guy , who actually goes by the name , "  the architect . " So why is he being called that ? And what did he actually do ? Gruber 's work did shape the Affordable Care Act in three key ways : 1 . Gruber played a crucial role in crafting the health care law passed in Massachusetts during then-Gov . Mitt Romney 's tenure . Gruber modeled the impact and effectiveness of that state 's plans to implement an individual mandate -- the controversial policy that essentially forces people to get covered , or get fined . And this matters because the 2004 Massachusetts law was the model for Obamacare . The "  individual mandate " became a key component -- and political lightning rod -- of the health care law most people now call Obamacare . Obamacare 's next fight for survival 2 . Gruber was hired in 2009 as a consultant by the Obama administration -- and paid nearly $ 400,000 -- for a year of his work . What 'd he do ? Gruber has called it "  technical support " and "  analysis . " What he really did was take a bunch of numbers and model the effects of proposals that would later become the Affordable Care Act . "  If they had n't had this kind of analysis , well , the law would not be designed as well , " Gruber said on the O'Reilly Factor last year , discussing his work . 3 . At least eight states called him in to counsel them on how to implement the health care law and set up state-run health insurance exchanges . So he 's pretty important to Obamacare . O.K. but this guy is still calling voters stupid ! I vote . Am I stupid ? No , you 're not stupid . At least we do n't think so . So why is he calling us voters stupid ? Let 's first look at what Gruber actually said : He was defending the fact that the law was written behind closed doors and he said Democrats intentionally made the law confusing to mask the fact that the law instituted a new tax to pay for health reform . Why 'd the Democrats do this ? Voters do n't like new taxes . Gruber said it was more important to get health reform than to be up front . "  It 's a very clever , you know , basic exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter , " Gruber said at the Honors Colloquium 2012 at the University of Rhode Island . And : "  They proposed it and that passed , because the American people are too stupid to understand the difference , " he said at Washington University at St. Louis in 2013 . The brunt of Gruber 's argument is that policymakers crafting the law had to take politics into account . And politics means that politicians prefer to vote for a tax on insurance companies that will ultimately get passed on to consumers , rather than voting for a tax on consumers outright , for example . Gruber 's "  stupid " comments are summed up his contention that people do n't want to pay more taxes , even when they want cheaper or better things . For instance : - Want better public education ? - Sure ! - Want to pay higher taxes to improve public education ? - Eh ... This also applies to voting for the individual mandate "  penalty , " as the Obama administration refers to it , rather than a "  tax , " as the Supreme Court ruled in 2012 . And it turns out that Gruber always knew a tax on expensive insurance plans would eventually grow to hit almost every insurance plan . He admitted as much in yet another video that surfaced on Friday . The White House and Democrats , by the way , promised up and down that the so-called "  cadillac tax " would n't affect most Americans . The guy who thinks voters are ` stupid ' But the controversy over whether the mandate is a "  tax " is n't news , right ? Nope . But it is giving Republicans ' claims that the Obama administration misled voters on the "  truth " of the Affordable Care Act more credence . So why are Democrats trying to distance themselves from Gruber ? Democrats clearly do n't want Obamacare tarnished anymore than it already has because of one guy . And they definitely do n't want him to be the face of Obamacare or Democrats ' view on the law . What they 're trying to do is downplay Gruber 's role in crafting the law . On Sunday , President Obama speaking from the G20 summit in Australia called him "  some adviser who never worked on our staff . " Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Gruber "  did n't help write our bill " and claimed not to "  know who he is . " She was n't being entirely up front on that point . Pelosi actually cited Gruber 's work approvingly in 2009 and even mentioned him by name in an interview that same year . Obamacare architect discussed misleading public in 4th newly uncovered video Was Gruber making a larger point here that we 're missing ? Definitely . If you can get past his condescending tone and insults , Gruber 's speeches actually offer some insight into how policy is impacted by politics . "  If you had a law which said healthy people are going to pay in -- if you made it explicit that healthy people pay in and sick people get money , it would not have passed , OK ? " Gruber said . And while the  impartial  jury on the Affordable Care Act is still out , the law has lowered that national uninsured rate and , so far , the law is proving to be cheaper than expected . Either way , Gruber has said he believes the U.S. is better off with Obamacare than without it . And if less transparency helps implement better policy , he 's O.K. with that . But am I ? Are you ? You make that call . Third video emerges of Obamacare architect insulting voters	Gruber called voters stupid , the GOP is calling him the Obamacare architect , and Dems are calling it all a misunderstanding Gruber played a crucial role in crafting the law and its Massachusetts model , but is n't "  the architect " of the law Gruber 's "  stupid " comments came as he explained the lack of transparency in selling the law to have it pass The GOP is using this to prove voters were misled and Democrats are trying to distance themselves from Gruber
CNN  Conservationists are racing to try to save more than 170 whales stranded on a remote beach on New Zealand 's South Island . Twenty-four of the 198 pilot whales stuck on the beach have already died , New Zealand 's Department of Conservation said Friday . The department 's staff , helped by 140 volunteers , were planning to try to refloat the giant mammals as the tide rose Friday evening , it said . The whales are stuck on Farewell Spit , a thin claw of land that reaches out into the sea from the northern tip of the South Island . The spit forms the top of Golden Bay , which is known as a stranding hotspot because of its protruding coastline , gently sloping beaches and system of currents . The Department of Conservation advised the public not to try to come and help the efforts to save the whales . "  Refloating stranded whales is a difficult and potentially dangerous job , so it 's important we have the right people on the ground tonight trying to get these whales back to safety , " said Andrew Lamason , the department 's services manager for Golden Bay . But if the efforts are unsuccessful , help may be needed Saturday to keep the whales cool and wet until the next high tide , authorities said . Surrounded by oceans rich in marine life , New Zealand has one of the highest stranding rates for sea mammals in the world . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Twenty-four of the 198 pilot whales stranded on Farewell Spit have already died Conservation officials and volunteers will try to refloat the surviving whales
A body found off a central Massachusetts highway has been positively identified as that of Jeremiah Oliver , a 5-year-old boy who was missing for months before police were alerted . Worcester County District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. 's announcement on Saturday was n't surprising : One day before , Early had said the body wrapped in a blanket and stuffed inside a bag matched the height and weight of Jeremiah . Still , how he got there and even how he died is still unknown . The district attorney did not detail a cause of death Saturday , explaining the child 's autopsy is not yet complete . The case raised questions about the state 's role as it relates to Jeremiah 's care , with Massachusetts Department of Children and Families Commissioner Olga Roche admitting that there had been "  a serious failure . " "  We are deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Jeremiah Oliver " Roche said Saturday . "  DCF continues to focus on caring for Jeremiah 's siblings to ensure they are receiving the support they need during this very difficult time . " In March , Jeremiah 's mother , 28-year-old Elsa Oliver , and her boyfriend , 22-year-old Alberto Sierra , were indicted by a grand jury on charges related to Jeremiah 's disappearance as well as on charges of child abuse . Calls to the attorneys for both were not immediately returned Friday . The district attorney 's office did not speculate Saturday on whether they might face additional charges now that Jeremiah has been confirmed dead . The last documentation of state authorities ' interaction with Jeremiah was in May 2013 , according to Department of Children and Families spokesman Alec Loftus . In June , Loftus said , the social worker was told that Jeremiah had moved to Florida to live with his grandmother but did not follow up or verify that . The last visit to the home was in November , when the social worker left behind a business card indicating it would be the Department of Children and Families ' final visit , according to Loftus . On December 2 , Jeremiah 's 8-year-old sister told counselors at her elementary school that her mother 's boyfriend , Sierra , had abused her , according to a police affidavit . After those statements , the girl and another brother were taken into protective custody , according to the affidavit . It was in December that authorities realized that the boy was missing . Roche fired the social worker and supervisor assigned to his case because they did not conduct the required in-person , monthly checks on the family , according to a statement released that month .	The body of Jeremiah Oliver , 5 , was in a blanket inside a duffel bag , tossed by a highway No cause of death has been given yet ; the autopsy on the child is not complete The head of a state agency criticized in this case says she 's "  deeply saddened " The boy 's mom , boyfriend were indicted in March in his disappearance
CNN  -- Grammy Award winner John Legend will perform at this year 's "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " airing Thanksgiving night on the global networks of CNN . Legend will perform "  Wake Up Everybody , " featuring hip-hop artist Common and Canadian R&B singer Melanie Fiona . Joining the list of stars participating in the show are presenters Halle Berry , Demi Moore , Jessica Alba , Kid Rock , LL Cool J , Renee Zellweger , Gerard Butler , Kiefer Sutherland , Marisa Tomei and Aaron Eckhart , CNN has announced . Rock legends Bon Jovi also will be part of a two-hour celebrity-studded tribute to the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 . The supergroup will perform "  What Do You Got ? " a new song from their greatest hits album which debuted November 9 . Country music duo Sugarland will perform "  Stand Up , " a new song from their album "  The Incredible Machine , " which debuted October 19 . Anderson Cooper will host the fourth annual show from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California . The program , spotlighting everyday people who are changing the world , airs at 8 p.m. ET/PT on November 25 . More than 10,000 nominations for CNN Heroes were received from more than 100 countries . The top 10 CNN Heroes are selected by a blue-ribbon panel of judges , including Muhammad Ali , Richard Branson , cellist Yo Yo Ma , Olympic speed skater Apolo Anton Ohno , rapper Chris "  Ludacris " Bridges and actor Rainn Wilson . Judges also include Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey , singer Ricky Martin , actresses Holly Robinson Peete and Patricia Heaton , supermodel Alek Wek , actor and author Hill Harper , and entrepreneur Ela Bhatt . The top 10 CNN Heroes were announced on CNN.com on September 23 , when public voting began to select the CNN Hero of the Year at CNNHeroes.com . The CNN Hero of the Year will be revealed at the tribute show . Each of the top 10 CNN Heroes receives $ 25,000 , and the CNN Hero of the Year receives an additional $ 100,000 . The 2009 CNN Hero of the Year was Efren Peñaflorida , who started a "  pushcart classroom " in the Philippines to bring education to poor children as an alternative to gang membership . "  CNN Heroes has illustrated the best of humanity through the telling of stories of selfless acts of kindness , courage and perseverance " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  We are honored to bring these Heroes the recognition they so deserve . It is a program the entire CNN family is proud of and excited to share with our viewers on Thanksgiving night . " Also attending this year 's show will be the Chilean miners who were trapped for 69 days before being freed last month . Organizers said they invited the miners and five of their rescuers because they symbolize the resilience and endurance of the human spirit . "  The heroic efforts of the rescue of these miners was one of the most unifying and inspirational events of the year , " Walton said . Since the inaugural CNN Heroes tribute broadcast in 2007 , performers and celebrities who have participated include Nicole Kidman , Glenn Close , Cameron Diaz , Meg Ryan , Forest Whitaker , Salma Hayek , Lucy Liu , Terrence Howard , Jessica Biel and Kate Beckinsale . Previous tribute shows have included performances by Legend and fellow Grammy Award-winning artists Mary J. Blige , Sheryl Crow , Christina Aguilera , Carrie Underwood and Alicia Keys . Award-winning producer/director Joel Gallen returns to serve as executive producer of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " Among his credits , Gallen produced telethon events supporting victims of the Haiti earthquake , the 9/11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina . He won an Emmy Award and a Peabody Award for "  America : A Tribute to Heroes . "	Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 will be honored with a celebrity-studded tribute show The broadcast airs at 8 p.m. ET / 5 p.m. PT on Thanksgiving night , November 25 , on CNN Anderson Cooper will host the show from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles
CNN  -- Thousands of people converge on the small town of Marlinton , West Virginia , each fall for a feast whose main ingredients were unlucky enough to crawl , slither or lurk too close to a speeding car . Unusual food festivals include BugFest in Raleigh , North Carolina , where a young visitor tries a stir-fried scorpion . It 's RoadKill Cook-Off time , where past years ' crowds have sampled dishes like Pothole Possum Stew , Fricasseed Wabbit Gumbo and Smeared Hog with Groundhog Gravy . Welcome to the world of unusual -- dare we say weird ? -- food festivals . Sure , you can find plenty of culinary celebrations dedicated to everything from rhubarb to seafood , but there are also options to satisfy your cravings for rattlesnake , fried pig intestines or garlic ice cream . The RoadKill Cook-Off is so popular that it fills all the motels and hotels in the county when it takes place on the last Saturday in September , said David Cain , who runs the event and samples all the dishes . "  There are some that are better than others , but I 've never really had anything that I really did n't like , " Cain said . "  But there was one year they cooked a rattlesnake in some kind of stew , and ... there was no way I could taste that one . " See photos from these unusual food festivals " The RoadKill Cook-Off began in 1991 , when organizers thought it might boost attendance at the main event : the Pocahontas County Autumn Harvest Festival . Did it ever . About 10,000 people from all over the country came to last year 's gathering , Cain said . All dishes featured in the festival must have animals commonly found dead on the side of the road -- such as deer , squirrels and snakes -- as their main ingredient . But the meat does n't have to be actual roadkill . "  Judges will deduct points for every chipped tooth resulting from gravel not removed from the RoadKill , " the official rules warn . "  All judges have been tested for cast-iron stomachs and have sworn under oath to have no vegetarian tendencies . " All about Spam Thousands of miles away , in Honolulu , Hawaii , aficionados of canned luncheon meat gather in April for the annual Waikiki Spam Jam , described by organizers as "  a street festival that celebrates the people of Hawaii 's love for Spam . " Some may call it mystery meat , but it 's not advisable to do so in Hawaii , which has the highest per-capita consumption rate of Spam products in the United States . Almost 7 million cans worth of the pinkish product are eaten every year in the Aloha State , according to festival officials . The crowds at this year 's Spam Jam sampled dishes such as Spam Fried Rice , Spam Burgers and Guava Mango BBQ Spam Sliders . "  I think people are amused by the whole idea because it is pretty different . Like , why would you celebrate Spam ? " said Barbara Campbell , one of the founders of the festival . "  It 's just about having fun , and they love the different Spam items . " A restaurant that offered Spam Chili Nachos at the festival was so amazed by their popularity that it 's thinking of adding the dish to its permanent menu , Campbell added . Fans who admire the yellow and blue design of Spam cans also have a chance to splurge on Spam-themed merchandise , including T-shirts , baby items and slippers . Celebrating the ` stinking rose ' Some unusual food festivals can tickle the nose as well as the palate . Vampires may hate garlic , but the pungent cloves draw huge crowds of hungry mortals each July to the Gilroy Garlic Festival in Gilroy , California , "  the garlic capital of the world . " If you 're a fan , pack some breath mints and enjoy everything from traditional garlic-infused fare like scampi and stuffed mushrooms , to more exotic choices . Garlic ice cream , anyone ? Those who have tried the frozen dessert describe it as an "  acquired taste . " "  I would say when you first taste it , it 's like regular vanilla ice cream , and then give it about 10 seconds , and you feel the kick of garlic , " said Peter Ciccarelli , director of media relations for the festival . "  It 's not something that people would eat by a bowlful , nor would they put chocolate syrup on it . " Last year 's festival drew more than 100,000 people who consumed more than 15,000 servings of garlic bread and 10,000 servings of garlic fries . Almost 3 tons of the "  stinking rose , " as garlic is sometimes fondly called , were used to flavor the dishes . A meal with legs The truly adventurous foodies may opt for BugFest and the leggy dishes served up by Café Insecta at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences in Raleigh each September . Popular choices include the Ant-Chilada , a cheese enchilada in which toasted freeze-dried ants are used as both the filling and topping , and Hush-Grubbies , in which wax worm grubs are coated with hush-puppy batter and deep fried . For dessert , visitors can try Chocolate-Chirp Cookies , which have crickets baked in . "  We basically use recipes that we would use for any other dish and substitute the protein , " explained Matthew Busch , head chef at the museum 's Acro Café , who creates the dishes at Café Insecta during BugFest . So , instead of doing a shrimp stir-fry , the museum might do a scorpion stir-fry . Busch , who said he tries anything he cooks , recommended the Hush-Grubbies , calling the bugs inside "  tasty " and "  a little buttery . " Stir-fried scorpions , on the other hand , can be a little bitter , he cautioned . Watching the reactions of visitors who dig in to the bug-laden food is Busch 's favorite part , and he described seeing an entire range of responses , from people who are gung-ho and want to try everything to those who are squeamish and have to be peer-pressured to take a bite . Some people 's strategy is just to eat around the bugs , Busch said .	There are many options for people who seek food festivals with an unusual twist RoadKill Cook-Off features dishes incorporating meat from deer , squirrels , snakes Waikiki Spam Jam in Hawaii celebrates the canned luncheon meat Garlic ice cream at the Gilroy Garlic Festival tastes like vanilla ice cream with a kick
Yes , the Iraq War was a war for oil , and it was a war with winners : Big Oil . It has been 10 years since Operation Iraqi Freedom 's bombs first landed in Baghdad . And while most of the U.S.-led coalition forces have long since gone , Western oil companies are only getting started . Before the 2003 invasion , Iraq 's domestic oil industry was fully nationalized and closed to Western oil companies . A decade of war later , it is largely privatized and utterly dominated by foreign firms . From ExxonMobil and Chevron to BP and Shell , the West 's largest oil companies have set up shop in Iraq . So have a slew of American oil service companies , including Halliburton , the Texas-based firm Dick Cheney ran before becoming George W. Bush 's running mate in 2000 . The war is the one and only reason for this long sought and newly acquired access . Full coverage : The Iraq War , 10 years on Oil was not the only goal of the Iraq War , but it was certainly the central one , as top U.S. military and political figures have attested to in the years following the invasion . "  Of course it 's about oil ; we ca n't really deny that , " said Gen. John Abizaid , former head of U.S. Central Command and Military Operations in Iraq , in 2007 . Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan agreed , writing in his memoir , "  I am saddened that it is politically inconvenient to acknowledge what everyone knows : the Iraq war is largely about oil . " Then-Sen . and now Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the same in 2007 : "  People say we 're not fighting for oil . Of course we are . " For the first time in about 30 years , Western oil companies are exploring for and producing oil in Iraq from some of the world 's largest oil fields and reaping enormous profit . And while the U.S. has also maintained a fairly consistent level of Iraq oil imports since the invasion , the benefits are not finding their way through Iraq 's economy or society . These outcomes were by design , the result of a decade of U.S. government and oil company pressure . In 1998 , Kenneth Derr , then CEO of Chevron , said , "  Iraq possesses huge reserves of oil and gas-reserves I 'd love Chevron to have access to . " Today it does . Exclusive : Hans Blix on ` terrible mistake ' in Iraq In 2000 , Big Oil , including Exxon , Chevron , BP and Shell , spent more money to get fellow oilmen Bush and Cheney into office than they had spent on any previous election . Just over a week into Bush 's first term , their efforts paid off when the National Energy Policy Development Group , chaired by Cheney , was formed , bringing the administration and the oil companies together to plot our collective energy future . In March , the task force reviewed lists and maps outlining Iraq 's entire oil productive capacity . Planning for a military invasion was soon under way . Bush 's first Treasury secretary , Paul O'Neill , said in 2004 , "  Already by February  2001  , the talk was mostly about logistics . Not the why  to invade Iraq  , but the how and how quickly . " In its final report in May 2001  PDF  , the task force argued that Middle Eastern countries should be urged "  to open up areas of their energy sectors to foreign investment . " This is precisely what has been achieved in Iraq . Here 's how they did it . The State Department Future of Iraq Project 's Oil and Energy Working Group met from February 2002 to April 2003 and agreed that Iraq "  should be opened to international oil companies as quickly as possible after the war . " Arwa Damon : Iraq suffocates in cloak of sorrow The list of the group 's members was not made public , but Ibrahim Bahr al-Uloum -- who was appointed Iraq 's oil minister by the U.S. occupation government in September 2003 -- was part of the group , according to Greg Muttitt , a journalist and author of "  Fuel on the Fire : Oil and Politics in Occupied Iraq . " Bahr al-Uloum promptly set about trying to implement the group 's objectives . At the same time , representatives from ExxonMobil , Chevron , ConocoPhillips and Halliburton , among others , met with Cheney 's staff in January 2003 to discuss plans for Iraq 's postwar industry . For the next decade , former and current executives of western oil companies acted first as administrators of Iraq 's oil ministry and then as "  advisers " to the Iraqi government . Before the invasion , there were just two things standing in the way of Western oil companies operating in Iraq : Saddam Hussein and the nation 's legal system . The invasion dealt handily with Hussein . To address the latter problem , some both inside and outside of the Bush administration argued that it should simply change Iraq 's oil laws through the U.S.-led coalition government of Iraq , which ran the country from April 2003 to June 2004 . Instead the White House waited , choosing to pressure the newly elected Iraqi government to pass new oil legislation itself . Did Iraq give birth to the Arab Spring ? This Iraq Hydrocarbons Law , partially drafted by the Western oil industry , would lock the nation into private foreign investment under the most corporate-friendly terms . The Bush administration pushed the Iraqi government both publicly and privately to pass the law . And in January 2007 , as the " surge " of 20,000 additional American troops was being finalized , the president set specific benchmarks for the Iraqi government , including the passage of new oil legislation to "  promote investment , national unity , and reconciliation . " But due to enormous public opposition and a recalcitrant parliament , the central Iraqi government has failed to pass the Hydrocarbons Law . Usama al-Nujeyfi , a member of the parliamentary energy committee , even quit in protest over the law , saying it would cede too much control to global companies and "  ruin the country 's future . " In 2008 , with the likelihood of the law 's passage and the prospect of continued foreign military occupation dimming as elections loomed in the U.S. and Iraq , the oil companies settled on a different track . Bypassing parliament , the firms started signing contracts that provide all of the access and most of the favorable treatment the Hydrocarbons Law would provide -- and the Bush administration helped draft the model contracts . Why women are less free after Iraq War Upon leaving office , Bush and Obama administration officials have even worked for oil companies as advisers on their Iraq endeavors . For example , former U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad 's company , CMX-Gryphon , "  provides international oil companies and multinationals with unparalleled access , insight and knowledge on Iraq . " The new contracts lack the security a new legal structure would grant , and Iraqi lawmakers have argued that they run contrary to existing law , which requires government control , operation and ownership of Iraq 's oil sector . But the contracts do achieve the key goal of the Cheney energy task force : all but privatizing the Iraqi oil sector and opening it to private foreign companies . They also provide exceptionally long contract terms and high ownership stakes and eliminate requirements that Iraq 's oil stay in Iraq , that companies invest earnings in the local economy or hire a majority of local workers . Iraq 's oil production has increased by more than 40 % in the past five years to 3 million barrels of oil a day  still below the 1979 high of 3.5 million set by Iraq 's state-owned companies  , but a full 80 % of this is being exported out of the country while Iraqis struggle to meet basic energy consumption needs . GDP per capita has increased significantly yet remains among the lowest in the world and well below some of Iraq 's other oil-rich neighbors . Basic services such as water and electricity remain luxuries , while 25 % of the population lives in poverty . Share your story of the Iraq War The promise of new energy-related jobs across the country has yet to materialize . The oil and gas sectors today account directly for less than 2 % of total employment , as foreign companies rely instead on imported labor . In just the last few weeks , more than 1,000 people have protested at ExxonMobil and Russia Lukoil 's super-giant West Qurna oil field , demanding jobs and payment for private land that has been lost or damaged by oil operations . The Iraqi military was called in to respond . Fed up with the firms , a leading coalition of Iraqi civil society groups and trade unions , including oil workers , declared on February 15 that international oil companies have "  taken the place of foreign troops in compromising Iraqi sovereignty " and should "  set a timetable for withdrawal . " Closer to home , at a protest at Chevron 's Houston headquarters in 2010 , former U.S. Army Military Intelligence officer Thomas Buonomo , member of Iraq Veterans Against the War , held up a sign that read , "  Dear Chevron : Thank you for dishonoring our service "  PDF  . Yes , the Iraq War was a war for oil , and it was a war with losers : the Iraqi people and all those who spilled and lost blood so that Big Oil could come out ahead .	Juhasz : Opening up Iraq to foreign oil companies was main goal of Iraq War Plans for Western oil exploration in Iraq were drawn up years before 2003 invasion Bush administration pressured Iraqi government to pass law allowing foreign firms in Chuck Hagel in 2007 : "  People say we 're not fighting for oil . Of course we are . "
CNN  -- Abbey Lincoln , a jazz singer , songwriter , actor and activist , died on Saturday at age 80 in New York City , a friend of hers told CNN . Carol Friedman , who has been working on a documentary about the singer for some 20 years , said Lincoln died of natural causes Saturday morning in Manhattan . She declined to provide further details . Lincoln started performing in the 1950s when she released her first album , "  Abbey Lincoln 's Affair ... A Story of a Girl in Love . " Often said to have been heavily influenced by the legendary jazz singer Billie Holiday , Lincoln continued to write and perform for six decades . She was also well-known as an actress . She co-starred with Sidney Poitier in the 1968 film , "  For Love of Ivy , " for which she received a Golden Globe nomination . During the 1960s , Lincoln became active in the civil rights movement . She sang on the album , "  We Insist ! -- Max Roach 's Freedom Now Suite . " She was married to the jazz musician Max Roach during the 1960s . They divorced in 1970 . Speaking to National Public Radio before her death , Lincoln reflected on her life and art . "  You know , when everything is finished in a world , the people go to look for what the artists leave , " she said . "  It 's the only thing that we have really in this world -- is an ability to express ourselves and say I was here , " she said .	Lincoln was a prominent civil rights activist during the 1960s She was said to have been influenced by legendary jazz singer Billie Holiday Lincoln was also well known as an actress
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Responsible for shaping modern Indonesia , Haji Muhammad Suharto was known as the "  smiling general , " but his legacy as one of the great Cold War era strongmen was built on corruption and a reign of violence that left hundreds of thousands dead . Suharto died after being admitted to hospital suffering from anemia . He died on January 27 in hospital at the age of 86 after being treated for liver , heart and lung disease . He had been admitted to hospital on January 4 suffering from anemia . He had already been weakened by strokes in recent years that gave him brain damage and impaired speech but prevented him from being put on trial . Suharto rose to power by crushing an alleged communist uprising in 1965 after his political rivals were mysteriously eliminated . His iron-fist rule went unchallenged until widespread protests in 1998 , when his downfall ushered democracy into the world 's fourth largest nation . Born into a poor rice-farming family on Java island in 1921 , Suharto received military training first in the Dutch colonial army and then in a collaborationist unit set up by Japanese occupiers in World War II . He later joined the Indonesian army that resisted Dutch efforts to regain control over its former colony . After Indonesia became independent in 1949 , Suharto climbed the ranks as a favorite of founding President Sukarno , eventually becoming a five-star general . A murky military rebellion in 1965 saw his fellow senior officers killed , allowing Suharto to assert his control of the armed forces before easing Sukarno from power . It was during that period that Suharto embarked on a nationwide purge of alleged communists overseen by his powerful military . Human rights groups estimate anywhere between 500,000 to a million people were killed . Although Indonesia is still struggling to come to terms with the bloodletting and graft of the Suharto era , many ordinary people also remember the drastic improvements in quality of life experienced under their "  father of development . " Before financial meltdown put the brakes on the country 's booming economy , Western-educated financial experts helped transform Indonesia from a Southeast Asian backwater into a key regional player , replete with gleaming skyscrapers and soaring toll roads . But the price of success was high . In 1975 , his troops invaded the territory of East Timor -- with the tacit support of Western allies keen to prop up an anti-communist leader . The ensuing occupation lasted more than two decades and killed more than 100,000 people , according to human rights groups . His aim was to keep the sprawling Indonesian archipelago together . Separatist rebellions were quickly crushed , while democratic elections were rigged to re-elect Suharto year after year . Political opponents were routinely kidnapped and tortured . As billions of dollars of foreign investment poured in to oil-rich Indonesia 's transformed economy , huge sums were siphoned off by Suharto 's cronies and family , who became lavish spenders in a poor country -- oblivious to growing resentment among its 210 million people . The Asian financial crisis of 1997 plunged Indonesia into economic free fall and unleashed a wave of anti-Suharto violence . Students led a massive popular uprising , storming parliament , before the dictator finally stood down in May 1998 . In his final years , Suharto lived to witness the dismantling of his regime . Far-flung regions , once subdued by force , erupted into violence . East Timor gained independence in 2002 , and two years later Indonesians appointed their first democratically elected president . Many hoped Suharto 's wrongs would be exposed in court . Instead , his children were prosecuted . Tommy Suharto , the youngest and the most flamboyant , was jailed for corruption . Suharto himself never stood trial . Indonesia 's Supreme Court decreed that the former strongman , who suffered from strokes and heart problems in his final years , was permanently ill and unfit to stand trial . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Former Indonesian president Suharto dead at 86 Ruthless general credited with shaping modern Indonesia Iron fist control of Southeast Asian nation left hundreds of thousands dead
London , England  CNN  -- The three Pakistani cricket players at the center of a betting scandal have been summoned to meet their country 's top cricket authorities in London , England , where the alleged fixing took place , team manager Yawar Saeed told CNN on Tuesday . Salman Butt , Mohammed Asif and Mohammed Amir may remain in London for two days for meetings with the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board , their manager said . They have not been arrested , suspended , or summoned for further questioning by police , Saeed said . Saeed made his remarks two days after allegations surfaced that gamblers fixed part of a Pakistan match against England last week . Separately , customs authorities said Tuesday that three people were arrested Sunday in connection with the scandal . They were held on suspicion of money-laundering , a representative of Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs told CNN . The head of cricket 's world governing body said Tuesday he wants disciplinary action within days if anyone on the Pakistan team was involved in the alleged betting scheme . Haroon Lorgat , chief executive of the International Cricket Council , said he wants any action taken by Thursday , if at all possible , an ICC spokesman told CNN . "  The integrity of the game is of paramount importance , " Lorgat said in a statement . "  Prompt and decisive action will be taken against those who seek to harm it . However , the facts must first be established through a thorough investigation and it is important to respect the right of due process when addressing serious allegations of this sort . " Investigators from the ICC , the sport 's governing body , are already in the United Kingdom making inquiries into the allegations , the council said Tuesday . The investigators , from the council 's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit , are working with London 's Metropolitan Police on their criminal investigation , the council said . Federal investigators from Pakistan had been expected to arrive in England on Tuesday to look into the alleged scandal , but Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik later said their plans changed . "  We have requested Interpol and Scotland Yard to provide us with -LSB- the -RSB- preliminary report , and we have asked for permission to send our team there , " Malik told CNN . "  The moment we get permission , we will send them . " Lorgat said that if any players are found guilty , "  the ICC will ensure that the appropriate punishment is handed out . We will not tolerate corruption in this great game . " Police have questioned four people over the scandal , Pakistani manager Saeed said Sunday . The four are Saeed , team captain Salman Butt , and two players , he said . The alleged scandal came to light Sunday when a British tabloid newspaper reported that two Pakistan players deliberately bowled "  no balls " -- fouls -- during their four-day series with England . A "  no ball " is when the bowler -- the equivalent of a pitcher in baseball -- steps over the line as he unleashes the ball . The batting team gets a run when that happens . The News of the World posted video of what it said was an undercover reporter meeting with a man identified as Mazhar Majeed , who tells the reporter exactly which bowlers will bowl "  no balls " and when , then lays out 14 thick stacks of bills on a table . The video of the meeting -- which the newspaper said took place Wednesday , the day before the match between Pakistan and England began -- is intercut with clips from the following two days , where the players perform as Majeed said they would . The tabloid said the alleged ringleader pocketed 150,000 British pounds  $ 232,800  in the scam . The Met Police said a 35-year-old man was arrested late Saturday on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud bookmakers and released on bail Sunday . Police said no date had been set for a hearing or further proceedings , but that the investigation was continuing . Saeed did not name the two players questioned by police , but Britain 's Press Association earlier reported he identified them as bowlers Mohammad Amir and Mohammad Asif . Police refused to confirm to CNN who was being questioned . The Pakistani players at the center of the scandal were free to leave the country , police said Monday . Team captain Butt said Pakistan gave 100 percent throughout the match . "  We have given our best , " Butt said after his team lost to England . The team manager refused to comment on the report that Pakistan players intentionally committed three fouls during the match . "  No allegations are true until they are proved either way , " said Saeed . "  So that this point in time they are just allegations . Let 's wait until the case is complete . " England beat Pakistan in the four-day match at Lord 's Cricket Ground , which ended Sunday afternoon , after the scandal broke . Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari ordered an investigation into the scandal , his spokesman said Sunday . He directed the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board to submit a preliminary report "  immediately , " Farhatullah Babar said , adding that Zardari asked to be kept informed about any British investigations as well . It is the second allegation of corruption directed at the Pakistan cricket team this year . Betting on cricket matches is legal in England . CNN 's Melissa Gray in London , England , and Samson Desta in Islamabad , Pakistan , contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan Cricket Board summons team captain and two bowlers NEW : Three people arrested on suspicion of money-laundering ICC chief Haroon Lorgat says he wants any disciplinary action by Thursday , if possible ICC investigators are in England making inquiries
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Hundreds of gay men have been tortured and killed in Iraq in recent months , some by the nation 's security forces , Human Rights Watch said Monday . Iraqi clerics say homosexuality must be eradicated but warn against anti-gay violence . Interviews with doctors indicate hundreds of men had been killed , but the exact number was unclear because of the stigma associated with homosexuality in Iraq , the New York-based watchdog group said in its report . "  Iraq 's leaders are supposed to defend all Iraqis , not abandon them to armed agents of hate , " said Scott Long , director of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Rights Program at Human Rights Watch . "  Turning a blind eye to torture and murder threatens the rights and life of every Iraqi . " Four victims who spoke to CNN gave accounts of the attacks , which they say have intensified in the past few months . "  In 2004 , militias and unknown groups started to go after the gays ... but the peak was six months ago , " said Qaisar , who uses a pseudonym for fear of reprisal . "  It has become wide scale war against gays in Iraq . " Iraqi officials acknowledged that the nation 's culture stigmatizes homosexuality , but said the government does not condone such attacks . Authorities are unable to provide homosexuals with special protection , said government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh . According to Human Rights Watch , which is urging a government crackdown , attackers target people on the streets or storm homes , where they conduct interrogations and demand names of suspected gay men . Many end up in hospitals and morgues , the organization said , basing its conclusion on reports from doctors . Men have been threatened with "  honor killings " by relatives worried that their "  unmanly behavior " will ruin the family 's reputation , Human Rights Watch said . Watch Iraqi men discuss attacks " Killings , kidnappings and torture of those suspected of homosexual conduct have intensified in areas such as the Baghdad neighborhood of Sadr City , the watchdog said . "  The Shiite people started this war and especially what happened in Sadr City , " Qaisar said , adding that his sister-in-law had warned him against going to the area . Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mahdi Army militia , which is active in Sadr City , has joined in the attacks and defends its actions as a way to stop the "  feminization " of Iraqi men , the report said . "  We have testimony that indicates that the nation 's security forces are taking part in the attacks , " Long said . The group interviewed more than 50 people who gave accounts of abuses , beatings and stops at security checkpoints , he said . "  When the gay killings started and when they started go  ing  after them at checkpoints ... we started to change our look , " said Basim , who also used a pseudonym . "  These killings point to the continuing and lethal failure of Iraq 's post-occupation authorities to establish the rule of law and protect their citizens , " said Rasha Moumneh , Middle East researcher for Human Rights Watch . A provision from the Saddam Hussein era endorses crimes committed "  with honorable motives , " according to the organization . The government spokesman said the provision was popular during the Saddam era , but is not used today . He added that there is a push to educate police about human rights . Attacks against civilians , including homosexuals , are not allowed , al-Dabbagh said .	Human Rights Watch says people are targeted on the streets and interrogated Group : Killings , kidnappings and torture of suspected homosexuals are escalating Attacks against civilians , including homosexuals , not allowed , Iraq spokesman says
CNN  -- It 's a hold-your-breath kind of place . Machu Picchu , one of the world 's greatest treasures , this weekend marks the 100th anniversary of its rediscovery by explorer Hiram Bingham . This majestic and mysterious ancient Inca settlement sits in splendid repose high on an Andean mountaintop . The well-preserved site is the leading tourist attraction in Peru , the third-largest country in South America . If you are planning to experience its magic , here are some things you 'll need to know : Getting within range Most visitors fly to Lima , Peru 's capital , then fly southeast to Cusco , located in a deep Andes valley . You 'll need to spend a few days there to get acclimated to the higher elevation , nearly 11,000 feet above sea level . Cusco was once the capital of the Inca world , but today it 's a city that comfortably caters to the hordes of visitors who stop over . After catching your breath , it 's time to travel to Machu Picchu . Most tourists take the train and there are different classes of service , from inexpensive to luxury . If you 're taking the train , make your reservations early , particularly in the high season from May to September . Hardy folks will hike the Inca Trail , which can take three or four grueling days to complete and is no walk in the park . The number of people allowed on the trail each day is limited , so you 'll need to book with an Inca Trail outfitter months in advance and arrange for permits . Reaching the mountain Trains take explorers to Aguas Calientes , a neat and tidy town at the base of the mountain where Machu Picchu rests . You buy two important tickets in the town center : bus tickets to Machu Picchu and entrance tickets for the ruins themselves  you ca n't buy tickets to the ruins at the entrance  . Purchase Machu Picchu tickets at the Machu Picchu Cultural Center in Aguas Calientes . It 's best to bring cash for the tickets , although there is an ATM in town . You can also buy advance tickets to Machu Picchu in Cusco at the Institute of National Culture . Tickets cost about $ 44 . Buy tickets for the bus before you get on at the ticket office near the departure point . The ticket office opens and the first buses head to Machu Picchu around 5 a.m. . The bus ride up the mountain takes 20 minutes but seems like forever , negotiating the stomach-churning switchback road to the top . Seeing Machu Picchu It is also called the Citadel , imperious and fortresslike on the mountain summit . Machu Picchu means "  Old Mountain " in Quechua , the language of the Incas . This old mountain is often covered in clouds , and the sheer drop at the edges of the ruins can be unsettling . There are two very distinct sections . The agricultural area leads to the impressive urban sector , where the religious , astronomical and residential structures still stand . The entire site is about two square miles . The Incas worshipped what they knew and built an impressive Temple of the Sun high above the residential zone . The days of the solstice were deeply special and spiritual to them . But there are also impressive places where the residents lived and worked , even spent time in prison for offenses committed . What 's the mystery ? The Citadel is not only enshrouded in mist but also in mystery . No one knows precisely its genesis , intended purpose , how many lived there or why they left . It appears to date from the period of the two great Incas , Pachacutec Inca Yupanqui  1438-71  and Tupac Inca Yupanqui  1472-93  , according to the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization . Bingham found Machu Picchu -- purely by accident -- on July 24 , 1911 , while heading a Yale University expedition to Peru . He was camping along the river near Aguas Calientes when he met a local campesino , or farmer , named Melchor Arteaga . He led Bingham up from the river to what were then jungle-covered ruins atop the Old Mountain . And the rest , as they say , is history . Bingham was actually looking for the famed ruins of Vilcabamba , some 60 miles away , known as the last stronghold of the Incas . The Incas were chased relentlessly by Spanish conquistadors , who began subjugating Peru in 1533 . The Spanish probably never knew about Machu Picchu , either , because they pursued the Incas in the opposite direction . The best way to experience the Citadel Machu Picchu is too important to rush . Most tourists spend part of just one day at the site . They arrive in Aguas Calientes in midmorning by train , visit the Citadel for a few hours , then catch the late afternoon trains back to Cuzco . I think it 's worth staying over in the town known for its hot springs and cold-running rivers . Aguas Calientes offers plenty of shops , restaurants and hotels . Begin your visit early in the day and stay late , when crowds thin and you 'll feel you have Machu Picchu all to yourself . The ruins are open from dawn to dusk every day . A stay of two days is optimal . On the first you can see every nook and cranny of the ancient settlement . Then on the second day , you can attempt to climb the mountains adjoining Machu Picchu . One is Huayna Picchu , which means "  Young Mountain . " Healthy hikers can make the trip in about an hour , but the path is very steep . If you ca n't make that trek , there are two smaller peaks : Huchu Picchu , which is the smallest , and Wychu Picchu . Machu Picchu is unquestionably a popular place . In fact , many scientists worry that the relentless crush of crowds is harming the ruins and could cause the Citadel to fall down the side of the mountain as soils shift But for now the crowds still come . Every day is unique and mystical at Machu Picchu . Take your time and see it in all its glory . George Bauer works at CNN and is also the creator and host of "  The Seasoned Traveler , " which airs on U.S. public television stations and Travel Channel International . CNN 's Katherine Dorsett contributed to this report .	Make train reservations early , especially from May to September Inca Trail hikers need permits and should book with an outfitter months in advance Visit the Lost City early in the morning or late in the afternoon for smaller crowds
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Education granted eight additional states waivers Tuesday from strict requirements of the No Child Left Behind law . The White House announced a deal last year that allows states relief from provisions of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act , or No Child Left Behind  NCLB  , if certain standards are met . The federal flexibility will be allowed "  in exchange for state-developed plans to prepare all students for college and career , focus aid on the neediest students , and support effective teaching and leadership , " according to the U.S. Department of Education . With the addition of eight news states , the Obama administration has approved 19 states so far , while 17 states and the District of Columbia are under review . U.S. Department of Education Secretary Arne Duncan announced the latest waivers for Connecticut , Delaware , Louisiana , Maryland , New York , North Carolina , Ohio and Rhode Island at an event in Hartford , Connecticut . "  These eight additional states are getting more flexibility with federal funds and relief from NCLB 's one-size-fits-all federal mandates in order to develop locally-tailored solutions to meet their unique educational challenges , " Duncan said . "  States must show they are protecting children in order to get flexibility . These states met that bar . " The first round of waivers was announced in late February . Republicans have been critical of Duncan and the waiver program . "  I do n't believe that the language of the law allows the secretary to provide conditional waivers , " said Rep. John Kline , R-Minnesota , chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce at a hearing in late March . GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney praised the progress of the No Child Left Behind Law in his education plan laid out last week in Washington , but criticized Democrats for stalling the issue "  As a result of NCLB , standards , assessments and data systems are light-years ahead of where they were a decade ago , " according to Romney . "  The Obama administration 's refusal to work with Congress to address these challenges represents a clear failure of leadership . " The U.S. Department of Education has given states a September 6 deadline to apply for the next round of waiver requests .	The addition of 8 new states brings to 19 the number of states with waivers Another 17 states and the District of Columbia are under review for waivers The White House announced last year states could get waivers if certain standards are met Education secretary : "  States must show they are protecting children in order to get flexibility "
Washington  CNN  -- Shots fired at a congressman 's campaign headquarters . Windows smashed at Democratic offices across the country . A coffin placed on a lawmaker 's lawn . Hate-filled voice mail messages left on members of Congress ' phone lines . Those are just some of the incidents reported since the House passed historic health care reform legislation Sunday -- a bill that became the law of the land . The issue has unleashed a deep-seated anger from those worried about a government takeover of health care , and what they deem as the process being "  rammed through " Congress . James Leach , with the National Endowment for the Humanities , said that while many of the acts may be protected under First Amendment rights , "  that does n't mean that they 're morally justified . " "  And we have to think of ourselves as , ` what kind of people are we ? ' " Leach said . "  Are we one people working together with rival thoughts , or are we enemies within ? And I think there 's something that 's been let loose in American politics that has to be thought about . " That anger was visible in unruly protests by health care activists at the Capitol over the weekend . Republican House members encouraged protesters outside and inside the House gallery , some of whom carried messages like "  Vote no or else " or "  If Brown wo n't stop it , a Browning will " -- a reference to newly elected Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown accompanied by a silhouette of a pistol . But the anger has boiled over into physical and verbal threats . Windows have been smashed at Democratic offices in at least three states , and federal agents are investigating whether a cut gas line at the home of a Virginia congressman 's brother was related to the lawmaker 's yes vote . Republicans have the right to be angry over the Democrat 's health care bill , but "  resorting to violent measures is exactly the wrong way to send a message , " Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said Thursday night . Rep. Anthony Weiner , D-New York , confirmed Thursday that his district office in Queens received an envelope containing white powder and a threatening letter . Later Thursday , Weiner told CNN that initial tests indicated the powder was not a biological agent , but that he still was awaiting final word from the New York Police Department . Workers at the office turned over their clothes for testing and were given protective suits before being allowed to go home a few hours later , Weiner said . The FBI and other law enforcement agencies are now looking into the threats , and at least 10 House Democrats have been given extra security . The voice mail has been vicious toward Michigan 's Bart Stupak , who switched his vote to seal the deal for the bill . He has released one of the voice mails . Listen to the voice mail "  Stupak , you are a lowlife , baby-murdering scumbag , pile of steaming crap . You 're a cowardly punk , Stupak , that 's what you are . You and your family are scum , " an unidentified caller said . "  That 's what you are , Stupak . You are a piece of crap . " "  Go to hell , you piece of -LSB- expletive deleted -RSB- " another caller said . Read more about Stupak 's political future On Sunday , Democratic Rep. Russ Carnahan of Missouri had a coffin placed on his lawn , said his spokeswoman , Sarah Howard . She said Tea Party protesters at his office in St. Louis had a coffin with them and later brought it to his house . The coffin was later removed , she said . Democratic congressional leaders have demanded Republicans join them in condemning a spate of threats and vandalism that has followed Sunday 's vote on the health care system overhaul . The top Republican in the House , Minority Leader John Boehner , condemned the threats and vandalism , telling reporters Thursday that it "  should not be part of a political debate . " "  There are ways for people to channel their anger , and they should do it in a constructive way , " he said . Liz Mair , a Republican consultant , said protesters "  are unfortunately crossing a line . " "  When we 're talking about violence , vandalism , threats , that crosses a legal line , in addition to being in plain old bad taste , " Mair said . "  And I think that there 's a lot that is in plain old bad taste that is going on . " Democrats are n't the only ones being targeted . Rep. Eric Cantor , the No. 2 Republican in the House of Representatives , said Thursday that a bullet had been fired through a window at his campaign office in Richmond , Virginia . Watch Cantor warn against Democrats "  fanning flames " A Richmond police spokeswoman confirmed to CNN that a bullet was fired at the congressman 's office . "  We are investigating the circumstance surrounding it , " spokeswoman Karla Peters said . Cantor also said that he had received threatening messages but that he would not publicly release the messages out of concern that doing so would only incite further violence . He also accused Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine and Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland -- a member of the Democratic House leadership -- of "  fanning the flames " of violence by using threats that have been made against Democratic members "  as political weapons . " iReport : ` Violent Threats after the Healthcare Signing ' "  Enough is enough , " Cantor said . "  It has to stop . " Democratic National Committee spokesman Brad Woodhouse hit back against Cantor 's claims . "  We disagree with the charge made by Rep. Cantor today that Democrats are using acts of violence for political gain , " he said . "  Let 's be clear : Calling on Republican leaders who have contributed in part to this anger by wildly mischaracterizing the substance and motives of health reform to condemn these acts is entirely appropriate . " Another Republican -- Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite of Florida -- said in a news release Thursday that she received what appeared to be a death threat on her district office 's voice mail . "  Just wan na let you know I have 27 people that are going to make sure that this b **** does not live to see her next term . Goodbye , " the voice mail said , according to the release . Brown-Waite said she contacted both the Capitol Police and the Hernando County sheriff , and they are "  looking into the matter and subpoenaing telephone records . " At least one of the threats aimed at lawmakers appears to be racially based . House Democratic Majority Whip James Clyburn , who is African-American , said he has received a fax in his office with a picture of a noose drawn on it and had threatening telephone calls at his home . "  We 're giving aid and comfort to these people , and this stuff gets ratcheted up , " Clyburn told CNN . "  We in this Congress have got to come together in a bipartisan way and tamp this foolishness down . It does n't make sense . That 's not what a democracy is all about . " Democratic officials and liberal Web sites are also upset that Sarah Palin used an image of crosshairs in a Facebook post this week listing 20 vulnerable Democrats who voted for the legislation . She plans to target them this election year with money from her political action committee . Read more about Palin 's targeting effort Palin 's team is fighting claims that she is encouraging threats of violence . One House member mentioned her Facebook posting during a Wednesday meeting on safety concerns , a Democratic source told CNN 's Dana Bash . Mention of the map brought audible groans to the room , the source said . An adviser to Palin responded by pointing to several instances in which the former Alaska governor has urged supporters to focus their energies on civil debate and action at the ballot box , not extremist activities . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash , Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick , Lesa Jansen and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	GOP Rep. Cantor says Dems have inflamed violence by using threats against them DNC spokesman denies that "  Democrats are using acts of violence for political gain " House Democrats have reported threats , other incidents "  Violence and threats are unacceptable , " House Minority Leader John Boehner says
Washington  CNN  -- On the 47th anniversary of the 1963 March on Washington on Saturday , the first sight on the National Mall for thousands of marchers was a four-story art installation that displayed four images and quotations of Martin Luther King Jr. . The participants in Glenn Beck 's "  Restoring Honor " rally paused as they walked toward the Washington Monument and Lincoln Memorial . Some stopped to have pictures taken with King as the backdrop . As recordings of King 's booming baritone filled the air , some of the Beck followers laughed and others booed . Some looked for someone to argue their case that King 's dream was passé , no more relevant to today 's politics than the race to the moon . Michael Murphy , an artist from Georgia , created a four-story structure that celebrates King to honor King 's spirit and to counter the rallies by Beck and the Rev. Al Sharpton . Four images , each with passages from King 's speeches , can be viewed from different perspectives . Rev. Jim Wallis , speaking at a celebration of King 's life near the temporary art installation , acknowledged the "  angry discussions about the legacy of this man . " A Beck marcher ran up to someone admiring the art and called out : "  We 'll be free again -- in November . " America 's political atmosphere at the time of the Beck and Sharpton rallies sometimes seems more toxic than the politics of 1963 . Beck has likened the policies of President Obama 's administration to those of Adolf Hitler and calls him a communist . Some in the Tea Party movement have questioned Obama 's patriotism and insinuated that he is an al Qaeda sympathizer . In fact , the political climate surrounding King 's 1963 march was tougher . But King and the civil rights movement provided a moral vision that made it possible for the U.S. to find a way out of those ugly times . The summer of 1963 produced as much conflict as almost any other year in American history . After King 's Birmingham , Alabama , campaign , more than 2,000 demonstrations broke out across the nation . More than 50,000 people were jailed . Many protests got violent . NAACP leader Medgar Evers was assassinated in Mississippi . Protesters in Danville , Virginia , got pummeled within an inch of their lives , then subjected to persecution . The governor of Maryland declared martial law in Cambridge . That summer , the civil rights campaigners moved north . Protests in New York , Philadelphia , Newark , Chicago and San Francisco took a dramatic turn toward incivility . Frustrated by years of inattention , renters in Philly dumped mountains of garbage in front of slumlords ' suburban homes . Malcolm X sneered at Jews . "  You have n't got no time to cry no tears for no Jews , " he called out at the Harlem Unity Rally . "  Why , they only killed 6 million Jews . " Meanwhile , segregationists were pushing constitutional amendments to overturn the principle of "  one man , one vote , " to give state judges power over the Supreme Court and to give states the power to amend the Constitution without any federal involvement . George Wallace and Ross Barnett led an effort to throw the 1964 presidential election into the House so that Dixie could determine the next president . Radical groups of all stripes wanted to use the March to make history . The Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan vowed to round up 10,000 or more white supremacists with the hope of inciting a conflict that would doom the civil rights cause . Segregationists in Congress even expressed hope that violence would ruin the march and the civil rights movement . Leftists , meanwhile , threatened to occupy the offices of segregationists on Capitol Hill and vent their anger at the White House and Justice Department . The Black Muslims denounced "  the Farce on Washington , " and Malcolm X came to razz the marchers . And on the edges of the movement , Communists tried to work their way into the march . But amid what Garry Wills called America 's second Civil War , the civil rights movement embraced the idea that the best way to gain rights was to appeal to everyone 's hearts and meet "  physical force with soul force , " as King put it . King himself did not always understand the imperative of love or nonviolence . As a young man , he later acknowledged , he hated whites . And he did not understand nonviolence right away either . In the early days of the Montgomery Bus Boycott , he hired men to guard his house with guns . By the time of the March , King understood that America could be changed only by winning over the other side . King understood that fighting violence with violence created only more violence . He knew that , whatever happened , blacks and whites needed to live together . One marcher who "  won " a train ticket to the March on Washington for his courageous conduct in demonstrations , later remembered the time racist thugs threw beer mugs at marchers in Charleston . His first reaction , Harvey Jones told me , was to stiffen up to be ready for a fight . King planted himself in front of Jones . "  If you do n't think you can respond nonviolently , maybe you should leave the march , " King said . He calmed down . King 's cause was moral , universal . He sought nothing for his people that other people did not enjoy . He wanted access to lunch counters and bus stations , the right to vote , equal access to schools , protection against mobs , fair police treatment . And King was willing -- and insisted that his followers be willing -- to suffer for the cause . Everyone remembers King 's speech at the March for four words : "  I have a dream . " And , in fact , those words were transcendent . They conjured up images of a better world . Those words connected the ordinary struggles of the movement -- brutally hard work rewarded with beatings and jail -- with the glorious possibilities of equality . But even more important were four other words : "  Unearned suffering is redemptive . " King warned that even the most innocent and decent people would continue to suffer . Oppressors never yield power willingly . They fight back viciously . So buck up . Move ahead , first into the swinging batons and electric cattle prods and water cannons . Because there is no other way . King could issue that challenge . He could be that blunt and honest because of the universal values he espoused . They were not fighting for an earmark or a tax cut , loopholes from an EPA regulations , a Department of Education grant or a Fannie Mae subsidy . They were fighting for their lives . It all seems so clear now , but it was n't back in 1963 , not for most people anyway . But the existence of this massive movement , with hundreds of thousands of ordinary people willing to put their bodies on the line with nonviolence and even love , created real light in what could have been the darkest of times . Who 's our King ? Who is drawing on the power of soul force ? Who is appealing to his bitterest enemies ? Who today is pointing to a new age of cooperation and brotherhood ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Euchner .	People arriving for the Glenn Beck rally were greeted by a tribute to Martin Luther King Jr. . Charles Euchner says King 's message is still relevant today He says King had to confront a much more rancorous political climate than today 's King overcame oppression through nonviolence , he says ; where is today 's King ?
Paris  CNN  -- Jean-Claude Mas , the founder of a French company that made defective breast implants , has been sentenced in France to four years in prison for fraud . Mas , who founded Poly Implant Prothese , or PIP , also must pay a 75,000 euro  $ 103,000  fine , according to Philippe Courtois , a lawyer representing women who had the company 's implants . Four other PIP executives tried alongside Mas at the Marseille court received lesser sentences , Courtois said . They are Claude Couty , managing director and chief executive of the company ; Hannelore Font , in charge of quality ; LoÃ ¯ c Gossart , in charge of production ; and the head of research and development , Thierry Brinon . Mas , who denied wrongdoing in the case , was arrested in January 2012 in connection with an investigation after the 2010 cancer death of a French woman with PIP implants . He still faces a separate trial on a charge of causing involuntary injury . An investigation found that the company 's implants contained silicone that had not been certified for that use . An estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received breast implants from PIP . The implants were banned in 2010 , and the company went bankrupt later that year . The implants were not approved for use in the United States . The French government said last year that it would pay for the removal of PIP implants for women in France . According to the national agency for the safety of drugs and health products , more than 17,000 women in France had had their PIP implants removed between 2001 and the end of September this year . Of the implants removed , a little more than a quarter were found to be faulty , it said . A report published by a European Commission panel in September found "  no convincing medical , toxicological or other data to justify removal of intact PIP implants as a precautionary approach . " It also found there was no reliable evidence that ruptured PIP implants create a greater health risk than a ruptured silicone breast implant from another manufacturer . However , scientific research shows that "  PIP implants produced in the period 2001-2010 have a higher probability of rupture and also of earlier rupture than other breast implants , " it said . Given this , the panel suggests it may be advisable for women with PIP implants to be offered regular assessments . CNN 's Sandrine Amiel reported from Paris and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London .	NEW : Four other PIP executives receive lesser sentences at the court in Marseille Jean-Claude Mas is sentenced to four years in prison for fraud Mas founded Poly Implant Prothese , or PIP , which made faulty implants An estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received PIP breast implants
