Since last week 's Boston Marathon bombing , some people have called for placing more surveillance cameras in America 's cities . This would be a mistake . It would be dangerous to our civil liberties , and it would be bad policy . I felt last week 's tragic events personally -- as a parent of young children , a runner and a graduate of Bedford High School in the Boston area . And it 's easy to see why those extraordinary images made us all more sensitive to the everyday possibility of danger . But the big picture is this : In a very unusual set of circumstances , two bad guys set off bombs . They killed three people , and injured many more . The people of Boston refused to be terrorized , and they worked with the police to catch those responsible in a few short days . Even under these extraordinary circumstances , our system worked . Bad people did bad things , but we found the suspects and we caught them . Surveillance cameras of course played a part . They probably allowed the suspects to be identified more quickly , and they will surely provide useful evidence at the surviving suspect 's criminal trial . Would more cameras have meant quicker apprehension of the suspects ? There 's no evidence to suggest this . And it 's important to remember that there are already lots of cameras in Boston . And though some may believe that blanketing our public areas with video surveillance will make us safer , we should reject this call . First , surveillance cameras are expensive . They are costly to install and maintain , and in a time of limited budgets , they could be mistaken for an adequate substitute for human police officers on the street . Should we trade off the cost of human police  or schools , or roads , or lower taxes  for even more robotic surveillance eyes ? I do n't think so . Second , surveillance cameras do n't necessarily deter serious crimes . Boston 's numerous cameras did n't stop the crime at the Boston Marathon , nor did London 's more extensive network of cameras deter the 2005 subway bombings . Boston 's talented police commissioner , Edward Davis , put it best right after last Monday 's events when he said that despite the city 's extensive security preparations , little short of a "  police state " could have stopped the attacks . It is to Davis ' great credit that as police commissioner he did n't want a police state . This brings me to my third point . Surveillance cameras , or other government surveillance technologies , have costs in civil liberties as well as in money . Surveillance cameras like we already have in Boston are like having a police officer with perfect memory on every street corner . It might be relatively easy to say that even more video cameras would amplify that effect while posing little threat to privacy . But surveillance cameras are getting better , and it 's now possible to pair them with facial recognition technology linked to state driver 's license databases . When this technology matures , it 'll give the police the power to monitor all of our movements in public linked to our real identities , not just to our anonymous faces . Such a system would conceivably give the government increased power over us , power that could be used not just to monitor , but in some cases , potentially , to blackmail , persuade or discriminate . Police on every corner might be one thing , but police who can instantly see your identity papers and constantly track you are another . We might decide we want a limited version of this system , but we need to talk about these things now , before well-meaning local governments make the decision for us . It might be difficult to hear , but we ca n't be perfectly safe all the time . And part of living in a free and open society means that occasionally some people will abuse that freedom . That 's why we have a criminal justice system in which the police investigate crimes . It 's better to punish the people who abuse their freedom and harm others than to take everyone 's liberties away and subject us all to the eye of the state . Less privacy , less civil liberties . Being constantly observed might make us feel slightly safer , but this would be only an illusion of safety . History has shown repeatedly that broad government surveillance powers inevitably get abused , whether by the Gestapo , the Stasi , or our own FBI , which engaged in unlawful surveillance  and blackmail  of "  dangerous " people like Martin Luther King Jr. . Last week 's events gripped our attention because they were extraordinary . Terror attacks , plane crashes , even school shootings stick in our head out of all proportion to the danger they pose to us as individual citizens precisely because they are extraordinary . But remember the big picture . How many people do you know who have been the victims of terrorism ? On the other hand , how many people do you know who have suffered from cancer , or obesity , or gun violence ? If we 're interested in safety , public health and gun control are much more important issues than terrorism . They , not surveillance , should be our safety priority . We should honor last week 's victims . We should praise the Bostonians , police and private citizens , who helped find the culprits . But we should also rest secure that our system of government is working . We should reject , like Edward Davis did last week , any call to move further towards a police state .	Neil Richards : After Boston terror attack , some call for more surveillance . That 's a bad idea He says cameras helped ID suspects , but it was the police system that worked He says more cameras would be costly , could not stand in for humans Richards : Punish those who abuse freedom , hurt others ; do n't take liberties away
CNN  -- Five people have now been charged in connection with the vicious mob beating of a Detroit man that some are calling a hate crime . Latrez Cummings , 19 , has been arrested and faces the same charges as the other suspects : assault with intent to murder and assault with intent to do great bodily harm , Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy announced Thursday . Bruce Edward Wimbush Jr. , 17 , Wonzey Saffold , 30 , and James Deontae Davis , 24 , were arraigned on Tuesday . The fifth suspect -- an unnamed 16-year-old who is being charged as a juvenile -- was also charged Thursday with ethnic intimidation , according to Worthy . About a dozen people attacked Steven Utash , a 54-year-old white man , after he accidentally struck a 10-year-old African-American boy who had stepped into a road , Detroit Police Sgt. Michael Woody said . Utash immediately stopped his vehicle to help the boy and was "  severely beaten " with "  fists and feet , " Worthy said in a news release at the time . He 's been in a medically induced coma since . All of the alleged assailants are African-American , according to Jennifer Moreno , a police spokeswoman . She said none of the charged suspects is believed to be related to or otherwise linked the boy or his family . She said the beating was "  a spontaneous response . " The state of Michigan 's penal code says a person is guilty of ethnic intimidation "  if that person maliciously , and with specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person 's race , color , religion , gender , or national origin , causes physical contact with another person -LSB- or -RSB- damages , destroys , or defaces any real or personal property of another person . " It can carry a prison sentence of up to two years . Detroit Police Chief James Craig would n't go so far as to call the attack a "  hate crime , " but , he said , "  the issue of race is being looked at " as a possible motive . He gave credit to a woman who stepped in as Utash was being attacked , CNN affiliate WDIV reported . "  Just her presence , offering aid to this gentleman , may have saved his life , " Craig said . That woman , Deborah Hughes , met Utash 's son to talk about what happened . "  I went to your dad , and he was unconscious . He was n't doing anything , " she said , WDIV reported . "  I go over there and I say , ` Do n't nobody else hit him . Do n't put your hands on him . Leave him alone ! ' And everybody backed up and let me go to work on your dad , " said Hughes , a retired nurse . She told WDIV that Utash regained consciousness at one point and asked , "  Is the boy dead ? " His son , Joe Utash , thanked Hughes for everything she did . "  I know that you saved him and that means so much to us , " he said , WDIV reported . The prosecutor 's office said the boy who was struck by Utash 's truck was taken to a local hospital and treated for a leg injury . Woody said that he was unsure of the extent of the boy 's injuries but that he is at home recovering from the accident . Some are wondering whether the beating April 2 reflects a state of racial tension in the Motor City . Local defense attorney Cliff Woodards II says the lack of outrage in the African-American community exposes hypocrisy among its leaders . "  Imagine , though , if this happened to a black tree trimmer who was passing through Roseville ? " wrote Woodards , who is African-American , in a Facebook post he titled "  Shame On Us . " Roseville is the suburb Utash hails from . "  Al Sharpton would have been on a plane before the man got out of surgery . Local community leaders and pastors would have taken to the airwaves and the pulpits in search of justice for this fallen hero . " Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan and City Council President Brenda Jones issued a statement Friday in response to outrage over the incident , asking for calm and patience from all Detroiters but made no mention of race . "  This senseless vigilante-style attack is not the essence of who we are as Detroiters and will not be tolerated , " the statement said . Utash 's daughter , Felicia Utash , told CNN affiliate WXYZ that she does n't want to believe the assault on her father was a hate crime , but she is pleased that suspects have been apprehended . She , along with her brother and sister , have set up a GoFundMe.com page for their father , who they say does not have health insurance . Donations have exceeded $ 150,000 in one week . Police are still searching for the remaining suspects . "  By no means are we through with this investigation , " Woody said .	A fifth suspect is charged in the April 2 beating of Steven Utash , 54 Utash , who is white , was attacked after he accidentally hit a black boy with his car One suspect -- a 16-year-old charged as a juvenile -- is accused of ethnic intimidation Utash has been in a medically induced coma since the attack
He 's on the outside looking in , and the view of Viktor Yanukovych seems to keep getting dimmer . A news conference Friday from his new quarters in southeastern Russia underscored just how dim his prospects appear to be , as the ousted Ukrainian President complained that his host -- and potential benefactor -- was not around and had done little to make his stay more comfortable . "  I consider that Russia must and has to act , " Yanukovych told a phalanx of reporters who had assembled in the city of Rostov-on-Don , near the southwestern border with Ukraine and about 700 miles south of Moscow . He did not specify what actions he was hoping for but made clear whom he was looking to . "  Knowing the character of Mr. Vladimir Putin , I am surprised why , up 'til now , he has remained restrained , silent . That is the question . " Though he and the Russian President had talked over the phone , they had not met , said Yanukovych , who appeared to concede that he did not know where Putin stands on his ouster and was hoping for clarity -- whenever the two men get together . "  As soon as this meeting takes place , I will understand his attitude . ... It would not be correct now for me to speak about what Russia should do now . ... Russia must use all its possibilities in order to overcome this chaos , this terror which today is taking place in Ukraine . It is difficult for me to say what can come about , but I would like to say again that I am categorically against any interference with the sovereign integrity of Ukraine as a state . " The location of the news conference itself underscored his isolation . "  I 'm struck by the fact that he 's in Rostov-on-Don and not in Moscow and that he has had a phone call with President Putin and not met , " former U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul told CNN . "  I thought he expressed dismay that President Putin has not been more decisive to defend him . " He cited Yanukovych 's comments as "  signs that he is not in good standing with his current host . " For his part , Putin discussed developments in Ukraine in a telephone call with European leaders , stressing the importance of avoiding an escalation of violence , according to a statement from the Kremlin , which did not cite Yanukovych . A call for Ukrainian harmony In a rambling news conference that lasted for more than an hour , the ousted leader spoke in Russian instead of the Ukrainian that he has used at official functions . Though he insisted that he 's still the boss and wants nothing more than to lead his country to peace , harmony and prosperity , he offered little evidence that he was in a position to do much about it . He pleaded for forgiveness "  from all who have suffered " in the chaos and violence that have roiled the country in recent weeks . He said he would "  bow down to all of them , no matter which side of the barricades they were on , " but then unleashed a volley of epithets targeting those who were on the side of the barricades that opposed him , referring to them as "  bandits " and "  fascists . " Wearing a dark business suit and tie , he cut a lonely figure as he held forth from a table , behind which stood four blue-and-yellow Ukrainian flags . During the news conference , he appeared contained as he fiddled with his pen . But he betrayed the pressure , staring down at his hands , which were on the table , bending a pen . When it snapped , he grimaced , then looked up and continued speaking . "  Everything that I can do , I will do to the end of my life to be with the people of Ukraine -- not with those nationalists , not with those bandits , but the people of Ukraine , " he said , adding that Western countries , including the United States , bore some of the blame for the unrest . He said that he had left his country only after his life and the lives of his family were threatened and that he planned to return when it is safe to do so . "  A normal way of life must be assured to the citizens of Ukraine , both in Kiev and in all regions of Ukraine , " he said , and he called for a national referendum "  as soon as possible . " Elections planned for May 25 in Ukraine would be illegal , he said , adding that he would not participate in them if they are held . "  I consider that all the elections must take place in accordance with the law and constitution of Ukraine , " he said . Yanukovych said he was "  ashamed " that he had not been able to maintain stability in his country . "  I want to apologize in front of everybody -- to the veterans , to the Ukrainian people -- that I did not have the strength to stop what is now taking place in the country from taking place , " he said . But he said that "  any military action " would be unacceptable . "  Ukraine must remain united and undivided , " he said , adding that the Russian-majority Crimean region must remain part of the state but given "  broad autonomy . " Yanukovych , who is wanted in Ukraine on charges related to the killings of demonstrators last week in Kiev , denied having ordered police to fire on them , killing scores . "  No government can succeed with bloodshed , and everything that has taken place is the responsibility of those who did it , " he said . "  I never gave any order for the police to shoot , " he said , asserting that they fired in self-defense in the face of "  an attack of a mass character . "	Ex-envoy sees signs that Yanukovych "  is not in good standing with his current host " Yanukovych and Russian President Vladimir Putin have talked by phone but have not met The ousted President expresses surprise that Putin has not done more
CNN  The robot revolution may be gentler than we thought . We 're not sure if the robotic staff at a planned hotel in Japan will be tucking guests into their beds at night , but they 'll be performing plenty of other traditional hospitality tasks . Huis Ten Bosch , a theme park modeled after the Netherlands in Japan 's Nagasaki Prefecture , has announced plans to open a hotel with robot staff and other advanced technologies . The hotel will be called Henn-na Hotel , which translates as Strange Hotel . According to the park , the first phrase of the two-story hotel will open on July 17 with 72 rooms . The second phrase will be completed in 2016 with an additional 72 rooms . Operating under the motto "  A commitment for evolution , " the hotel will feature three "  actroids "  robots with strong human likeness  that will act as receptionists . They 'll be able to engage in intelligent conversations with human guests . The hotel will also employ four service and porter robots , and others engaged in menial tasks such as cleaning . High-tech features keep prices low "  We 'll make the most efficient hotel in the world , " boasts Huis Ten Bosch president Hideo Sawada . Sawada says he hopes robots will eventually run 90 % of the property . "  In the future , we 're hoping to build 1,000 similar hotels around the world , " says Sawada , according to Japan 's Nikkei News . Other features will help make Henn-na the most futuristic low-cost hotel in the industry , according to the company . Guestroom doors will be accessed by facial-recognition technology . Amenities provided in rooms will be kept minimal . Guests can request items through a tablet when needed . Instead of air-conditioning , a radiation panel will detect body heat in rooms and adjust the temperature . Solar power and other energy-saving features will be used to reduce operating costs . Bid for your room Room rates will vary depending on demand . Instead of being presented with a fixed price , guests will bid for rooms during peak season . The highest bidders will secure rooms , though there will be a price cap on bidding . The hotel says room fees at opening will be from JPY7 ,000  $ 60  for a single room to JPY18 ,000  $ 153  , the highest possible price after bidding , for a triple room . Superior and deluxe rooms will cost more . Guests can already reserve rooms online through the hotel 's website . Huis Ten Bosch , 1-1 Huis Ten Bosch Machi , Sasebo , Nagasaki Prefecture , Japan ; +81 570 064 110	A theme park in Japan is planning to open a hotel run mostly by robots Other high-tech features include guestroom doors opened by facial-recognition technology The hotel will invite travelers to bid for rooms during high season
CNN  -- They 're hardly known for exciting dining . Historically , they 've been a last-ditch option driven by fatigue and convenience . But hotel restaurants have come a long , long way . The Daily Meal 's list of 101 Best Hotel Restaurants Around the World was announced Tuesday . To be considered , the hotels had to have at least 15 rooms , and the restaurant had to be part of the hotel .  Restaurants just a few feet from the hotels did n't make the cut . The top spot went to é by José Andrés at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas . The United States had 20 restaurants on the list , with Las Vegas taking three spots in the Top 10 . "  It 's no news that Las Vegas today has many of the best , most exciting restaurants in America -- especially on the upper level of dining , " said Colman Andrews , The Daily Meal 's editorial director , via e-mail . "  We know many people who now go to Las Vegas primarily to eat and relax , never setting foot in a casino except to pass through on the way to the next great meal . " Eatocracy 's 7 sure bets for Las Vegas dining Europe dominated the list with 26 restaurants , while North America came in second place  with 20 restaurants from the United States and five from Canada  . Asia and the Indian Ocean/Pacific Ocean regions had 24 venues on the list , while the rest of the world followed : Caribbean/Central America , nine ; South America , five ; Africa , nine ; and the Middle East , three . Andrews and travel editor Elsa Säätelä chose nominees on six continents , including more than 50 countries and more than 80 cities . They invited 12 experienced food writers and bloggers , restaurant critics and other lifestyle writers -- who also got to nominate their favorites -- to vote anonymously for their top picks . "  We did not discriminate on location ; no island , nation , or province was off the table , " Säätelä said in a statement .	Hotel restaurant nominations came from six continents Hotels had to have at least 15 rooms to be included on The Daily Meal 's list Experienced food writers and critics voted on the list of nominations
CNN  -- As part of revamped security following last year 's deadly bombings , the Boston Marathon has banned various items for the 2014 race , including bags and strollers . The bombs placed in backpacks exploded near the finish line last year , killing three people . Backpacks , handbags , suitcases and similar items are prohibited from entering any marathon venues this year . So are containers with more than 1 liter of liquid , costumes covering the face , and bulky clothes such as vests with pockets . Runners can not take the items anywhere near the 26-mile course , organizer Boston Athletic Association said in a statement Wednesday . Marathoners will be allowed to carry clear , plastic bags provided by the organizers . They can also run with small fanny packs for medication and cell phones , and fuel belts that hold a bottle under one liter . Large flags or signs bigger than 11 inches x 17 inches are also banned from marathon venues . Marathon venues include the start and finish areas , the course , athletes ' village and areas where official events are held . Unregistered runners and cyclists , who jump into the race along various points , are not welcome this year , either . "  We are aware that many people want to participate in some way in this year 's Boston Marathon as a display of support , " the statement said . "  But we ask that those who are not official participants to refrain from entering the course for the safety of the runners and themselves . " On April 15 last year , double bombings hit the Boston Marathon , which attracts elite runners from all over the world . They exploded within 12 seconds of each other . Three people died and 264 others were injured . Two brothers , Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , are suspected of planting the homemade bombs near the finish line . The latter faces a potential death penalty and appears in court in November . His brother was killed in a police shootout shortly after the bombings . The 118th Boston Marathon will be held on April 21 . Tsarnaev goes on trial in November For victims , death penalty decision a ` step forward '	The list of banned items is part of revamped security following last year 's deadly bombings The Boston Marathon will be held on April 21 Organizers are preparing for 36,000 entrants this year .
Washington  CNN  -- America 's longest war . Much more National Security Agency surveillance . An alphabet soup of new government departments and agencies . Long security lines at airports . All those things happened in response to the 9/11 al Qaeda attacks on New York and the Pentagon that forever changed U.S. security perceptions and practices . Now a commission created to examine what happened then says we need to do more now to protect ourselves . Read the 9/11 Commission 's new report "  The ` generational struggle ' against terrorism described in ` The 9/11 Commission Report ' is far from over , " the panel said this week in reference to its assessment a decade earlier . "  Rather , it is entering a new and dangerous phase , and America can not afford to let down its guard . " Its bottom line assessment ? "  Strenuous counterterrorism efforts will remain a fact of our national life for the foreseeable future . " Here is a look at the report , analyzing what has worked , what has n't and has to happen now . WHAT WORKED Going after al Qaeda 's leadership The immediate reaction to the hijack attacks that toppled the World Trade Center towers and damaged the Pentagon targeted the culprit -- the al Qaeda network of Osama bin Laden operating out of Afghanistan near the Pakistani border . Years of war in Afghanistan ended the safe haven there for terrorists and achieved the goal of degrading al Qaeda 's core , the report said . U.S. special forces eventually killed bin Laden in Pakistan . Air travel security Long security lines , reinforced cockpit doors , removing laptops from carry-on bags , no liquids , checking shoes -- all followed the attacks that killed 3,000 people . A no-fly list that had 16 names before the attacks now has more than 1,000 , the report noted . So far , no similar foreign attack has occurred in America . The closest call came in 2009 when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab failed to ignite an explosive in his underwear as a Northwest Airlines jet from Amsterdam approached Detroit on Christmas Day . Expanded government The Department of Homeland Security . The director of National Intelligence and the National Counterterrorism Center . The Transportation Security Administration . The FBI National Security Branch and the military 's Cyber Command . All exist in response to the 9/11 attacks as part of an unprecedented expansion and reorganization of government security resources . "  These measures have largely succeeded , " the report said . "  The mass-casualty attacks many feared in the wake of 9/11 did not materialize . Today , in large part because of these many reforms , the United States is a much harder target . " NSA surveillance The security apparatus also expanded its ability to track telephone and computer communications after 9/11 . Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked classified details of those programs last year , revealing they were much broader and potentially intrusive than publicly known . A resulting backlash at home and abroad caused the Obama administration to make some changes without substantively changing the ability to monitor suspect communications . "  We believe these programs are worth preserving , albeit with additional oversight , " the report said . The American spirit The Boston Marathon went on as scheduled this spring , undeterred by the terrorist bombings at the finish line a year earlier , the 9/11 commissioners noted . "  This year 's triumphant marathon sent an unmistakable message to the world : Americans will not bend to terrorism , " the report said , adding that "  the country must continue to prepare for the unforeseen , but it appears to be moving in the right direction . " WHAT HAS N'T WORKED Full disclosure The new report 's biggest takeaway ? Tell the people what they need to know . Prior to the 9/11 attacks , "  the government did not effectively explain to the public the evil that was stalking us , " it said . "  We fear that this is happening again . " On major issues of the day -- a transformed and resurging al Qaeda , the growing terrorist haven spawned by the Syrian conflict , increasing cyber threats -- "  public awareness lags behind official Washington 's , " it said . "  If this gap persists , the political support for needed national security capabilities will fade , " the report continued . "  In today 's very dangerous world , that is something we can ill afford . " Efforts to reduce Islamic extremism Islamic extremism has increased in the past decade , the report said . "  While al Qaeda 's various affiliates are enmeshed in their own local conflicts , hatred of the United States remains a common thread , " it added , citing the emergence of groups such as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , Al Shabaab and Boko Haram . "  Partly , this is a consequence of the Arab Spring and the power vacuums and ungoverned spaces that have sprung up in its wake , " it said . "  Partly , it is the result of America 's inability or reluctance to exert power and influence in a number of places . " In particular , the commissioners noted their 2004 report on the 9/11 attacks said that if Iraq became a failed state , "  it will go to the top of the list of places that are breeding grounds for attacks against Americans at home . " Today , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria controls vast territory in those countries , creating "  a massive terrorist sanctuary , " the latest report said . A State Department official warned a congressional committee on Wednesday that "  ISIS is al Qaeda . " "  It may have changed its name , it may have broken with senior al Qaeda leadership such as Ayman al-Zawahiri , but it is al Qaeda in its doctrine , ambition and increasingly in its threat to U.S. interests , " said Brett McGurk , the deputy assistant secretary for Iraq and Iran . "  In fact it is worse than al Qaeda . " Congress Not surprisingly , a dysfunctional Congress with some of the lowest approval ratings also gets cited by the 9/11 commissioners . The funding process for national security is fragmented , with multiple budget categories providing the money . In addition , the Homeland Security Department reports to more than 90 congressional committees and subcommittees . "  While the executive branch has undergone historic change and institutional reform , Congress has proved deeply resistant to needed change , " the report said . "  It has made some minor adjustments , but not the necessary structural changes in oversight and appropriations for homeland security and intelligence . " WHAT NOW Prepare better for cyber attacks According to the report , readiness to deal with cyber attacks "  lags far behind the threat . " The commissioners noted the issue got little mention in their 2004 report , but now represents a constant and growing concern . "  One lesson of the 9/11 story is that , as a nation , Americans did not awaken to the gravity of the terrorist threat until it was too late , " the report said . "  History may be repeating itself in the cyber realm . " It called for government leaders to "  describe to the American people , in terms as specific as possible , the nature of the threat and the tools they need to combat it . " "  A growing chorus of senior national security officials describes the cyber domain as the battlefield of the future , " the report said . "  Yet Congress has been unable to pass basic cybersecurity legislation , despite repeated attempts . " Use of military powers After 2001 , Congress authorized the use of military forces against terrorists behind the 9/11 attacks . It remains the legislative permission slip today . The report said the authorization needs updating , calling on the administration to "  clearly explain whether it needs new legal authority to confront threats like ISIS and how far , in its view , any new authority should extend . " Better oversight Streamline the system so that the NSA and the Homeland Security Department have more clear and direct oversight , the report recommended . "  If Congress is not effectively overseeing these programs , no one is , " the report said . Vigilance The biggest threat to America is failing to recognize the threat still exists and is growing . "  Many Americans think that the terrorist threat is waningâ $ " that , as a country , we can begin turning back to other concerns , " the report said . "  They are wrong . " The threat remains "  grave , " it continued , warning "  we can not afford to be complacentâ $ " vigorous counterterrorism efforts are as important as ever . " In particular , the report said , "  young Americans need to know that terrorism is not going away . " CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report .	Americans do n't realize the terrorist threat they face , a new report says Get used to "  strenuous counterterrorism efforts , " the 9/11 commission says It issued a new assessment 10 years after its report on the 9/11 terrorist attacks Cyber attacks have become a major threat , the new report says
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A former Iranian presidential candidate is calling on one of the Islamic republic 's most powerful clerics to approve a special committee to investigate alleged mistreatment of detainees arrested in the aftermath of the disputed presidential elections . Mehdi Karrubi says an "  impartial committee " is needed to investigate alleged mistreatment of detainees . In an open letter to Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani posted Saturday on his party 's Web site , reformist Mehdi Karrubi says an "  impartial committee " is needed to "  investigate these tragedies with transparency until they are resolved . " He said he is willing to lead the investigation in a "  truthful , unbiased fashion . " The letter is dated July 29 and was posted on the Karrubi 's Eetemade-Melli  National Trust  party 's Web site , called Saham News . The Web site said the letter was posted after Rafsanjani failed to respond . The treatment of detainees at Iran 's prisons has increasingly become a high profile issue , with human-rights groups accusing guards of conducting harsh interrogations , beatings , sleep deprivation , and threats of torture to coerce false confessions . Iranian media reported that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , ordered one prison , Kahrizak , shut down amid reports it did not measure up to the required standards . Kahrizak 's chief was fired and arrested over allegations of detainee mistreatment , according to local reports Saturday . A special parliamentary committee has made rounds at Tehran 's Evin prison , but did not find any signs of abuse , according to recent media reports . Hundreds of detainees have since been reportedly released from Evin , though "  political figures " were held and put on trial . In his plea for an investigation , Karrubi says he has heard descriptions of torture and violence that make his "  body shake , " though he does n't specify a prison . "  Some of the former detainees have told of such brutal and violent , repeated rapes of the young women -LSB- in detention -RSB- that have caused irreparable damage to their reproductive systems , " Karrubi says in the letter . "  Others have raped our detained young men with such brutality that they -LSB- the victims -RSB- have been afflicted by depression and are no longer speaking with anyone and refuse to leave the dark corners of their houses . " He adds that an investigation will "  teach a lesson to the thugs and criminals in the future and prevent the smearing of the reputation of the Islamic Republic . " Rafsanjani -- a former president and head of the Assembly of Experts , the council responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader -- called for the release of the detainees during a highly anticipated July 17 sermon at Friday prayers . He backed Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi in the presidential election , in which hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming winner . Karrubi and Moussavi unsuccessfully challenged the results for weeks , and Ahmadinejad was sworn in for his second term last week . Rafsanjani himself has been accused of helping fuel the post-election unrest as part of recent mass trials of the remaining detainees over the past week .	Mehdi Karrubi calls for investigation in letter to Rafsanjani posted on Web site He said he is willing to lead the investigation in a "  truthful , unbiased fashion " Karrubi sites brutal beatings , torture and rapes of both men and women detained Mehdi Karrubi was one of the candidates in June 's disputed presidential election
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With the election of the next president a year away , Sen. Hillary Clinton remains the person to beat , a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll released Monday suggests . As the countdown begins to November 4 , 2008 , the New York Democrat continues to dominate the race for the Democratic presidential nomination , and comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or the GOP front-runner , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani . But Clinton 's path to the White House is in no way certain . Clinton was criticized for her performance during a debate last week , and her rivals for the Democratic nomination have stepped up attacks that she has equivocated on her position on Iraq , Iran and other major issues . The Republican presidential candidates have also stepped up their attacks on the Democratic front-runner , with each suggesting that he has the best chance of stopping Clinton . The attacks may be working . The CNN/Opinion Research polls suggests that Clinton 's support has slipped from its height one month ago . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider on the latest poll numbers " "  Clinton 's strength is about where it was throughout the summer , indicating that she has lost the support she gained last month but that Obama has not yet cut into her core constituency , " CNN political director Keating Holland said . Clinton is the top choice of 44 percent of the likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll . Her closest rival , Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , was the top choice of 25 percent , and former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina has 14 percent . All other Democratic candidates were in single digits . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson was backed by 4 percent , Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware by 3 percent , Sen. Christopher Dodd by 2 percent , Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich by 2 percent and former Alaska Sen. Mike Gravel was at 1 percent . The poll involved 467 interviews conducted on November 2-4 with Democrats or independents who lean Democratic . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . View the poll results " In an October CNN/Opinion Research poll , Clinton was supported by 51 percent of Democratic voters and had a 30 point lead over Obama . During last week 's Democratic debate , Clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow Democratic presidential rivals , who are desperate to shake up the presidential race just months before the first voting occurs in the Iowa Caucus in early January . Edwards was particularly aggressive during the debate , criticizing Clinton for her stance on Iraq , Iran and Social Security . "  The American people ... deserve a president of the United States that they know will tell them the truth and wo n't say one thing one time and something different at a different time , " Edwards said . Edwards has also accused Clinton of being a "  corporate Democrat " too willing to defend a "  corrupt " Washington establishement . "  We desperately need in the next president someone that recognizes we have a system in Washington that 's become broken , corruption has crept into it , and we have to tell the truth about that , " Edwards said Monday . "  If you defend that system , I do n't believe you can bring about the change that America needs . " In the Republican presidential race , Giuliani continues to be the leading candidate , with the backing of 28 percent of the Republican primary voters polled . Former Sen. Fred Thompson of Tennessee was backed by 19 percent . Sen. John McCain of Arizona was the top pick of 16 percent , and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney had 11 percent . Of the remaining Republican candidates , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee received 10 percent , Texas Rep. Ron Paul 5 percent , California Rep. Duncan Hunter 4 percent and Colorado Rep. Tom Tancredo 3 percent . The poll involved telephone interviews with 397 Republicans or independents who lean Republican . The poll 's margin of error was 5 percentage points . In a head-to-head matchup of the two front-runners , Clinton leads Giuliani 51 percent to 45 percent . That lead has increased since October , when Clinton led Giuliani 49 percent to 47 percent . "  The overall political environment seems to favor the Democrats , partly because Democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election and partly because the public is in a sour mood , which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party , " Holland said . Only 42 percent of Americans think things are going well , while 58 percent think things are going badly , the poll found . "  The public is not just pessimistic about the country -- Americans are angry , " Holland said . "  More than eight in 10 say they are angry about the way things are going in the country . " Clinton 's lead over Giuliani would be greater if a third-party candidate entered the race who believes abortion should be illegal in all circumstances , the poll found . In a three-way race , Clinton would get the support of 48 percent of voters , Giuliani 32 percent and the third-party candidate 18 percent . The poll 's margin of error was plus-or-minus 3 percent . "  My analysis of it is that -LSB- a third-party candidate -RSB- is more of an attempt to keep the nomination from me , " Giuliani said . "  You know it is a tactic , and a legitimate one . People have to think about that and consider it . " The lack of enthusiasm for Giuliani , particularly by social conservatives , could spell trouble for the GOP next year if he becomes the nominee , Holland said . "  Only 27 percent of Republicans say they would feel enthusiastic if Giuliani won the GOP nod , and the remaining GOP candidates fare even worse , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Sen. Clinton supported by 44 percent of Democrats polled , down from October Rudy Giuliani continues to lead Republican presidential field with 28 percent Clinton beats Giuliani 51 percent to 45 percent , the poll found Only 42 percent think things are going well in the U.S. , according to the poll
EW.com  -- Hayden Panettiere picks up the mic dropped by Anne Hathaway , the original voice of Little Red Riding Hood in 2005 's "  Hoodwinked " . And time has not been kind to the thin charms of this "  Shrek " wannabe . Now Red teams up with her Granny  Glenn Close  to look into the abduction of Hansel and Gretel . Even with SNL 's infinitely inventive Bill Hader and Amy Poehler in the H&G vocal roles , the movie ca n't be saved from its own vices of manic pacing and tediously pro forma pop culture jokes . EW.com rating : C See full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Red teams up with her Granny to look into the abduction of Hansel and Gretel SNL 's infinitely inventive Bill Hader and Amy Poehler voice H&G The movie ca n't be saved from its own vices of manic pacing
CNN  -- Bret has become the second tropical storm of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season , according to the National Weather Service . As of Sunday night , Bret was about 100 miles  165 kilometers  northwest of Great Abaco Island in the Bahamas , packing maximum sustained winds of 40 mph  65 kph  with higher gusts . These winds could be felt up to 35 miles  55 kilometers  from the center of the storm . Not much movement was expected overnight , but the National Weather Service said it expected a slow north-northeastward motion to begin on Monday . Additional strengthening is expected in the next 48 hours , according to the agency . A tropical storm watch is in effect for Grand Bahama Island and the Abaco Islands in the northwest Bahamas . Bret could produce 1-3 inches of rainfall and high surf conditions along northern - and western-facing beaches .	Bret strengthens from a tropical depression to a tropical storm Bret is the second tropical storm of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season The storm is 100 miles northwest of Great Abaco Island in the Bahamas Bret is expected to strengthen over the next 48 hours
CNN  -- For students , parents and teachers in Chardon , Ohio , the week has been a disorienting one after a high school shooting left three teenagers dead . As the community of 5,100 tries to regain the normalcy that was shattered by violence , the Chardon school district has decided to resume classes Friday . Throughout the week , the school system has offered counseling . Teachers and staff members were asked to return to school , where they could meet with counselors , on Wednesday . Parents and students were also encouraged to come to campus on Thursday , when counseling will also be offered . After such a traumatic incident , counselors focus on two stages of recovery : the immediate response of helping people feel safe and the longer-term process of helping them cope . Tom Olbrich , disaster response coordinator at the Jefferson Center for Mental Health in Wheat Ridge , Colorado , worked with youth , faculty and families in the aftermath of the 1999 Columbine High School shootings . After thousands of hours with them , Olbrich and his colleagues learned that there 's no quick fix . Some kids required as many as three years of assistance . There 's a wide range of reactions , and it could depend on how close they were to the kids who were hurt and what they witnessed , he said . For families who lost children and students who lost friends , it 's a much more difficult struggle . Most people process the events and heal , but about 8 % to 15 % are likely to develop post-traumatic stress disorder , said Russell T. Jones , professor of psychology at Virginia Tech , who counseled survivors of the shootings there . After a school shooting , students may be reluctant to return to classes and resume their normal academic life , experts say . On Monday morning , a student identified as T.J. Lane fired shots in the Chardon High School cafeteria . Police say the 17-year-old sophomore confessed to firing 10 rounds and was described by the county prosecutor as having chosen his victims "  at random . " The victims are Daniel Parmertor , 16 , a teen who loved to ski and found work maintaining the computerized pins at the local bowling alley , who died Monday ; Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , who died Tuesday morning ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 , who was declared brain dead early Tuesday . Two others were injured . There is an expectation of safety at school , so it 's natural for students , parents and staff members to feel angry , shocked and scared . At this point , the children are probably receiving traumatic stress event counseling , said Dominick Flarey , the executive director of the American Academy of Grief Counseling . He is not involved in the counseling of the Chardon High School students . "  The first need of the kids is going to be to feel safe and doing what they can to make the kids in the high school understand that they are safe , " he said . In the short term , counselors help connect kids , parents and faculty with their natural supports such as friends , family and others whom they 're comfortable being around , to emphasize feelings of safety . Children may have fears about going back to school , which counselors try to assuage by identifying whom the child can be with in order to feel safe . "  Kids are going to go through a range of reactions in the next days and weeks , " Olbrich said Parents have also been through distress , because they were probably panicking over the safety of their kids , Flarey said . The initial counseling can reassure people that it 's OK to be upset . "  It 's not swept under the rug and ` let 's pretend it did n't happen , ' " Flarey said . After the shootings at Virginia Tech that left 32 students dead in April 2007 , Jones , a clinical psychologist , was one of the counselors who went into classes to discuss the symptoms of depression , acute stress disorder and PTSD . Virginia Tech students find support , outlet for grief online "  People typically have nightmares , " Jones said . "  People are angry . People are typically having difficulty concentrating ; they might be irritable . They might snap at others . They might have tendency to avoid the situation . All of these are very normal reactions . " For most people , it takes days and weeks to move on with their routines . "  What we try to tell individuals is that one can expect that to happen , " he said . "  They are not ` crazy . ' Those are very normal reactions to abnormal actions . That 's comforting to most individuals . " Those who had symptoms persisting beyond a month were encouraged to see mental health specialists , Jones said . "  The classic response is avoidance , because people do n't want to think about it or go to places that remind them of it , " Jones said . Research published by Jones and his colleagues in 2011 found that 15.4 % of Virginia Tech students experienced high levels of post-traumatic stress three to four months after the shootings . Life at Virginia Tech a year later Some of the "  real therapy " happens when the initial shock wears off , Olbrich said . Olbrich and his colleagues ran several support groups after the shootings at Columbine High School in 1999 , still the deadliest event at an American high school , in which 12 students and a teacher died . Debunking the myths of Columbine , 10 years later In group therapy sessions , the counselors tried to group kids together who had similar levels of exposure to the incident . For instance , students in the library had some of the worst experiences , as this is where much of the massacre took place and where the two shooters killed themselves . Ideally , these kids would not be in the support group with students who saw or heard different things . "  If you mix those groups , there 's a risk that the stories they tell could actually re-traumatize kids who did n't see that , " Olbrich said . In Columbine , the demand for services related to that shooting hit its peak a year and a half after the shooting , Olbrich said . Traumatic memories flooded back for some when they heard helicopters , since there were a lot of helicopters in the air on the day of the Columbine shooting . Nothing the same after Columbine There were ongoing programs for up to three years after the shooting , but not everyone needed that extended support . A small number of people affected by the incident , to this day , struggle with memories that come back on occasions such as the anniversary of the shooting , Olbrich said . At Virginia Tech , Jones said , some individuals present at the shooting did n't come forward for treatment until 4Â 1/2 years later . Students should be encouraged to talk about it with their support system when they 're ready , said Jones . "  Children and families should not be forced to talk about it , because compulsive retelling has adverse effects on individuals , " he said . Another strategy is to encourage adolescents to write their feelings in a journal , Flarey said . "  When emotions stay stuck within themselves , that 's when grief tends to become more complicated , " he said . An adolescent 's recovery from a tragedy like this can be a long process that 's very individual . Some kids bounced right back ; others took more time . The community still remembers the event but has largely moved forward , Olbrich said of Columbine . "  Sometimes , people talk about wanting to get back to normal . And you sort of have to help people realize that it 's never going to be quite the way it was , " he said . "  There will be a new normal you reach , but it will be different than how things were before . But it can still be good , and you can be productive , and you can get through this and come out of it even stronger . " CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this story .	Chardon , Ohio , schools open for counseling for teachers , parents and students First step is to make kids , parents and faculty feel safe , counselors say Much of "  real therapy " happens long after the event
CNN  -- Russia 's military occupation of Ukrainian territory on the Crimean peninsula constitutes a blatant violation of the commitments that Moscow undertook in the 1994 Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances for Ukraine . The United States and United Kingdom , the other two signatories , now have an obligation to support Ukraine and penalize Russia . When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , Ukraine found itself holding the world 's third largest nuclear arsenal , including some 1,900 strategic nuclear warheads that had been designed to attack the United States . Working in a trilateral dialogue with Ukrainian and Russian negotiators , American diplomats helped to broker a deal -- the January 1994 Trilateral Statement -- under which Ukraine agreed to transfer all of the strategic nuclear warheads to Russia for elimination and to dismantle all of the strategic delivery systems on its territory . Kiev did this on the condition that it receive security guarantees or assurances . The Budapest Memorandum , signed on December 5 , 1994 , by the leaders of Ukraine , Russia , the United States and the United Kingdom  the latter three being the depositary states of the Non-Proliferation Treaty , that is , the states that receive the accession documents of other countries that join the treaty   laid out a set of assurances for Ukraine . These included commitments to respect Ukraine 's independence , sovereignty and existing borders ; to refrain from the threat or use of force against Ukraine 's territorial integrity and independence ; and to refrain from economic coercion against Ukraine . Rubio , Cotton : Congress must act quickly to punish Putin The memorandum bundled together a set of assurances that Ukraine already held from the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe  CSCE  Final Act , United Nations Charter and Non-Proliferation Treaty . The Ukrainian government nevertheless found it politically valuable to have these assurances in a Ukraine-specific document . Words matter , and a big question at the time arose over whether to use the term "  guarantees " or "  assurances " in the memorandum . The United States provides guarantees to allies , such as NATO member states ; the term implies a military commitment . In the early 1990s , neither the George H. W. Bush administration nor the Clinton administration was prepared to extend a military commitment to Ukraine -- and both felt that , even if they wanted to , the Senate would not produce the needed two-thirds vote for consent to ratification of such a treaty . The Budapest Memorandum thus was negotiated as a political agreement . It refers to assurances , not defined , but less than a military guarantee . U.S. negotiators -- myself among them -- discussed this point in detail with Ukrainian counterparts so that there would be no misunderstanding . What is taking place today in Crimea can only be described as a Russian military occupation . The Russian Black Sea Fleet and its associated units have had bases in Crimea since 1991 , by agreement with Ukraine . But the agreement does not allow for the Russian military , which has poured thousands of additional troops onto the peninsula over the past several days , to take control of Crimea . Opinion : Putin 's Ukranian endgame These Russian actions are in blatant violation of the Budapest Memorandum , as well as Russia 's commitments under the CSCE Final Act and a 1997 bilateral Ukraine-Russia treaty . As signatories , the United States and United Kingdom have an obligation to respond , even if they are not obligated to respond with military force . Washington and London should act in two ways . First , they should work with other European Union member states to support Ukraine . That means political engagement , such as Secretary of State John Kerry 's visit today to Kiev . They should also assemble a financial package with the International Monetary Fund to extend credits to Ukraine . That can give the country some breathing room as it undertakes critical reforms to put its economic house in order . Second , Washington and London should work with the European Union and others to impose political , diplomatic and economic sanctions on Moscow unless and until Russia ceases its violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . This has begun . On Sunday , the United States , United Kingdom , Germany , France , Italy , Canada and Japan announced they were suspending preparations to take part in the G8 summit to be hosted in June in Sochi by Russian President Vladimir Putin . Other steps have been taken , and still others are being planned . The West should aim to impose significant costs on Russia that will lead Putin to rethink his actions . That likely will prove difficult , but there can be no business as usual with Moscow . Opinion : How Putin carries out power grab A strong response is important for settling Ukraine 's current crisis . It also matters for the cause of nuclear nonproliferation . Security assurances were key to bringing Kiev to agree to get rid of its nuclear arms . If Washington and London do not stand by the Budapest Memorandum now , it would discredit the idea of such assurances . That would be unfortunate , as security assurances could play a role in defusing nuclear proliferation cases , such as Iran . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Pifer .	Steven Pifer : In Ukraine occupation , Russia reneging on 1994 deal to leave it alone Budapest Memorandum let Ukraine shed nukes in exchange for its sovereignty , he says U.S. , Russia , UK , Ukraine signed . Russia now reneging . West must penalize it , he says Pifer : Failure to support Ukraine could delegitimize future nuke deals , like with Iran
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Supporters of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi continued Thursday to put up stiff resistance in pockets across the country , despite growing international pressure and persistent attacks from domestic forces . NATO estimates that 200,000 of Libya 's 6 million people remain threatened by Gadhafi loyalists . Yet Libya 's longtime ruler , his family and his supporters continue to be under stress from an array of sources . That includes Interpol 's issuance Thursday of a Red Notice calling for the arrest of Saadi Gadhafi , one of Moammar 's sons , who allegedly used force and intimidation to take property while serving as head of the Libyan Football Federation . The notice allows the international police agency to widely circulate an arrest warrant with the intention of extraditing the suspect . His father is wanted by the International Criminal Court in the Netherlands on charges of crimes against humanity perpetrated since the Libyan uprising erupted in February . Saif al-Islam , Moammar 's son and Saadi 's brother , as well as intelligence chief Abdullah al-Senussi are also wanted by the court . In Tripoli , Prime Minister Mahmoud Jibril said Thursday that $ 16 billion in Libyan funds have been unfrozen by international banks , though not all of it has been made available to the country 's new leaders . Still , the funds have eased the new country 's financial situation , he said . Soldiers and families of soldiers killed in fighting will be paid a monthly allowance , he said . Noting the continuing fighting in Sirte and Bani Walid , he said a new government would not be formed "  until Libya is fully liberated . " And Libya will import 750,000 lambs to be sacrificed in the upcoming Eid festival , he said . Weeks after he lost his hold on power , Moammar Gadhafi 's whereabouts are unknown , though the National Transitional Council reported Wednesday that he was somewhere near the western border town of Ghadamis . Saadi Gadhafi , meanwhile , fled last month to neighboring Niger , where he was granted safe haven on humanitarian grounds . Niger officials have refused to heed the demand of Libya 's interim government that it hand over Gadhafi family remembers and/or regime officials who have fled there . They have said that Saadi Gadhafi , like other loyalists who have taken refuge , could be sentenced to death if returned to Libya . U.S. Sen. John McCain said Thursday during a visit to the North African nation that Libyans would like to see Moammar Gadhafi captured and tried . "  There is no doubt this guy was hated by the people of Libya , " McCain said . He and Republican senators Marco Rubio of Florida , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Mark Kirk of Illinois traveled to Tripoli to see the nation 's post-dictatorship progress . Among other stops , they visited a prison . While saying that Libya 's interim council "  still has a lot of work to do , " McCain called Libya a showcase of the Arab Spring : the movement in North Africa and the Middle East against a number of long-serving rulers . "  The Libyan people have inspired the world , " McCain said . "  They have turned cynics into supporters . " But Gadhafi loyalists were still putting up stiff resistance in Bani Walid , Sabha and Sirte , the birthplace of the strongman . The accuracy of attacks on forces in and around Bani Walid -- home to a powerful tribe loyal to Gadhafi -- has prompted allegations by at least one military field commander that Gadhafi supporters may have infiltrated into the ranks of anti-Gadhafi units . "  There are spies among our revolutionaries who send our coordinates to the snipers and Gadhafi loyalists firing from inside Bani Walid , and the proof is that their attacks have been precisely targeted , " said Emad Ziglam , a field commander for anti-Gadhafi troops outside the city , about 170 kilometers  105 miles  southeast of Tripoli . "  The mistake was mixing the rebel units . We should not have allowed fighters from Benghazi among others to join in , since we do not know them all . There are definitely traitors among us . " Division among anti-Gadhafi fighters is not unusual . During the months-long war , there have been reports of infighting , raising concerns about a lack of discipline and leadership among the ragtag group of fighters and the possible threat that could pose to the country 's stability Neither side appeared to be making headway in Bani Walid , Ziglam said . He described the humanitarian situation in Bani Walid as "  really bad " and said 30,000 of the city 's residents had fled toward Tripoli and 12,000 toward Sabha , in the south . Thousands of people have fled the fighting in Sirte , where the ousted leader retains a following . The National Transitional Council said that about 100 families left the city Wednesday , and agencies like the Red Cross have described dire conditions for those caught in the fighting . The council also said Sirte was surrounded by revolutionary fighters but estimated that about 5,000 pro-Gadhafi fighters remained within the city . Transitional council military commanders said Wednesday that its forces would wait a few days before launching any major offensive against the city in order to give civilians there more time to leave . CNN 's Mohamed Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : $ 16 billion in Libyan funds have been unfrozen Interpol issues Red Notice for Saadi Gadhafi , whose father is wanted by the ICC U.S. senators visit Tripoli and a Libyan prison on Thursday John McCain cheers the uprising , adds Libyans want Moammar Gadhafi captured alive
Washington  CNN  -- Gary Johnson and Virgil Goode have no chance of winning the November 6 presidential election , but the two "  third-party " candidates could have an impact on who does . Together , Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Goode of the Constitution Party are in position to siphon a few thousand votes from Republican Mitt Romney and perhaps President Barack Obama in some of the handful of battleground states considered up for grabs and therefore decisive in determining the winner . Goode , a former Democrat-turned-Republican congressman from Virginia known for an anti-immigration stance and other strongly conservative policies , routinely won well over 120,000 votes in his home district in elections from 1996 to 2008 . If he gets only 10 % of that support this time , it could be enough to swing what is currently considered a dead-even race for Virginia 's 13 electoral votes to Obama . Gary Johnson : An uphill battle to catch a wave , win the presidency "  Virgil Goode is a wild card , particularly in Virginia , " said Stuart Rothenberg of the Rothenberg Political Report , adding "  he could be a factor even if he wins only a handful of votes . " A similar scenario involves Johnson , the former Republican governor of New Mexico , in other states considered too close to call like Colorado , Nevada and New Hampshire , said Wendy Schiller , a political science professor at Brown University . All three states , with a combined 19 electoral votes , are known for independent-minded voters , she noted , enough of whom might be inclined to back a Libertarian instead of Romney . In Nevada , a CNN/ORC International poll last month showed Goode winning 4 % support and Johnson 3 % , with Obama holding a 47 % -44 % lead over Romney in the state . Based on 2008 turnout in Nevada , the support for Goode and Johnson would amount to about 67,000 votes . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus downplayed the impact of third-party candidates earlier this month , telling CNN that Johnson 's candidacy was "  almost a non-factor . " Could Obama 's struggles with white voters cost him the election ? Voters "  are not going to throw their vote away when we have an election here that 's about the future of America , " Priebus said . "  I do n't see that happening . " CNN polling shows that support for Obama and Romney changes little when third party candidates are factored into state races , said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  In all states CNN has polled so far , the minor party candidates are getting no more than 4 % of the vote , and usually closer to 1 % -2 % , " Holland said , noting that including them does n't change the margin between Obama and Romney . "  Statistically speaking , it 's difficult to make the case that the minor party candidates are affecting the race . " The influence of third party challengers has dropped dramatically since Texas billionaire Ross Perot won almost 19 % of the vote in 1992 , drawing conservative ire for harming incumbent Republican President George H.W. Bush 's re-election chances against Democrat Bill Clinton . Eight years later , consumer activist and Green Party candidate Ralph Nader got 2.8 million votes , including more than 94,000 in Florida that ensured Democratic Vice President Al Gore 's loss to Republican George W. Bush in the state by 537 votes . Despite plummeting votes for third party candidates in recent elections , the tight race this year between Obama and Romney makes even fractional support for others potentially decisive in a key state , and therefore the election . Who 's up ? Check out : CNN Polling Center "  If the race is close enough , 100 votes can matter , " said Scott Rasmussen , president of the polling company Rasmussen Reports . The fierce competition of this year 's race means fewer undecided voters and fewer people choosing a third-party option , he noted , adding : "  It 's not a Ross Perot year . " Goode rejects any insinuation that he seeks to play a spoiler role , saying his policies would be better for the country than those of Obama or Romney . If he managed to win , "  it would shake up Washington in that an average citizen would be president instead of someone that is backed by super-PACs , " he recently told CNN . Johnson depicts himself as more liberal than Obama on social issues and more conservative than Romney on fiscal issues . He says same-sex marriage is a constitutional issue and should be legal , supports legalizing marijuana usage , and also says he would abolish the Internal Revenue Service . To Schiller , Johnson represents a possible threat that should worry the Romney campaign . "  I think you can argue that Gary Johnson will siphon off Romney votes , " she told CNN , arguing that hardcore conservatives who consider the former Massachusetts governor to be too moderate could opt for the Libertarian . Do the math : CNN Electoral Map "  If Colorado gets closer , I think it will matter if Johnson 's in the race , " Schiller said , noting that "  1,000 or 2,000 votes from Romney -- it makes a difference . " To counter that dynamic , Romney 's campaign must make the argument that a vote for Johnson is the same as voting for Obama , according to Schiller . "  Any time you have a third party in a very tight race and that third party candidate seems a lot more like Romney than he does Obama , then if you 're Romney , you have to discredit that candidate , " she said . However , Johnson 's campaign told CNN in September that some of the candidate 's support came from former Obama supporters in Colorado , New Mexico and Nevada . By running as the Libertarian Party candidate , Johnson hoped to gain the support of the relatively small but fiercely loyal following of Ron Paul , the Texas congressman who has failed in three bids to win the Republican presidential nomination . So far , the polling suggests little progress by Johnson in winning over Paul 's supporters . An NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist survey earlier this month in Virginia showed 1 % of likely voters -- about 38,000 based on the 2008 turnout in the state -- supported an unspecified candidate other than Obama or Romney . The bulk of that support appeared to be from strongly liberal or moderate younger voters , a demographic closer to Obama 's base . Obama could get hurt by two other minor party candidates -- Jill Stein of the Green Party and Rocky Anderson of the Justice Party -- but both are considered far less likely to get enough support to undermine the president . A CNN/ORC national poll at the end of September showed Stein with 3 % compared to 4 % for Johnson , while Goode and Anderson had negligible support . However , Stein failed to register in CNN/ORC polls in recent weeks in Florida and Nevada , and she got 1 % support in Ohio compared to 3 % for Johnson . According to Schiller , possible voter apathy by liberals disappointed with Obama 's first term helped motivate the president 's campaign to mount a huge effort to boost turnout both in early voting and on Election Day . "  I think they understood they had to get the people who would definitely vote for Obama to the polls , period , with no wavering and no indecision , " she said . CNN 's Holland warned against assuming supporters of third party candidates changed their mind from a major party contender . "  Minor party supporters usually fall into that category because they do n't like the two major party candidates , " he said . "  So in a hypothetical world in which the race were only between the two major party candidates , a lot of minor party voters would have just stayed at home . " The other candidates , the other debate CNN 's Dan Merica and Lisa Sylvester contributed to this report .	Third-party candidates could impact close races in swing states CNN 's polling director says there is no statistical impact so far Conservative Virgil Goode could siphon votes from Mitt Romney in Virginia Libertarian Gary Johnson 's campaign says it attracts Republicans and Democrats
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan has one less legal problem to worry about after a prosecutor decided not to charge her in connection with an altercation while she was in a substance abuse rehab program in December . Lohan , who faces a preliminary hearing on a felony grand theft charge April 22 , could also go back to jail on a probation violation charge on the same day . But the Riverside County , California , district attorney decided Tuesday not to pursue a possible assault charge against the actress for a December 12 , 2010 , incident with Dawn Holland , a Betty Ford Center staffer , the prosecutor 's spokesman said . "  Our office has completed review of the case , and we will not file charges due to insufficient evidence , " spokesman John Hall said . Lohan checked herself into the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , California , for substance abuse rehab on September 28 , 2010 , just days after she dodged jail on another probation violation . A Los Angeles County judge later ordered her to remain in the drug rehab program until January 3 for failing a drug test while on supervised probation for a 2007 drunken-driving charge . An incident three weeks after she was released from rehab led to her latest legal problems . She allegedly walked out of a Venice , California , jewelry store wearing a necklace that she had not paid for , according to police . Lohan rejected a plea deal last week , setting the stage for next month 's preliminary hearing and a possible trial . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	County district attorney will not charge Lohan in Betty Ford Center incident She was investigated for the December 12 , 2010 , incident with a staffer Lohan still faces a felony theft charge in Los Angeles
CNN  -- Got a smartphone ? Never lose your hotel key , or even have to stop at the registration desk , again . That 's the vision of a hotel chain that plans to send digital keys to guests ' phones via an app instead of making them check in and get the traditional  and famously lose-able  plastic swipe cards . Arriving guests could bypass the front desk and go straight to their rooms . Starwood Hotels & Resorts , which owns more than 1,150 hotels in nearly 100 countries , plans to debut the system in the next three months at two of its Aloft hotels -- in the Harlem neighborhood of New York City and Cupertino , California . Cupertino is likely no accident -- being , of course , the home of Apple 's headquarters . If all goes well , the company says it could have the feature in all of its hotels by next year . A spokeswoman said the app will initially be compatible with recent iPhone models  4S and newer  and newer Android phones . The app will use Bluetooth technology to unlock the room with a tap . "  We believe this will become the new standard for how people will want to enter a hotel , " Frits van Paasschen , Starwood 's CEO , told The Wall Street Journal . "  It may be a novelty at first , but we think it will become table stakes for managing a hotel . " Starwood , a chain that 's heavy on boutique hotels , has a history of tech innovation and employs its own digital team . Just last year , the company launched a plan to develop solar power at its hotels , offered discounts during a "  Cyber Monday " sale and premiered an iPad-specific mobile app . Starwood also announced Instagram integration on its websites , which lets visitors see images that guests have posted .	A hotel chain is testing an app that sends virtual room keys to your phone Starwood Hotels & Resorts has more than 1,150 hotels Two hotels will get the technology in the next three months System would allow guests to bypass front desk and go straight to their rooms
In his first public comments since the election , Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid Wednesday pledged cooperation with Republicans when they take Senate control in January . But he also did n't hide his disdain for past GOP tactics . Reid pointedly promised not to engage in a "  strategy of obstruction , " which he has accused Republicans of pursuing while Democrats were in charge . "  I am ready to work with him in good faith to make this institution function for the American people , " Reid said while standing across the aisle from Sen. Mitch McConnell , who will take over as the next majority leader . "  I saw first hand how a strategy of obstruction was debilitating to our system . I have no desire to engage in that manner . " Reid said he was ready to get past the election loss . "  I 've always believed it 's wise to follow Will Rogers ' admonition : "  Do n't let yesterday use up too much of today . " We have a lot of work to do and no time to linger on the past , " Reid said in floor remarks at the beginning of the lame duck session . Despite the tough rhetoric , Reid also complimented McConnell and said he holds him in the "  highest regards . " For his part , McConnell sounded emboldened when making his opening statement on the floor , immediately after Reid spoke . "  Last week the American people sent a strong message to Washington . They voted for a new direction . They called for a change in the way we do things in the Senate and they sent a new team to Washington to carry their wishes forward , " he said . "  We plan to do just that . Referring to President Barack Obama 's expected controversial executive orders on immigration , McConnell said , "  The actions of the next few weeks could help set a tone of the next Congress . " "  President Obama has a duty to help build the trust we all need to move forward together , not to double down on old ways of doing business , " he said . After both men spoke , they turned to each other and shook hands , something they do n't do very often . Reid then slung his arm around McConnell 's shoulders and they stared down at the floor together , sharing a few words . As they turned to leave , McConnell took Reid 's forearm and gave it a light tug , as if to say to affirm a personal bond despite their hardened political opposition .	Harry Reid spoke on the Senate floor for the first time since the election Reid : ' I am ready to work ' with Mitch McConnell
CNN  -- In a field largely still in its infancy , scientists are making headway toward using stem cells to treat heart ailments . The FDA regulates which adult stem cell techniques are allowed to go into clinical trials . The major focus of stem cell research in cardiology is promoting regeneration of the heart or preventing scar formation , said Jeffrey Karp , who runs a stem cell biology lab at Harvard University . One study reporting successful results in humans involves harvesting patients ' own stem cells , purifying them , and injecting them directly into the heart muscle . The stem cells have a surface marker called CD34 , which means they are capable of growing new blood vessels . The study , sponsored by Baxter Inc. , is the largest adult stem cell study for heart disease in the U.S. , said Dr. Douglas Losordo , cardiologist at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago , Illinois , who is leading the trial . The researchers will present their one-year findings from Phase II of the trial in September , Losordo said . "  It 's important to point out that this is a use of a patient 's own body 's repair capabilities , " Losordo said . If everything goes well , it 's conceivable this treatment could be widely available in a little over four years , he said . The target patient population , consisting of end-stage cardiac patients who have tried all other available therapies , is about 300,000 to 900,000 people , he said . So far , researchers have not found side effects from this method , Losordo said . However , because it is an invasive surgical procedure in which stem cells are delivered through a catheter , there is a risk of perforation of about 1 percent , he said . There is also a small risk of blood clotting from the drug , GCSF , which mobilizes stem cells . Injecting stem cells into the heart muscle carries the risk of arrhythmia , said Techung Lee , associate professor of biochemistry at the State University New York at Buffalo . But Losordo said this risk is theoretical in his trial , and is believed to be very low with CD34 cells in general . Lee and colleagues are working on a less-invasive technique . In a study in mice , they injected stem cells from bone marrow into skeletal muscles of limbs . They found that the stem cells produced growth factors that traveled to the heart , in addition to stimulating the muscle itself to make growth factors that also improved cardiac function . The challenge for translating this method to humans would be that , while each mouse needed only a few million stem cells , each human patient would need close to a billion stem cells for the therapy -- which would be far too expensive and logistically difficult . "  This is a problem that 's been experienced by everyone in the field , " Lee said . He estimates that his method could be available clinically in five years , after researchers find ways to reduce the required number of cells by a factor of 10 or even 100 . Another therapeutic possibility is giving a patient an IV of stem cells , which would come from a stem cell bank or a company . The challenge is that the cells may not have the right homing receptors to land in the heart , Karp said . Karp 's group is working on an approach to chemically modify the surface of cells to enhance their targeting to specific sites . Results from animal models have shown promising results for targeting sites of inflammation , he said . "  Essentially we know the ZIP code of vessels within a certain tissue , we can program the address on the surface of the cell , " he said . Lee 's and Karp 's teams use adult mesenchymal stem cells , which may develop into connective tissue , lymphatic tissue , and blood vessels . These stem cells are largely interchangeable between patients and do n't require matching , as organ transplants do . However , as more becomes known about the relatively new field of stem cell therapy , a more specific matching system may be required , said Dr. Joon Lee , cardiologist at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . Some stem cell therapies for the heart are being tested in human clinical trials . Osiris Therapeutics Inc. is enrolling patients in a phase II trial for Prochymal , which contains mesenchymal stem cells . The company intends to use this drug , which gets injected into the vein , to repair heart damage in patients who have just experienced their first heart attack . More than 90 percent of research on using stem cells to repair the human heart involves adult stem cells , Lee said . That means the controversy about using stem cells derived from human embryos is largely absent from this line of research . For developing treatments that involve transplanting stem cells from adults , there is no ethical concern about the use of embryos , Lee said . Embryonic stem cells are advantageous in research because they can be grown more easily than adult stem cells in a culture , and are pluripotent , meaning they can develop into any of the various cell types of the body , according to the National Institutes of Health . But it is not yet known whether tissues derived from embryonic stem cells would cause transplant rejection , whereas this does not seem to be a problem with adult stem cells . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulates which adult stem cell techniques are allowed to go into clinical trials and sets the requirements for more routine use . Whether the FDA will become more or less lenient in these respects is unclear , Lee said . It 's not unfathomable that within the next two to five years , some FDA-approved stem cell treatments will be available for cardiovascular disease , Lee said . Karp has a longer view -- five to 10 years before stem cell treatments become widely available for heart problems , he said . The biology of stem cell treatments for the heart is not well understood , said Dr. Ronald Crystal , chief of the Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine at New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center . One of the challenges is that once a stem cell gets put into a person 's body , no one can get it out , Crystal said . This is the opposite of other kinds of medications -- for instance , a person may get sick from taking too many aspirin , but eventually the drug leaves the system . Not so with stem cells , he said . Crystal expressed general caution about the future of stem cell research , which is still experimental , for heart patients . "  This is a good idea , but patients and families should not expect immediate results , " he said .	Most stem cell research targeted at the heart uses adult stem cells The FDA regulates adult stem cell techniques that are allowed to go into clinical trials Unlike organ transplants , adult stem cells generally can be given to any patient Therapies be available in a little over four years , although some say five to 10
LifeWire  -- The TV no longer sits on a moving box , but she 's still using filing cabinets as end tables . Desiree Jacobsen graduated from college years ago , so why does her apartment resemble a dorm room ? It 's hard to save for the finer things when you 've had to shell out money to be in five weddings in one year , three times as maid of honor . Some maids of honor have gone deep into debt rather than disappoint a friend who expects a lot . "  I shop at the Salvation Army quite a bit to save money , " says Jacobsen , 26 , a medical editor in Dallas . Being a bride 's maid or matron of honor is a distinction many women cherish . But it does n't come cheap . It can easily cost a woman $ 1,000 or more for the honor of standing beside the bride on her big day , according to TheKnot.com , the leading wedding Web site . On top of the traditional expenses of wedding attire , transportation and chipping in for a gift from the bridesmaids , maids of honor can wind up hosting bridal showers , bachelorette parties and even the co-ed Jack and Jill party -- often footing the bill entirely . Expectations are reaching bridezilla proportions , a trend Anna Post , spokeswoman for the Emily Post Institute and great-great-granddaughter of the etiquette authority , attributes in part to the extensive coverage of celebrity weddings on television and in style magazines . Watch etiquette tips on attending wedding events " Many bridesmaids are left torn between maintaining a friendship and breaking the bank . Tough to say no When Sarah de Maintenon , a 33-year-old real estate agent in Syracuse , New York , agreed to be her best friend 's maid of honor two years ago , the economy was good and houses were selling like hot cakes . But the currently slow real-estate market means that money has become tight as the big day -- scheduled for October -- slowly approaches . "  I seriously just did n't know . I thought it was just a bachelorette party , " says de Maintenon of the events she was expected to throw and attend . Her distress over the destination wedding sent her seeking advice online . The advice she received was simple , but effective : Talk to her friend and be honest about her situation . "  I contemplated telling her I could n't do it , but I could n't break her heart , " she says . "  I was afraid it would cause an argument ... I did n't want to ruin her wedding day . " Jacobsen has n't skipped a wedding , but she did once skip the pre-wedding bridal portrait , which she would have had to travel out of town to participate in , because she was short on money and vacation time . "  She was upset with me for a little while , but it quickly blew over because I started planning for her bachelorette party . " When feelings get hurt , Jacobsen says , she tries not to take it personally . "  It 's usually because of the stress of the wedding . " Etiquette rules vs. reality Is all this necessary ? Are brides asking too much of their friends ? Post says that contrary to popular belief , the bridal shower is n't the maid of honor 's obligation . Traditionally , a close friend would throw a bridal shower for the bride , and sometimes that person is also the maid of honor . But expenses can be agreed upon in advance and shared by the entire wedding party . And though there may be multiple parties thrown for the happy couple , Post says , the maid of honor is not required to go . "  That 's not true , " claims Kim Bohnert , a 32-year-old teacher in San Francisco . She 's served nine stints as maid of honor and considers herself an expert bridesmaid . She insists that the entire bridal party -- especially the maid of honor -- is expected to attend all parties and shell out for a gift each time . "  It definitely adds up , " says Melissa Bauer , spokesperson for TheKnot.com . Bauer ticks off some of the major expenses : about $ 300 for a dress , $ 50 to $ 200 for shoes , $ 40 to $ 60 for accessories , $ 50 for a shower gift and another $ 100 for a wedding gift . Then there are the parties . "  The big thing now is destination bachelorette parties , " Bauer says . "  Some people might do it local , but regardless , you 're -LSB- often -RSB- footing the cost for the bride -LSB- to attend -RSB- . " The cost of traveling to an out-of-town party can add several hundred dollars to the tab , Bauer notes -- to say nothing of the cost of traveling to the wedding itself . Going for broke Whether popular wisdom requires such a commitment or not , there 's a very real limit to what women can afford . Bohnert agreed to be her cousin 's maid of honor , even though she was maxed out on her credit cards , and the many expenses included a $ 500 Sae Young Vu dress . "  I 'm still in debt because of it , " she says . Ma'ayan Geller , a part-time student and assistant physical therapist in San Francisco , was glad to hear her friend wanted to be sensitive to the financial constraints of her wedding party . But when Geller , one of the bridesmaids , suggested a cheap Las Vegas package for the bachelorette party , the bride gave her the boot , saying she was n't being serious enough about her commitment to the wedding . "  I had already bought the dress -- close to $ 300 -- which was a lot for me at the time , " Geller , 23 , remembers . "  I think it could have been done in a better way . " Geller still attended the wedding , partially because all her friends were there and also because she wanted to support the bride , "  although the friendship kind of ended after that . " Making it work In Post 's experience , a wedding is a collaboration , and the wedding party often tries to find a solution that works for everyone . "  When something difficult arises , I 've seen brides put on the brakes rather than force something on someone , " she says . Jeri Kadison , a bridal coach in New York , says communication is key : Detail expectations early , and if something sounds too expensive , compromise and brainstorm other ideas , she advises . "  It 's the bride 's responsibility to be compassionate and considerate , " she says . That strategy worked for de Maintenon . She and her bride talk almost every day . Instead of renting a restaurant , they 're having a barbeque . Instead of renting a beach house , they 're all staying with a girlfriend . It 's also OK to say no , Post says . "  You can decline . Just do it early . " De Maintenon recently declined when one of her best friends asked her to be the maid of honor , and her friend was n't upset . "  She knows that I 'll do anything else to help out in any way . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Liane Yvkoff is a freelance writer in San Francisco	As economy gets tough , more women may reconsider being maid of honor Bridezilla expects bridal showers , bachelorette parties , co-ed Jack and Jill party Bridal coach : Detail expectations early and if concerns rise , compromise
Norfolk , Virginia  CNN  The second mate of the Houston Express probably could n't believe what he was seeing . Hundreds of miles from land there was a small boat nearby . At first it looked abandoned . It was in bad shape , listing to one side . The crew of the 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked . Incredibly , as they got closer , they saw there was a man on it , signaling for help . "  He was moving , walking around , waving to us and in surprisingly good condition , " Capt. Thomas Grenz told CNN by phone Friday . That man , Louis Jordan , 37 , had an amazing story . He 'd been drifting on the 35-foot Pearson sailboat for more than two months since leaving Conway , South Carolina , to fish in the ocean . Just a few days into his trip , a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast . One of his shoulders was broken , too , so he could n't fix the boat right away . Eventually he was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail , but he could make little headway against the currents . "  It took so long , " Jordan said . "  It moved so slowly . " The boat capsized two more times before he was rescued , according to Jordan . His father , Frank Jordan , told CNN 's Jim Sciutto that he was expecting his son to look different . "  He looked good . Had n't lost too much weight . He was n't badly sunburned like I thought he probably would be , " he said . Lost at sea for 66 days After his food and water ran out , it became an issue of survival . Collecting fresh water was a nightmare for Jordan . The weather would n't cooperate . Records show there were more than a dozen storms off the coast of the Carolinas during the time he was missing . The precipitation came at night during harsh conditions . "  I had tried to collect  rain  water ... but every time the waves would splash into the boat , " Jordan said . "  The waves would put saltwater into my freshwater and it tasted bad . "  Finally the conditions were right . I filled up my water tank , which is 25 gallons . I filled up a bucket . " Then there was the issue of food . The fish were n't cooperating , but after a while Jordan learned they were attracted to his laundry , which he would put out to sea for a rinse . The fish would swim in and out of his clothes and he could easily scoop them up with a hand net , he said . Jordan came ashore Thursday evening . CNN affiliate WAVY in Norfolk , Virginia , reported that he was able to walk from the helicopter into Sentara Norfolk General Hospital about 7:30 p.m. Coast Guard officials have said they have found no reason to doubt Jordan 's incredible story . They noted that his father contacted them January 29 to report his son and his boat missing . Frank Jordan addressed the skepticism about his son 's appearance , saying the boat stayed afloat and upright most of the time . His son spent most of his days in the cabin , out of the sun . Frank Jordan said it was obvious when the Jordans met at the hospital Friday morning that his normally low-key and private son had been through an ordeal . "  I know he went through what he went through , " Frank Jordan said . Jordan is an unemployed truck driver who lived on his boat at a marina in Conway . He had free rent and free food in the river , he said . But when it became difficult to catch dinner , he took off for the ocean in hopes he would land some bigger fish . Frank Jordan told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday that he had worried about his son , who is an inexperienced sailor , but he held hope because his son had a good boat . And he had the strength to make it . "  He 's got a very strong constitution and  is strong  not only physically , but spiritually , " Frank Jordan said . "  And he told me on the phone that he was praying the whole time , so I believe that sustained him a great deal . " Rescue swimmer Kyle McCollum was the first to care for Jordan on the flight back to land . "  You would expect sunburns , severe sunburn , blisters maybe ... a bunch of medical issues that could possibly be wrong with him , " he said . "  But for him to be in his current state was pretty amazing . " Grenz was also surprised by Jordan 's condition , physically and mentally . The rescued sailor knew almost exactly what day it was , remarkable for someone who had been on the water for more than 60 days . Jordan was dehydrated and said he was hungry . "  We took him to a rescue boat , " the container ship captain said . "  He was given water and pea soup to gain some power again . " Derriel Morris , a neighbor at the Bucksport Plantation Marina & RV Resort called Jordan a nice guy who loved his 47-year-old boat , named "  Angel . " Morris said : "  It was immaculate , it was gorgeous , beautifully painted . I mean it looked like a brand new sailboat . " Morris told CNN affiliate WPDE that one day in January he was going to the store and Jordan asked him to bring back some coffee creamer . But when he returned to the marina , Jordan had slipped away . "  There was no shore line , no hose ; it was like he was never there , " Morris told the station . After he disappeared others who also live there held a candlelight ceremony . The marina 's manager , Jeff Weeks , told WPDE that Jordan is expected to be back at Buscksport next week . Tales of people who cheated death after days , weeks adrift	Father : "  I know he went through what he went through " Louis Jordan was found on his sailboat , which was listing and in bad shape , rescuer says He appears to be in good shape , physically and mentally
CNN  -- The video game industry has had a slow start to the year , but that 's about to change . As the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  takes over the Los Angeles Convention Center this week , the biggest games of this year and next will be showcased in front of 45,000 attendees . With a big slate of blockbusters scheduled to hit retail shelves this holiday , things are looking up for gaming . The game industry is growing rapidly through new business models like free-to-play games , mobile games and cloud-based gaming . But it still relies on big-name titles to fill its coffers and entice gamers to spend an inordinate amount of time on multiplayer experiences online . Like Hollywood , game publishers are counting on bestselling franchises and sequels to attract the growing demographic of people who play games . There are a lot of games at E3 , but these five titles will stand out . Collectively they should provide hours of new interactive entertainment to gamers around the world once they 're released over the coming year . "  Resident Evil 6 "  Capcom , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PC , October 2 , 2012 In a rarity in the game industry , where delays are commonplace , Capcom actually moved up the release date for this much-anticipated horror sequel . The "  6 " in the title holds a deeper meaning , as this "  Resident Evil " offers three distinct , yet interconnected , two-player cooperative gameplay experiences . Set 10 years after the events that ravaged Raccoon City , these globe-trotting survival horror stories feature six unique characters that gamers control to contend with the new C-Virus plague . The zombies in this game are smarter , faster and even wield weapons , upping the ante and requiring that second player 's sharpshooting help . The development team is going for a more Hollywood feel with this blend of action and terror . Gamers will actually get a double-dose of this franchise with Sony Pictures releasing "  Resident Evil : Retribution 3D " in theaters September 14 . "  Halo 4 "  Microsoft , 343 Industries , Xbox 360 , November 6 , 2012 "  Halo " developer Bungie has moved on to an original franchise for Activision , leaving Microsoft to turn to new developer 343 Industries for the first in the Reclaimer Trilogy of Halo games . Set four years after the events of "  Halo 3 , " Master Chief returns with a new setting  the planet Requiem  but the same beloved first-person shooter action that has sold over 40 million games around the globe . The new game will further explore the man beneath the mask , John-117 , while pushing multiplayer forward . Gamers can create their own Spartan IV warrior for multiplayer and engage in a four-player cinematic adventure in the new Spartan Ops or jump into massive competitive arenas with War Games . All multiplayer will be linked through the UNSC Infinity starship to keep players immersed in this rich sci-fi universe . "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II "  Activision , Treyarch , PC , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , November 13 , 2012 With the "  Call of Duty " franchise breaking entertainment launch records every year and raking in over $ 1 billion per release , developer Treyarch is catapulting the first-person shooter action into the future . "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " spans a cinematic storyline that propels the action into 2025 , although some backstory gameplay will focus on the 1980s . With American cities like Los Angeles under attack from flying drones and robots , players must contend with terrorist Raul Menendez , who 's turned America 's own military technology against itself . Treyarch is introducing more open-world gameplay to the mix and promises a more robust multiplayer experience  with all those new drones and robots  , as well as an expanded Zombies mode with more undead enemies to contend with . "  Crysis 3 "  Electronic Arts , Crytek , PC , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , 2013 Crytek returns to a future Big Apple , circa 2047 , in this first-person shooter , although New York has never looked quite like this . Players will explore a massive Nanodome called the New York City Liberty Dome , which offers a diverse range of environments known as the Seven Wonders . Taking control of the Nanosuit-armed Prophet , skyscrapers have been replaced by an urban rainforest teeming with overgrown trees , dense swamplands and raging rivers . It 's within this landscape that players will hunt Ceph aliens and Cell Corporation henchmen using a composite bow  armed with the latest technology  and an assortment of high-powered weapons from Earth and beyond . Crytek is blending the best of both worlds from its first two bestsellers and offering gamers more options in both the campaign and multiplayer experiences this time around . "  Dead Space 3 "  Electronic Arts , Visceral Games , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , 2013 In space , no one can hear you scream . With Ridley Scott terrifying a new generation of audiences with "  Prometheus , " Electronic Arts ' Visceral Games is bringing more alien horror to gamers . In "  Dead Space 3 , " Isaac Clarke crash lands on a snowswept planet that just happens to be overrun with alien Necromorphs . After contending with these assorted alien monstrosities in the past , Clarke has new weapons and technology to help him perform the strategic dismemberment that has become the cornerstone of the franchise . The subzero planet adds a twist to the gameplay with more open , and hostile , environments to explore and even bigger creatures to content with . Fans of the franchise will also see a return of the more close-quarters , do n't - be-afraid-of-the-dark areas , as well as those signature zero-gravity sequences . "  Dead Space 3 " is slated to scare gamers in the dead of winter early next year .	A slow year for video games will pick up at E3 next week Bucking the trend , "  Resident Evil 6 " actually had release date moved up Master Chief will be back in "  Halo IV " "  Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 " will move the action into the future
CNN  -- Airport hotels have always been necessary but unloved stopover spots for the depleted traveler , places to shower , rehydrate and let the body recuperate from the merciless rigors of flying . Yet checking into the Hilton Frankfurt Airport , which opened in December turned out to be much more . It 's an example of the emerging generation of airport hotels that are intended to function as destinations , real places where one might reasonably stay longer than a single night . Some of the best and most spectacular airport hotels are in Asia : the Regal in Hong Kong ; the Crowne Plaza in Singapore . Now the rest of the world is catching up , and the newest airport hotels in Europe , the United States , Latin America , and elsewhere are responding to the generalized craving for experience . And there 's more going on than that : the increasing sophistication of these hotels parallels a reemergence of civilization -- daring architecture ; edible food -- in airports themselves . Travel + Leisure : Innovative new airport terminals The improved hotels are one component of a backlash against that shiny one-world placelessness that airports have long cultivated . Moreover , they are being retooled for a new breed of business traveler . "  The nature of work is changing , " says Erin Hoover , head of design for the Sheraton and Westin brands , "  and it 's very collaborative . " Now airport hotels -- like the newly opened Hilton in London , Novotel in Auckland , New Zealand , and Element in Miami -- are catching up , bringing technology , design , and style to the international stopover . Hilton Frankfurt Airport The Hilton Frankfurt Airport is a stylish , hyper-connected oasis . The hotel , along with the lower-priced Hilton Garden Inn , occupies the eastern end of the Squaire  a name meant to evoke town square and air  , an ultra-elongated mixed-use complex that rests on angled columns atop a high-speed rail station , is adjacent to the airport 's commuter train station , and is squeezed between two major autobahns . When Squaire managing director Christoph Nebl characterizes it as "  the best-connected spot in Europe , " he 's not exaggerating . Travel + Leisure : America 's safest airports Sheraton Malpensa Hotel  Milan A series of glass modules lined up like the teeth of a comb , this property makes for a fitting addition to a world capital of design . Atlanta Airport Marriott Gateway Two minutes from the terminal via SkyTrain , the building is LEED certified and has a lobby floor made of terrazzo embedded with glass . Aloft San Francisco International Airport A newly rehabbed Clarion Inn building -- dropped ceilings have been removed to give the rooms at this hotel an airy feel , and an expanded lobby big enough for a bustling bar scene has been added . Travel + Leisure : America 's best and worst Airports Hilton Heathrow Terminal 5 , U.K. From its glamorous all-white main lobby staircase and unusually glitzy light fixtures to perfectly manicured exterior grounds and a celebrity chef -- helmed restaurant  Mr. Todiwala 's Kitchen  , this property has all the makings of a hotel hot spot . Element Miami The Miami International Airport satellite of this Westin brand features the cutting-edge Pilot program , where electricity can be generated by guests using the hotel 's stationary bikes . The fully equipped kitchens , nutritious menus , and bathrooms with mood-improving lighting attest to Element 's health-conscious hospitality approach . ALT Hotel Pearson , Toronto Original art , Egyptian cotton linens , an Italian-made Calla chair , and Fruits & Passion bath products lend sophisticated global flair to the 153-room ALT , part of Canadian hotel group Groupe Germain . Custom Hotel , Los Angeles Relaunched and refreshed by Joie de Vivre in September 2011 , this bombastic crash pad minutes from LAX appeals to your sense of whimsy with themed gimmicks , like the Pan Am -- inspired staff uniforms and Hangar Lounge , the property 's main lobby . Steigenberger Airport Hotel Berlin When Berlin 's long-awaited Brandenburg Airport opens in March 2013 , so too will this grand 322-room property with an outdoor reflecting pool , nine meeting spaces , a lobby bistro , and a fitness center with a gym , sauna , and steam bath . Lotte City Hotel Gimpo Airport , South Korea Understated and refined , this hotel provides a welcome break from its chaotic surroundings -- a massive theme-park-mall complex within the airport . It opened in late 2011 , with touch screen controls in the 197 rooms . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Hilton Frankfurt Airport is part of a mixed-use complex atop a high-speed rail station ALT Hotel Pearson in Toronto features original art and Egyptian cotton linens Guests at the Element Miami help make electricity by using the hotel 's stationary bikes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hip hop is one U.S. commodity that has made it past the trade embargo to Cuba . Cuban rap duo "  Doble Filo " say hip hop allows them to embrace social issues . Cuba has developed a homegrown rap movement , inspired by the sounds and fashions of U.S. hip hop . But what makes Cuban rappers different is that rather than celebrating bling , girls and guns , their lyrics address social issues in a country where free speech is tightly controlled . Cuban rap began to surface in the 1990s , a grassroots affair , with songs recorded in rappers ' bedrooms and distributed on cassette tapes . The island 's fledgling hip hop scene was given a boost in 1999 , when it was endorsed by the government as "  an authentic expression of Cuban Culture . " In the following years the government set up the Cuban Rap Agency  CRA  to promote the scene , as well as a record label , "  Asere Productions , " and a rap magazine called "  Movimiento . " Government approval helped Cuban hip hop emerge from the underground , but some see that endorsement as a gilded cage . Formed in 1996 , rap duo "  Doble Filo "  "  Double Edged "  have been part of the Havana scene since the beginning and work with the Cuban Rap Agency . But rapper Irak Saenz admits there are contradictions in being part of the system . "  It does limit our creative freedom , " he told CNN . "  The CRA has an agenda that goes with the government 's agenda . It does n't limit me but it does force me to be creative in how I express my ideas . " Along with fellow Cuban rap duo "  Los Aldeanos "  "  The Villagers "  "  Doble Filo " work with U.S. hip hop audio/visual label , Emetrece Productions . But "  Los Aldeanos " , who formed in 2003 , are part of a younger generation of Cuban rappers . They do n't belong the CRA , and nor do they want to . They are defiantly underground and outspoken . "  Hip hop is an art form speaks the truth about how people are living , " says Aldo Rodriguez , one half of Los Aldeanos . Their track "  Niñito Cubano " is about a young boy growing up during Cuba 's "  special period " , when the fall of the Soviet Union brought hardship to the island . Their forthright lyrics about life in Cuba do n't make them any friends among Cuba 's authorities , and that limits their opportunities on the island . "  Our lyrics do n't always go with the standard Cuban rhetoric and often that wo n't get airplay , " says Rodriguez . "  I can be famous in other countries , but here they wo n't let me play a concert in a theater . " Listen to Doble Filo and Los Aldeanos here " Doble Filo 's Saenz has performed the U.S. with fellow Cubans "  Obsesion " , a tour that included playing on the same bill as U.S. rap stars Kanye West and The Roots . He says that where his generation of rappers was forced to limit the way it talked about the realities of daily life , the new generation is bolder with its lyrics . Bian Rodriguez , also known as El B , the other member of "  Los Aldeanos , " says hip hop gives voice to the concerns of ordinary Cubans . "  People tell me they need this music , not just because they can identify with what we are saying , but because they feel that maybe we can say things they might be afraid to say publicly , " he told CNN . Like most other Cuban rap groups , "  Los Aldeanos " are n't yet in a position to make a living from their music . El B has won Cuba 's Red Bull freestyle rapping championship three years in a row , but he still has a day job as a primary school teacher . A lack of funds and equipment means the island 's hip hop producers have to use a certain amount of ingenuity when it comes to recording their music . Doble Filo 's producer Edgaro explains that in the group 's early days , he would make tracks by looping the last few bars of songs on cassette tapes . These days , Edgaro produces songs on his PC , but the software is pirated from copies brought into the country and circulated on the streets . It simply is n't available in the stores . More about Cuba 's arts : Carlos Acosta takes CNN on a tour of Havana . " As the scene develops the groups are getting more ambitious . Doble Filo are now incorporating live musicians into their sound , weaving in elements of traditional Cuban music , and they are set to release their debut album "  Despierta "  "  Wake up "  through Emetrece Productions . Emetrece is run by Melisa Riviere , a Ph.D. candidate in the Anthropology Department at the University of Minnesota . More than just promoting good music , she says Emetrece is trying to educate , and to challenge the U.S. embargo on Cuba . Like Cuba 's rappers , she sees hip hop as a tool for social change . As El B puts it , "  I think one of the things people take from the music is the idea that we can do anything , we can change anything , we can be anything we want . "	Cuba 's homegrown rap scene is known for its socially conscious lyrics Rap groups "  Doble Filo " and "  Los Aldeanos " speak out about life in Cuba They say hip hop lets them talk about issues ordinary Cubans can not
CNN  -- From a 2-0 defeat at Oxford United on November 6 , 1986 to a English Premier League coronation party through the streets of Manchester on May 13 . Alex Ferguson 's 26-year reign at Manchester United has seen the club transformed from a sleeping giant to a relentless , trophy-winning juggernaut in both the football arena and the sports business world . Following Wednesday 's announcement that the Scot , the most successful coach in English football history , will end his Old Trafford tenure , CNN marks seven moments which have defined Ferguson 's career . Sacked by St Mirren Ferguson 's managerial career has been littered with glorious highs , but it has not been without its lows , none more so than in 1978 when Ferguson was in charge of Scottish team St Mirren . He oversaw a remarkable upturn in St MIrren 's fortunes which saw the unheralded club win the second-tier of Scottish football in 1977 with a squad which bore classic hallmarks of a Ferguson team , notably his faith in young players . That St Mirren side had an average age of just 19 . But he was unceremoniously sacked by then St Mirren chairman Willie Todd for what he described as "  breaches of contract " relating to the manager 's decision to join Aberdeen . " I regret the fact Alex did not stay longer at St Mirren and I regret the circumstances of his departure , but I still believe that the club had no alternative , " Todd told Scottish newspaper the Herald in May 1999 . "  There were no grudges . I 've met him several times at football matches since then and our relationship is quite amicable . " Aberdeen roll over Real Madrid Ferguson was finally appointed as Aberdeen manager in June 1978 and unprecedented success followed for the Scottish club . He broke the duopoly of Glasgow Rangers and Celtic , guiding Aberdeen to three Scottish League titles in 1980 , 1984 and 1985 . However , arguably Ferguson 's finest moment with Aberdeen was on the European stage . Following a Scottish Cup triumph in 1982 , Aberdeen qualified for the European Cup Winners ' Cup . Ferguson 's team reached the final , with a 3-2 quarterfinal second-leg victory over Bayern Munich one of the many highlights of an impressive campaign . In the final , held in Gothenberg on May 11 , 1983 , Aberdeen faced Spanish giants Real Madrid , managed by the great Alfredo Di Stefano . The match finished in a 1-1 draw after 90 minutes , before striker John Hewitt scored the winner for Aberdeen in extra-time . Jock Stein 's death One of the most poignant moments of Ferguson 's career arrived just over a year before he was appointed to the United job . Ferguson was part of Jock Stein 's coaching staff with the Scottish national team ahead of a crucial 1986 World Cup qualifying match against Wales in Cardiff . Scotland needed a point to reach the tournament in Mexico , which they duly acquired following a 1-1 draw . But the match was overshadowed when Stein , the first British coach to win the European Cup with Celtic in 1967 , collapsed after the final whistle . "  I grabbed for him as he started to fall , " Ferguson recalled , when talking to the Daily Mail in 2012 . "  The medics came out of the tunnel . I held him until he was helped inside . "  When I left to speak to the press I saw Graeme Souness and he was crying . ' I think he 's gone , ' Graeme said . I could n't believe it . "  When we filed on to the bus there were thousands standing outside and the quiet sadness of the atmosphere was unforgettable . The abiding memory is of a solemn silence . It was as if the king had died . "  In football terms , the king had died . " Ferguson coached Scotland at the 1986 World Cup , but the team headed home after the first round following a group phase campaign which yielded just one point . After watching the pressures of football get the better of his mentor , it raises the question of whether Stein 's death played a role in Ferguson 's decision to bow out on his own terms . FA Cup redemption After a trophy-laden spell at Pittodrie with Aberdeen , Ferguson headed south to join United in 1986 , but his early days at Old Trafford were a world away from the glorious success he enjoyed in the 1990s and 2000s . Two seasons passed without a trophy and after eight league games without a win , it was suggested Ferguson would be sacked if United lost an FA Cup replay against Nottingham Forest on January 7 1990 . Substitute Mark Robins scored the winner to send United into the next round and , allegedly , save Fergie 's job . Ferguson went on to mastermind a 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace in an FA Cup final replay after the first match finished 3-3 to secure the Scot 's first trophy at Old Trafford . The silverware continued to flow , with an English Premier League title -- the club 's first in 26 years -- arriving in 1993 . Deja vu ? Ferguson 's retirement was originally scheduled for 11 years ago . The Scot announced in 2001 that the forthcoming season would be his last , hoping his decision to break the news in advance would allow the club to make suitable succession plans . But it had the opposite effect and , by November 2001 , defending champions United sat ninth in the Premier League table . By January 2002 , after an eight-match winning run , United had risen to the top of the table and the next month Ferguson reversed his decision to retire from the game by signing a new three-year contract at Old Trafford . The rest , as they say , is history . Six further English titles have followed , along with an FA Cup triumph and the Champions League in 2008 . The Flying Boot In addition to the trophies and the accolades , there have been plenty of spats , with numerous star players feeling the heat of Ferguson 's infamous "  hairdryer " treatment . Notably when a "  one in a million " flying boot caught David Beckham above the left eye , an incident which dominated the headlines like no other flare up between Ferguson and one of his charges . Following a 2-0 FA Cup defeat to Arsenal in February 2003 , Ferguson launched a tirade at his star midfielder which , according to Beckham 's autobiography , went along the lines of "  David , what about the second goal ? What were you doing ? ... We told you about it before the game . The problem with you is you do n't let anyone talk to you . You do n't listen ' . "  I felt like I was being bullied in public , " explained Beckham , who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain . "  I was being backed into a corner for no other reason than spite . I was trapped . " Beckham swore at Ferguson and bedlam ensued . "  The boss took a step or two towards me , " Beckham continued . "  There was a boot on the floor . He swung his leg and kicked it . At me ? At the wall ? It could have been anywhere , he was that angry now . "  I went for the gaffer . I do n't know if I 've ever lost control like that before . Suddenly it was like some mad scene out of a gangster movie . " Beckham 's teammates held him back , but after the incident , the then England captain appeared with a medical dressing over the cut above his eye . "  It was a freakish incident , " Ferguson reportedly said . "  If I tried it 100 or a million times it could n't happen again . If I could I would have carried on playing ! " An increasingly tempestuous relationship between the two personalities came to an end on 1 July 2003 , when Beckham left Manchester United to join Real Madrid . Treble May 26 , 1999 , was a night which simultaneously defied belief and defined Ferguson 's Manchester United reign . United were chasing history . The league title had been wrapped up , beating Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal to the Premier League title by just one point . FA Cup success followed . Goals from striker Teddy Sheringham and midfielder Paul Scholes secured a straight-forward 2-0 win over Newcastle United in the final at Wembley . Ferguson 's team were one step away from securing an unprecedented Premier League , FA Cup and European Champions League treble . United 's opponents in the European Cup final at Barcelona 's Nou Camp stadium were Bayern Munich and the Germans looked set to win the showpiece match after Mario Basler 's first-half free-kick put them 1-0 ahead . In search of a way back into the match , Ferguson threw on substitutes Teddy Sheringham and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer . As the game ticked into extra-time , United earned a corner . Goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel raced forward in a desperate attempt to force an equalizer . The initial cross was cleared , but the ball fell to Ryan Giggs whose low shot from the edge of the box was turned into the net by Sheringham . Cue jubilant celebrations among United players , fans and coaching staff , but uncontained joy was to follow seconds later . United earned another corner kick in the final seconds of injury time . Sheringham flicked on Beckham 's cross at the near post and Solskjaer flung his right leg at the header to send the ball flying into the back of the net . Bayern were beaten , United had completed an historic treble . As Ferguson remarked to ITV after the incredible climax , "  football , bloody hell . "	Alex Ferguson will retire as Manchester United manager at the end of the season The Scot has been in charge of the Old Trafford club since 1986 Ferguson has led the club to 13 English Premier League titles and five FA Cup wins United have also twice won the European Champions League under Ferguson
TAIPEI , Taiwan  CNN  -- A Taiwan court early Tuesday ordered ex-President Chen Shui-bian , who is facing corruption charges , back to jail after deeming him a flight risk . Former Taiwan president Chen Shui-bian speaks to reporters on December 12 in Taipei . Chen had been free on bail , but prosecutors sought his return to state custody . After 12 hours of deliberation , a panel of three district court judges approved the request at 3 a.m. Taiwan time . Chen was immediately taken to jail . The island 's first former president to ever face prosecution , Chen was freed earlier in December after spending a month in jail while prosecutors prepared his indictment on several corruption charges , including embezzlement and accepting bribes . Judges ordered Chen released after the indictment was formally presented , saying they did not believe he was a flight risk . However , Taiwan 's high court was not satisfied with the decision and assigned a new judge to the case . Chen 's attorney , Jen Wen Long , told reporters after the court order : "  We question the work of the Taipei district court . Changing the judge is an interference with the justice system . " Chen , whose term ended in May , is accused of embezzling about $ 18 million . A trial date has not been set in the case . Prosecutors allege he also took bribes , laundered money and illegally removed classified documents from the president 's office . Chen , 58 , has denied any wrongdoing and insists the charges are politically motivated . His party favors independence for Taiwan , while the administration of President Ma Ying-jeou favors closer ties with mainland China -- from which the island split amid civil war in 1949 . If convicted , Chen faces 25 years or more in prison , although prosecutors did not seek any specific jail time in their indictment . Thirteen others , including Chen 's wife , son , daughter-in-law and brother-in-law , also were indicted . Prosecutors have alleged that Chen 's son has a Swiss bank account containing $ 22 million in what they believe is illegal proceeds . Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report .	Chen , facing trial on corruption charges , had been free on bail A court freed Chen in early December , but high court disagreed with decision Chen , whose term ended in May , is accused of embezzling about $ 18 million His trial date has not been set
CNN  -- The spread of the potentially fatal Middle East respiratory syndrome has become more serious and urgent , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . At the same time , WHO said that -- for now , at least -- the illness known as MERS does not constitute a global health emergency Declaring an emergency is "  a major act " that can "  raise anxieties , " said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , the organization 's assistant director-general for health security . Despite concerns about the syndrome , researchers have not found "  any increasing evidence of person-to-person transmissibility , " he said . There have been 571 confirmed cases of MERS , including 171 deaths , according to the World Health Organization . The number of countries with confirmed cases expanded to 18 , with a case in the Netherlands , WHO reported Wednesday . Many of the cases are in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Even without any official worldwide alert , Anne Schuchat , the head of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , acknowledges that "  this is a relatively new virus that does have a high fatality rate , " ample reason to pay attention . Authorities have n't pinned down all the details about how exactly it arose and how it spreads , though Schuchat said , "  we do n't have evidence right now that this is airborne ... the way the measles virus is . " "  We do n't know as much as we would like so far , " the CDC official and assistant surgeon general in the U.S. Public Health Service told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin on Wednesday . " ... But we 're tracking it and trying to understand . " Florida health care workers test negative Two cases have been confirmed in the United States . Both patients are health care providers who were working in Saudi Arabia . The first is in Indiana ; the second in Florida . Two health care workers who came in contact with the Florida patient later went to an emergency room with flu-like symptoms . But they tested negative for MERS in a state test , the CDC said Wednesday . The Florida MERS patient , specifically , was fever-free and continuing to improve Wednesday while undergoing treatment at Orlando 's Dr. P. Phillips Hospital , the state 's health department said . Given the virus ' apparent roots in the Arabian Peninsula , Schuchat said it 's important that health care workers ask anyone who has suspicious "  respiratory symptoms " where they have been in recent weeks . "  More and more people are going to be traveling the next couple of months , so we really want clinicians to be on the lookout , " she said . Commercial airlines are on guard as well , including efforts to make sure those who might have come into contact with the two MERS patients in the United States did n't come down with the virus . American Airlines said in a statement that it is "  working very closely with the Centers for Disease Control , and contacted our flight crew as soon as we learned of  one such  diagnosis . The CDC is in the process of contacting passengers to advise them of any necessary precautions . " "  We are leaving no stone unturned in ensuring the good health of our employees and customers , " the airline said . And Delta Airlines said that , like all carriers , it "  has a long-standing protocol for working with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control , as we are in this instance . The safety of our customers and employees is Delta 's top priority . " One traveler who was on one possibly affected flight told CNN affiliate WMKG that the call she got about one confirmed case of MERS left her "  really scared . " Twelve days after her flight , she said , her state health department called and sent her a note asking whether she had symptoms such as fever or cough , and also saying she should record her temperature for two weeks . "  I was in shock that I could actually contract it , " she said . The woman , who did not want to be identified , said she and her husband so far had no symptoms . Another traveler , Ben Kinney , told CNN affiliate WXIA that the CDC called him twice in two days , saying he was on a flight from Boston to Atlanta with someone who had MERS . He said officials would not disclose how close he was to the patient . Four people -- each from different families -- have been tested in San Antonio for MERS because they were on a plane with one of the two confirmed U.S. patients , said San Antonio health department spokeswoman Carol Schliesinger . None of those four had any suspicious symptoms , she added . Tests for two of them have come back negative for MERS , while the other results are expected in the next couple of days . MERS does n't spread like flu MERS , first found in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 , is a coronavirus -- the same group of viruses as the common cold . It attacks the respiratory system . Symptoms can lead to pneumonia or kidney failure . There is no vaccine or special treatment . Besides those who contract the virus by coming into "  very close contact " with someone suffering , Schuchat cited "  a lot of interesting studies ... about camels and whether some sort of exposure to camels or their products might be important " in explaining MERS origins . While little is known definitively , "  Fortunately , so far , it has n't shown itself easily to spread from person to person , " she added . Dr. William Schaffner , head of preventive medicine of Vanderbilt Medical Center explained Wednesday on CNN 's "  New Day " that MERS can "  spread in the context of providing health care . "  That 's very important . And it has occasionally spread in Saudi Arabia from one family member to another . It requires close , constant , over time exposure . " People who go to a doctor or hospital with respiratory symptoms should be asked immediately whether they 've traveled to the Middle East or been in contact with someone who did . "  If the answer is yes , you put that person in isolation , " Schaffner said . Specimens are then taken and sent to the CDC for further testing . "  That system is working , " he said . Florida 's health secretary , Dr. John Armstrong , said Wednesday that the case in his state "  is contained . " "  There is no broad threat to the general public , " Armstrong said . 5 things to know about MERS Hagel , others checked for fever Representatives of 13 countries made up the WHO emergency committee that convened Tuesday through a phone conference , the WHO said . Affected countries need to take immediate steps to improve infection prevention and control , the WHO said . The majority of infections have taken place inside hospitals . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel got a firsthand brush Wednesday with fear of the disease in the land of its likely origin . Before a meeting in Saudi Arabia with Crown Prince Salman Abdulaziz in Jeddah , everyone entering the room with Hagel unwittingly passed by a device screening for fever . Its operators told reporters that they were checking for people who might be infected with the virus that causes Middle East respiratory syndrome . They found no one with a raised temperature . WHO does not recommend such a tactic in general , Fukuda said . Some MERS patients do n't have fevers , so just checking temperatures could "  create a false sense of security , " he said . The CDC is not recommending that anyone change travel plans . The U.S. State Department has instructed its embassies and consulates in Saudi Arabia , Oman , Qatar , Jordan , Kuwait , and the UAE to provide U.S. citizens with CDC 's general guidance for infection control , a State Department official said . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Miriam Falco , Elizabeth Cohen , Debra Goldschmidt , Aaron Cooper , Jen Christensen and Athena Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokeswoman : 4 tested in San Antonio for MERS ; none has symptoms A case in the Netherlands brings the total to 18 countries affected CDC official : "  We do n't know as much as we 'd like so far " Two U.S. airlines are coordinating with health officials over cases in U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Where do fighter pilots traveling faster than the speed of sound go when they really need to "  go " ? Pilots have struggled for years with the lack of toilet facilities in flight . Until recently , the answer has been : into a bag . But it 's not a great solution . "  Piddle packs " -- heavy-duty bags containing absorbent sponges -- have been blamed for at least two crashes over the years , and they 're not always tidy . A few years ago , after enduring years of complaints from pilots , the Air Force let it be known that it was looking for an answer . A small medical equipment development company in Milton , Vermont answered the call . "  The DoD put out a list of projects they needed solutions for , " said Mark Harvie , president of Omni Medical Solutions . "  Bladder relief for pilots was one of the items on the list and we were looking for a new project , " he said . Watch how apparatus makes it possible for pilots to drink up , fly high " That project turned into the Advanced Mission Extender Device , known in military jargon as the AMXD . After four years of testing by the Vermont Air National Guard and the Air Force and about $ 5 million in government and private funds , AMXD is spelling relief for pilots aloft . Under the old system , pilots routinely avoid liquids before taking off to prevent the unmentionable . But dehydration can make them more susceptible to the G-forces typically seen in fighter aircraft , Harvie said . When nature 's call becomes too pressing to ignore , a pilot has to fly and unbuckle the harness at the same time -- while using both hands to maneuver around in a seat to which he or she is virtually molded . The aerobatic maneuver is even harder for female pilots . On long or cold-weather flights , the amount of gear and clothing made the maneuver nearly impossible , and pilots would sometimes have no choice but to relieve themselves in their flight suits . In the AMXD , a cup for a man and a pad for a woman is strategically placed before the pilot dons a flight suit . An instructional DVD tells pilots : "  When the time comes to urinate , unzip the flight suit , remove the hose ... . The control unit will pump the urine from the cup to the collection bag , where it will be chemically gelled . " See how the system works " Pilots are free to think about other business . Harvie said the reviews have been positive from pilots of both genders . "  One woman had the device taken away after testing and was quite unhappy about having to return to the old method , " he said . "  The AMXD worked as advertised . I believe it 's a much better system and needs to be fielded ASAP , " says an unidentified pilot in a testimonial on the instructional DVD . The Air Force recently bought its first 300 systems for U.S. pilots around the world at $ 2,000 each . There 's room for expansion . The air service has more than 4,200 fighter pilots who fly planes that have no bathrooms , planes like the F-16 , F-15 , A-10 and the most advanced fighter , the F-22 . The system has already seen action in combat zones : Female helicopter pilots from the Netherlands used the system in Afghanistan . Harvie said it 's too early to know whether the device will become standard issue , but it has attracted plenty of interest . "  The Navy and Army are starting to look at the system for ground troops and carrier pilots , and looking at a version for private-sector uses , " Harvie said . Harvie said the Belgian Air Force has bought the system for its F-16 pilots .	Fighter pilots used "  Piddle packs , " heavy-duty bags , when they had to "  go " "  Piddle packs " blamed for at least two crashes over the years , not always tidy Advanced Mission Extender Device , or AMXD , a new system for pilots Air Force bought its first 300 units for U.S. pilots at $ 2,000 each
Asuncion , Paraguay  CNN  -- A scandal erupted in Paraguay after hundreds of teachers were accused of dancing with strippers during an official retreat . The country 's top education official has said she 's investigating after a cell phone video showing teachers dancing with strippers was leaked to Paraguayan media , where headlines have described the event as an "  erotic party . " The teachers had permission to miss class and participate in team-building activities at a retreat outside the country 's capital of Asuncion . But according to an investigation by the Ministry of Education and Culture , they did n't just discuss lesson plans or teaching at the April retreat . A cell phone video provided to CNN affiliate Telefuturo shows shirtless male strippers dancing with female teachers at the event as onlookers cheer and music blares . Some 800 teachers attended the event , officials said . "  The concern is , well , education is an essential service . So what are our motives for suspending classes ? Well , for a day of training , right ? Apparently with a union license . The content should be tied to educational priorities , " Education Minister Marta Lafuente said . The Education Ministry is investigating 79 school directors who participated in the retreat , which took place at a ranch about 25 kilometers  15 miles  outside the capital . According to some school officials , the strippers ' performances were not part of the event 's official program and happened without the consent of the organizers . The president of the National Union of Directors of Public Institutions described the event as immoral and called for those responsible to be punished . First , the event 's organizers should be sanctioned , union director Miguel Marecos said . But officials , he said , should take the punishment a step further . "  Then , take them to a spiritual retreat , " he said , "  and talk to them a bit about values . "	A video shows teachers dancing with strippers at the retreat Teachers had permission to miss class for the April event Paraguay 's education ministry is investigating Union leader suggests punishing organizers , sending them to a spiritual retreat
CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is on a national tour to promote her new memoir , "  Hard Choices . " But her journey has been unusually bumpy . Her recent gaffes about being "  dead broke " or supposedly unlike the "  truly well off " have made people wonder if she 's really in touch with ordinary Americans . And then there 's a legal case from her past cited in her book that makes one question whether she violated the attorney 's sacred oath to never betray a client 's secrets . The attorney-client privilege and its corollary duty to zealously advance the interests of even guilty clients form the very foundation of trust between lawyer and client . Clinton appeared to cavalierly toss these obligations aside in an interview she gave in the early 1980s . In 1975 , the year in which Hillary Rodham married Bill Clinton , she took on the defense of 41-year-old Thomas Taylor , who was accused of raping a 12-year-old girl . In Clinton 's memoir , she proudly discusses her role in the case , demonstrating impressive legal skills for a young attorney fresh out of Yale Law School . Opinion : Why Clinton 's comments matter I was beginning my legal career as a prosecutor in New York during this time and it is clear to me that Clinton 's legal tactics were quite consistent with those used by experienced and ethical defense attorneys of that era . Today 's preachers of political correctness , many of whom heartily endorse the Clinton candidacy , may be shocked at the details of the future senator 's forceful attack on the 12-year-old rape victim in the Taylor case , but times were different then . For example , while seeking to compel a psychiatric examination of the sixth grade victim , Clinton submitted her own sworn affidavit saying she had : " ... been informed that the complainant is emotionally unstable with a tendency to seek out older men and engage in ... fantasizing ... she has in the past made false accusations about persons , claiming they had attacked her body ... she exhibits an unusual stubbornness and temper when she does not get her way . " The Clinton affidavit stated that a "  child psychology " expert advised her that "  children in early adolescence tend to exaggerate or romanticize sexual experiences and that adolescents with disorganized families , such as the complainant , are even more prone to such behavior . " The language here would score a perfect 10 on the scale of political incorrectness in 2014 . The "  disorganized families " are obviously just ordinary poor people with maybe a dash of single-mother household thrown in for good measure . And the 12-year-old girl is "  stubborn " and has a "  temper . " Really ? Is that a problem in girls ? Opinion : Petty attacks on Hillary just wo n't matter In her book , Clinton describes her daring visit to a "  bombed-out "  read : "  African-American "  Brooklyn neighborhood to obtain the services of a renowned expert in blood analysis . This expert 's reputation pushed a nervous prosecutor into believing that his key piece of corroborating evidence -- blood and bodily fluids on the victim 's underwear -- would be thrown out of court . Without this evidence , which would have sealed Taylor 's fate , the prosecutor folded and accepted a plea to a lesser count . The result was that the man accused of rape that Clinton defended served only about a year in prison for an offense worth , even in 1975 , a 15-year state prison sentence . After one short year this "  rootless "  Clinton 's word  drifter was back on the street . While all this may sound horrible to the nonlawyers of the world , in fact everything Clinton did as defense counsel at the time appears to have been ethical and proper . Clinton 's defense focused on the child 's lack of believability and on throwing out the physical evidence based on the boneheaded prosecutorial destruction of the remaining testable blood-stained cloth . Looks like good lawyering so far . When looking at this case , the press has generally focused on Clinton 's "  inappropriate " laughter in an interview with an Arkansas journalist in the early 1980s . Demonstrating a truly tin political ear , she had consented to being tape-recorded . In listening to the tape , it is apparent to me that Clinton was not laughing about getting a man accused of rape off the hook , but rather at the ineptness of the prosecutors . On tape , she may also have been struggling to bond with the reporter , who often initiates the laughter . This type of shoptalk and gallows humor often takes place behind closed doors among criminal lawyers and prosecutors . But nobody tape records the talk , nobody talks this way "  on the record " to reporters . Even the sleaziest of criminal lawyers do n't generally brag about getting a man accused in the rape of a child off the hook . It might make attendance at local PTA meetings and "  Back to School Night " more than a little uncomfortable . Lawyers have an obligation to provide a strong defense to all whom they represent , even those who committed crimes . The Founding Fathers designed an adversarial system requiring proof beyond a reasonable doubt and the right to counsel . Opinion : How Hillary Clinton flubbed the wealth question Clinton performed her role as defense counsel to an unpopular , indigent client with skill and competence , affording him the constitutional rights cherished by Americans . So it is sad really to see her throw this all away and apparently betray the secrets and interests of her client for the sake of telling a good story to a reporter . But that is exactly what she did when during a subsequent interview  also in the 1980s  she revealed that Taylor had taken and passed a polygraph test . She said on tape that she has "  forever " lost her "  faith " in polygraph tests . What Clinton really may have been saying here is that her client lied in claiming innocence when he took the polygraph test because he was really guilty . In other words , she appears to have outed Taylor as a liar and a rapist . By framing the story in this way , Clinton violated not only the attorney-client privilege but also her obligation to fully represent the interests of her client as required by the attorney 's "  Code of Professional Responsibility . " It is utterly improper for a defense attorney to reveal a client confidence in this way . As a veteran teller of legal "  war stories , " my advice to Clinton is if you are going to tell one , leave out the child rapist case . Clinton may have handled the case tactics well , but the way she talked about her client raises a serious question about her devotion to legal ethics in her early years of practice . We can only hope that the experience she has accumulated in public life has taught the former secretary of state that a devotion to ethical conduct and fidelity to the interests of those she represents are critically important character traits .	Paul Callan : Hillary Clinton defended a man accused of rape early in her career Callan : She violated the attorney 's sacred oath to never betray a client 's secret He says Clinton behaved properly and ethically as a defense counsel in the case Callan : But one wonders if she can truly represent interests of those she represents
CNN  -- Vice Presidential debates are usually treated as bores or curios . The best you can hope for is a misstep that makes the headlines the next day -- think Dan Quayle comparing himself to Jack Kennedy or Bob Dole lambasting all those "  Democrat wars . " But the debaters are auditioning to be understudy , so they usually play it safe . Record numbers tuned in to watch Biden vs. Palin in 2008 simply to see if Sarah Palin would go 90 minutes without humiliating herself or her running mate . Apart from some aggressive winking , she performed adequately and disaster was avoided . So two personalities who ought to have made for great TV were actually a little dull . Thursday night 's debate will be different , because it matters in a way that previous matchups have not . Mitt Romney 's performance in last week 's debate seems to have shaken up the polls . That 's not just because he did well , but also because the voters appear to be more undecided about the election than we thought they were  just look at the massive attitude shift that Pew reports among female voters  . In such an environment , gaffes and good rhetoric count for a great deal . Recall that the debates proved just as important to deciding the Republican primaries , and one of the reasons why Romney won the primaries is that he was so good at the debates . With the country now evenly divided between the two nominees , the race could end up being settled by a few hours of televised sparring . Hence , Biden vs. Ryan is worth tuning in to . Martin : Biden must deliver for Team Obama It also helps that these two men embody the differences between the two parties . Both are Catholics , but from contrasting traditions . Biden comes from the Vatican II generation for whom Catholic piety is centered on social justice and economic fairness . For him , government welfare programs are an extension of Christian charity -- and he 's happy to embrace the cultural changes that have altered attitudes about contraception , women and gay rights . 7 questions you would ask at the VP debate By contrast , Ryan is part of the John Paul II generation of conservative Catholics who have often despaired of the American church 's flirtation with liberalism . Ryan has a moral theology that sees government as sapping self-reliance , and abortion as the murder of the unborn . Between the two of them , we have the bifurcation of the Roman Catholic Church personalized : social conscience vs. natural law . That said , it 's interesting to note that Ryan has been prepping for this debate with Ted Olson -- the man who provided legal assistance to pro-same-sex marriage campaigners . It 's surprising that no movement conservatives have made a fuss about the company that Ryan keeps . In this contest between Catholics , who stands the better chance of winning ? Paul Ryan , and for three reasons . First , Ryan is younger . In last week 's debate , despite being the older man , Romney came across as more youthful and energetic than the president . He looked not only ready to lead , but also more willing . Likewise , Ryan is a handsome , athletic young man who hunts deer with a bow and arrow . Already the star of an internet "  Hey Girl " meme , he will reinforce the impression that the GOP ticket is the more virile . CNN Exclusive : How Paul Ryan sharpens debate skills Second , Biden is a more erratic performer than Ryan and so more likely to make a blunder . A good drinking game to play during the debate would be to take a shot every time Biden says "  literally , " another if he mispronounces someone 's name , and another if he forgets Paul Ryan 's . His tendency toward hyperbole and emotionally charged gaffes is notorious . The flip side of that problem is that if he keeps his natural energy too much in check , then he wo n't seem like the same old Biden that Democrats know and love . In 2008 , he was outperformed by Sarah Palin partly because he seemed to be playing the statesman . As a rule , Biden does better in front of loud , sympathetic audiences  see his barnstorming convention speech  . Third , the issue momentum is with Romney/Ryan . It 's true that Friday 's jobs report lowered the unemployment rate and brought some good news to the administration . But it does n't seem to be reflected in the polls yet . That might be because many Americans do n't feel like things are getting better -- because so many are quitting the labor market or getting part-time work . Add to that some of the negative reports about the administration 's handling of the Middle East and you get the sense that this week belongs to the Republicans . Opinion : Five ways Obama can bounce back Whoever wins , what is reassuring for fans of politics is the importance that debate has played in this election . With millions of dollars spent on negative ads and the Internet awash with silly stories about dogs on cars and old speeches , it 's nice to know that uninterrupted , rational debate spread over just 90 minutes can still make such an impact in contemporary American democracy . Biden vs. Ryan is far from Lincoln vs. Douglas , but the spirit lives on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	With the race close , Thursday 's VP debate matters in a new way , says Timothy Stanley Biden and Ryan embody the differences between the two parties , Stanley says Being younger and less erratic than Biden gives Ryan an edge , he says Stanley : As a rule , Biden does better in front of loud , sympathetic audiences
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- The mayor of the capital of Russia 's North Ossetia region was killed Wednesday when his car came under gunfire , officials said . Russian police stand near the car of assassinated Vladikavkaz Mayor Vitaly Karayev . Vitaly Karayev , the mayor of Vladikavkaz , was seriously hurt when his car was fired upon Wednesday morning , and he later died from gunshot wounds , the North Ossetian internal ministry told CNN . Authorities do not have a motive for the attack , North Ossetian President Taimuraz Mamsurov said . "  I do n't even have any theories concerning the incident , " the president told the Interfax news agency . "  The man had just started working in this office . " North Ossetia and the rest of the Caucasus region have been plagued with violence and political instability over the years . North Ossetia borders Georgia 's South Ossetia region , where a conflict erupted between Georgia and Russia in August . The area also borders the long-turbulent breakaway region of Chechnya . Earlier this month , a suicide bomber targeted a minibus unloading passengers at a market in Vladikavkaz , killing at least 12 people and wounding more than 40 others . Last month , the deputy mayor of Vladikavkaz was injured when a bomb exploded in his car . -- CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report	The mayor , Vitaly Karayev , died from gunshot wounds North Ossetia and the rest of the Caucasus have been plagued with violence Area is near where a conflict erupted between Georgia and Russia in August North Ossetia also borders the long-turbulent breakaway region of Chechnya
CNN  Jo Jin-hye , who escaped North Korea , wanted to watch "  The Interview . " The comedy lampoons North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , whose dynasty she loathes . Her father died in custody of North Korean security forces , who tied him by his wrist in a torturous position for 10 days without food . Her younger brother starved to death and her older sister is missing . Read her story : A brutal choice Jo escaped North Korea with her mother and sister , and was granted asylum in the United States in 2008 , where they now reside in a quiet suburb . When told "  The Interview " would not be shown in theaters , Jo asked , "  Are we that afraid ? It 's sort of embarrassing . I thought America is strong . If North Korea is that frightening , I think that speaks for itself . " If North Korea hacked the United States , she said , "  Of course , people have to hack North Korea . " Satire and North Korea There 's nothing like canceling a satire to anger a nation . From celebrities to politicians , just about anybody with a social media account has been venting about Sony Picture 's decision to pull "  The Interview " from U.S. theaters . Critics say it 's caving to hackers and muzzling free speech . The FBI announced North Korea is officially responsible for the cyberattack on Sony Pictures , an attack law enforcement officials called a "  game changer . " In a press conference Friday , Obama said the United States will respond "  proportionally " to the attack , though he would not say how it would specifically retaliate . "  Right now people are angry in the U.S. , people are angry at Sony , " said Alex Gladstein , director of institutional affairs at Human Rights Foundation . "  It 's not the greatest movie of all time , but they ca n't even go see it . " He said he 'd like to harness the interest about the film and North Korea to "  get people to hack North Korea back in a educational way , to look at what we 're doing , some of the groups of North Koreans who 've escaped , who are hacking for educational purposes . If we can hack North Korea back , it 'd be pretty powerful . " Gladstein does n't mean hacking in the sense of exposing emails or using the tactics of the Sony hackers , who call themselves the Guardians of Peace . It 's a type of hacking "  to disrupt North Korea and help end the Kim regime 's monopoly of knowledge . It 's nonviolent and we 're figuring out the best way to get Hollywood movies , Korean dramas and offline Wikipedias , different art , music into North Korea . " For years , activists have been disseminating radios , launching balloons near the border and circulating secret cell phones , USB drives through smugglers to communicate with North Koreans -- who are at great threat if they 're caught . They face severe punishment , imprisonment and even death for possessing or watching foreign media . "  Satire and creative thinking are dangerous for dictatorships and the ability to control society . It 's losing control and it 's very afraid of that , " Gladstein said . Balloon activists vow to send copies of "  The Interview " The group wants to drop DVDs of "  Team America : World Police , " a 2004 film that pokes fun at North Korea 's former leader , Kim Jong Il , along with several other movies in a campaign it 's calling #Hackthemback . The country 's human rights record is under increasing scrutiny as the UN General Assembly called for the Security Council to refer North Korea to the International International Criminal Court and sanction those most responsible for "  crimes against humanity . " Silicon Valley meets North Korean defectors In August , a group of human rights activists , coders , engineers and Silicon Valley types gathered in SOMA , a San Francisco neighborhood known for its concentration of start-ups and tech companies . North Korean defectors flew into the event , called Hack North Korea to share their insights in spreading information inside the country . DVDs and Korean dramas give North Koreans a peek into the forbidden , outside world they had never known . "  When North Koreans describe their ` Aha ' moment , when they realize they were lied to by their government , they got information from a movie or reading a book or seeing something -- something that jived , " said Alex Lloyd , a Silicon Valley venture capitalist , who also co-organized the event . Some of the hackathon ideas included retro tech like smuggling pagers into North Korea to decidedly no tech , like a slingshot to fling media across the border . One centered on using the Raspberry Pi , a popular microcomputer that fits in the palm of the hand . Why everyone wants a slice of Raspberry Pi The winning idea at the hackathon was a satellite receiver that would get broadcast signals from South Korea . That team has an 18-year-old hacker , named Justice Suh , who traveled to South Korea this year to show a prototype to North Korea activist groups . If the receivers are small enough , they could be smuggled into the country for North Koreans to receive outside information , Suh said . The first hackathon was a test and future North Korea-focused events will likely focus on solving certain technical issues , Lloyd said . "  What 's lasting is the relationships made between the North Korean community living in South Korea and Silicon Valley , " he said . Things that annoy North Korea : Christmas trees , soap operas and K-pop	North Korean defector who lives in U.S. calls picture pulling "  embarrassing " Group seeks to harness anger over film being pulled , turned into attention on North Korea Hackathons meant to find ways to disseminate information in North Korea
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate began formal debate Thursday on a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia , a top presidential priority that conservative Republicans had tried to block in the current lame-duck session of Congress . However , the chamber moved on to other issues on Thursday night , leaving open the question of when it would vote on ratifying the pact . With the current lame-duck session of Congress approaching conclusion , Senate Democrats were trying to make progress on considering the treaty despite a Republican threat to block any legislation brought up before the Senate acts on a measure authorizing continued government spending . On Wednesday , senators voted 66-32 to take up the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , known as New START , which would resume mutual inspections of U.S. and Russian nuclear arsenals while limiting both nations to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers each . The accord cleared the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in September , and has been endorsed by some leading Republican figures , including former President George H.W. Bush and Sen. Richard Luger of Indiana , the ranking GOP member of foreign relations panel . In a recent Washington Post editorial , five big guns of Republican foreign policy -- former secretaries of state Henry Kissinger , George Shultz , James Baker , Lawrence Eagleburger and Colin Powell -- urged their fellow Republicans to support the treaty , which they say is "  is clearly in our national interest . " Republicans had pledged to block consideration of any other legislative items until passage of both the spending measure and a tax package negotiated by the White House and congressional Republicans . The current resolution authorizing government spending runs out Saturday , requiring congressional approval of a new one to cover the rest of the fiscal year . Reid said Thursday the Senate will remain in session to complete its work , even it means cutting into the upcoming holiday recess originally scheduled to begin Saturday . Debate on the START accord could resume Friday and continue next week , he said , adding that Republicans can offer amendments if desired . Reid has insisted that he has sufficient support to ratify the treaty . But some Senate Republicans have opposed bringing the measure up with so little time left in the lame-duck session . Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , told reporters Wednesday that a rushed schedule to debate the treaty would prevent Republican senators from being able to offer substantive amendments that require serious debate . He expressed "  great frustration and disappointment " with what he called the refusal of Reid and Senate Democrats to put off the debate until there is time to do it properly in the new Congress that convenes in early January . However , Senate Democrats said Kyl and Republicans have been given plenty of opportunities to discuss and influence the treaty , and now must show that they truly want it to go forward instead of continuing to delay it . Ratification requires support from two-thirds of the Senate , or 67 votes . Democrats currently control 58 seats and need nine Republicans for ratification . In the new congressional session , the Democrats will have only 53 seats and would need 14 Republican votes to ratify the treaty . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The Senate begins debate on the treaty , then moves on to other issues Kerry says it is time for Republicans to join Democrats to ratify the treaty Kyl says rushing the pact through before Christmas disrespects the Senate The accord resumes inspections of nuclear arsenals and reduces the numbers of warheads
CNN  -- As political pros , journalists and pundits pick over exit polls to study how and why President Obama beat Mitt Romney for the presidency , a lot of the attention has been showered on the Latino turnout , gender gap and voters under 30 . The African-American turnout has largely been overlooked , seen by prognosticators as a no-brainer for President Obama . There was never any doubt he was going to receive the overwhelming majority of black support . In 2008 , Obama won 95 % of the black vote , with black women voting at a higher rate than any other group in the country . But six to nine months ago , numerous Obama campaign workers were privately expressing concern about the enthusiasm level of black voters , and about whether the massive 2008 turnout could be equaled . Politics : What the election teaches us about ourselves They hoped registration efforts and get-out-the-vote drives would kick in at the right time . Re-electing the first black president was clearly a motivating factor for African-Americans , but what also should be noted is the Republican Party 's efforts to enact voter suppression laws . Not only were black folks angered and shocked at Republicans ' blatant attempts at voter suppression in Ohio , Pennsylvania , Florida , Virginia , Texas and other states , they exacted revenge at the ballot box . Conservatives have valiantly tried to assert that voter ID laws , trimming the early voting days and even eliminating early voting on Sundays was a prudent and practical decision that had nothing to do with black , Hispanic and young voters , or anyone else . Opinion : The GOP 's real problem is ideology But anyone with half a brain could see that the GOP was desperate to upend the coalition that proved so pivotal to Obama in 2008 . All over the country GOP-led legislatures and governors rushed to pass voter ID laws , only to see federal courts reject a number of them that clearly were n't thought through properly . In Ohio , the voter suppression tactics were outrageous . After public pressure mounted to stop the practice of extending early voting in GOP-leaning counties and cutting them in Democratic-leaning counties , Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted had no choice but to equalize early voting periods . Such decisions , frankly , ticked off black activists , politicians , and civil rights groups to the point their voter registration campaigns went into overdrive . I talked to officials in multiple states , and the anger could be heard in their voices . Social media played a role as every new voter suppression effort was exposed , setting off a litany of complaints . Opinion : GOP routed by reality In Florida , Republicans stopped allowing early voting on the Sunday before Election Day , with no explanation as to why . In 2008 , black churches marched a massive number of congregants to the polls , led by their slogan , "  Souls to the Polls . " The GOP clearly did n't want to see that happen again . Obstacles like these rekindled the feeling among many African-Americans of the tactics enacted during the civil rights movement to keep blacks from voting . So pastors , deacons and laymen pushed and prodded their members to cast absentee ballots , and pushed hard for their members to stand in lines that during the early voting period can last as long as eight hours . In Ohio , activists hit the salons , barbershops , recreation centers and churches to rally voters to do their civic duty . Black radio stations were enlisted in the battle to protect the sanctity of the ballot . Opinion : Obama 's critics , repudiated at last Even when the networks were calling the election for President Obama on Tuesday , Florida residents were still standing in line to vote , some places in the rain , doing their part to push back . According to NAACP president and CEO Ben Jealous , the organization registered 432,000 voters , a 350 % increase over 2008 . The president 's reelection was n't about one group over another being the deciding factor . It was a collection of voters from varied backgrounds that made the difference . But the GOP should recognize and accept that its voter suppression tactics were not only roundly defeated , but were decimated . It was the late civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer who famously said , "  I 'm sick and tired of being sick and tired . " Black voters , and others , were sick and tired of the GOP trying to keep their votes from being cast by passing onerous laws , and they responded in an amazing way , matching the historic turnout of 2008 , and bringing to life the civil rights anthem , "  Ai n't Gon na Let Nobody Turn Me Around . " Opinion : How GOP can attract Latino voters The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : African-Americans outraged by GOP attempts at voter suppression Anyone could see that GOP wanted to block Obama supporters , he says Registration campaigns went into overdrive , and voters exacted revenge , Martin says The NAACP registered 432,000 voters , a 350 % increase over 2008 , he says
The decision by the Obama administration to intervene militarily in Iraq to prevent a potential "  genocide " against a religious minority , could potentially strain relations with Sunnis , who constitute the overwhelming majority of Muslims in the Middle East and wider Muslim world . The U.S. has stepped in to protect the Yazidi minority , and to stem the mass expulsion of Christians from their towns by the al Qaeda offshoot , ISIS -- which is now calling itself the "  Islamic State " or "  IS . " Most Arab and Muslim-majority nations have expressed their concern about the ascendancy -- and brutality -- of ISIS in Iraq , and have designated it as a terrorist organization . However , the framing of the U.S. intervention in "  humanitarian " and religious terms is likely to bolster several , related narratives that claim that the U.S. formulates its foreign policy based on an unwritten commitment to certain religious groups and sects -- especially Christians and Shia -- and an animus towards other ones ; Muslims in general but especially Sunnis . The more corrosive narratives morph into outlandish conspiracy theories that weaken U.S. standing in the Middle East and beyond and further inflame the sectarianism that was ignited by the war in Syria and that has spread across the Muslim world . Just as importantly , these accounts have been adopted by ISIS and other militant , Islamist groups to bolster their recruitment efforts . In short , they threaten to undermine U.S. interests and national security . The notion that the U.S. is at war with Islam has its roots in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Generations of Arabs -- Muslims and otherwise -- have been politically socialized to view the U.S. as the main patron of Israel , which is portrayed as a brutal "  Zionist " state that has subjugated Palestinians and "  stolen " their land . However , it was the war against Afghanistan in 2001 , and subsequent invasion of Iraq in 2003 that framed the narrative more clearly in the minds of many as a general U.S. war against Muslims everywhere . As the war in Iraq became protracted , and a Shia-led government came to power , displacing the Sunni minority that had long dominated Iraqi politics , some mainstream Sunnis , as well as militants , started speaking about a "  Crusader , Safavid , Zionist " alliance  the U.S. , Iran , and Israel , respectively  that was conspiring against Sunnis . Al Qaeda 's branch in Iraq succeeded in recruiting militants to fight the U.S. and Nouri Al Maliki 's government by portraying him as an agent of Iran , a Shiite theocracy committed to the subjugation of Sunnis . However , it was the civil war in Syria , where the Alawite-led regime of Bashar al-Assad , brutally suppressed the Sunni majority , killing more than 100,000 people and displacing millions of others in the process , that allowed al Qaeda to craft a jihadist narrative that has resonated with militants around the world and made Syria their favorite destination . It is in that fertile ground that ISIS emerged and subsequently flourished . Within minutes of President Obama 's statement explaining his two primary reasons for the intervention in Iraq -- the other being protecting U.S. personnel and facilities -- Arabic social media sites and discussion forums on the Internet were inundated with postings expressing a combination of disappointment , dismay and even anger . Many lamented the prospect of another U.S. "  invasion " of Iraq . More pronounced was the tone of incredulity at the perceived unjust , double standard that the U.S. was displaying by acting in Iraq after it had refused to stop the carnage in Syria . In the minds of many , U.S. military action to protect Iraqi Yazidis and Christians , revealed U.S. "  compassion " for Christians . Many asked rhetorically , "  Does the suffering of Syrians not count ? " The timing of the President 's decision was a further complicating factor , coming on the heels of the latest round of violence between the Israeli government and the Islamist group Hamas in Gaza . The conflict dominated news cycles since it began on July 8 , with images of dead Palestinian children broadcast on satellite news channels around the clock and shared thousands of times on Twitter and Facebook . A common sentiment was outrage at the perceived "  silence " of the world . Elaborating on his reasons for authorizing the attacks in an interview over the weekend , President Obama said "  We 're not going to let them create some caliphate through Syria and Iraq . " While the recent declaration by ISIS leader Abu Bakr Al Baghdadi that the "  caliphate " had been reestablished -- and that all Muslims had to pledge allegiance to him -- fell on deaf ears across the Muslim world , President Obama 's seemingly inadvertent use of the word caliphate reminded some of President George W. Bush 's ill-advised use of the term "  crusade " in the wake of the September 11 attacks to describe his "  war on terrorism . " While the use of such words is seen as unfortunate but largely innocuous in the West , in the Middle East and much of the wider Muslim world , moments like these breathe life into otherwise baseless conspiracies for generations . Those who are familiar with the dominant narrative in Pakistan understand that when it comes to U.S. officials , there is no such thing as a "  slip up " . For its part , ISIS and its sympathizers created multiple hashtags on Twitter within minutes of the President 's announcement . While some promised that a "  calamity will befall " the U.S. , others stressed that the air strikes were just the latest in a long string of U.S. crimes against Muslims . To avoid perpetuating these destructive narratives , the U.S. must be careful in how it frames the intervention going forward . To avoid alienating over a billion Sunni Muslims around the world -- making some of them easy prey for ISIS and other militant organizations -- the U.S. should avoid using religious terminology and deemphasize the religion of both the victims and the aggressors . What the U.S. can realistically do in Iraq Why does the U.S. intervene militarily in Iraq but not in Syria ?	The U.S. has stepped into Iraq to protect the Yazidi minority and stem the expulsion of Christians Fahad Nazer says most Arab and Muslim-majority nations are concerned by ISIS ' rise But framing the intervention in religious terms bolsters theories of U.S. bias , he says Washington should deemphasize the religion of the aggressors and the victims , he says
CNN  -- It looks like a portal to another dimension crafted from alien technology to bridge yawning chasms across time and space . In reality , it 's a fruit and vegetable market . Either way , it 's unlikely that anyone could fail to be excited by the prospect of loading up on groceries at Markthal , a combined food hall and housing project that opened earlier this month in the Dutch port city of Rotterdam . The development , already feted by architecture critics , houses 100 market stalls beneath a gigantic , brightly decorated archway that contains 228 apartments . Informally known as the "  Horseshoe , " the impressive structure adds to the limited roster of attractions in Rotterdam . To date the city 's chief tourism claims are that it 's the busiest container port in Europe and is home to the Netherlands ' most popular zoo . ` Valhalla of food ' Designed by Dutch architectural firm MVRDV , Markthal is a key project in a major regeneration of the city center around Rotterdam 's Binnenrotte Square . The building is described in promotional materials as a "  Valhalla of food . " "  The combination of an apartment building covering a fresh food market with food shops , restaurants , a supermarket and an underground parking is found nowhere else in the world , " it says . It 's certainly a first for the Netherlands . The archway , closed at either end by vast walls of glass , is the country 's only indoor food market and has been built in response to new regulations that require produce retailers to be under cover . So it 's functional and street legal as well as eye-popping .	Rotterdam 's new food hall resembles vast intergalactic installation Markthal features a huge arch containing more than 200 apartments It 's built to comply with new Dutch laws that require food markets to be under cover
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- She walked to the cameras and could barely look up . With her lip quivering , Sherry Jarvis apologized to the family of 15-year-old Michael Brewer , who is clinging to life in a hospital burn unit . Jarvis is the mother of two boys who , along with three other youths , are accused in the burning of Brewer . Detectives say witnesses saw Brewer , consumed in flames , run about a hundred yards , tear off his shirt and jump into a swimming pool . Brewer 's screams can be heard on a 911 call from the October 12 incident . Doctors say he was burned on about 65 percent of his body . "  I 'd just like to express how horribly sorry we are , " Jarvis said in a public statement she and her family made Wednesday . Accompanied by her husband and two daughters , Jarvis spoke slowly as she addressed a gathering of reporters . "  This is a horrible incident that should have never had occurred . " said Jarvis , her voice full of sorrow and shock . Her sons , ages 13 and 15 , face charges that could send them to prison for a long time . Authorities in Broward County , Florida , believe that Brewer was attacked in a chain of events that began when he did not pay one of the five boys $ 40 for a video game . That boy stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle , and when Brewer told police , the youth was arrested , then released , authorities said . The next day , the group of five teens allegedly surrounded Brewer and , according to eyewitnesses , yelled , "  He 's a snitch . He 's a snitch " before one of them poured alcohol over him , another sparked a lighter , and Brewer was ablaze . All of the boys had been friends since elementary school , authorities said . They did sleepovers at one another 's homes , and their families knew each other . "  We pray for Michael 's recovery every day , that he gets stronger , which we know in our hearts that he will , " Sherry Jarvis said . But doctors are unsure about his recovery . Brewer remains on a ventilator . A machine is breathing for him . Each day , a team of doctors spends about four hours changing his bandages . He remains heavily sedated and is going through a very difficult period right now , according to doctors . "  The swelling has come way down , and you can recognize facial expressions now , " said Dr. Nicholas Namias , medical director of the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center in Miami . "  We 're still dealing with the respiratory failure . We 're dealing with infection now and the need to supply the massive amount of nutrition that this person needs to survive , " Namias told CNN . "  People are writing horror stories ... but people just ca n't imagine the kind of sickness we 're talking about . He is by no means well ... but the expectation is survival , " he said . Because he is sedated and on the ventilator , Brewer has been unable to communicate with detectives . Earlier this week , prosecutors were granted extra time to build their cases against the five teens , four 15-year-olds and the 13-year-old . Prosecutors have until November 12 to charge the five as adults , or they will be charged as juveniles and released pending trial later . The 13-year-old can not face adult charges under Florida law , but that would change if Brewer died . Prosecutors want to interview Brewer about the incident , but doctors say that is unlikely to happen before next week . Brewer 's family was not represented at the Jarvis family 's public apology . The victim 's parents could not be reached for comment . After making her apology , Jarvis said the family would not take questions from the gathered reporters . "  I do n't have the words to express any more . I ca n't answer any more questions because of the criminal case that 's still pending , " she said . The Jarvis family has received death threats , according to family members and their attorney . They have n't stayed at their home since the incident , they say , adding that people have been throwing garbage and even dead animals on their property . On Wednesday , with their attorney at their side , they simply wanted to say to Michael Brewer and his family that they are sorry . Detectives have returned to the Brewer house , after two dolls were found in the swimming pool . The male and female dolls had been melted together , head to feet . "  At this point , we 're thinking it 's a sick joke , said Jim Leljedal , a spokesman for the Broward County Sheriff 's Office . "  It 's being classified as criminal mischief , but we 'd like to know who 's responsible , " he said .	Five teenagers are accused in the burning of a Florida boy Mother of 2 suspects apologizes , says crime "  should have never had occurred " Doctors say victim , burned on about 65 percent of his body , is on ventilator , expected to live Because he is sedated and on ventilator , victim has n't communicated with detectives
CNN  Sarah Goodfriend and Suzanne Bryant , together for more than 30 years , made history Thursday by participating in Texas ' first same-sex marriage , despite a statewide ban . Hours later , however , the Texas Supreme Court blocked other gay couples from obtaining marriage licenses after a legal challenge by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton . The state high court did not explicitly say it invalidated the marriage of the two women in Austin , but Paxton said in a statement that the court voided the marriage license . "  The same-sex marriage license ... is void , just as any license issued in violation of state law would be , " the attorney general said . Carl Tobias , a professor at the University of Richmond Law School in Virginia , said via email that the Supreme Court stay did not mention the marriage license . "  He is asserting something that the order does not say on its face , " Tobias said of Paxton . "  He may be correct , but you sure can not tell what he says from the order 's wording . " A county clerk in Austin issued the state 's first marriage license to the same-sex couple , acting on the order of a Travis County judge who said health issues prevented the couple from waiting for further court decisions . Travis County Clerk Dana DeBeauvoir 's office said she issued Goodfriend and Bryant a marriage license at the order of District Judge David Wahlberg . Goodfriend said she had emergency surgery after being diagnosed with ovarian cancer in May . Paxton responded by asking the Texas Supreme Court to block any rulings that "  seek to undermine the constitutionality of Texas ' marriage law . " "  The Texas Constitution clearly defines marriage as between one man and one woman , as Texas voters approved by an overwhelming majority , " he said in a statement on Wednesday . "  The law of Texas has not changed , and will not change due to the whims of any individual judge or county clerk operating on their own capacity anywhere in Texas . Activist judges do n't change Texas law , and we will continue to aggressively defend the laws of our state and will ensure that any licenses issued contrary to law are invalid . " In a statement , Gov. Greg Abbott said the "  Texas Constitution defines marriage as consisting ` only of the union of one man and one woman ' and was approved by more than three-quarters of Texas voters . I am committed to ensuring that the Texas Constitution is upheld and that the rule of law is maintained in the State of Texas . " Thursday 's order applied only to that one couple , and "  any additional licenses issued to same-sex couples also must be court ordered , " DeBeauvoir 's office said in a statement . "  We 're here today -- two moms , two daughters -- but we 're not different than the thousands and thousands of same sex couples who were recognized in the last census , " Bryant said . "  There are thousands of gay Texans . Everybody knows one or two or three . Even if you do n't know , you do know them . They may not feel safe to be out but you know them . " At a news conference , Goodfriend and Bryant held hands with their daughters , Dawn and Ting . "  Is this really happening ? " Bryant asked a couple of times . "  It 's a very important day for our family , " she told reporters . "  It 's a very important day for everyone who believes in justice and equality . " "  This really is very very meaningful to our family to have the kind of ability to make personal decisions , health decisions and financial decisions as a family , " Goodfriend said of the historic moment . But Goodfriend said the moment was bittersweet . "  There are many other Texans , thousands of Texans who would like to be able to have their loving committed relationship recognized , " she said . Tobias said the Supreme Court stay essentially means the issuance of other marriage licenses to gay couples is unlikely . And the county court judge 's ruling does not portend the end of the Texas ban . "  I think that the state court judge seems to be treating this case as a special one  because  of the health issues involved , so this appears to be a special exception , " he said . "  But  it 's  unclear why the  attorney general  is so vigorously contesting what seems to be a narrow ruling , which may only apply to the couple before the court . " Texas ' ban on same-sex marriage was struck down by a federal judge in January 2014 , though that judge allowed it to remain in effect pending appeals . "  We did n't want to wait for the Supreme Court to make a decision -- which in June they probably will allow Texans to marry , " Bryant said . "  We have reasons to need to move a little bit faster . It seems that the judge understood that . " Bryant , an attorney , said she was n't too concerned about the state attorney general 's efforts . "  If they want to come in and try to undo this they will , " she told reporters . "  We have a valid marriage license and I do n't think they can . " DeBeauvoir 's statement said her office was ordered to immediately "  cease and desist relying on the unconstitutional Texas prohibitions against same-sex marriage as a basis for not issuing a marriage license . " In the case of Goodfriend and Bryant , the statement cited "  severe and immediate health concerns . " "  We are all waiting for a final decision on marriage equality , " DeBeauvoir said in the statement . "  However , this couple may not get the chance to hear the outcome of this issue because  of  one person 's health . ... It is important to note that this order applies only to the medically fragile couple who brought the court action . Any additional licenses issued to same-sex couples also must be court ordered . " Paxton said his office filed a lawsuit seeking to enjoin the Travis County clerk from issuing any other same-sex marriage licenses . Bryant told reporters , "  We 're just very grateful that we 've had this opportunity to crack the door open in Texas . We hope it will swing wide for everyone very soon . " CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Texas issues first marriage license to a same-sex couple in the state Travis County judge said couple could n't wait for court decisions for health reasons
A policewoman narrowly escaped injury when a petrol bomb was thrown at a police car in Belfast , police said , as tensions in Northern Ireland prompted by a vote on the flying of the Union flag continue to simmer . At the time of the attack , the car was stationed outside the office of Alliance Party lawmaker Naomi Long , who received a death threat last week . The Police Service of Northern Ireland is treating the incident as an attempted murder . Long , the Alliance Party 's sole lawmaker in the UK Parliament at Westminster , has called on British Prime Minister David Cameron to intervene . Read more : Police : Loyalist paramilitaries behind Northern Ireland violence The violent outbreaks were prompted by a decision on Monday of last week by Belfast city councilors to stop flying the Union flag year-round , restricting it instead to certain days . Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson condemned the attack , saying : "  The attempted murder of a police officer in East Belfast was a despicable act of terror . "  The masked men responsible do not act in the name of our Union flag . They are bringing shame on it . My prayers are with the police officers at the center of this attack . " Robinson , of the Democratic Unionist Party , said he defended the right to peaceful protest , but "  those intent on violence should stay at home . " Read more : Clinton urges calm amid tensions in Northern Ireland About 32 police officers were injured in the past week 's violence , Assistant Chief Constable George Hamilton said . There have been 38 arrests in connection with the loyalist disorder . "  It is completely unacceptable that officers who were carrying out their professional duty on behalf of the community should be subjected to a potentially murderous attack , " Hamilton said of the petrol bomb attack . "  This was a planned attempt to kill a police officer which also put the lives of the public in danger , and it is fortunate there were no injuries . " Clashes also broke out between groups of nationalist and loyalist youths in east Belfast , police said . Addressing Parliament , Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Theresa Villiers condemned the violence and appealed for calm . "  There can be absolutely no excuse or justification for this kind of thuggish and lawless behavior , " she said . "  Nobody can be in any doubt about the government 's support for the union and its flag . But those people engaged in the kind of violence we have seen in the past few days are not defending the Union flag . They are dishonoring and shaming the flag of our country . " A number of properties linked to the cross-community Alliance Party , which backed the decision to restrict the flying of the Union flag , have been targeted in the week since the vote . Alliance Party councilor Linda Cleland said the windows of her car were smashed and several windows in her home broken over the weekend . "  This violence must stop , " she said . "  There is no justification for the attack on my home or the homes and offices of my colleagues . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton joined Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness last week in condemning the threat to Long and the outbreaks of violence . Robinson and Mike Nesbitt , the Ulster Unionist leader , met Monday to discuss political proposals to address widespread concerns across the community , and agreed to hold further talks Tuesday . Police said Saturday that loyalist paramilitaries were behind some of the violence in Belfast and elsewhere . The vote on the Union flag followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police officers injured . Just more than a month ago , a prison officer was killed in a suspected dissident Irish Republican Army attack , the first such attack in years . In recent days , a number of suspected dissident IRA members have been arrested . The recent disorder follows more than a decade during which Northern Ireland has made steady progress toward lasting peace and stability . The majority of the island gained independence in 1921 , following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant unionists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as the Troubles . The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants .	Secretary of state for Northern Ireland condemns "  thuggish and lawless behavior " A police officer stationed by a lawmaker 's office was attacked with a petrol bomb , police say Tensions have been high since Belfast city councilors voted to limit the flying of the Union flag First Minister Peter Robinson : The attack on a police car "  was a despicable act of terror "
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A Harvard-educated legal expert was elected head of Tibet 's government-in-exile on Wednesday , filling the shoes of the Dalai Lama who said last month he was going to give up his political role . Lobsang Sangay got 55 % of the vote , beating two other candidates for the post of Kalon Tripa , or prime minister . In March , the Dalai Lama announced his plan to retire as political head of the Tibetan exile movement , saying Tibetans needed an elected leader "  to whom I can devolve power . " Explainer : Tibetans vote for a future He remains the group 's spiritual leader . Born in the tea-growing region of Darjeeling in India , Sangay arrived in the United States in 1995 . He received his doctorate in law from Harvard University , where he also was a research fellow in the East Asian Legal Studies program and held events related to Tibet . In May , Tibetan representatives will meet to discuss the Dalai Lama 's proposal of political retirement . Their recommendations will be forwarded to the exiled parliament so that it can ratify the constitution and relieve the spiritual leader of his political responsibilities . The Dalai Lama fled China 52 years ago on March 10 , 1959 , after a failed uprising against Chinese rule . The exile group is headquartered in Dharamsala in northern India .	NEW : Sangay earned a doctorate in law from Harvard University NEW : In May , Tibetan representatives will discuss the Dalai Lama 's proposal Sangay beats out two other candidates The Dalai Lama has said he wants to hand over political power to an elected leader
Mexicans are watching closely as U.S. President Barack Obama prepares to announce his administration 's proposals to stem gun violence . The country 's top diplomat in the United States says the tragic Connecticut school shooting may have "  opened a window of opportunity " for Obama to fix a problem that has long plagued both sides of the border . "  The Second Amendment ... is not , was never and should not be designed to arm foreign criminal groups , " Mexican Ambassador Eduardo Medina Mora told reporters last week . His comments were just the latest in years of criticism of U.S. gun policies by Mexican officials , who blame weapons trafficking from the United States and the 2004 expiration of the U.S. assault weapons ban for fueling brutal drug violence south of the border . Now , the issues many Mexicans felt Washington had neglected are in the spotlight . On Wednesday , Obama is scheduled to announce his administration 's proposals to crack down on gun violence . And with indignation over guns growing in the United States , reforms that Mexico has long awaited may come through , Medina said . Mexico will keep pushing for better U.S. gun regulation , he said , noting that an assault weapons ban is one constitutional option . The end of the ban in 2004 impacted Mexico , he said . "  There is certainly a statistical correlation between the end of this measure and the increase in the firepower of foreign criminal groups , particular those that operate out of our country , " he said . On Monday , prominent Mexican peace activists renewed their call for the United States to stop weapons trafficking across the border , saying that the Connecticut shooting made the need for action all the more clear . "  We wish to convey our deepest condolences over the repeated slaughter of innocents in your country . As parents and grandparents , the killing of innocent children in Newtown  Connecticut  has moved us deeply , " Mexico 's Movement for Peace with Justice and Dignity said in a petition delivered to the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City . "  Consequently , " the petition continued , "  we are disconcerted and offended by the indifference of the United States toward the massacres that daily plunge Mexico into mourning . " Most of the weapons used in drug-related violence in Mexico can be traced back to the United States , the group said , citing U.S. government statistics . Nearly 70 % of the 99,000 weapons seized in Mexico from 2007 to 2011 came from the United States , the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said last year . That issue surged to the fore in Washington last year , amid a U.S. congressional inquiry into "  Operation Fast and Furious , " an operation run by U.S. federal agents . Authorities have said the operation was intended to track the flow of illegally purchased American guns to the Mexican cartels , but in practice , ATF agents allowed so-called straw buyers to take weapons across the border without being intercepted . In Mexico 's capital , authorities have started an exchange program to try to stem gun violence . In one Mexico City neighborhood last month , residents handed in hundreds of guns in exchange for money vouchers . Handguns , high-caliber weapons and even a hand grenade were among the weapons authorities collected . As part of the program , children also swapped toy guns for bicycles , electronic devices and toys . Last year , Mexico 's government used decommissioned weapons to build a massive sign near the U.S. border that said , "  NO MORE WEAPONS . " Americans on the other side of the border were the intended audience for the English-language sign , then-President Felipe Calderon said at the time , saying an increase in violence in Mexico was directly connected with the 2004 expiration of the U.S. assault weapons ban . "  The criminals have become more and more vicious in their eagerness to spark fear and anxiety in society , " he said . "  One of the main factors that allow criminals to strengthen themselves is the unlimited access to high-powered weapons , which are sold freely , and also indiscriminately , in the United States of America . "	Mexico blames brutal drug violence on guns trafficked from the United States Ambassador : The Second Amendment was not intended to arm foreign criminals He says indignation after the Connecticut school shooting may open "  a window of opportunity " Mexican peace activists say the United States has been indifferent to massacres there
CNN  -- Richard Kiel , the actor best known for playing the James Bond villain "  Jaws , " died Wednesday at a Fresno , California hospital , St. Agnes Medical Center spokeswoman Kelley Sanchez said . The cause of death for the 74-year-old actor has not been released . The 7-foot-2-inch Kiel , who was born in Detroit in 1939 , won over audiences worldwide in the 1970s as the steel-toothed character Jaws in the Roger Moore Bond classics "  The Spy Who Loved Me " and "  Moonraker . " "  I am totally distraught to learn of my dear friend Richard Kiel 's passing . We were on a radio programme together just a week ago . Distraught , " Moore tweeted early Thursday . Kiel appeared in a handful of B-movies and of TV shows -- including four episodes of "  The Wild Wild West " in 1965 -- in supporting , henchman roles that took advantage of his intimidating height . He first appeared as a metal-mouthed bad guy in "  Silver Streak , " the 1976 Gene Wilder-Richard Pryor train caper , but it was the Bond movies that made him most familiar to moviegoers . Kiel first encountered Moore 's James Bond in 1977 's "  The Spy Who Loved Me , " where his silent hitman Jaws repeatedly menaced Bond with his sharp metal teeth . Although repeatedly thwarted by the British spy , Jaws proved resilient and even sort of likable : Near the movie 's end he survived a brush with a killer shark by biting the creature . Jaws was such a popular character that the producers of the Bond series brought him back two years later for "  Moonraker , " which was set partly in space . He and Bond battled each other in a opening skydiving sequence and in a memorable scene atop an aerial tram in Rio de Janeiro . Later , Jaws switched allegiances to Bond upon learning that his employer , the villain Drax , planned to exterminate him . Opinion : Why Jaws was best ` Bond ' villain ever In later years , Kiel turned his hand to writing and producing as well as acting , including in the 1991 movie "  The Giant of Thunder Mountain , " according to the IMDB . He also had a small role in "  Happy Gilmore , " the 1996 Adam Sandler golf comedy . "  Richard Kiel was one of the nicest , funniest guys I 've ever met . I 'll never forget hanging out with him & how good he was to everyone , " Sandler tweeted Thursday . Kiel 's family posted this message on Facebook : "  It is with very heavy hearts that we announce that Richard has passed away , just three days shy of his 75th birthday . Richard had an amazing joy for life and managed to live every single day to the fullest . Though most people knew of him through his screen persona , those who were close to him knew what a kind and generous soul he was . "  His family was the most important thing in his life and we are happy that his last days were spent surrounded by family and close friends . Though his passing was somewhat unexpected , his health had been declining in recent years . It is nice to think that he can , once again , stand tall over us all . " People we 've lost in 2014	Richard Kiel played a steel-toothed villain in "  The Spy Who Loved Me " and "  Moonraker " The 7-foot-2-inch actor was born in Detroit in 1939 His cause of death has not been released
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Bibi Aisha , a young Afghan wife whose ears and nose were cut off by her husband , is heading to the United States on Wednesday for reconstructive surgery . Aisha made headlines and was on a recent cover of Time magazine , showing the plight of women in Afghanistan . "  When they cut off my nose and ears , I passed out , " Aisha said , describing the attack . "  It felt like there was cold water in my nose . I opened my eyes , and I could n't even see because of all the blood . " But she survived . With the help of an American provincial reconstruction team in Oruzgan province and the organization Women for Afghan Women , she finally received the help and protection she needed . And now she is on her way to the United States , where the Grossman Burn Foundation will provide her with reconstructive surgery and a new life . Read a behind-the-scenes with Aisha then and now Aisha says her mutilation was an act of Taliban justice for the crime of shaming her husband 's family . At 16 , she was handed over to her husband 's father and 10 brothers , who she claims were all members of the Taliban in Oruzgan . "  I spent two years with them and became a prisoner , " she said . Read more about Aisha 's story She eventually ran away but was caught by police in Kandahar . And although running away is not a crime , in places throughout Afghanistan , it is treated as one if you are a woman . Eventually her father-in-law found her and took her back to her abusive home . She was taken to a Taliban court for dishonoring her husband 's family and bringing them shame . The court ruled that her nose and ears must be cut off , an act carried out by her husband in the mountains of Oruzgan , where they left her to die . After Aisha 's story was exposed to the world through various news organizations , offers of help poured in . But there are many more women still suffering . The United Nations estimates that nearly 90 percent of Afghanistan 's women face some sort of domestic abuse . This in a country where there are fewer than a dozen women 's shelters providing sanctuary from the cruelty they face . And all of them are privately run . "  Bibi Aisha is only one example of thousands of girls and women in Afghanistan and throughout the world who are treated this way . Who suffer abuses like this -- like this and worse , " Women for Afghan Women board member Esther Hyneman said . In 2001 , the situation of Afghan women and Taliban brutality received lots of attention . Now , organizations like Women for Afghan Women say , the international community is strangely silent on the issue . And with the Afghan government 's plans to negotiate with some of the Taliban -- supported by many in the international community -- many fear that it will be the women who will pay the price . Hyneman says that not enough is being done to help the women in Afghanistan , and that feeds into the hands of the Taliban . Aisha is reminded of that every time she looks in the mirror . But at least now she will be going to the United States for a chance at a new life . And just like the iconic picture of an Afghan girl on a 1985 National Geographic cover brought the plight of Afghan women under Soviet oppression to the world 's attention , many hope Aisha 's face can show the new plight under the Taliban .	The Afghan woman whose ears and nose were cut off is heading to the U.S. She 's planning on reconstructive surgery in California Some look to Bibi Aisha to help show the plight of women under the Taliban
CNN  -- Of all things , it was surfing that first led Sandow Birk to Islam . Illustration of Sura  chapter  57 of the Quran is described by Sandow Birk as a triptych . The southern California artist rode the waves in Indonesia , India and Morocco , and on dry land , his curiosity piqued about the religion practiced there . He visited mosques and eventually , acquired a translated copy of the Quran , Islam 's holy book . Then came the chilling attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and Birk realized that Americans knew very little about the teachings of the Quran . He embarked on a project to paint all 114 suras  chapters  -- but in a way that no one had done before . The 46-year-old painter re-imagined God 's 7th-century revelation to the Prophet Mohammed in contemporary American context . Birk began transcribing the chapters , relating each to the things he knew best . So far , he has completed 60 chapters . "  American Quran " is currently on display in two California galleries . "  The simple goal was to take text and make it more familiar , " he said . So , the Quran 's opening chapter , seven verses asking for God 's guidance , often found displayed in Muslim homes , is bordered with arabesqing shapes that on closer inspection reveal objects essential to American home life -- spatulas , forks , toothbrushes , glasses , ladders , egg beaters , flip-flops . To illustrate a verse that speaks metaphorically about the thundering hooves of camels , Birk painted a stock-car race . How would Americans , after all , relate to camels ? The red , white and blue hues of a political convention accompany verses on hypocrisy . Other scenes unfold in offices , suburban lawns and sushi bars . They show funerals , weddings and holidays . And then there is sura 44 , called ad-dukhan  smoke  . "  Therefore , watch for the day when the sky brings a profound smoke . It will envelope the people ; this is a painful retribution , " chapter 44 says . Birk pushes buttons with his interpretation : a diptych of a Manhattan street scene , smoke billowing from the World Trade Center . "  I knew I would have to bring up the Trade Center . Otherwise this project would have been disingenuous , " Birk said . "  It was the crux of understanding of Islam for Americans . " And the impetus for Birk 's undertaking . San Francisco gallery owner Catharine Clark knew the Sura 44 panel had the greatest potential to offend . She said she worried about reaction to the piece , but said there was nothing malicious about Birk 's intent . "  It was a tough piece , " she said . "  But he 's not intending to upset anyone . " Birk says he is not a deeply religious person . He has , however , established a reputation for tackling projects of epic proportions , including work that explored the Iraq war and Dante 's "  Divine Comedy . " Clark said some Christian blogs have accused the artist of being an apologist for Islam . And Muslim reaction to his latest work has been mixed . Half of "  American Quran " is at Clark 's gallery . The other 30 chapters are on display at the Koplin del Rio gallery in Culver City . But four miles down Washington Boulevard , the reviews are not good . Usman Madha , a spokesman for the King Fahad Mosque , the largest in Los Angeles County , said he had no plans to see Birk 's work . Madha could not even get past the title . "  American Quran is very misleading , " Madha said . "  There is no such thing as an American Quran just as there is no European Quran or Asian Quran or Middle Eastern Quran . There is only one Quran . "  I am disheartened , " he continued . "  It gives a wrong impression . " Madha has heard about Birk 's vivid imagery . He said he understood the artist had good intentions and he respected freedom of expression . But he could not accept the idea of an illustrated Quran . That , he said , goes against the grain of of his religion . "  In Islam , we do n't have pictures . That becomes idolizing . And that is what we avoid , " Madha said . Birk , however , does not plan to abandon his personal Quran project . He hopes to complete all 114 chapters by 2011 , painstakingly transcribing by hand each chapter taken from a 1861 English translation of the Quran and painting with gouache on 16-by-24-inch paper . He said his panels are not literal illustrations but highly personal meditations on the messages in the Quran . It was important to him that Americans recognized that Islamic scripture was no more strange , poetic , violent or beautiful than any other religious text ; that it was telling similar stories that are in the Bible . That 's a message people expect from scholars , peacemakers , even theologians but not necessarily from a California surfer dude .	Surfing waves in Indonesia , India , Morocco inspired Sandow Birk 's interest in Islam 9/11 attacks led Birk to realize Americans knew very little about the Quran He embarked on a project to paint all 114 suras  chapters So far , he has completed 60 chapters of "  American Quran "
Think hotels are deliberately blocking your personal Wi-Fi networks so you 'll buy theirs ? No , it 's not just a conspiracy theory . It turns out the federal government is concerned about it , too . Marriott has agreed to pay a $ 600,000 fine after the Federal Communications Commission found the company blocked consumer Wi-Fi networks last year during an event at a hotel and conference center in Nashville . At the same time , Marriott was charging exhibitors and others as much as $ 1,000 per device to access the hotel 's wireless network , the FCC announced Friday . "  Consumers who purchase cellular data plans should be able to use them without fear that their personal Internet connection will be blocked by their hotel or conference center , " FCC Enforcement Bureau Chief Travis LeBlanc said in a statement . Federal law prohibits people from using a device that interferes with cellular , GPS or wireless networks . It 's the first time the FCC has investigated a hotel property for blocking its guests ' Wi-Fi , according to a senior FCC official with knowledge of the investigation . The unlawful blocking is n't "  jamming " in the traditional sense , where someone uses a jammer device to block wireless signals . Instead , Marriott employees were using the hotel 's own Wi-Fi system to block other people 's hot spots , the FCC official said . The order does n't just affect one Marriott property . Under the FCC consent decree , Marriott must not block guests ' Wi-Fi at all of the properties it owns and manages . The company must also file compliance plans with the FCC every three months for three years . A federal investigation of the Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center in Nashville found that Marriott employees had used "  containment features of a Wi-Fi monitoring system " at the hotel to prevent people from accessing their own personal Wi-Fi networks . "  It is unacceptable for any hotel to intentionally disable personal hot spots while also charging consumers and small businesses high fees to use the hotel 's own Wi-Fi network , " LeBlanc said . "  This practice puts consumers in the untenable position of either paying twice for the same service or forgoing Internet access altogether . " The Boogie Down Bronx Marriott issued the following statement Friday afternoon defending its actions : "  Marriott has a strong interest in ensuring that when our guests use our Wi-Fi service , they will be protected from rogue wireless hot spots that can cause degraded service , insidious cyber-attacks and identity theft , " the statement said . "  Like many other institutions and companies in a wide variety of industries , including hospitals and universities , the Gaylord Opryland protected its Wi-Fi network by using FCC-authorized equipment provided by well-known , reputable manufacturers . "  We believe that the Opryland 's actions were lawful . We will continue to encourage the FCC to pursue a rulemaking in order to eliminate the ongoing confusion resulting from today 's action and to assess the merits of its underlying policy . " In March 2013 , the FCC received a complaint from someone who had attended an event at the Gaylord Opryland and claimed the hotel was "  jamming mobile hot spots so that you ca n't use them in the convention space , " the FCC statement said . Saving a Flying Fortress Blocking a traveler 's personal Wi-Fi will only serve to aggravate hotel guests further , said Benet Wilson , who blogs about travel at AviationQueen.com . "  Travelers are already annoyed that higher-end hotels continue to charge for subpar Wi-Fi , which is why they bring their own , " Wilson told CNN . "  So it 's really galling when you hear of a company like Marriott , which has a good reputation that does something that causes a major inconvenience to its customers . And the fact that they profited off of their customers in such a blatant way also does n't help . " Marriott and its brands operate more than 3,000 hotels in the United States , according to the company 's website .	Marriott fined for blocking guests ' personal Wi-Fi during a conference FCC announces $ 600,000 fine against hotel chain FCC : Marriott must cease "  unlawful use of Wi-Fi blocking technology " Hotel chain says it was acting to protect guests "  from rogue wireless hot spots "
CNN  -- As criticism of his war on organized crime mounts , Mexican President Felipe Calderon is under increasing pressure to introduce a new security policy . Calderon , who announced a crackdown on cartels shortly after taking office in 2006 , has asked his country 's congress to approve fresh measures to help in the fight . Police reforms are a key target of his administration . "  Our primary objective is to ensure that no matter who governs or which party he belongs , the Mexicans are protected by an honest and professional police , by an effective and transparent justice system , " Calderon told his nation 's security council when he announced the proposed reforms in June . But taking a new tack in the controversial drug war may be difficult for Calderon , as vocal politicians express their skepticism . The president 's political future -- and Mexico 's security -- hang in the balance . Calderon , whose term ends in 2012 , has proposed a plan to eliminate more than 2,000 local police forces , combine them with state law enforcement agencies and unite them under federal control . He and his top security officials have argued that the move will better combat corruption and crime . "  This initiative is a response to the people 's demand to have reliable police , and the necessity to strengthen the institutions of security in order to face the criminals that plague Mexico , " he said earlier this year . Federal officials have said the lower salaries of local police officers make them more susceptible to corruption . More than half of them receive monthly salaries of only 4,000 pesos  about $ 325  . Government estimates indicate that corruption has caused the dismissal of 3,000 police officers in recent years . While some lawmakers support the reform , others are critical of the current strategy , which has the Mexican military as the principal enforcers of public security . Calderon 's government has dispatched about 50,000 troops to the nation 's trouble spots . "  The big question for us in congress is , ` how long we will have armed forces at the forefront of the fight ? ' " lawmaker Carlos Navarrete said . Calderon has said the military will not retreat in the short term , but a police overhaul would be a key step in guaranteeing security . Mexican Secretary of Public Security Genaro Garcia Luna has also proposed eliminating 2,000 local councils to strengthen security in areas with a strong presence of organized crime . But some Mexican politicians have said they are skeptical that such reforms will do much to combat corruption . Alejandro Gertz Manero of the left-wing Convergence Party has suggested the legislation would only be financially profitable for certain parties within congress and politically advantageous for certain officials , principally that of Calderon 's right-wing National Action Party . "  So basically what 's in this -LSB- legislation -RSB- is something that is in the interest of the local mayors , who are not from the same party as the governors , " he said . Meanwhile , Calderon 's administration has said it is dealing severe blows to organized crime , citing such examples as the seizure of an estimated $ 12 billion in drugs . The Mexican navy has also had high profile takedowns of drug kingpins , including the capture of American-born cartel boss Edgar Villarreal alias "  La Barbie . " But with persistent public perception about drug cartels gaining ground , Calderon has a tough battle to fight before his term ends in 2012 . A top official in Mexico 's opposition Institutional Revolutionary Party has said the war on drugs can not succeed if it remains a "  fight of firepower between criminals and the state . " Mexico 's government must create jobs and improve education to help fight drug trafficking , Sen. Manlio Fabio Beltrones Rivera said . "  We have seen 30,000 people die in the past four years , " he said . "  And we are very close to seeing , at the end of this six-year term , an equal number of dead as in the Vietnam War . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Felipe Calderon wants to overhaul the nation 's police Some politicians are skeptical of the proposed reforms "  How long will we have armed forces at the forefront of the fight ? " one lawmaker asks Calderon says the changes are necessary to combat crime and corruption
CNN  -- Severe turbulence shook a Continental Airlines flight Monday , injuring dozens of passengers and forcing the aircraft to divert to Miami , Florida , according to the airline and a fire official . Oxygen masks hang from a damaged part of the plane Monday , in a photo by passenger Camila Machado . There were 168 passengers and 11 crew members on Flight 128 , which was heading from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Houston , Texas , according to a statement from Continental Airlines . "  I 've never seen turbulence like that , so I really thought we would n't make it , " passenger Giovani Loss told CNN affiliate WSVN-TV . Loss , who is originally from Brazil , said he is a lawyer in the United States and frequently travels between the two countries . He said passengers were afraid the turbulence may have been the result of mechanical problems with the plane . "  People -LSB- were -RSB- screaming , then there was a huge silence for like 30 minutes , " Loss said . Ambulances and other vehicles were lined up on the runway to treat and transport the injured passengers when the plane landed at Miami International Airport at 5:35 a.m. Watch passengers describe what happened " "  People that were n't seat belted in flew up and hit the ceilings , " passenger John Norwood told WSVN . "  So their faces , their heads hit the plastics and broke all the plastics up top . " Continental said seven passengers were transported to nearby hospitals , and approximately 28 other passengers were treated at the scene . Lt. Elkin Sierra of the Miami-Dade Fire Department said 26 passengers were injured , including four seriously . The Boeing 767-200 hit turbulence about 50 miles north of the Dominican Republic at about 38,000 feet , according to an official with the Federal Aviation Administration . It landed in Miami an hour later with its seat belt signs illuminated , the airline said . Many of the passengers said they did not hear any warning before the turbulence hit . Injuries received included bumps , bruises , neck pain and back pain , Sierra said . Passengers said they saw several people bleeding from their heads , including one woman who sustained a serious gash to her head . The flight is scheduled to depart Miami for Houston later in the morning , according to Continental 's Web site . It had been scheduled to arrive in Houston at 6 a.m. local time .	Airliner hits turbulence , is forced to divert to Miami , Florida At least 26 people hurt , four of them seriously Jet had been en route from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Houston , Texas
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Kenneth Cole is the first to admit he has a bit of a language problem . Pun-loving Kenneth Cole pays tribute to inspiring people in his new book . "  I need to distort not just leather and fabric , but also words , " he said . "  It 's a disorder I have . " The pun-loving fashion designer has raised plenty of eyebrows with advertising copy that ranges from the provocative and the political to the lighthearted and cutesy . Browse his online store and you can buy a T-shirt that reads "  In war is it who 's right , or who 's left ? " A canvas tote bag says , "  Use me again and again and again ...  I 'm used to it  . " Should you purchase either product , you 're assured that all your money will go to Cole 's "  Awearness Fund , " an initiative designed to draw attention to social issues like homelessness and AIDS . To that end , Cole has just released a new book called "  Awearness : Inspiring Stories About How to Make a Difference "  DK Adult  . It 's a collection of essays from influential types intended to encourage readers to get involved in service and volunteerism in their communities . Watch Cole talk about ` Awearness ' " Former President Bill Clinton contributes a piece on the global fight against HIV/AIDS . Actress Rosario Dawson writes about empowering young Latinos to vote , and cyclist Lance Armstrong discusses the merits of starting a movement like Livestrong , his effort to energize the fight against cancer . As Cole says : "  No good deed should go unpublished . " Pun intended . The book commemorates 25 years in the fashion business for the New Yorker , as well as a quarter century as an advocate for social activism . Cole spoke to CNN about the book , the belief , his wife and the cover .  OK , so not everyone is brilliantly punny .  The following is an edited transcript of the interview . CNN : What is the big message you 're hoping to get across with this book ? Kenneth Cole : The message is that these are extraordinary times . They 're transformative in so many ways . And America recently expressed the reality that there is an appetite for meaningful , significant , social change like we 've never seen before . CNN : In the introduction of your book , you talk about how you 've met a lot of people who have inspired you . Is there one person who stands out above the rest ? Cole : There are so many people that inspire me , and there are 90 role models in this book , some of whom I 've been very close to . I am the closest of all to my wife , who is in and of herself a change agent and has committed to impacting the realities of homelessness -- and making sure I get out of the house every day to do what I have to do . So she 's inspired me and she 's done great stuff . So I think I 'll stay with that answer . CNN : In Robert Redford 's essay on freedom of speech , he encourages the use of humor when speaking out about a cause someone feels passionate about . Has humor helped you ? Cole : I think it does . I agree with Mr. Redford , and he 's been a model of mine . ... And I think we also have these walls around us , and when people disagree , we 're inclined not to listen , but to a degree you can break through that wall often with humor . Jon Stewart has shown us how to do that , as have some other people who are in the art of doing it well . CNN : What 's your biggest hope for President-elect Barack Obama 's presidency ? Cole : He has already surpassed my greatest hopes . I think he 's created a sense of spirit and energy and opportunity in this country that we 've never seen . And I think it has transformed , in a sense , who we are as a nation globally within 24 hours . We saw that happen . CNN : How does a successful fashion designer , who also has a big conscience , feel in a weak economy ? Cole : I think it 's an extraordinary opportunity . There are only so many things we can do that make us feel better . We pick up the newspapers and we want to cry every day . We turn on the news and we want to jump out the first window , jump in front of the first truck . And there 's not a lot you can look forward to right now ... but you can make yourself look better , and if you look better , you 'll feel better , and it becomes self-fulfilling . I think fashion can do that to you . You can do it with some older stuff and mix it with newer stuff , or you can just do new cool stuff by a new cool American designer  smiles  . And starting from the ankles down , and then up . CNN : Do you think that fashion gets a hard rap ? -LSB- Are -RSB- people too quick to write it off as frivolous and underestimate its power ? Cole : I 've struggled with that over the years . Is fashion relevant ? Is it frivolous ? Is it trivial ? Because I give so much of my essence to it , as do everybody I work with . I 've come to two conclusions . One is that it 's as relevant as anything , because most of the people you encounter in a given day do n't get to know anything more about you than how you appear . You 're making a very thoughtful statement ... so I think fashion is important . And then at the end of the day if someone you know is sick or someone you know ca n't afford the roof over their head or the food on the plate , then it becomes not so important . So I think it 's relevant , and for me it 's been an extraordinary resource for me to do so much . And I love fashion . I think it makes us feel good . And if you feel good , we do good .	Kenneth Cole highlights public-spirited people in "  Awearness " Fashion designer Cole admires use of humor to leaven passion Cole : Fashion is relevant , even in tough times
Gaza City  CNN  -- Four Israeli soldiers were wounded and five Palestinians , including a militant , were killed Saturday as the two sides traded fire . An anti-tank missile was fired at an Israel Defense Force patrol , wounding the soldiers , according to the IDF , which targeted several sites in the Gaza Strip in retaliation . Four Palestinians were killed and more than 20 wounded when Israeli tank fire hit a building east of Gaza City where hundreds of mourners were gathered for a funeral , Palestinian medical sources said . About half of those injured were in a serious condition , the medical sources said , and the number of deaths could rise . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said the country 's forces will not let "  the grave events on the border " go unnoticed . The IDF also said it targeted a rocket launching squad in the northern Gaza Strip after it fired rockets toward Israel . More than 30 rockets fired from Gaza hit southern Israel , the IDF said . An IDF strike west of Gaza City killed a militant and wounded four , one of whom is in critical condition , according to security sources with Hamas , which has governed Gaza since 2007 . The militant was from Al-Saraya , the military wing of Islamic Jihad , they said . In a separate incident , Palestinian medical sources in Khan Younis , in the south of the Gaza Strip , said an Israeli artillery shell hit a civilian house and injured a couple and their two children . CNN 's Talal Abu Rahman , Michael Schwartz and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	An anti-tank missile was fired at an Israel Defense Force patrol , wounding four soldiers , the IDF says The IDF targeted sites in the Gaza Strip in retaliation Five Palestinians are killed , including a militant , Palestinian medics say
CNN Student News  -- February 21 , 2014 As violence between protesters and police gets worse in Ukraine , we take an in-depth look at why the country is so divided . We also bring you a look at Korean reunions for which some people have waited a lifetime . Other topics covered this Friday include ways to address loneliness and an anniversary concerning John Glenn . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What is a PSA ? In your opinion , what makes an effective PSA ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . Caracas is the capital of what South American nation ? 2 . What kind of depression is caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain brought on by shorter days and longer nights ? 3 . What Washington , D.C. monument was the backdrop for Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech ? 4 . What agency of the U.S. government tests the fuel economy of new cars ? 5 . What is the term for a presidential mandate that does not need to go through Congress ? 6 . What NBA team signed Kevin Grow to a two-day contract ? 7 . In what city , the capital of Thailand , have protesters been camped out for months , demanding that the prime minister step down ? 8 . In what city , the capital of Ukraine , have violent protests been taking place ? 9 . Who was the first American to travel into orbit ? 10 . From what world leader did high school football kicker Isaac Lufkin recently receive a letter of praise ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
A New Mexico man is suing police for allegedly "  subjecting him to multiple digital penetrations and three enemas , " among other "  shockingly invasive medical procedures " -- all on an invalid warrant , all without finding any drugs -- his lawyers claim . The lawsuit states that David Eckert , 54 , spent more than 12 hours in custody last January at a police station and local hospital after being pulled over for a traffic violation . Yet he was never charged , nor did authorities find illicit substances on him . "  Defendants acted completely outside the bounds of human decency by orchestrating wholly superfluous physical body cavity searches performed by an unethical medical professional , " states the lawsuit , which was filed earlier this year but has garnered more public attention in recent days . Police in Deming , New Mexico , did not return multiple messages left by CNN on Wednesday seeking their side of the story . The city attorney 's office also did not offer an immediate comment after being contacted Wednesday . According to a police affidavit accompanying the lawsuit , a detective asked a different officer to pull over Eckert 's 1998 brown Dodge pickup truck for not properly stopping at a stop sign . After Eckert was pulled over , a Deming police officer said that he saw Eckert "  was avoiding eye contact with me , " his "  left hand began to shake , " and he stood "  erect  with  his legs together , " the affidavit stated . Eckert was told he could go home after a third officer issued him a traffic citation . But before he did , Eckert voluntarily consented to a search of him and his vehicle , the affidavit states . A K-9 dog subsequently hit on a spot in the Dodge 's driver 's seat , though no drugs were found . "  Hildalgo County K-9 officer did inform me that he had dealt with Mr. Eckert on a previous case and stated that Mr. Eckert was known to insert drugs into his anal cavity and had been caught in Hidalgo County with drugs in his anal cavity , " the affidavit said . While CNN could not immediately corroborate that claim , a search of Eckert 's criminal history found he 's been arrested several times on drug possession charges , though many of those charges were dismissed . Outrage over highway body cavity search Eckert was then put in "  investigative detention " and transported around 2 p.m. to the Deming Police Department . Sometime after that , a judge signed off a search warrant "  to include but not limited to his anal cavity . " The next stop was Gila Regional Medical Center , where the lawsuit states "  no drugs were found " in "  an x-ray and two digital searches of his rectum by two different doctors . " One doctor at this time found nothing unusual in his stool . Three enemas were conducted on Eckert after 10:20 p.m. . A chest X-ray followed , succeeded by a colonoscopy around 1:25 a.m. . After all this , "  no drugs were found in or on Plaintiff 's person , " according to the lawsuit . Because he "  merely looked nervous during a traffic stop , " the lawsuit claims that authorities ended up violating Eckert 's constitutional right against unreasonable searches and seizures on a number of grounds . One was that "  the language in the warrant was overly broad and , therefore , invalid , " said the plaintiff , asserting that the chest X-ray and colonoscopy , for instance , were n't related or confined to the "  anal cavity . " Moreover , many of the tests took place outside the 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. timeframe for which any such search warrant  unless otherwise authorized  is legally valid under New Mexico law , according to the lawsuit . "  While the war on drugs has resulted in aggressive government tactics , " the suit added , "  the Supreme Court has never authorized the seizing of an alleged drug user for forced medical procedures to purge their bodies of drugs . " Court blocks ruling that altered NYPD 's stop-and-frisk policy	A New Mexico man is pulled over on a traffic violation , taken in on alleged drug possession Police got a warrant for an "  anal cavity " search ; lawsuit claims it was too general and broad He had "  digital penetrations , ... 3 enemas " and a colonoscopy ; no drugs were found , no charges
New York  CNN  -- A gun law passed by the New Jersey legislature more than a decade ago may be set into motion as tech savvy gun makers get closer to being able to sell so-called smart guns in the United States . The idea behind this firearms technology is to create "  personalized " guns that only fire in the right hands -- whether by recognizing a certain signal from a watch , a ring or even just the right grip . The New Jersey law is the only one of its kind in the United States . It requires that within three years of the technology being available , only smart guns be sold in the state . The new technology has become one more point of contention in the gun debate , with gun-control supporters expecting it to lead to fewer injuries and deaths and the pro-gun side arguing that it will take away options from gun owners . "  The problem is you have an industry that is totally reluctant to embrace any changes to make their products safer , " said Ladd Everitt , communications director of the Washington D.C.-based Coalition to Stop Gun Violence . "  The benefits of this technology should be obvious to anyone , " he said . "  The key is implementation . It is going to take some political will . Will you have a state government in New Jersey with the political will to see this through ? " The country 's largest gun advocacy organization , the National Rifle Association , did not respond to requests for comment . "  New Jersey 's smart-gun law is as dumb as it gets , " said Scott Bach , executive director of the Association of New Jersey Rifle & Pistol Clubs , a group affiliated with the NRA . "  It forces you to use an unproven technology to defend your life , and then exempts the state from liability when the gun goes ` click ' instead of ` bang , ' " he said . "  If it 's such a great idea , then law enforcement should n't be exempt , and the free market should be allowed to determine its viability . " One Germany-based company , Armatix , which already sells personalized guns in Europe , expects to have its Armatix iP1 digital pistol available on the nation 's shelves "  within weeks , " according to Belinda Padilla , president and CEO . Armatix uses radio frequency technology in its .22 - caliber digital pistol , which unlocks with a digital watch and a PIN . If someone who is n't wearing the watch grabs the gun , it immediately deactivates . "  Our digital pistol is the first of its kind and has gone through rigorous testing in Germany -- some of the highest standards -- and in the U.S , " Padilla told CNN . "  Anybody who picks up the handgun , whether it 's a child or it 's actively stolen , they ca n't activate the watch . " Another firm , Kodiak Industries of Utah , markets an "  Intelligun , " which uses a fingerprint-based locking system . Bill Gentry , president of Kodiak , said the company began taking preorders in January . The personalized weapon will be in full production by the end of December . Armatix , Kodiak and other smart-gun makers are poised to force acting New Jersey Attorney General John Jay Hoffman , a Republican , to decide how to implement the law . ATF tests show 3-D guns lethal as metal detection law expires For more than a decade , researchers at the New Jersey Institute of Technology have been working on a grip-recognizing gun that measures the pressure applied and the size and shape of the hand holding the gun . Triggersmart , which was founded by Irish entrepreneur Robert McNamara , also uses radio frequency technology to enable -- and disable -- guns . The chip that activates the gun can be placed in a ring , bracelet or potentially even embedded in the owner 's hand . So what does this mean for the law ? The state Attorney General 's office declined to comment . Under the law , Hoffman must determine whether the smart guns meet industry standards and are available for retail sale . The law says "  personalized handguns shall be deemed to be available for retail sales purposes if at least one manufacturer has delivered at least one model of a personalized handgun to a registered or licensed wholesale or retail dealer in New Jersey or any other state . " UK police raise spector of 3-D printer-made guns The New Jersey State Police then will issue a list of firearms that meet the technological standard . Within three years of the guns hitting the market , they will be the only kinds of firearms sold in New Jersey . In New Jersey , 2013 firearms background checks -- needed to obtain permits required to purchase handguns -- increased by more than 50 % through October , compared with the same period in 2012 , according to the FBI . In the first 10 months of 2013 , 100,922 background checks were conducted , compared to 66,912 during the same period the year before . According to the latest data available from the Centers for Disease Control 's National Center for Health Statistics , there were 456 firearm related deaths in New Jersey in 2010 . In August , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a bill that would ban certain long-range rifles and sent several gun-related bills back to the state legislature for changes , according to his office .	New Jersey law could take hold with new smart gun technology "  Personalized " guns only fire with signal from watch , ring or the right grip The law , the only one of its kind , has become part of national gun debate
CNN  -- At 13 , swimmer Adzo Kpossi of Togo is the youngest Olympian competing in the London Summer Games . At the other end of the spectrum is Hiroshi Hoketsu . Dressed elegantly in top hat and tails , the 71-year-old represents Japan in the dressage equestrian competition . There are plenty of athletes competing in the 2012 Games who span the age range between Kpossi and Hoketsu , some of them well past their 30th year . Photos : Celebrating the Olympians of the 1948 Games Jordan Jovtchev , who turns 40 in February , made it to the finals of the men 's gymnastic rings competition on Monday . Though he did n't earn a medal , Jovtchev gained notice for competing in an astounding sixth Olympic games . His silvery hair stands out as much as his powerful work on the rings in a sport known for its youthful competitors . As the world focuses on the competition and pageantry in London this summer , athletes over 30 are putting on one spectacular show . Learn more about the Games ' well-seasoned athletes in the gallery above . They nailed it ! Fans pay artistic tribute to Olympics with patriotic nail decor	Jessica Crisp , 42 , is competing with Australia 's 2012 Olympic surfing team Equestrian Nick Skelton is the UK 's oldest gold medal winner so far at 54 Lesley Thompson-Willie , 52 , is coxswain of Canada 's women 's rowing team Horseman Ian Millar , 65 , is competing in his 10th Olympic Games
CNN  -- The first full day of the new Bundesliga season kicked-off Saturday with some promising wins for teams that struggled in last year 's campaign . Stuttgart opened their account with a 3-0 win over Schalke at the Mercedes Benz Arena on Saturday . Brazilian striker Cacau opened the scoring with a header in the 37th minute , before Austrian striker Martin Harnik doubled the lead 11 minutes into the second half . Japanese striker Shinji Okazaki netted with a superb strike moments from the end to send last season 's Champions League semi-finalists to a crushing opening-day defeat . Hanover 96 also got off on the right foot beating Hoffenheim 2-1 . A free-kick from former German international Jan Schlaudraff gave last year 's fourth-placed side the lead after 15 minutes . But their advantage was short-lived as Hoffenheim hit back three minutes later when Bosnia and Herzegovina midfielder Sejad Salihovic converted from the penalty spot . Hanover were awarded a penalty of their own 12 minutes later when Schlauddraff was brought down . Norwegian striker Mohammed Abdellaoue stepped up to score what proved to be the winner . Champions Dortmund open Bundesliga season with win A second-half brace from Swedish striker Markus Rosenberg sealed a 2-0 win for Werder Bremen over Kaiserslautern , while 2009 champions , Wolfsburg -- who finished last term in 15th place -- also bagged three points with victory at Cologne . Two goals from former German striker Patrick Helmes and one from Marcel Schaefer  recently stripped of the captaincy by coach Felix Magath  sealed a comfortable 3-0 victory . Newly-promoted Augsburg earned a 2-2 draw at home to Freiburg thanks to two second-half goals from striker Sascha Molders . But last year 's second division champions Hertha Berlin went down to a 1-0 defeat at home to Nuremberg in the late kick-off -- 22-year-old Czech striker Tomas Pekhart scoring the decisive goal ten minutes from time . Bayern Munich open their league campaign on Sunday at home to Borussia Moenchengladbach while last year 's runners-up Bayer Leverkusen travel to Mainz .	Cacau opens scoring for Stuttgart in 3-0 win over Schalke Wolfsburg also open their season 's account with 3-0 victory at Cologne Last season 's fourth-placed side , Hanover 96 beat Hoffenheim 2-1 Bayern Munich and Bayer Leverkusen kick off their title challenge on Sunday
Oprah.com  -- Like most of us , you 've probably heard of graphic novels -- but have n't read too many . Here are four new titles  plus one classic  that make you think , feel and daydream just like any other book . What It Is One of the most moving and emotionally direct forms of the whole graphic genre is the memoir -- in part because it allows for all kinds of inventive approaches to telling life stories , such as using the drawings to show how people look and feel to the writer  a huge , tall , monstery dad , for example  . It also helps to have thoughtful , deeply poignant writing , which is exactly what you 'll find in Lynda Barry 's "  What It Is . " This memoir of a young artist came out in 2008 , but it 's the one to start with if you 've never read a graphic book before .  Note : Graphic novels can be novels , memoirs , biographies or anything in between . Barry uses text , drawings and even collages to re-create her violent , TV-saturated childhood , describing how she used art as her way out of the trailer park . "  We do n't create a fantasy world to escape reality , " she says . "  We create it to be able to stay . " Discouraged at every turn by her parents and teachers , she grew into an adult who felt that she had little to say creatively and , further , that she could n't say that little well enough . That is , until she rediscovered an imaginary game from childhood , one that required her simply to sit very still in the corner of a room and wait for inanimate objects  say , the pattern on the wallpaper  to come "  alive " and move . The magic of that moment and of all Barry 's self-examinations is that her ideas apply to just about everybody . We 've all had those moments when we think we 're not good enough or original enough . Her transformation belongs to all of us . Oprah.com : How to Tame Your Overstuffed Bookshelves in 48 Hours Big Questions "  Big Questions " is just what a novel should be , if by novel we mean a very long story that creates an entire imaginary universe that involves us so deeply that we begin to think of ourselves as characters within it . The book is 585 pages long  not including appendixes  , a number that might seem overwhelming in a traditional format . In this case , you 'll finish in two days , not only because graphic novels contain a lot less text but also because you 'll race through the first time , desperate to figure out the big stuff , only to turn around and reread it in order to figure out all the little stuff you missed . The story takes place in an anonymous bucolic countryside  trees , fields , the occasional house  and follows a flock of birds , each with its own personality and philosophical struggles , from questioning the monotony of a seed diet to wondering about the true perils of snakes to considering "  to what extent are we responsible for the fulfillment of our destinies ? " Life goes on in this manner -- think , peck , think , peck -- until an undetonated bomb drops into their lives , a bomb that many  but not all  in the flock believe is a long , warm metal egg that may contain a savior baby bird . The hilarity and discord that result will astonish you , as will the pathos . Some of the most poignant scenes concern two humans -- an elderly caretaker and her mentally disabled grandson or son -- who are watched by the birds . Nilsen 's artwork here needs no words . The endless labor of the old woman -- firewood , dishes , scrub the floor , soak the dentures , weep in secret -- is drawn into brutal reality , as is her unexpected beauty . The six-panel homage to her brushing the long , young-looking hair you never knew she had  it 's usually tied in a bun  is , like the rest of the book , an unforgettable visual and emotional experience . Oprah.com : 14 Ways to Have a Successful Book Club Radioactive Though National Book Award nominee "  Radioactive " is ostensibly a biography of Madame Curie , its real allure is romance . Twenty-four-year-old Marie Sklodowska travels to Paris from Warsaw and finds work in the laboratory of Pierre Curie , studying the relationship between heat and magnetism . The attraction is not just between molecules , however , and soon the scientists fall in love and marry . They go on , of course , to make incredible leaps and bounds in the world of science , discovering the elements polonium and radium . In this poignant tale of discovery and passion , Lauren Redniss also examines the greater question of nuclear proliferation through the lens of the couple 's work , proving that their research is more than relevant today . A collage of different media , the artwork in the book includes drawings , as well as an electric blue background wash created by a process called cyanotype printing , in which light-sensitive chemicals soaked into paper become intensely bright when subjected to UV rays from the sun . Redniss feels the technique "  captured on the page what Marie Curie called radium 's ` spontaneous luminosity . ' " Oprah.com : First Novels That May Help You Change Your Life in 2012 I 'll Be Dead by the Time You Read This Technically , "  I 'll Be Dead by the Time You Read This : The Existential Life of Animals " is n't a graphic novel or even a graphic short story collection . Maybe it 's best described as a graphic poetry collection : When Alaeff adds a line of dialogue to his stand-alone illustrations of a cat or jellyfish or ram , he creates something more resonant than a caption . The key to understanding  and laughing and going "  Ouch ! " with recognition at  these creations is reading the introduction , in which Alaeff describes how he collected bits of overheard conversations between his fellow humans . These verbal snippets , which sounded "  bittersweet if not downright tragic , " led him to think it was "  a bit absurd that we regularly torture ourselves with thoughts that seem at odds with our well-being . " And so he attached them as bubbles over the heads of nonhumans . Thus , a bear will mournfully say , "  Everyone seems so young all of a sudden , " or a so-called proud lion will tell himself , "  I need to shut up . " One of the marvels of the book is that the more you read , the more you smile , and then -- bam ! -- suddenly you 're wondering if you 're the cheetah or the snail . My advice : Identify with the bumblebee who claims , "  I know there 's happiness in me somewhere . " Oprah.com : The Best Fiction of 2011 Moby-Dick in Pictures Do n't mistake this gorgeous and wholly original book for a blow-by-blow comic-book-style retelling of "  Moby-Dick . " What artist Matt Kish has done is create one drawing for and inspired by each page of Melville 's 552-page masterpiece  for the record , the Signet Classics version  . The result is less a story and more a cabinet of visual and literary curiosities . Each image -- rendered in ink , colored pencil or paint -- is accompanied by a single exquisite line from the novel , such as "  But high above the flying scud and dark-rolling clouds , there floated a little isle of sunlight from which beamed forth an angel 's face " or "  Thus , while in life the great whale 's body may have been a real terror to his foes , in death his ghost becomes a powerless panic to a world . " Only the most devoted "  Moby-Dick " fans will need to read the whole creation sequentially . The rest of us will dip in and out , enjoying the interplay of the insanely beautiful words and images  my favorite , on page 346 , is an anatomical drawing of a whale in vivid reds , blues and black  and examining the connection between the two . The most solid and compelling narrative may actually be in the introduction , in which Kish describes not only his lifelong love for the original novel but also his lack of formal artistic education and the only place he had to work , "  a closet that measures about three feet wide by six deep " inside of which he made 500 drawings . Even if you do n't enjoy the book , let it sit on your coffee table as testament to what all of us human beings can do if we stick with it -- and believe in the great white whale of what we are doing . Oprah.com : 16 Books to Make Way for in January 2012 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Graphic novels can tell any kind of story , including memoirs and biographies "  Big Questions " is a long story containing an entire imaginary universe "  Moby-Dick in Pictures " has an illustration for every page of the original novel
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic 's Serbia will play holders the Czech Republic in the Davis Cup final but it was the World No. 1 's teammate Janko Tipsarevic who proved the final day hero in Belgrade . Djokovic , going into semifinal tie against Canada off the back of his defeat to Rafael Nadal in the U.S. Open , played his part by drawing Serbia level at two rubbers apiece as he beat Milos Raonic 7-6 6-2 6-2 . But it left the pressure on Tipsarevic , who has slipped down the rankings this season , as he took on Vasek Pospisil in the deciding singles match . Tipsarevic took the first set on tiebreaker and romped through the second with partisan support from the 10,000 home crowd playing its part . Pospisil was nursing an elbow injury and fell 5-2 down in the third only to recover the break and force a second tiebreak . Again Tipsarevic went clear and had four match points at 6-2 , only for the Canadian to save them all to level . Undaunted World No. 23 Tipsarevic took the next two points to seal their passage to a November 15-17 showdown in Prague with the Czechs . "  This is really special , one of the happiest moments of my professional career , " he told the official Davis Cup website . "  Janko played an incredible match under huge pressure . I think we will also find the energy for the final , " said his captain Bogdan Obradovic . Serbia , with Djokovic the key influence , won the Davis Cup in 2010 , but are without Viktor Troicki , who is serving an 18 month doping ban handed down by the International Tennis Federation . Earlier , Djokovic easily accounted for the big hitting Raonic to set up the decider . "  The most important thing was to try to neutralize his serve . It 's not easy to read , " he said . The Czechs sealed their final place by forging an unassailable 3-0 lead over Argentina in Prague Saturday . While the semifinalists battled it out , other nations were left to reclaim their places in the 16-strong World Group for next year 's competition . Spain , led by Nadal , completed a 5-0 whitewash of Ukraine , while World No. 3 Andy Murray beat Croatia 's Ivan Dodig Sunday to seal Britain 's victory and a return to the top tier of men 's team tennis . Steve Darcis , who shocked Nadal in the first round at Wimbledon , was the hero for Belgium in their 3-2 win over Israel . He defeated Amir Weintraub 6-2 6-2 6-2 in the deciding rubber in Antwerp .	Serbia to face Czech Republic in Davis Cup final in November Serbia beat Canada 3-2 in semifinal in Belgrade Novak Djokovic and Janko Tipsarevic win final day singles matches Britain return to the World Group with win over Croatia
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Police in Indonesia have confirmed that a man arrested on Wednesday is one of the most wanted terrorists in the country . He is Abdullah Sonata , an explosives expert with links to the late militant Noordin Top , responsible for terror bombings until he was killed last year by police . Sonata was thought to have recently returned from the Philippines and started recruiting and training militants . Police said they became engaged in a gun battle after they launched a raid in the central Javan district of Klaten . One person was shot dead and three were arrested , including Sonata . Initially , police were n't sure the man in question was Sonata but said they intended to confirm his identity by fingerprinting him . Noordin , killed in September , had been accused of involvement in July 's twin suicide bombings at the Marriott and Ritz-Carlton hotels in Jakarta , the 2002 Bali nightclub bombing and attacks on the same Marriott hotel in Jakarta in 2003 , as well as the Australian Embassy in 2004 . In the past year , police have launched a nationwide crackdown on militants , in which they have arrested or killed dozens of high-profile militants in the country , the most populated Muslim nation in the world .	Identity of militant as explosives expert Abdullah Sonata is confirmed Sonata was seized following gun battle after police raid in central Java Police believe Sonata was recruiting , training militants
CNN  -- Birdies are one thing but baboons on the golf course are not quite so welcome . Luke Donald had to dodge a baboon that cut across play at the Nedbank Golf Challenge in Sun City , South Africa . The former world No. 1 jumped out of the way as the large primate bounded between the bunkers during the second round . Donald tweeted afterwards : "  Couple of things happened to me that have n't happened in a while ... one I shot 63 , and two I let a baboon play through on the course . "  The fact that my caddy Johnnie did n't even flinch makes my reaction look even more pathetic !! " At least the Englishman can say he was not put off his stroke by the monkey business . Donald holds a one-shot lead over countryman Danny Willett going into the final round . It is not the first time that baboons have made an appearance at the Sun City event and animals on the golf course are nothing new in the global game . A three-legged alligator at last year 's Zurich Classic in New Orleans gave a new meaning to the golfing term water hazard . A herd of hopping kangaroos at the 2013 Ladies ' Australian Open in Canberra provided an interesting wildlife distraction for spectators . Swiss golfers had to contend with a golf ball eating fox , whose antics made worldwide news .	A baboon interrupts play at the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa Luke Donald leaps out of the way , but jokes his reaction was "  pathetic " Baboons have been seen before at the event in Sun City Donald holds the lead going into the final round of the European Tour event
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Under a gray , overcast sky , more than 1,000 protesters gathered Saturday in the Northern Ireland city of Belfast carrying large Union flags , some wrapped around their shoulders . The silent protest outside the city hall started out peaceful , the quiet only broken by the noise of helicopters circling overhead , conducting surveillance . A few hours later , Protestant rioters got into skirmishes with police . As the protesters passed a Catholic neighborhood , Protestants and Catholics threw bottles at each other . Many police were in the area , accompanied by dozens of heavy armored vehicles . The rally , followed by a march to East Belfast , is the latest in a wave of protests prompted by Belfast City Council 's December 3 decision to limit the flying of the Union flag to 18 days per year . Protests were also held across Northern Ireland on Friday night . Most were peaceful , police said , though trouble broke out in places . One of the most serious incidents occurred at O'Neil 's Road in Newtownabbey , where about 100 Protestant rioters -- many of them teenagers -- threw concrete blocks , paving slabs , bricks , planks of wood , gasoline bombs and Molotov cocktails at police . They targeted about 30 armored police vehicles and as many as 100 police officers clad in riot gear . In all , four police officers were hurt , with one requiring hospital treatment , and two people were arrested , police said . Amid rain and temperatures just above freezing , police brought in two water cannon , deploying one of them to push back the rioters . Temperatures are also expected to drop later Saturday as the protesters march to East Belfast , a trouble hotspot in recent weeks . The city was rocked by five consecutive nights of rioting at the start of the week . The leaders of the two main unionist political parties met Thursday to discuss concerns within the unionist community . The flag was raised Wednesday for the first time since the controversial vote to mark the birthday of Prince William 's wife , Catherine . It was lowered at the end of the day . Northern Ireland authorities have accused loyalist extremists of exploiting the decision by Belfast officials to end the century-old tradition of flying the Union flag over City Hall 365 days a year . The British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists and Irish nationalists , who want Northern Ireland to join the Irish republic . The Belfast City Council vote followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police injured . The majority of Ireland gained independence in 1921 following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming Northern Ireland . Police : Extremist group ` orchestrating violence ' in Belfast over Union Jack In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant loyalists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as "  the Troubles . " The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 , also known as the Belfast Agreement , effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants . Under the terms of the accord , groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and members of Sinn Fein , the political affiliate of the IRA , now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . The Union flag is also commonly known as the Union Jack . Some say the term jack should only be used to refer to the flag when it 's flown on a warship but according to the Flag Institute , which runs the UK flag registry , this is a relatively recent idea .	NEW : Skirmishes break out as crowds march to East Belfast A vote to limit the flying of the Union flag in Belfast has sparked weeks of protests Rioting broke out Friday in Newtownabbey , where teenagers attacked police British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists and Irish nationalists
"  E.T. " may have soared in the movies . But as a video game , it was an epic turkey . When electronics pioneer Atari rushed a game based on the 1982 Hollywood blockbuster to market for its then-dominant home consoles , it was a flop , compounded by the fact that the infant industry was hitting its first slump at the time . So Atari literally buried the project , dumping truckloads of unsold games in a desert landfill in New Mexico . And amid a decade of entertainment-industry disasters bookended by the movie "  Heaven 's Gate " and Milli Vanilli , the "  E.T. " game quickly faded into urban legend . "  Riiiight , " you say . No , really . And over the weekend , with a couple of hundred onlookers watching , excavators led by a documentary film crew began to unearth stacks of 30-year-old Atari cartridges from a landfill outside Alamogordo . "  Urban legend CONFIRMED , " Larry Hryb , one of the creators of Microsoft 's Xbox gaming platform , reported via Twitter from the dig site . Microsoft 's Xbox Entertainment Studios is one of the backers of the planned documentary , tentatively titled "  Atari : Game Over . " Hryb also tweeted a photo of the first cartridge to be dug out . Not so fast , Atari historian Curt Vendel said Monday . "  E.T. " cartridges were just one of more than 20 titles found over the weekend , and may not make up more than a fifth of the estimated 700,000-plus units the ailing Atari discarded in 1983 , he said . As far as he 's concerned , the great "  E.T. " caper remains "  a myth . " "  This was a write-off dump , " said Vendel , the co-author of a 2012 book on the company . Atari was being hit from all sides by a saturated market for arcade games , competition from other companies making games for its famous 2600 console and by a large volume of returns from retailers -- a problem it had never before faced and was n't prepared to handle . "  Poor sales , the video game crash , ` E.T. 's ' not a great game -- the whole thing kind of snowballs together , and then you find Atari is dumping cartridges in the desert , " he said . "  That 's how this whole myth kind of self-generated . " One of those on hand at the landfill Saturday was Howard Scott Warshaw , the game 's designer . When excavators started to retrieve the first of what may be hundreds of thousands of copies of his misbegotten baby , "  Everybody went nuts , " Warshaw said . "  I 've been carrying this thing , the theoretically worst video game of all time , for 30 years now , " he said . "  It was a game that was done in five weeks . It was a very brief development . I did the best that I could , and that 's OK . " But seeing the cartridges emerge from the desert dust was a rush for Warshaw , who 's now a Silicon Valley psychotherapist . "  Something that I did 32 years ago is still creating joy and excitement for people , " he said . "  That 's a tremendously satisfying thing for me now . " Today 's Atari , which still sells games but no longer makes its own platforms , did not respond to a request for comment Sunday . The original company folded in 1984 , and several successive companies have bought the name , Vendel said . "  E.T " was rushed to stores in time for Christmas 1982 , hobbled not only by its short development time but by a license and royalty agreement that promised the film 's director , Steven Spielberg , $ 21 million , Vendel said . The company needed to sell out of the 5 million units it produced to break even ; it sold about 3.5 million by the following fall , he said . By that time , Atari was collapsing . About the time "  E.T. " hit the shelves , a poor and badly delayed earnings report spooked investors , "  and everybody started running to go sell , " Vendel said . At its peak , it employed about 11,000 people ; it was shedding employees by the thousands in 1983 , and had only about 900 left by the time it closed down . "  They were just cutting the meat off the bone , " he said . And so in 1983 , the company dumped 14 truckloads of merchandise from its service center in El Paso , Texas , in the Alamogordo landfill , about 90 miles away , Vendel said . To keep scavengers from reselling them , the cartridges were covered by a layer of concrete . None of the "  E.T. " cartridges unearthed over the weekend was playable , Warshaw said . But he said there may be as many as 750,000 of them in the landfill , with many successful titles mixed in with the "  E.T. " games . "  It was the end of the first product life cycle , and nobody really knew what they were doing , " Warshaw said . Now , manufacturers are designing their next systems even as their new ones start shipping to stores . "  It was a very wacky company , but that 's one of the things that made it amazing place to work , " said Warshaw , who 's come to embrace the game 's infamy . "  I do n't really believe it 's one of the worst games ever , but I really like it when people identify it that way , " Warshaw told CNN . And because he also designed of one of Atari 's best-rated games , "  Yars ' Revenge , " he said , "  I have the greatest range of any game designer in history . "	Not so fast , Atari historian says : E.T. copies may not be the bulk of the dump Film crew unearths long-lost Atari game "  E.T. " in New Mexico landfill The company dumped truckloads of the flop during a 1983 slump "  Something that I did 32 years ago is still creating joy , " designer says
CNN  Four years ago I was laughed out of the room when I said to a group of friends : "  Pretty soon guys are going to decide their lives are more important than playing in the NFL . And they are going to stop playing . " My friends accused me of going soft , being an elitist , being overly PC . Today , I 'm certain they are not saying those things about the talented 49er linebacker Chris Borland , the latest NFLer to quit . He 's 24 years old and the first player to retire directly because he wanted to avoid the traumatic brain injuries that have been linked to playing football . Borland played just one NFL season . "  I just honestly want to do what 's best for my health , " he told ESPN 's "  Outside the Lines . " "  From what I 've researched and what I 've experienced , I do n't think it 's worth the risk . " He added : "  I just thought to myself , ` What am I doing ? Is this how I 'm going to live my adult life , banging my head , especially with what I 've learned and knew about the dangers ? ' " His teammate , Pro Bowl linebacker Patrick Willis , made the decision to walk away last week , and you ca n't help but think his decision might have influenced Borland . Willis says he is n't really sure what he 'll do next , but he knows he wo n't play another game in the National Football League . Although fans around the globe are begging the 30-year-old , seven-time Pro Bowler to "  unretire , " Willis said his nagging foot and ankle injuries , and a desire for a happy life are why he walked away . "  I have no regrets , " said a tearful Willis in his press conference last week . "  I gave this game everything I had and I am truly blessed . ... Honestly , I pay attention to guys when they 're finished playing , walking around like they 've got no hips and they ca n't play with their kids . They can barely walk . "  People see that and they feel sorry , " Willis said . "  But they do n't realize it 's because he played a few extra years . " Willis , who has a degree in criminology from Ole Miss , is a wise man . And while many sports fans are in shock that any guy lucky enough to play in the NFL would just walk away from fame and wealth , it sounds to me like Willis has his priorities right . It 's refreshing . And Willis is not alone . At a time of year when most football fans are consumed by trade rumors and free agency moves , several other high-profile players have decided to hang up their cleats . And what 's surprising is how young they are : At 27 , Steelers linebacker Jason Worilds was soon to step into the crazy world of free agency , where he was sure to be in demand by many teams . It looked like he was just about to get his huge payday . But instead , he 's leaving the game . Unlike Willis , Worilds had n't been plagued by injuries , at least not yet . And he 'd only missed one game in the past three seasons . So why did he leave ? He wants to do other things , he said . Tennessee Titans quarterback Jake Locker , 26 , announced he 's also retiring after just four seasons . Another Pro Bowler who had been haunted by injuries , running back Maurice Jones-Drew , 29 , called it quits in Oakland recently . He lasted nine years . Young , intelligent and charismatic , "  MJD " was adored by fans until , like so many other elite players , he was slowed down by injuries . Jones-Drew , whom I worked with a lot when he was starting out in the league , is a smart and personable guy . It was clear when I met him that he was talented enough to succeed at anything he pursued . "  Football has been a central part of my life for the past 24 years , " Jones-Drew wrote when announcing his retirement on Twitter . "  But now I 'm excited about and looking forward to the next chapter of my life . " Who knows , maybe MJD is the next Michael Strahan ? That former New York Giant 's successful exit from football has inspired so many younger players . Strahan 's path has empowered others to value themselves beyond football . Every season , I get calls from NFLers who want my help finding a career after football . "  How do I do what Mike did ; that 's what I want to do , " they say . Once dubbed the "  sack master , " Strahan has transformed himself into such a daytime TV media darling you would think he was born to co-host ABC 's "  Live With Kelly & Michael . " But even he had to decide when to quit the game before it got the best of him . It took 15 years . I will never forget how hobbled Strahan looked one early morning when an ESPN crew showed up at his door to do a "  day-in-life " story on his off day . Bruised and still bloody that morning , he could barely get out of bed . Usually loquacious , he had trouble even talking because his swollen jaw was locked shut . He could n't even brush his teeth properly . Shave ? Forget it : hands too gnarly . And it was clear he had a severe migraine working his brain . There were very few laughs that day . Strahan was barely 30 then , and he looked like a defeated , old man . Now , every time I see him smiling for the cameras , I think how blessed he is to be healthy and enjoying his life after football . So maybe there is another way out for young players who are now better informed about the dangers of the game . Just maybe all the debates about the ugly side of football -- concussions , brain injuries , depression and suicides -- have done some good , after all . Today , a guy like Patrick Willis can walk away from the game a happy man : "  If I want to go fishing tomorrow , I 'm going to go fishing . ... If I want to go home and watch my little brother play baseball , I can go to do that . ... Life is amazing right now . "	Roxanne Jones : Several NFL players just beginning their careers , including Chris Borland , are walking away Some say they 're leaving for new opportunities , Jones says But maybe the news about football 's serious injuries is getting through , she says
The man arrested in the dry ice explosions at Los Angeles International Airport is a baggage handler who thought the simple bombs were "  a game " and "  a funny kind of joke , " police said Wednesday . The explosions did n't cause any injuries , but one did cause a temporary shutdown of a terminal . Both explosions raise questions , however , about the airport 's vulnerability and security , authorities say . "  This guy was playing around . It was kind of a game to him . He thought it was funny . He had no intent to attack innocent victims . There was no political motive or agenda , " Los Angeles police Deputy Chief Michael Downing said . "  But I think he was surprised because now he is in jail on a million dollars bail . But this is serious . And when you place a destructive device near an airplane , it bumps up the seriousness , " Downing added . "  There was nothing to worry about in terms of safety at LAX . This was not a criminal enterprise . He thought it was a funny kind of joke . But we take it seriously . He was surprised when he got arrested , " Downing said . "  I think he was kind of proud , thought it was funny . " The arrest comes on the heels of two incidents at the airport on Sunday and Monday . The suspect , identified as Dicarlo Bennett , 28 , was charged in the Sunday incident , according to a Los Angeles Police Department statement . He was arrested after police interviewed his co-workers , Downing said . LAX dry ice explosions ` an internal job , maybe a labor dispute or prank ' Though he was arrested in connection with both incidents , charges have been filed for only one . "  We want to reassure the traveling public , visitors and employees that LAX is safe and secure , " Los Angeles Airport Police Chief Patrick Gannon said . The suspect is being held in lieu of $ 1 million bail and faces a charge of possession of an explosive or destructive device near an aircraft . Bennett is an employee of Servisair , a leading global provider of aviation ground services , the company said . "  We are aware of the arrest of Dicarlo Bennett as a suspect in the recent incidents at LAX , " the company said in a prepared statement . "  We 're cooperating with authorities and will continue to monitor the situation closely . It is important at this early stage to allow law enforcement to continue their investigation , and we do not have any further comment at this time . " The company provides aviation ground services at 118 locations worldwide , including 31 locations in the United States . An employee badge is required to get access to where the dry ice explosions occurred , said Nancy Suey Castles , an airport spokeswoman . On Sunday , dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom , causing a brief shutdown of Terminal 2 , the FBI said . No injuries were reported , and the terminal resumed operations after a brief evacuation . The other incident occurred about 8:30 p.m. Monday at the Tom Bradley International Terminal , airport police said , Three plastic bottles containing dry ice were found , but only one had exploded , police said . CNN affiliate KCAL said the blast took place in an employee restroom , inaccessible to nonemployees . Nobody was injured in that incident . Dry ice , which is carbon dioxide in solid form , is used as a refrigerant for meats and ice cream , especially when shipped in a box . When dry ice becomes warm , it transforms into vapor .	Police interview co-workers and arrest baggage handler Dicarlo Bennett , 28 He was "  playing around " when he allegedly detonated a dry ice bomb , police say "  He thought it was funny , " police say , and "  had no intent to attack innocent victims " He works with Servisair , officials say ; deputy police chief says he 's jailed on $ 1 million bail
CNN  -- The family of Jeffrey Edward Fowle , an American tourist detained in North Korea for apparently breaking an unspecified law , has apologized to the reclusive state and asked for his release . Fowle 's wife and their three children appeared at a news conference in Lebanon , Ohio , Tuesday , in which the family 's lawyer , Timothy Tepe read a statement . "  The family would like to express its heartfelt apology to the people and the government of the DPRK  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  . Jeff has apologized publicly for his actions and Jeffrey 's family petitions the government of the DPRK for mercy toward Jeffrey and asks for his release . " Fowle 's family has been writing to U.S. President Barack Obama and previous presidents including George W. Bush , Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter to help his case . In previous cases of arrested Americans in North Korea , visits by U.S. former heads of state helped secure their return . Carter visited Pyongyang in 2010 to free American Aijalon Mahli Gomes and Clinton also made the trip to free U.S. journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee in 2009 . "  The next few days are critical as we approach the trial date , " Tepe said at the news conference , attended by CNN affiliate based in Dayton , Ohio , WHIO . There was no official announcement of a trial date from North Korea 's state-run , Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . Plea for help Earlier this month , the Associated Press , which has a bureau in Pyongyang , was granted an interview with Fowle and another American held in the country . In the interview released on August 1 , Fowle told the wires service , that "  the window is closing on that process . It will be coming relatively soon , maybe within a month , " Fowle said of his trial . In the interview , Fowle apologized to both the United States and North Korea . He also wrote a letter , in which it stated : "  I intentionally left a Bible in a nightclub . " He wrote that he had been treated well , but it was unclear whether the statement was written freely or whether he was pressured . Tepe said the family has received one phone call and one letter from him in North Korea . "  They 're desperate for his release and his return home . As you can imagine , Jeffrey is the primary financial provider for his family and -LSB- his wife -RSB- Tatyana is struggling to manage by herself , " Tepe said at Tuesday 's news conference . Three Americans in custody In June , KCNA reported that authorities were investigating Fowle , whom it said violated the law by acting "  contrary to the purpose of tourism . " Citing unidentified sources , Japanese news agency Kyodo reported that Fowle was part of a tour group and that he was detained in mid-May after allegedly leaving a Bible behind . In a previous statement , the family had said , "  Jeffrey loves to travel and loves the adventure of experiencing different cultures and seeing new places . " Fowle is one of three Americans detained in North Korea , including Matthew Todd Miller , who was taken into custody on April 10 , according to KCNA and Korean-American missionary , Kenneth Bae , who has been sentenced to 15 years hard labor in 2013 .	Jeffrey Fowle visited North Korea as part of a tour group earlier this year Fowle is one of three Americans detained in North Korea His family and lawyer asks for help in his return
The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad is warning Iraqis who want to enter the annual visa lottery to be wary of a scam that instructs applicants to send money via Western Union to someone apparently at the U.S. Embassy in London . "  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES should money be sent to any address for participation in the DV program , " the embassy warns in its statement . The Diversity Visa program offers up to 55,000 visas worldwide each year to applicants "  drawn from random selection among all entries to persons who meet strict eligibility requirements from countries with low rates of immigration to the United States , " according to the State Department website . The winners get green cards , meaning they are permanent residents of the U.S. It 's free to enter the random drawing through the State Department website dvlottery.state.gov . This year 's entry deadline was November 2 . The embassy said any Iraqi who worked with a private entity to apply should be cautious , because some people apparently have been sent letters instructing them to pay money up front .	A scam in Iraq apparently asks U.S. visa lottery applicants to send money up front The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad issues a warning saying visa applications are free Each year 55,000 visas are given out worldwide in a random drawing
CNN  -- In this era of ever-accelerating technological development , we all tend to be so fixated on the gizmos of the future that we rarely take the time to think about the glorious technology of the past . Fortunately , a treasure trove of rarities , oddities and tech "  firsts " has been brought together -- including an experimental 17th century mechanical calculator , a hundred-year-old telephone and an incredibly rare , headline-grabbing Apple 1 computer -- to be sold at auction Saturday in Cologne , Germany . While they may look dated today , the objects gathered by Auction Team Breker trace an evolution of technological thinking that stretches from the dawn of the industrial revolution through to the present day . It is a story of cutting edge tinkering ; an inventors ' hall of fame . Basking in the limelight at the auction will be one of just six surviving functional Apple 1 computers -- a tech superstar which is likely to sell for a small fortune -- an estimated $ 400,000 -- propelled by bids from collectors , museums and Macolytes . The Apple 1 was the first computer built by the California technology company . The computer was hand-assembled by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak , who , according to legend , financed the device 's construction by selling his HP-65 calculator  co-founder Steve Jobs also sold his VW campervan  . Approximately 200 of the devices were made , of which fewer than 50 are thought to remain -- and only six in working order . Company founder Uwe Breker said the sale is "  unique in presenting masterpieces from the spectrum of antique technology , from the 17th century to the 21st . " Long before the current era of computers , the inventor Blaise Pascal designed a mechanical calculator in 1642 -- regarded by many as the first decisive step toward modern microprocessors . The "  Pascaline " was operated with a stylus to turn digit-wheels . These wheels connected to a "  display " on the top of the device which showed the result after each equation . A sliding rule could be shifted to change the function of the device from addition to subtraction . Multiplication and division were also possible  though very difficult to execute  . The Pascaline was a significant breakthrough at the time of its invention , demonstrating , as it did , how complex arithmetic could be carried out by a machine . Its introduction led to the development of mechanical calculators across Europe . Only a handful of the original Pascaline machines still exist today -- most of which are held in museums . At auction Saturday will be a 20th-century reproduction , valued between $ 30,000 and $ 50,000 . Alongside the Apple 1 and the Pascaline will be an original Apple Lisa , one of the earliest computers to feature a graphical interface and mouse -- technologies which paved the way for desktop computing as we know it today . The Lisa was a commercial failure , in part due to its inordinately high price . Retailing at $ 10,000 , it was significantly more expensive than rival IBM PCs . Apple , for its part , owes much of its success to some of the early pioneering personal computers such as the SCELBI-8H -- a kit computer which was released in 1973 . Its 8-bit Intel microprocessor was incredibly powerful at the time  though only a tiny fraction of contemporary processor power  . Just 200 or so SCELBI-8Hs were made , making them quite valuable . The SCELBI-8H up for auction tomorrow is expected to go for $ 20,000 to $ 25,000 . As well as early artefacts from computing 's prehistory , the auction will feature a number of historical typewriters . A patent was lodged by Henry Mill for a typing device as early as 1714 , but typewriters did n't go into mass production until the 1860s . Today it is difficult to see them as anything but antiquated , yet the invention of typewriters caused a revolution in writing . A range of early typewriters will be sold , including an extremely rare 1895 Ford typewriter with a filigree copper grille valued between $ 13,000 and $ 20,000 , an 1879 Crandall with gold-gilt highlights and mother-of-pearl inlay , and a rather more functional-looking 1994 Crown , with an unusual keyless design , which is expected to fetch between $ 11,000 and $ 15,000 . Another "  first " to go under the hammer is a portable copying press devised by the legendary Scottish inventor of the steam-engine , James Watt . The laptop-sized invention allowed multiple copies of a document to be produced , something like a photocopier , with ink transferred from the original to moistened copying paper below via a pressure plate . The portable device was said to be a favourite of U.S. president Thomas Jefferson . Of even greater significance to communication was the invention of the telephone in the mid-19th century . From its early experimental incarnations in the workshops of a number of inventors including Alexander Graham Bell , the telephone was in broad use by the beginning of the 20th century . Could Bell have predicted how contemporary telephony , with cell phones , texting and Skype would look today ? It 's unlikely . But if you fancy picking up the low-tech progenitor of your iPhone 5 you could bid on a 1905 L. M. Ericson & Co desk telephone , known as the "  coffee grinder " due to its circular shape and unusual lithographed decoration . It is expected to sell for up $ 13,000 .	Rare Apple 1 computer could sell at auction for $ 400,000 Only 50 Apple 1 computers are thought to exist today Auction in Cologne , Germany will also feature early telephones , typewriters , calculators
CNN  -- At least 50 people were injured and 271,400 households rendered without power after Typhoon Jelawat struck Okinawa island of Japan , disaster officials there said Saturday . As the storm roared toward other Japanese islands , three people were injured in the southernmost part of Kyushu , the Disaster Management Office of the Kagoshima prefectural government said . The typhoon is expected to strike the Japanese mainland Sunday . The latest typhoon to hit the region in recent weeks , Jelawat is a "  very strong " storm with maximum sustained winds near the center of just over 100 mph  165 km/h  , the Japan Meteorological Agency said . A NASA advisory said the cyclone was comparable to a category 3 hurricane . The cyclone has lost some of its might and should continue weakening while moving into colder waters , said CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis . Wind troughs out of China could divert Jelawat away from land and into the open Pacific Ocean . This has not kept Okinawa from feeling the might of Jelawat 's gusts , although there have been no reports of major damage . "  The winds are screaming through the streets , " storm chaser James Reynolds said from Okinawa before the typhoon strike . "  I 've seen at least one window blow out . " He explained that buildings on the island are constructed to withstand the frequent Pacific typhoons . Just two weeks ago , Sanba , a Category 3 storm with slightly stronger winds than the current typhoon , passed over Okinawa on its way to South Korea . Local media reported Jelawat 's gusts had overturned motor vehicles . A U.S. Air Force base on the island recorded a gust of 180 mph , Maginnis said . Kadena Air Base posted comments , photos and videos from the storm on its Facebook page . "  Jumpin ' Jelawat ! " a comment read . "  OK , this is the back side of Jelawat . Impressive . Scary impressive . " The base lost its American Forces Network television signal , according to one photo post with a descriptive caption saying the storm "  decided to make a taco out of one of our satellite dish . " The page held a contest for the best storm picture . Potential winning images -- containing the worst damage -- displayed a single car that the wind had overturned and roof damage to a home . Typhoon Sanba rumbles over Okinawa CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Jumpin ' Jelawat " pummels Okinawa , injuring at least 50 people NEW : More than 270,000 households are powerless on Okinawa A U.S. base on Okinawa posts pictures from the storm Strong winds have overturned vehicles
CNN  -- A Little Rock , Arkansas , television anchorwoman who was attacked in her home and severely beaten died from her injuries Saturday . Anne Pressly , 26 , was a popular morning news anchor at KATV in Little Rock , Arkansas . Anne Pressly , 26 , the morning anchor on KATV , was found in her home Monday , savagely beaten mostly on her face and upper body . She had been hospitalized and sedated , unable to speak and suffering from massive brain swelling , her family said . Police said she might have been the victim of a burglary because her purse was missing . Her credit card was used at a gas station sometime this week , police said . Her father Guy Cannady appeared on "  Good Morning America " earlier in the week and said he doubts the attack was random . "  It 's so hard to understand , first of all , why would anybody vandalize and brutalize somebody to this extent , " he said . "  There are items missing from the home . The severity of the injuries and brutality of the attack in my own mind calls into question the motive . " Pressly 's left hand was broken , possibly as she tried to fight off her attacker . Her father earlier said that his daughter 's brain had swollen and she was unable to communicate , making it impossible for her to talk to police . Public personalities , including those on television , are sometimes stalked . Police have yet to identify a suspect , although detectives have combed the area around Pressly 's home in the Heights neighborhood , a mix of bungalows and mansions near the Little Rock Country Club . A $ 30,000 reward , established by KATV , will go to anyone who provides information leading to the arrest of Pressly 's attacker , the station reported Saturday . The anchor 's death comes just one day after reports that her condition appeared to be improving . Dr. Clifton R. Johnson said on Friday that the swelling in her brain had gone down and that doctors were slowly reducing her sedative dosages . Pressly 's parents released a statement Saturday saying they were "  with her in her last moments , " and that they needed privacy . On Saturday , KATV opened its nightly news cast with a seven-minute segment devoted to Pressly . Anchor Pamela Smith told viewers that Pressly 's family agreed to have their daughter donate her organs . An emotional Smith read condolences sent into the station , her eyes red . "  She owned every room she was in , not because she demanded our attention , but because we willingly gave it to her , " Smith said . "  We all felt a little better , a little more alive just being near her . " Cannady told ABC News that his family has received many letters of support during the week from across the world . Director Oliver Stone wrote one of them . Pressly made a brief appearance as a television commentator in Stone 's new movie , "  W. " "  You 're one hellava gal , " he wrote . "  Keep fighting . You 're a winner . " No funeral arrangements have been announced . "  Life was easy for Anne Pressly , " Smith told viewers . "  But it is her death that is so very hard for all of us . " Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	KATV morning anchor Anne Pressly was 26 She was severely beaten in her Little Rock , Arkansas , home Monday Police said she was attacked during burglary Her father suspects she may have been targeted
CNN  Could a simple blood test someday tell if you 're genetically predisposed to post-traumatic stress disorder ? That 's what a team of international researchers is hoping after finding a genetic marker linked to PTSD in the blood samples of Marines stationed in conflict zones . "  We 'll draw the blood and have a way to do this very rapidly and start to tease apart who is a little more at risk and who is a little more resilient for PTSD , " says principal investigator Dr. Dewleen Baker of the University of California-San Diego . "  It 's exciting . " PTSD can occur after many types of trauma : rape , torture , child abuse , natural disasters and car , plane , and train wrecks , to name a few . According to the PTSD Alliance , more than 13 million Americans have PTSD and the societal cost is in the billions . Women are about twice as likely as men to develop the disorder . Symptoms tend to cluster into three areas : • Reliving the event via nightmares or vivid images , along with an extreme reaction such as uncontrollable shaking , chills or heart palpitations . • Avoiding reminders of the event , including becoming emotionally withdrawn and detached from friends , family and everyday activities . • Being hyperaroused , easily startled , irritable , angry , or having difficulty sleeping or concentrating . As one might expect , service members are hardest hit . The Department of Veterans Affairs estimates 30 % of all Vietnam vets have experienced PTSD . Among troops recently deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan , PTSD can run as high as 20 % in any given year . But why does severe emotional trauma trigger PTSD in some people and not others ? The idea that your genes play a role in whether you develop PTSD is a popular focus of recent research . Scientists have discovered genes that help regulate fear reactions in mice . The lack of a fear-regulating brain chemical called gastrin-releasing peptide led to greater fear response among the rodents . In another study , mice without a protein necessary to form "  fear memories " were less likely to freeze up and more willing to explore unknown spaces . Studies of twins show heredity accounts for about 30 % of the differences in response to trauma , with identical twins much more likely to both develop PTSD than fraternal twins . Other research has looked into the role of inherited brain differences , mental disorders , or addictive tendencies . An unusual avenue of research is how our immune systems may contribute to the development of PTSD symptoms . Prior studies of people diagnosed with PTSD compared to control groups without the disorder suggest differences in genes related to inflammation may play a role . "  The body is built to keep us alive and it functions as one big system , " says Baker , discussing the interface between stress and immune chemicals . "  The systems all talk to each other . " The recent study , published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry , is unique because it compares blood samples from 188 Marines taken before and after they were deployed to combat zones . Another group of 96 Marines was also studied to verify the results . "  Under this experimental design , not only can we identify differences between U.S. Marines with PTSD and without , but we can go back in time , so to speak , to see if any of the Marines who eventually developed PTSD " showed evidence that it would emerge , says the study 's co-senior author , Christopher Woelk . "  In this vein , we are able to start labeling findings as being putatively ` causal ' in nature . " In the blood of Marines ultimately diagnosed with PTSD , the study found biomarkers associated with gene networks that regulate innate immune function -- the body 's first line of defense -- and interferon , a protein responsible for kicking the immune system into action . In addition , this hypervigilant immune response occurred before and after exposure to trauma . "  Why do certain people start out with slightly higher immune response and others have less ? Is it somehow just built in or have they been exposed to some kind of pathogen ? " asks Baker . Instead of pathogens , another possible explanation is that the inflammatory response is activated by the stress of going off to war . "  You could try to dampen down the activation and see if that improves symptoms or prevents development of PTSD , " says Baker . Baker stresses these questions are purely hypothetical at this time and that the study needs to be replicated and expanded . "  We 're early in the process of having some clues as to what might predict risk and resilience , and with more research we 'll begin to have effective preventions and treatments , " says Baker .	More than 13 million Americans have PTSD Genes account for about 30 % of risk Immune system plays a role in risk and resilience
CNN  -- Goals rained down in the English Premier League on Saturday , but for once Manchester United played it safe to stay seven points clear at the top of the table . Alex Ferguson 's team kept a clean sheet for the first time in six games , beating West Bromwich Albion 2-0 at home in a match that had been in danger of succumbing to the UK 's recent wet weather . By contrast , second-placed Manchester City scrambled a 4-3 win at Norwich , Tottenham came from behind to claim third with a 2-1 victory at Sunderland and Arsenal moved fifth after triumphing 7-3 at home to Newcastle . All eight EPL matches provided goals -- 35 in all -- with Stoke drawing 3-3 with Southampton , Wigan beating Aston Villa 3-0 , Swansea winning 2-1 at Fulham and Reading ending a long winless run by defeating West Ham 1-0 . United edged a controversial seven-goal thriller against Newcastle on Wednesday , showing the defensive frailties that have plagued the 19-time English champions this season , but the return of Nemanja Vidic helped steady the side against a West Brom team that has dropped to seventh place . The visitors went behind in the ninth minute when Gareth McAuley deflected Ashley Young 's cross past his own keeper -- former United player Ben Foster -- and substitute Robin van Persie wrapped it up at the end with a curling shot for his league-leading 14th goal this season . Ferguson was widely criticized for harassing match officials during the Newcastle match and for claiming that Van Persie "  could have been killed " during the 1-1 draw with Swansea , but he kept his comments low-key this time . "  The pitch was a problem for us with the way we pass the ball -- it slowed our game down a bit , " said Ferguson , who turns 71 on Monday . "  We did well in the first half , we dominated at times , but you must give credit to West Brom who had more of the game in the second half and were a threat with their crosses . "  They had quite a bit of possession into the second period so we decided to bring Robin and Paul Scholes on just to settle us down a bit and they did that well . "  It 's a good result considering how heavy the pitch was -- that 's two games in four days on it and it 's not easy . The slowness of it killed our speed . " Blog : Has Ferguson gone too far ? West Brom boss Steve Clarke agreed with the officials ' decision to go ahead with the match after a late inspection of the waterlogged pitch . "  We used to play on pitches like that all the time . You do n't look for games to be called off for no reason and there was no reason today , " he said . Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini was not so happy after his defending champions bounced back from the 1-0 defeat by Sunderland . Recalled striker Edin Dzeko scored twice inside four minutes , but Norwich got back into the game after Samir Nasri was sent off just before halftime following an altercation with Sebastien Bassong . "  Both players came forward with their heads , so if you are going to send off one , then you have to send off both , not only Samir , " Mancini said . "  I am disappointed with Samir , and he will pay his fine , but the decision was not correct . " The Italian will go into the New Year trying to retrieve a sizable deficit , though City overhauled United 's eighth-point lead last season to win the club 's first title since 1968 . "  It 's not important to look at the table because it 's not final but we need only to work , to win and then maybe we 'll look again at the table in February , " he said . Dzeko almost had a hat-trick , but his 67th-minute shot hit the post and went into the net off Norwich goalkeeper Mark Bunn for 4-2 , which was ruled to be an own goal . Russell Martin netted his second on 75 , but Norwich stayed 11th after a third successive defeat . Tottenham moved a point above London rivals Chelsea , who travel to sixth-placed Everton on Sunday . Sunderland went ahead against the run of play as skipper John O'Shea scored his first goal for the club five minutes before halftime , but Carlos Cuellar headed into his own net after the break and Aaron Lennon 's 51st-minute winner left Spurs six points behind City . However , Tottenham star Gareth Bale -- a reported target for Real Madrid in the January transfer window -- was frustrated after being booked for diving for the third time this season . "  That 's three times now I 've been clipped and booked for no reason , " said the Wales winger , who will miss Tuesday 's clash with Reading following his fifth yellow card this season . "  People keep saying I 'm diving , but if there 's contact it 's not diving . Referees need to look more closely . " Theo Walcott bolstered his claims for a regular starting place as a central striker with his second-hat-trick this season in Arsenal 's topsy-turvy win over 15th-placed Newcastle , which put the London side two points behind Chelsea . The visitors leveled three times as Demba Ba netted twice to take his league tally to 13 , but Walcott 's treble was complemented by a late double from substitute forward Olivier Giroud after Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Lukas Podolski also scored . Walcott has yet to agree a new contract , and the England international will have no lack of interest from other clubs after taking his tally to 14 goals in all competitions this season -- only Van Persie has more with 17 . Stoke stayed eighth after coming from 3-1 down against third-bottom Southampton , extending the club 's unbeaten home record to nine matches thanks to substitute striker Cameron Jerome 's spectacular late equalizer . Defender Matthew Upson had reduced the deficit to 3-2 before teammate Steven Nzonzi was sent off for a challenge on Jack Cork . Swansea moved up to ninth as Fulham 's stand-in keeper David Stockdale gifted the visitors two goals -- the first to striker Danny Graham , playing in place of the Welsh club 's top scorer Michu , and the second to Canadian midfielder Jonathan de Guzman . Bryan Ruiz pulled one back after Dimitar Berbatov hit the crossbar , and the Bulgarian had a late effort ruled out for offside as the London side ended the year just four points above the relegation zone in 14th place . Wigan moved out of the bottom three after handing fellow strugglers Aston Villa a third successive defeat that will increase the pressure on manager Paul Lambert after the 8-0 demolition by Chelsea and a 4-0 home loss to Spurs . Reading stayed second from bottom despite the promoted club winning for only the second time this season , thanks to a fifth-minute goal from Russia striker Pavel Pogrebnyak that extended 12th-placed West Ham 's winless run to four matches .	Manchester United will go into 2013 with a seven-point lead in English Premier League Alex Ferguson 's team keep a rare clean sheet in Saturday 's 2-0 win at home to West Brom Second-placed Manchester City win 4-3 at Norwich despite having Samir Nasri sent off Spurs go third with 2-1 win at Sunderland , with Arsenal fifth after beating Newcastle 7-3
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo underlined just why Real Madrid agreed to pay him the big bucks on a scintillating evening of European football . The 28-year-old , who inked a new five-year deal with the Spanish club on Sunday , completed a brilliant hat trick as Real raced to a 6-1 rout against Galatasaray . Ronaldo had the final say in Istanbul as he danced past three defenders before blasting the ball into the net for his hat-trick . Summer signing Isco had got Los Blancos off the mark when he picked up a long ball hit from beyond the halfway line by Angel di Maria and hit home after 33 minutes . From then on it was one way traffic as Karim Benzema and Ronaldo added two goals apiece before Umut Bulut pulled one back for the Turkish champions . The away victory saw the nine time European champions kick off a new era of European football under manager Carlo Ancelotti in some style . A pulsating opening round of Champions League group matches featured a flurry of firsts . Former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola safely negotiated his first match in charge of Bayern Munich 's title defence with an emphatic 3-0 win over CSKA Moscow . David Alaba hit home a dipping free kick to set the Germans on their way before Mario Mandzukic powered in a header in a dominant first half . Arjen Robben volleyed in a scooped pass from Alaba to tick off a first European win for Guardiola and his defending champions . David Moyes also came through his first game as Manchester United manager unscathed as the club made its first European outing without Sir Alex Ferguson at the helm since 1985 . Wayne Rooney -- wearing a thick headband to protect an injury - set United on their way as he bundled home Patrice Evra 's cross after 22 minutes . Bayer Leverkusen leveled the match at Old Trafford in the second half thanks to Simon Rolfes . But the German side 's relief was short lived as , just five minutes later , Robin van Persie scissor kicked the ball into the net to put United back in front . Moyes watched Rooney -- the star striker he sold to United from Everton in 2004 -- pounce again with his 200th goal for Manchester United . The 27 year old coolly slotted in a low drive to become only the fourth player in the club 's history to reach the landmark . United poured forward on the break with some brilliant flowing play that was finished off with a fourth goal from Antonio Valencia . With two minutes on the clock , Omer Toprak pulled back another away goal for Leverkusen but United came off the pitch 4-2 winners in the Group A clash . In the Czech Republic , Manchester City recovered from a tentative start to cruise to a 3-0 away win against FC Viktoria Plzen . New City boss Manuel Pellegrini led Malaga to the Champions League quarter finals last season and was looking for a positive display from his new charges . Edin Dzeko broke the deadlock after half time when he slotted home a pass from Sergio Aguero , who used his muscle to hold off the Czech defence . Yolo Toure conjured a curling goal from nowhere to double City 's advantage before Aguero finally got on the score sheet to complete a pleasing away win . Paris St Germain also earned a 4-1 win away at Olympiakos while Italians Juventus were held to a 1-1 draw by FC Copenhagen .	Cristiano Ronaldo sinks a hat trick as Real Madrid beat Galatasaray 6-1 Wayne Rooney grabs his 200th goal for Manchester United as they beat Bayer Leverkusen 4-2 Defending European champions Bayern Munich see off CSKA Moscow 3-0 Manchester City defeat Viktoria Plzen in Czech Republic
CNN  -- Neuroscience may not be for everyone . But Backyard Brains co-founder Greg Gage hopes to make it a little less intimidating and a lot more accessible . Gage believes that basic neuroscience research is the answer to curing many of the most devastating neurological disorders such as Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's . Greg Gage and his partner Tim Marzullo hope to make learning about the brain easy and accessible for all ages and income levels . With a simple do-it-yourself approach they started a company that creates affordable kits for learning about the brain . Gage hopes to show students that neuroscience can be fun and , in the process , inspire the next generation of neuroscientists . One of the products they designed , called the SpikerBox , allows users to record and stimulate neurons from things such as insects and display the neural activity on devices like iPhones via custom apps . Gage hopes that with these tools , kids of all ages will be able to learn about how the brain communicates . A short video recently posted by Backyard Brains showing squid skin cells stimulated by an iPod has been a hit on YouTube -- evidence that this visual and interactive approach to neuroscience can appeal to the masses . Through these simple , entry-level devices created from off-the-shelf electronics , Backyard Brains hopes to inspire the next generation of neuroscientists and start the "  neuro-revolution . " Gage sat down with CNN at TED 2012 in Long Beach , California , to talk about Backyard Brains . CNN : Tell us about why you started Backyard Brains ? Gage : The idea was that we wanted to take really expensive and really complicated neuroscience techniques and make it easy enough and affordable enough that you can use it in high school and even down to the fifth-grade level . CNN : Why is teaching neuroscience important ? Gage : Because one out of five of us , that 's 20 % of the entire world , will be diagnosed with a neurological disorder , and when it comes to treating these diseases , we 're in the dark ages . The only way to get out of it is through basic neuroscience research . By reaching back into the education process early you can get kids interested in the brain . We want to make kits that get kids interested and working with the brain so they get turned on to that and want to become that in the future . CNN : What do you hope to accomplish with Backyard Brains in the future ? Gage : These  SpikerBoxes  are just the beginning of where we want to go . We want to bring the technology that just came out a few years ago in the latest fields like optogenetics and bring that into the high school classroom . In the next 10 to 15 years we want professors to tell us that the number of applicants that come into the lab that have already done experiments or that have already been thinking about this for years is on the rise . We want to start to have the "  neuro-revolution " by having new students that are already interested in the brain beginning to understand and solve the diseases that we have today . We just really need to push the science further to help us cure these diseases . Brandon Ancil and Richard Galant contributed to this report .	Backyard Brains uses simple , inexpensive tools to teach kids how the brain works 20 % of the world 's population will be diagnosed with a neurological disorder Scientists hope to inspire future generations to become interested in neuroscience
EW.com  -- With Martin Luther King Jr. . Day right around the corner , Oliver Stone announced Friday that he is no longer on board to write and direct a biopic about the Civil Rights leader . Stone took to Twitter to explain that his rewrite of the script , which dealt with "  issues of adultery , conflicts within the movement , and King 's spiritual transformation " was not well received by producers . It 's unclear how or if Stone 's leaving will affect Jamie Foxx , who was attached to star in the DreamWorks and Warner Bros production . EW reached out to Stone and the studios for further comment , but had not heard back at press time . Read Stone 's explanation below , ending with a note to King himself : See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Oliver Stone will not write and direct the MLK biopic The director tweeted about it on Friday He ended the tweets with a note to King
New York  CNN  -- A Salvador Dali painting stolen from a Manhattan art gallery last week has been returned to the United States , New York police said . The 1949 painting "  Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio " was taken June 19 from the Venus Over Manhattan gallery by a man posing as a potential customer , according to a police statement . It is valued at $ 150,000 . On Friday , New York police picked up the painting at customs and returned the artwork to the gallery , Lt. John Grimpel said . "  The gallery believes it to be the original painting , " Grimpel said . He added that the piece appeared to be in good shape , though it was returned without its frame . Adam Lindemann , owner of the artwork , confirmed receipt of the painting from overseas . "  We 've received the work , sent to us from Greece , " Lindemann said . "  We have not had our conservators examine it yet . " Police do not have any suspects in the case , Grimpel said . The thief is believed to have removed the painting from its mount before placing it in a shopping bag and leaving . Surveillance video shows a thin , balding man walking out of the gallery with the bag in hand . Warhol piece among high-priced art stolen in Detroit Stolen impressionist art returned after 3 decades Picasso , Mondrian works stolen in Athens art heist CNN 's Alina Cho contributed to this report .	The "  Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio " painting is valued at $ 150,000 New York police : "  The gallery believes it to be the original painting " Owner : Conservators have yet to examine the painting , sent from Greece Police do not have any suspects in the theft
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Agricultural Adversity As Morocco 's King tours the Gulf looking to spur business opportunities , one sector of the economy is struggling . According to the IMF economic growth in Morocco will drop to nearly 3 % this year due to a lack of rainfall . The drought this year is having a big impact on the agricultural sector and causing concern for many of the country 's farmers , as MME found out . FACETIME : Fouad Douiri , Moroccan Minister of Energy , Mines , Environment and Water Recent rains in Morocco over the past month could now change the situation for many farmers and even impact the North African country 's growth outlook . This week MME speaks to the country 's Minister of Energy and Environment Fouad Douiri and asked him about Morocco 's economic outlook .	MME assesses how the drought in Morocco will affect the country 's economic outlook Fouad Douiri , Morocco 's Minister of Energy and Environment , discusses the impact on the country 's farmers Morocco 's King Mohammed tours the Gulf promoting business relations and seeking investment
CNN  -- Hundreds of citizens and community leaders packed into the Bay Area Rapid Transit board room and two overflow rooms Thursday , demanding the group take responsibility for a subway officer 's shooting that left a young man dead . A woman holds a sign demanding justice for victim Oscar Grant at a BART board of directors meeting Thursday . The BART board of directors meeting started with a moment of silence for Oscar Grant , a 22-year-old father who was killed on New Year 's Day in a crowded train station , but it quickly turned into a parade of angry speeches by elected officials , activists and outraged citizens . For nearly six hours , according to local media , about 60 people addressed the board . The public asked the BART directors , and they agreed , to set up a committee to review procedures . They also discussed the possibility of creating a civilian review board . Inside the room , people clutched Grant 's photo . Some held signs against police brutality . A couple of times citizens chanted loudly and pumped their fists in the air . Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson , dressed in a shirt with her son 's face and the words "  RIP Oscar , " held a news conference Thursday afternoon at the family attorney 's office to plead with the public to stop the rioting breaking out in response to the shooting , according to CNN affiliate KTVU-TV . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your photos , video and reaction "  I am begging the citizens not to use violent tactics , not to be angry , " an emotional Johnson said at the news conference . "  I know it 's a very frustrating time , but Oscar would not want to see all the violence that 's going on . He would not want to see the fires , he would not want to see this . " "  You 're hurting people who have nothing to do with the situation . You 're vandalizing their property , hurting their cars and breaking their windows . Please just stop it , please . " Johnson wiped tears from her eyes as her son 's friends also pleaded for calm . At the news conference , the Grant family attorney , John Burris , said he understood the frustration that African-Americans , especially those who are young , were feeling . Noting the case of Sean Bell , Burris asked the community to not take away from the tragedy by creating more violence . "  That 's not what Oscar stood for , that 's not the life he led , so do n't mar the image of Oscar . He was trying to be a peacemaker on that tape , " Burris said referring to a recorded video of Grant 's shooting . Footage from KTVU showed demonstrators rampaging through the streets of Oakland , California , on Wednesday protesting Grant 's death . iReport.com : Protesters rally against police The Oakland Police Department made 105 arrests , including a mass arrest of about 80 people at 11 p.m. , said Officer Jeff Thomason . The charges include inciting a riot , vandalism , assault on a police officer and unlawful assembly , he said . One officer was injured , but not seriously , Thomason said . Some protesters lay on their stomachs , saying they were showing solidarity with Grant , who was shot in the back as he was face-down on the floor at a train station . Watch angry protesters in Oakland " Several witnesses caught the incident on camera , and there have been numerous demonstrations this week . The protests turned violent Wednesday night after Grant 's funeral and following an announcement by authorities that Officer Johannes Mehserle , who is implicated in the shooting , had turned in his resignation . Videos from witnesses show Mehserle shoot Grant in the back as another BART officer kneels on Grant . A BART spokesman has said there is more to the story than what can be seen on the grainy images . Watch the events preceding the shooting " Oakland police tried to keep protesters at bay Wednesday night as they smashed car windshields and storefront windows . KTVU footage shows one protester jumping up and down on a police car hood , while another demonstrator pushes a flaming Dumpster up against it . "  We live a life of fear , and we want them to be afraid tonight , " an unnamed female protester said . iReport.com : BART protests turn violent The protests began peacefully about 3:30 p.m. with about 500 people gathering at the Fruitvale station , where the shooting occurred last week , Thomason said . Soon , a group of about 150 protesters surrounded a police officer . Fearing for his safety , Thomason said , "  the decision was made to use chemical agents to protect that police officer . " The crowd calmed down , but then a contingent of protesters turned violent again , smashing windows and setting cars on fire , he said . Police tried to disperse the crowd and warned five times that anyone who did n't leave would be arrested . At about 8:30 p.m. , police started making arrests . One person was arrested after carrying a firearm ; another faces charges of possessing suspected crack cocaine , Thomason said . The crowd finally dispersed about 11 p.m. after police hemmed in a crowd of rowdy protesters at the downtown intersection of 20th Street and Broadway . There , police cuffed 80 protesters , Thomason said . "  If people want to peacefully protest , we 're all for that , " he said . "  If it 's peaceful , we 're all for it . We 're not going to stand in the way of people saying what they want to say . " This was not the case Wednesday night , Thomason said , warning that police would be out in force again Thursday night to make sure any protests remain orderly . David Chai , chief of staff for Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums , said Dellums was "  out and about " in the streets Wednesday , urging protesters to exercise their frustration productively . Dellums also announced that the Oakland Police Department was conducting its own investigation into the matter . "  The mayor 's involvement was essentially to try to calm everybody down , " Chai said . "  He obviously expressed some frustration with the process . " He said Oakland residents also were "  rightfully " frustrated that the investigation has gone on for a week with little development . Thomason said Oakland police will either work alongside BART in its investigation or take the probe over , but no decisions have been made . BART spokesman Linton Johnson said Wednesday that Mehserle 's attorney has advised his client not to speak to authorities . BART released a statement Wednesday saying the officer 's attorney and a union representative had handed in his resignation letter . Attorney Christopher Miller released a statement confirming his client 's resignation , effective Wednesday . "  Officer Mehserle 's resignation should allow BART to get back to the business of managing regional transportation and allow the Alameda County district attorney to take primary responsibility for reviewing this matter , " the statement said . Johnson told CNN on Wednesday that Mehserle had received death threats . District Attorney Tom Orloff told CNN on Wednesday the incident is a "  pretty clear " homicide , and his office will focus primarily on Mehserle 's mental state before the shooting . Burris is pushing Orloff to press criminal charges against Mehserle . Burris has also filed a $ 25 million claim with BART , alleging wrongful death . Read the claim  PDF "  Without so much as flinching , the Officer Mehserle stood over Grant and mercilessly fired his weapon , mortally wounding Mr. Grant with a single gunshot wound to the back , " the claim alleges . BART has until late February to respond . Burris said that the young men had been celebrating the new year at a popular waterfront tourist spot , The Embarcadero . They were heading home when police pulled them from the train car about 2 a.m. Witness videos show Grant and two other men sitting against a wall in the Fruitvale station after being pulled off the train . BART reported that they had received a report of an altercation on the train . Police are seen putting Grant face-down on the ground . Grant appears to struggle . One of the officers kneels on Grant as another officer stands , tugs at his gun , unholsters it and fires a shot into Grant 's back . There have been unconfirmed reports that Mehserle may have mistook his gun for a Taser , but Burris is not swayed . "  My view is , this is criminal conduct , period , " he said . BART Police Chief Gary Gee released a statement this week expressing condolences for Grant 's family and saying the authority is cooperating with Orloff 's office . A statement Wednesday said BART "  will continue to seek and examine all available evidence and will continue its full cooperation with the ongoing independent investigation by the district attorney . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Augie Martin , Dan Simon and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim 's mother calls for stop to rioting , CNN affiliate KTVU-TV reports Police say they made 105 arrests ; charges include inciting riot , vandalism Prosecutor : Office investigating "  mental state " of officer accused in killing Video shows officer shoot Oscar Grant in back as another officer kneels on him
CNN  -- Snapchat will add new privacy features after a hack last week that exposed millions of phone numbers and user names from the popular photo - and video-sharing app . The company said in a blog post it will be updating the app to allow users to opt out of a "  Find Friends " feature that uses their mobile phone number . They 'll also be adding internal restrictions that will make it more difficult to employ the method hackers say they used to expose 4.6 million accounts . "  The Snapchat community is a place where friends feel comfortable expressing themselves and we 're dedicated to preventing abuse , " Snapchat said in the post , which did not include an apology to its users . On Tuesday , hackers posted user names and phone numbers , with the final two numbers redacted , to a website called SnapchatDB.info . The site had been suspended by its Web host but , by Friday , appeared to be back online with phone numbers and user names both partially disguised . The site made the data available for download and offered , by request , to consider releasing unredacted info , which matched the user names with the phone numbers associated with them . The hack appears to have been an effort to push Snapchat into improving its privacy protections . "  Our motivation behind the release was to raise the public awareness around the issue , and also put public pressure on Snapchat to get this exploit fixed , " the hackers said in a statement released to news outlets . "  It is understandable that tech startups have limited resources but security and privacy should not be a secondary goal . Security matters as much as user experience does . " Last week , Gibson Security -- a group of "  white hat " hackers , meaning they do n't exploit the security gaps they find -- published what they said was code that would enable such a hack . The SnapchatDB group said Snapchat implemented "  very minor obstacles " after that . In the blog post , Snapchat said it had added security measures after Gibson suggested in August that such a hack was possible , but that the group 's Christmas Eve post had more details that made Snapchat 's system easier to exploit . Sources told Business Insider last month that Snapchat has about 30 million monthly active users and more than 16 million daily users .	Snapchat will let users opt out of "  Find Friends " after last week 's hack Hacker 's say they matched 4.6 million user names with phone numbers Move was meant to urge Snapchat to improve security
CNN  -- Venezuela has promised to give Nicaragua $ 50 million to replace money that the United States said this week it would withhold from the Central American country , Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega Saavedra said Saturday . Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega expressed disappointment in U.S. President Barack Obama 's decision . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez promised the aid after Ortega learned that the United States was canceling $ 62 million of aid that was to have come from the Millennium Challenge Corporation , a U.S.-government-funded anti-poverty fund set up by former President George W. Bush . Ortega expressed disappointment in President Barack Obama for the decision . "  He expresses good will , but in practice , he has the same policies as President Reagan , " Ortega told a crowd of supporters in Managua 's Plaza of the Revolution . In 1982 , then-President Reagan supported funding the contras , the forces opposed to Ortega and his socialist Sandinista Party , which had come to power after overthrowing the U.S.-backed Anastasio Somoza in 1979 . Ortega called this week 's decision not to follow through on the payment "  disrespectful . " "  The United States had given its word to the people of Nicaragua and in particular to the people of the cities involved in the program , " he said . Wednesday 's decision to cut the funds altogether came after the United States announced last November that it was suspending aid to Managua in the wake of what it said were fraudulent municipal elections . Ortega , whose party members won most of the mayoralties , disputed that . And he warned his U.S. counterpart that the world has changed since the United States funded the contras . "  He is the first to know that the United States of today is not the United States of 20 , 30 , 40 years ago , " Ortega said . "  Today , the United States can not do whatever it wants in the world . It does n't have the moral force , even though it may have the material force to do it . They have even lost the support of the U.S. people . " Still chafing over his loss to Violeta Chamorro , who replaced him as president in 1990 , Ortega said those were the elections that were fraudulent . He said President George H. W. Bush affected the outcome by telling the Nicaraguans , "  If you vote for the -LSB- Sandinista -RSB- front , the war is going to continue ; if you vote for the enemies of the front , go in peace . ' That was the promise that Bush made . " He described that pact as "  a big lie , since the peace was already coming . We , the Nicaraguans , were making peace . " What Bush then wanted , Ortega said , was war throughout Central America . "  He fed the war in Guatemala , he fed the war in El Salvador , he fed the war in Nicaragua , " Ortega said . Ortega described the three U.S.-backed governments that ruled Nicaragua from 1990 until 2007 -- when he reclaimed power -- as anti-democratic . "  They robbed the people of the right to health , the right to education , the right to decent housing , " he said . "  They privatized energy industry , the telecommunications industry , the businesses of the workers -- those were nothing more than acts of corruption . " And he said that the $ 62 million would have been used to build 12 highways , not to support his government . But work that has begun on two of the roads will be completed , said Rodney Bent , deputy CEO for the Millennium Challenge Corporation in an interview Friday with CNN en Espanol . He denied any suggestion that the money was being used for political ends rather than simply to alleviate poverty . "  That 's totally false , " Bent said , adding that his corporation 's funds are doled out regardless of a government 's leftist , centrist or conservative policies . "  We want a clean government , " he said , adding that because the elections were not clean , "  we had to act . "	U.S. cancels $ 62 million of aid from the Millennium Challenge Corporation Ortega : ` Obama expresses good will , but ... has same policies as Reagan ' Ortega called the decision not to follow through on the payment ` disrespectful '
President Barack Obama formally canceled a much-discussed visit to Moscow next month for talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin , citing a lack of progress in bilateral relations since Putin regained the presidency a year ago . Obama will still attend a G-20 summit in St. Petersburg in early September , but now will go to Sweden beforehand instead of stopping in Moscow to meet with Putin , the White House announced . "  Following a careful review begun in July , we have reached the conclusion that there is not enough recent progress in our bilateral agenda with Russia to hold a U.S.-Russia Summit in early September , " a White House statement said . In addition , no one-on-one meeting between Obama and Putin is scheduled for the G-20 summit , a senior administration official told CNN on the condition of not being identified . However , the two leaders would see each other at group meetings in St. Petersburg . The White House statement noted progress in relations with Russia during Obama 's first term , much of it when Dmitry Medvedev was president and Putin was prime minister . Putin regained the presidency in May 2012 . Obama : ` No patience ' for anti-LGBT laws in Russia "  Given our lack of progress on issues such as missile defense and arms control , trade and commercial relations , global security issues , and human rights and civil society in the last 12 months , we have informed the Russian government that we believe it would be more constructive to postpone the summit until we have more results from our shared agenda , " the White House said . The statement also cited Russia 's recent decision to grant asylum to classified leaker Edward Snowden as a factor in the decision , but a senior administration official told CNN that the talks with Putin were likely to have been canceled regardless . "  We just had n't gotten any traction " on issues that the summit would have addressed , including missile defense and a reduction in nuclear missiles , the official said on the condition of not being identified , adding that attempts to find common ground on economic and trade agreements also were problematic . "  We 're not in the business of doing summits just to do summits , " the official told CNN . Despite canceling the Moscow talks with Putin , the White House said a meeting set for Friday between Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel with their Russian counterparts would proceed "  to discuss how we can best make progress moving forward on the full range of issues in our bilateral relationship . " Yuri Ushakov , an aide to Putin , told reporters on Wednesday that "  we 're disappointed with the U.S. administration 's decision , " the Russian news agency Itar-Tass reported . "  It 's clear that the decision is linked to the situation around former CIA contractor Edward Snowden , " Ushakov said , according to Tass , which quoted him as saying the situation "  illustrates that the U.S. is not ready to build equal relations with Russia . " The invitation for Obama "  remains in force , " he said . What Obama said on Leno The senior Obama administration official said , "  we still have business to do with these guys on Afghanistan and Iran as well as other issues . " On NBC 's "  Tonight Show " Tuesday , Obama said he was disappointed Russia had granted asylum to Snowden , a former government contractor who leaked details of National Security Agency surveillance programs that sparked a political firestorm . The United States wants Russia to return Snowden to face trial on charges under the Espionage Act , but Russia instead granted him at least a year of asylum and he is in an unknown location in the country . Russia 's leaders have a proclivity for slipping into a Cold War mindset , Obama said , adding that it is essential that cooperation continues between the two nations . Obama also criticized Russia for a new law banning "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors . " Opinion : Make Olympics in Russia the gayest ever Implemented last month after Putin signed it into law , the measure bars public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear it . The law has been condemned by Russian and international rights groups as highly discriminatory . "  I have no patience for countries that try to treat gays or lesbians or transgender persons in ways that intimidate them or are harmful to them , " Obama said . U.S. legislators from both parties had called for Obama to cancel the Moscow talks with Putin , and some suggested he also should refuse to attend the G-20 summit in Russia . "  Putin does n't deserve the respect after what he 's done with Snowden , " Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York told CNN on Wednesday . "  He goes out of his way to stick the knife into the United States . " But Schumer said he supports Obama attending the G-20 gathering . Protests , boycott calls as anger grows over laws	Source : No Obama-Putin bilateral meeting planned for the G-20 summit President Obama also will not go to Moscow before G-20 next month Russia says it is disappointed about the canceled Obama-Putin talks A lack of progress in the bilateral agenda is the reason , the White House says
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- Serving Germany 's financial capital , Frankfurt Airport is one of the world 's busiest international gateways . With 56 million passengers passing through last year , it 's the third busiest airport in Europe and claims to serve more international destinations than any other airport in the world . But rather than just catering to holiday makers , Frankfurt is a major logistical hub . Most of its passengers are business travelers and more than half of all passengers are there to transfer between flights . It handles more than 2 million tons of cargo each year , as well as 100 million animals . And more than 18,000 items of baggage travel along its 73 kilometers of conveyor belts every hour . See also : Record-breaking airports "  What is unique about Frankfurt is the amount of traffic , " Klaus Wehle , supervisor at Frankfurt control tower , told CNN 's Becky Anderson . He added : "  We have four runways , we have two terminals , divided in different parts , so we have a lot of taxiing aircraft , which is very complex . "  Frankfurt is a transfer hub so we have several peak hours a day -- inbound peaks , outbound peaks -- so punctuality is a big issue here . " The airport was also considered the first to have infrastructure compatible with the colossal Airbus A380 -- the biggest passenger aircraft flying today . It can take up to 50 people to handle the turnaround of an A380 and the double-deck plane presents considerable challenges for the airport 's staff . It takes about an hour to refuel an A380 , which can guzzle up to about 320,000 liters of fuel -- enough to fill the tanks of some 6,000 cars . And a single A380 can require up to 1,200 in-flight meals -- prepped and cooked by the airport 's chefs . Feeding Frankfurt Airport and its airlines is no small task . International chefs work around the clock to dish out an average of 100,000 meals a day -- enough to feed the population of a small city . While most meals for economy class are deep frozen , for business and first-class passengers food is freshly prepared on the day . But preparing food for consumption in the air presents unique problems -- not least that passengers ' taste buds do n't function as well at altitude . Maik Herodek , section manager of LSG Skychefs , a catering company at Frankfurt Airport , says its hard to create plane food that is n't plain . "  The challenge is to make good food ... because if you fly the air is dry , and you ca n't taste the salt , " he said . "  So you have to work with more herbs or other spices . " And his secret to pleasing fussy airline passengers ? "  All the ingredients are very fresh , " he said . "  We check the temperature , we check the freshness , we check everything because it must be the freshest you get , because on the airplane , you ca n't say ` oh sorry , tell the chef I want another one . ' There 's just one chance to deliver good food on a plane . "	The Gateway goes behind the scenes at Frankfurt Airport It claims to serve more international destinations than any other airport in the world It is a major logistical hub , handling more than 2 million tons of cargo each year Frankfurt Airport 's catering staff produce 100,000 meals a day
CNN  -- Sniffer dogs will search an Oregon high school for explosives before students return from the Memorial Day weekend , because one of their classmates was planning to attack them with bombs , police said . The 1999 shooting spree at Colorado 's Columbine High School served as Grant Acord 's benchmark and inspiration , Benton County District Attorney John Haroldson said . But the prosecutor said the teen wanted to top Columbine in a planned attack at West Albany High School . With the help of explosive devices , checklists and diagrams , Acord 's "  goal was to model the Columbine shootings with some adjustments that would make it a greater success , " Haroldson said . The prosecutor said police found six types of explosives in the 17-year-old 's possession after they arrested him Thursday night at his mother 's house in Albany , Oregon . They recovered napalm , pipe and drain cleaner bombs , as well as Molotov cocktails Friday from "  a secret compartment that had been created in the floorboards " of the teen 's bedroom , Haroldson said . Albany police became suspicious after they "  received information that associated ... Acord with manufacturing a destructive device with the intent of detonating it at a school . " West Albany High School 's principal , Susie Orsborn , sent a note to students ' parents , asking them to urge their children to come forward and speak with police if they knew anything about the plan . Acord , a juvenile , will be charged "  as an adult with attempted aggravated murder , " Haroldson said . He will also face bomb-making charges and "  unlawful possession of a deadly weapon with intent to use against another person . " He is scheduled to appear in court for the first time Tuesday . CNN is attempting to reach Acord 's attorney for comment . A woman who answered the door at the house believed to belong to Acord 's mother told CNN affiliate KATU that she has no comment . Albany police searched the school twice -- the first time on the night they arrested Acord . But state police want to conduct a more thorough search with dogs before students return to class . Sheriff : Student plotted TX college attack , fantasized about stabbings Fifth-grade boys ' plot to kill a classmate thwarted In January : Alabama teen free on bail after allegedly plotting ` terrorist attacks '	Police searched the school for explosives and are planning a second search Prosecutor : Grant Acord made bombs and planned an attack deadlier than Columbine 's The teen hid explosives in a secret floorboard compartment in his bedroom , the DA says The bombs were made with napalm , drain cleaner and flammable liquids , authorities say
CNN  -- Super Bowl fans in Tucson , Arizona , caught a different kind of show during Sunday 's big game . Just as Cardinals ' superstar Larry Fitzgerald watched himself sprint into the end zone on the stadium 's Jumbotron during Sunday 's Super Bowl , 10 seconds of eye-popping pornographic imagery "  flashed " across the screens of those watching at home . "  We are mortified by last evening 's Super Bowl interruption , and deeply apologize to our customers for the inappropriate programming , " Comcast Cable said in a written statement . "  Our initial investigation suggests this was an isolated malicious act , " the statement added . Comcast , and several local television stations that carried the signal , say they are currently investigating what caused the interruption . "  It appears this material was only viewed by some Comcast customers , " local Tucson television station KVOA-TV said in a written statement . Television station KVOA added "  when the NBC feed of the Super Bowl was transmitted from KVOA to local cable providers and through over-the-air antennas , there was no pornographic material , " KVOA President and General Manager Gary Nielsen said in a separate statement .	Tucson , Arizona , viewers see 10 seconds of porn during Super Bowl Snippet apparently seen by viewers with cable Comcast Cable and local stations looking into the interruption
CNN  -- Pamela Anderson is set to bring a little Hollywood glamor to motorsport after becoming part owner of a sports car racing team . The former Baywatch star has linked up with the Race Alliance team , which is competing in the inaugural FIA GT Series . The Playboy pin-up ventured into motorsport in March 2012 when her and occasional racing driver Markus Fux fronted the Downforce1 European Le Mans teams . Following the failure of that venture Fux and Anderson have teamed up with the Race Alliance team for the final three races of the GT Series ' 2013 season . "  We want to make Race Alliance a recognizable name and have looked for the best drivers possible , " a spokesman for the team told Autosport.com . "  The plan is to contest the full FIA GT Series next year , as well as the Nurburgring 24 Hours , and then look to NASCAR after that . " In Vitantonio Liuzzi and Mathias Lauda the Austrian team boasts two drivers of considerable pedigree . F1 Inforgraphic : Deals on wheels Liuzzi spent six years in Formula One , including one season with Red Bull , while his teammate Lauda is the son of Austria 's triple F1 world champion Niki Lauda . Liuzzi and Lauda will be behind the wheel of a Ferrari 458 Italia when the team debuts in Slovakia this weekend . Three dates remain on the GT Series ' 2013 calendar , with Spain and Azerbaijan hosting races after Slovakia . Competing against Anderson 's team will be one led by rally driving legend Sebastian Loeb . The Frenchman won a record nine World Rally Championships in a row between 2004 and 2012 and now heads the Sebastian Loeb Racing team .	Pamela Anderson becomes joint owner of a racing team Former Baywatch star is fronting the Race Alliance FIA GT Series team Vitantonio Liuzzi and Mathias Lauda drive for the team Nine-time rally world champion Sebastian Loeb runs a competing team
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama won a battle against Somali pirates . But does he really want to go to war ? The USS Bainbridge tows a lifeboat in which the captain of the Maersk Alabama was held hostage . You may have seen the headlines in the last few days : a Somali pirate attack and hostage-taking ended with a precision operation by U.S. snipers and a successful rescue . Somali pirates have been the scourge of the Horn of Africa for years . They 've attacked dozens of ships and taken hundreds of hostages from several countries . The attack on the Maersk Alabama was the first on an American ship . But when it was over , Obama made a particularly broad pledge . "  We are resolved to halt the rise of piracy in that region , " Obama said . "  We 're going to have to continue to work with our partners to prevent future attacks . We have to continue to be prepared to confront them when they arise . " See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " Experts say that means addressing the anarchy ashore which allows the pirates to operate . Somalia is a failed state , where lawlessness is a license for every kind of criminal enterprise . James Christodoulou of Industrial Shipping Enterprises Corporation told CNN that if the US wants to do something about piracy , it has to "  go to Somalia and deal with the cause there . Whether it 's with bullets or butter , the solution lies on land not at sea . " The U.S. tried once before to impose order in Somalia , with disastrous results . It led a humanitarian mission to oversee the delivery of food aid that turned into an armed operation against local warlords . More than 40 U.S. personnel were killed before U.S. forces withdrew . That 's the challenge facing the leader of every nation whose ships have fallen prey to the pirates . An international effort has been underway to patrol the troubled waters . The French navy has been particularly active . But no one has rushed onto Somali soil . The Obama administration is already managing wars in two countries . Wait and see whether it 's really willing to risk a third .	President Barack Obama says U.S. is committed to tackling piracy off Somalia Hostage captain of U.S. cargo ship rescued in U.S. Navy operation this week But experts say tackling piracy on seas means tackling failed state of Somalia With wars in two countries , is Obama willing to risk getting involved in another ?
CNN  -- Travelers along I-20 in South Carolina looked up in disbelief and amazement Saturday as white flakes fell from the sky . And when they looked ahead they saw red -- red taillights . The earliest-ever snow in Columbia and that area of the Palmetto State had traffic backed up for hours in several spots . "  I  was just sitting and waiting , and not knowing  how much snow would fall  was the worst , " Steven Crouch told CNN affiliate WIS. . The station reported that it usually does n't freeze in Columbia until November 10 . Hundreds of customers were without power , WIS said . On Saturday , it only snowed a trace , according to the National Weather Service , but the slick conditions hampered travel . In other parts of the South , there was a lot more precipitation . Near Gatlinburg , Tennessee , there was 22 inches of snow , while areas around Asheville , North Carolina , received 5 inches . And man , was it cold -- at least for this time of year . It was a record low 41 in Daytona Beach , Florida , on Sunday . There was a hard freeze warning from Louisiana to North Carolina , and north to Ohio and Pennsylvania . Some parts of Florida were under frost advisories or freeze watches . The good news is , the cold spell should be short , CNN meteorologist Todd Borek said . Temperatures should moderate toward season averages beginning Monday , he said . Runners at the New York City Marathon are used to chilly temps , but the wind was terrible Sunday , with many gusts of more than 40 mph . One gust in Westchester County was recorded at 55 mph , the National Weather Service in New York said on Twitter . The culprit was a high-pressure system that was dragging air from Canada over the eastern half of the United States , Borek said .	It was 41 degrees in Daytona Beach , Florida , on Sunday morning Snow fell as far south as Columbia , South Carolina Temperatures should return to normal soon Fierce winds hit New York City Marathon
CNN  -- Nine-time winners Real Madrid were handed a monumental task as the draw for the group stages of this season 's Champions League was made in Monaco on Thursday . Jose Mourinho 's new charges were paired with seven-time winners AC Milan , four-time champions Ajax Amsterdam and French side Auxerre in Group G. Real have failed to progress beyond the last 16 knock out stages for the past six seasons , but will need to be at their best to reach the second round with only the top two from each of the eight groups going through . Title holders Inter Milan , coached to their triple triumph by Mourinho before he departed for the Bernabeu , have also been handed a difficult group . English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur , Bundesliga Werder Bremen and Dutch champions FC Twente will be their opponents in Group A. Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri said the two Milan clubs had been given very tough tests . "  Our group and Inter 's are definitely the most difficult , " he told AFP . "  It 's a group of death , but we 'll do what we need to . " The draw has also thrown up another "  Battle of Britain " with three-time champions Manchester United in Group C alongside Scottish champions Rangers . La Liga side Valencia and Champions League new boys Bursaspor of Turkey complete the group . The 2009 winners Barcelona , one of eight top seeds , have been installed as the early favorites after drawing Greek side Panathinaikos , FC Copenhagen of Denmark and Russian league winners Rubin Kazan in Group D . The opening set of group games will take place on September 14 and 15 , with the final scheduled for England 's famous Wembley stadium on May 28 , 2011 . Full draw : Group A Inter Milan  ITA Werder Bremen  GER Tottenham  ENG Twente  NED Group B Lyon  FRA Benfica  POR Schalke  GER Hapoel Tel-Aviv  ISR Group C Man Utd  ENG Valencia  ESP Rangers  SCO Bursaspor  TUR Group D Barcelona  ESP Panathinaikos  GRE Copenhagen  DEN Rubin Kazan  RUS Group E Bayern Munich  GER Roma  ITA Basel  SUI CFR Cluj  ROM Group F Chelsea  ENG Marseille  FRA Spartak Moscow  RUS Zilina  SVK Group G AC Milan  ITA Real Madrid  ESP Ajax  NED Auxerre  FRA Group H Arsenal  ENG Shakhtar Donetsk  UKR Sporting Braga  POR Partizan Belgrade  SRB	Real Madrid and AC Milan in same Group G in Champions League draw Ajax and Auxerre also in ` Group of Death ' who have won competition 20 times between them Champions Inter Milan to open against Tottenham , Werder Bremen and FC Twente Top two from each of eight groups go through to last 16 knockout stage
CNN  -- Jerry goes through test after test , only to be told he has "  chest pain . " "  Why ca n't my doctors tell me what 's wrong ? " he says . Danielle has a headache . Her doctor orders a CAT scan and spinal tap . "  Do I really need these tests ? " she asks . We are two ER physicians who see our patients becoming increasingly frustrated at getting more tests , but fewer answers . Jerry 's doctors are taught to not tell him what he has ; Danielle does n't necessarily need invasive tests , but she does need her doctor to listen to her . The skyrocketing cost of health care is in the news every day : $ 2.7 trillion spent on health care , 18 cents of every dollar , with up to a third of medical costs wasted . But the problem goes much deeper than cost . More than 100,000 Americans die from medical error every year , with the majority of error attributed to mistakes in diagnosis . Every day , patients are going undiagnosed or misdiagnosed despite doctors ' increasing reliance on tests , a large number of which are probably unnecessary . 10 shocking medical mistakes Patients feel increasingly out of control and out of touch with their own health . Well-intended doctors try their best , but they , too , are trapped in a dysfunctional system , which , at least on the surface , appears to reward "  cookbook medicine , " which regards all individuals as alike , and punish good judgment . How can we move past this stalemate ? We believe that patients hold the key . The patient empowerment movement has traditionally been focused on getting information to make better treatment decisions . But taking control of your health care begins with something even more fundamental : You have to advocate for getting the diagnosis right . To do this , you have to speak up and be heard , so that your doctor can hear your story and partner with you to arrive at an accurate diagnosis . The next time you are at the doctor , try our approach to building this partnership -- the 8 Pillars to Better Diagnosis : 1 . Tell your whole story . Studies have shown that more than 80 % of diagnoses can be made based on history alone . Unfortunately , doctors sometimes seem to want to steer you toward a cookbook "  chief complaint " or a series of "  yes/no " answers . Learn to tell a succinct , effective story . Prepare and rehearse it . 2 . Assert yourself in the doctor 's thought process . Find out what your doctor is thinking as you recount your history , and let your doctor know what 's on your mind . If you 're not starting out on the same wavelength , it 's hard to develop that crucial partnership . 3 . Participate in your physical exam . If you 're being examined , make sure you know what the doctor is looking for . Do n't be afraid to ask about the implications of any findings . 4 . Make a differential diagnosis together . A "  differential diagnosis " is just the list of all the possible diagnoses that could explain your symptoms . Make sure you and your doctor come up with a thorough list , with some estimate of the likelihood of each possible diagnosis . Keep asking what else could be going on . 5 . Partner in the decision-making process . Devise a strategy with your doctor for narrowing down the list of possible diagnoses . By partnering with your doctor , you can often arrive at a working diagnosis without a lot of tests . 6 . Apply tests rationally . If you do need to undergo further testing , you should understand how a particular test will help narrow down your differential and what the risks and alternatives are . Look out for "  cookbook medicine , " and make sure your doctor is tailoring an approach that works for you . 7 . Use common sense . You should n't leave the doctor without a working diagnosis that makes sense to you . Do n't just assume the doctor must be right . If the picture does n't add up , go back to the drawing board . 8 . Integrate diagnosis into the healing process . Talk through your diagnosis with your doctor and make sure you understand its predicted course . What treatment options do you have , and what risks and benefits do they carry ? If your working diagnosis turns out to be wrong , what warning signs should you be on the lookout for ? Our "  8 Pillars " approach empowers patients to participate with their doctors in the diagnostic process . Opinion : Is your hospital hurting you ? To be sure , doctors need to be more effective communicators , and we need a health care system that appropriately rewards partnerships with patients . But patients ca n't afford to wait for doctors to improve and the health care system to be reformed . Your health , and that of your loved ones , is on the line . It 's up to you to take an active role and ensure that your doctor is listening . You can be , and must be , your own best advocate when it comes to partnering with your doctor and getting to the right diagnosis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Leana Wen and Dr. Joshua Kosowsky .	Patients are getting frustrated at more tests and fewer answers Authors say doctors are trapped in a dysfunctional system that values "  cookbook medicine " Using 8 Pillars to Better Diagnosis can help you work with your doctor
Mukono , Uganda  CNN  -- A pastor rebuked homosexuals at the funeral of a Ugandan gay rights activist , prompting chaos as sympathizers stormed the pulpit and grabbed his microphone away . David Kato , 46 , a prominent rights campaigner in the east African nation , was beaten to death with a hammer this week in his house near the the capital , Kampala . His name and photo were printed on the cover of a tabloid newspaper late last year that called for gays to be executed under a banner that read : "  Hang them . " His funeral spiraled into chaos after the pastor denounced homosexuals , saying they "  would go to hell . " Mayhem ensued as mourners took away the pastor 's microphone and police whisked him away from the angry crowds . A sympathetic Anglican bishop stepped in and laid Kato to rest as hundreds gathered Friday in the small hillside village outside the capital , Kampala . Mourners included embassy staff and diplomats from various countries , and members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community . Activists wore black T-shirts with Kato 's picture on it and rainbow colored-flags associated with the gay pride . Tears -- and tributes -- flowed as family members wailed while others collapsed . A statement was read from U.S. President Barack Obama , who condemned the killing and urged authorities to swiftly bring the perpetrators to justice . Police have said initial investigations are focusing on robbery in Kato 's rough Mukono neighborhood , but rights activists said he was a victim of homophobia . One suspect -- Kato 's driver -- has been arrested while another man is still at large , authorities said . The second suspect is an ex-convict who was staying with Kato before his death . Human rights activist Naomi Ruzindana said the killing is not a robbery gone wrong . "  I do n't think it 's a coincidence that it happened ... he had got threats over and again , " she said . Earlier this year , Kato and two activists won a case against the magazine that published the list . The court ruled that media in Uganda are barred from releasing details of known or potential homosexuals in the country . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . Ugandan lawmakers shelved a controversial "  anti-gay " proposal introduced in 2009 that would impose tough penalties against homosexuality -- including life imprisonment and the death penalty .	Pastor berates homosexuals , says they 'll "  go to hell " Mourners storm the pulpit and take away his microphone The prominent Ugandan gay rights activist faced threats after his picture was published in a magazine The magazine called for gays to be executed
CNN  -- The New York Giants ' unlikely win over the New England Patriots is already being called one of the biggest shockers in Super Bowl history , and the amazing catch David Tyree made to set up the game-winning touchdown wo n't be forgotten anytime soon . Pint-sized Giants fans , Luka and Kristian Radovich , celebrate after Plaxico Burress ' game-winning catch . CNN.com reader Michael Heitman , of Baxter , Tennessee , will remember Super Bowl XLII for more than the 17-14 score . "  Our 13-month-old daughter took her first steps during the second half . Apparently , so did the Giants offense . Congrats to the Giants from a Cowboys fan , " he said . David Marks , of Duquesne , Pennsylvania , said it was "  one of the best football games I 'd ever seen , " but said watching the game with his family had some drawbacks . "  I was not able to enjoy the commercials as much because my mom would n't stop yakking away , " he said . "  She 's 80 years old and I did n't want to say anything at first -- you do n't know how much longer you have your mom at that age . But finally after a quarter and a half , I had to ask her to pipe down . " Watch some of the pre-game festivities " Dan Nash , of Santa Monica , California , did n't have that problem . "  It would be nice to see the GAME a little more , " he said adding that "  every 10 seconds  or less  , we 're watching ads ! Kickoff ... three ads . Punt ... three ads . Flag on the play ... two ads . " Here is a sampling of our readers ' reaction to the game : Russell Giuliano of Middletown , New Jersey I have seen every Super Bowl , and this was the best ever , even better than No. 3 with Namath . Dave Viscusi of Schenectady , New York That was one of the best Super Bowls/Super Bowl parties I have ever been to . We made 4 different kinds of pizza  BBQ chicken , cheese , sausage and peppers  , boneless buffalo wings , BBQ ribs , chips of all kinds , apple martinis , some beer and topped off the Giants victory with some CHAMPAGNE ! GO G-Men ... Eli deserves every ounce of credit he gets for this Super Bowl ... Way to throw it right in the arrogant Patriots ' face ! Ricardo Gomez of Buenos Aires , Argentina I 'm a big Pats fan , and I was sad to see that last play when Manning escapes the Pats ' defense and throw that pass , the one that put the GIANTS OFFENSE so close to the touchdown . Anyway , I think Pats are still the best team in the league , and I was there that snowy night when Brady got us to the Super Bowl at the last second with  Adam Vinatieri kicking  that amazing field goal ! So GO PATS ! GO !!! Irving Horowitz of Princeton , New Jersey There are three sport moments in my life that I will take to my grave with a broad grin and deep pleasure : The first was the Bobby Thompson home run for the New York  Baseball  Giants in 1951 to defeat the Dodgers ; a varsity game while I was at Hobart & William Smith when , as a member of the faculty and staff , we defeated a first-class varsity team in 1962 and I made the winning basket with 28 seconds on the clock  I have the press clippings to prove this  ; and the biggest thrill of them all : Watching the New York  Football  Giants win Super Bowl XLII against the New England Patriots . When Bob Tisch spoke of "  this win is for all Giant fans who , for the past 30 years , supported the team at Giants Stadium , and before that at the Yankee Stadium , and for those who still remember being part of the Giants at the Polo Grounds , " I felt that he spoke directly to me . After all , I am actually about a year or two older than the franchise ... Wow ! 2008 is already a good year -- a good omen for America . Monique Mondesire of Bronx , New York I 'm a 26-year-old female who really does n't put much thought into sports , but that was the best Super Bowl game I have ever seen in my life . I had faith that it would happen , but the way it happened was priceless . I 'm very proud to be a New Yorker and a new Giants fan . To all the New Yorkers that lost their bets yesterday , in the words of Don Corleone , "  Never go against the family . " Lisa Ciacci of Brooklyn , New York As a die-hard Cowboys fan , I may have been the most unlikely N.Y. Giants fan last night . I could not be happier for this team . They played their hearts out in quite possibly the best game I have ever watched . Eli Manning came of age before our very eyes and proves once again that he is truly a class act . I hope this loss haunts the Patriots forever . They were n't good enough to beat the Giants last night nor will they ever be . This city will surely explode at tomorrow 's parade -- it 's good to be in New York ! GO GIANTS ! E-mail to a friend	Ultimate Super Bowl party : Four kinds of pizza and a Giants ' win "  It 's good to be in New York , " reader says One fan 's daughter took first steps in second half I-Report : Have a story to share ? Send it to us
Editor 's note : Brian Levin is a professor of criminal justice at California State University , San Bernardino and director of the university 's Center for the Study of Hate & Extremism . Michael Stoops is executive director of the National Coalition for the Homeless in Washington . Brian Levin says the homeless are excluded from lessons on tolerance and are n't protected by hate crime laws . CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Over the last two calendar years , more Americans in the United States were killed in a little-noticed spate of unprovoked attacks than were killed by terrorists , in large commercial jet crashes or in racial hate crimes . Since 1999 , more than 240 vulnerable homeless Americans have been stabbed , beaten , drowned , shot or burned to death in a revolting display of one of the last socially tolerated prejudices , this one based on class . Despite being prime targets of prejudice and violence , particularly in today 's youth subculture , the homeless are routinely excluded from lessons related to tolerance , as well as from official data collection and hate-crime penalty enhancement laws . A newly released report from the National Coalition for the Homeless documented 27 unprovoked , apparently bias-related homicides by attackers in the United States last year , down one from the previous year and the second-highest number of killings since 2001 . After bottoming mid-decade , the number killed has not dipped below 20 a year since 2005 . In contrast , the FBI documented only 12 hate-crime homicides nationally for the two most recently available calendar years combined . According to the NCH and the Center for the Study of Hate & Extremism , nearly 2 1/2 times more homeless people in America have been killed over the past 10 years in apparent unprovoked bias homicides than the total for all the other hate - crime homicides -- on the basis of race , religion , national origin , disability and sexual orientation -- combined . Like other hate crime perpetrators , these attackers are typically young male "  thrill offenders " seeking excitement , with 58 percent of assailants over the past 10 years falling in the 13-19 age range . In 2006 , three teenagers out for fun attacked homeless people in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , with baseball bats , killing one of their victims , 45-year-old Norris Gaynor . One pleaded guilty and the two others were convicted of murder last September after the jury saw graphic surveillance tape of one of their nonlethal beatings from earlier in the evening . These attacks exclude the large number of other types of crimes involving the homeless , such as personal disputes , homeless-on-homeless violence , robbery , drugs or murder for life insurance proceeds . The August issue of Maxim , a youth-oriented magazine targeted at college-aged males , joked about last weekend 's National Hobo Convention in Britt , Iowa , in a blurb titled "  Hunt the Homeless . " The journal quipped "  Kill one for fun . We 're 87 percent sure it 's legal . " In previous violent attacks , some assailants have referenced degrading and violent depictions in popular culture such as "  Bumfights " either during their crimes or in subsequent interviews with authorities , with some even filming the events . "  Bumfights " is a popular violent video series that sold hundreds of thousands of tapes and DVDs before going viral on the Internet . The film series sets a new low in American popular culture , featuring fights between homeless men plied by the producers with alcohol , as well as sadistic parodies of the late Australian conservationist "  crocodile hunter " Steve Irwin . These "  skits " feature terrified sleeping homeless people who are startled awake and forcibly restrained with duct tape by "  hunters " narrating their attacks with feigned Australian accents . Samuel Bowhay of Grinnell College found almost 86,000 videos on YouTube last month with "  bum " in the title , thousands more than videos with other derogatory prejudiced epithets . While homeless advocates lack the political and financial infrastructure often needed to institute policy reform , the frequency and brutality of the bias attacks have renewed focus on the nature of this violent form of prejudice and ways to address it . Last week , District of Columbia Mayor Adrian Fenty signed legislation adding homeless status to the district 's hate-crime law . Maryland , an early adopter of such measures in the 1980s , will join Maine in adding homeless status to its hate-crime law on October 1 . Other jurisdictions such as Alaska ; Puerto Rico ; Los Angeles County , California ; and Seattle , Washington , also have taken various steps to recognize homeless status in their laws , data collection , educational efforts or procedures . In almost a dozen other states , including California , Texas , South Carolina and Florida , legislation has been introduced over the past three years to add homeless status to their hate-crime laws as well . Nationally , Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas has introduced legislation to add homelessness to federal hate-crime laws and data-collection efforts . These efforts are long overdue . A primary purpose of hate-crime laws is the targeted deterrent message to would-be offenders that they face real punishment and social disapproval . Moreover , the key criminological criteria for coverage in hate-crime law apply seamlessly to homeless status as well : 1 . a significant additional risk of violent victimization ; 2 . discriminatory selection ; 3 . established prejudice against a socially identifiable class ; 4 . identical offenders such as bigoted skinheads or young male thrill offenders who share identifiable characteristics and motivations . Arguments against including provisions in hate-crime laws for the homeless are recycled ones that were initially used unsuccessfully against other groups , like gays and lesbians . Too many additional groups dilute the laws , or homelessness is a changeable condition that most people would n't want , they argue . The fact is , millions of Americans have changed their religious affiliation and yet , just about all hate crime laws cover faith . Disability is a characteristic that , like homelessness , most people would not seek out , yet it too is covered . Adding the homeless to hate-crime laws , tolerance education and data-collection efforts must not be obstructed . When hate makes a fist , the laws of a civilized society must decisively block the blow in the most forceful and unambiguous way possible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Levin and Michael Stoops . Reuters contributed to this report .	Levin , Stoops : Homeless are n't protected by hate-crime laws or tolerance lessons They say new report documents disturbing level of violence vs. homeless They say popular culture leads some to think of hunting homeless as a sport Levin , Stoops : Laws must forcefully block violence against homeless
CNN  -- The world saw him first blackened and bloated , his body marred by cuts , bruises and shrapnel that sliced through his flesh . That was a decade ago , when Peter Hughes was one of many Australian vacationers in the Indonesian island resort of Kuta . It had been just after 11 p.m. , as he was about to reach for his Bintang beer at bustling Paddy 's Bar , that the first of three bombs blew up . Hughes figures the suicide bomber must have been just a few feet from him . He felt a woman crashing into him . He saw dust , embers and then everything went black and silent . "  There was a moment there where it seemed nothing was happening , " he recalled . Until the second bomb . Hughes was struggling to get out of Paddy 's when a car bomb went off at a nearby nightclub . A third bomb went off later , near the U.S. Consulate in Renon , a suburb of Denpasar , police said . His body was 50 percent burned . His left calf was blown off . A shard of glass had lodged in his stomach . Cameras captured Hughes ' ordeal . "  I could n't feel the pain because of the shock , " he said . In hospital , Hughes fell into a coma for almost three weeks and went into cardiac arrest three times . But he survived . He learned to walk again , talk again . To smell . To taste . But he will never fully recover , he said . How could anyone after something like that ? Now 52 , he goes on with his construction business in Perth . And he 's become a motivational speaker and written a book , "  Back From the Dead . " Thursday , Hughes awaited news of the fate of Umar Patek , an Indonesian man accused of assembling the bombs used in the 2002 Bali attacks . Three of the bombing masterminds -- Imam Samudra , Amrozi bin Nurhasyim and Ali Ghufron -- were executed in 2008 . Hughes wished the same sentence for Patek . "  Look , he 's the highest level of criminal , I think , " Hughes said . "  Someone who does something premeditated like that deserves the death penalty . He 's not to be trusted . " When it was announced that Patek will serve 20 years in jail , Hughes was disappointed . At least the court found Patek guilty , Hughes said . "  We have to go along with the judges ' ruling , " he said . He hopes that Patek will not be treated very well in jail . That 's what Hughes will cling to as he goes on with his life . As the 10th anniversary of the Bali bombings approaches , Hughes lives with the scars everyone can see . "  Sometimes it 's a battle to prepare your body . If you go to the gym , when you go for a walk , " he says . And then there are scars that are invisible , like the anxiety of being in crowded places . He reminds himself : "  I 'm a lot better off than the people who died . " He laughs with the friends who also survived the Bali bombings . They understand . He 's been back to Indonesia 25 times since 2002 . He likes to confront his demons , not avoid them . But October 12 , 2002 , will forever be a marking point , like a huge blip that went off the charts of his life . "  It was heartbreaking , " he said . It 's a memory that no guilty verdict or punishment can ever make better . It will stay with him always .	Peter Hughes was badly injured and was in a coma for nearly three weeks He was one of many Australians on holiday in Bali at the time of the bombings 10 years on , Hughes life is forever changed He is disappointed that accused bombmaker Umar Patek was not sentenced to death
CNN  -- With the presidential race heading into its final stretch , both candidates vow to protect the sacred promises made to military families . But neither is offering any details on how they might support military families if we hit a fiscal cliff with budget cuts that could wipe out services for military and veterans ' families . Month after month , in the midst of a heated presidential and congressional pre-election cycle , we see no organized blueprint to integrate millions of military family members into civilian society . Since 2001 , more than 2 million troops have returned from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . They have spent less time at home than service members in the past because of frequent deployments , making readjustment and life at home for families harder than ever . Today , as the military drawdown in Afghanistan proceeds , tens of thousands of military members are returning to uncertainty about their and their families ' future . What services will be cut ? Will it be medical care , mental health services or school supports for children ? The Republican National Convention barely mentioned military and veteran families . The Democratic National Convention was a great homage to our vets but did n't revealed specific plans for programs that President Barack Obama would support . After more than 10 years of war in Iraq and men and women in uniform continuing to die in Afghanistan , this silence on a national plan or funding for services only increases the stress and uncertainty that military families feel every day . With all the public celebration of military families on the campaign trail , this lack of proposals for new resources or a detailed plan of how federal agencies will coordinate the integration of returning troops seems like a violation of our nation 's promise and its social contract with the millions of brave warriors and their families . No one doubts Republicans and Democrats honor and care about military families . But words and public recognition are not enough . "  Joining Forces , " led by Michelle Obama and Jill Biden , is the Obama administration 's broad initiative involving the public and private sectors to help provide services and opportunities for military members and their families . Last year , this campaign waged by large corporations , nonprofit organizations and universities raised the visibility of the needs of military families and veterans . This national leadership is exactly what we need as a nation . But it is not enough . It must be on a much larger scale , backed up with federal resources . Obama 's directive last year that all federal agencies cooperate and use existing resources to help military families was also a huge step in the right direction . But keeping that sacred vow to military and veteran families will require a federally led partnership with civilian society that provides full spectrum of programs designed to make the transition from military member to civilian a smooth one . Both parties seem to be waiting for the elections to be over and are accepting the possibility of deep , across-the-board cuts in the Department of Defense if Congress does n't reach a budget compromise during the post-election period . But before the election , both candidates should provide detailed plans or at least debate their stance on federally supported programs for military and veteran families . Our political leaders should be striving to expand Veterans Administration services to meet the growing demand . At minimum , those leaving the military need the education , employment , health and mental health services they were promised . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ron Astor .	Ron Astor : We need plans to provide services for returning vets if defense is deeply cut Astor : Candidates laud military members but provide no detailed plans for re-integration Tens of thousands back from wars wonder what services will survive , he says Astor : Obama "  Joining Forces " is great , but it needs to be expanded with federal funds
CNN  -- After conquering the race track , superstar colt Frankel is set to become one of the most sought-after gigolos on the planet -- and his rival 's mum could be the perfect love match . In a plot reminiscent of a daytime soap opera , champion race horse Frankel would be an ideal mate to rival Black Caviar 's mum , experts say . Frankel wrapped up his stellar career in the Champion Stakes at Ascot on Saturday with an unblemished 14-win record , while Australian mare Black Caviar also remains unbeaten in 22 races . The two highest-rated race horses in the world had been tipped to meet in the breeding sheds once six-year-old Black Caviar also retired . But the "  Brangelina " of the racing world would n't necessarily produce champion bundles of joy . In fact , distance runner Frankel may be better suited to Black Caviar 's mum -- 11-year-old Australian mare Helsinge . "  To be honest , Frankel and Black Caviar 's bloodlines are n't ideally suited , " Richard Andrews , of Racing Victoria in Australia , told CNN , when asked if the equine equivalent of Hollywood stars Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie was on the cards . "  I would have their genetic make-up tested using the Equinome method -- this would ascertain if Frankel has any sprinting or middle distance genes in him . "  Otherwise a pure stayer to a pure sprinter could end up with a slow horse . " Black Caviar 's co-owner Neil Warrett had hinted that Frankel may be a good match , telling Australian newspaper The Age : "  We would consider going to Frankel because he is clearly the best distance horse in the world . " But it seems Black Caviar 's mother Helsinge may be better suited to the task . She has already proved herself to be a wonder mom , giving birth to successful racing horses Moshe and All Too Hard . Her recent foal , the half-sister to Black Caviar , sold for $ 2.6 million at auction in April . Four-year-old Frankel earned Saudi owner Prince Khalid Abdullah more than $ 4 million in prize money on the race track . But even greater returns await in his new life as a stud , with thoroughbred owners across the world sending in their mares ' CV 's in the hope of securing a date with arguably the greatest race horse of all time . The British horse is expected to start his new duties in February , commanding a fee of $ 160,000 each time he sires a foal . And with three to four mares falling under Frankel spell every day , the colt could notch up $ 16 million each year -- depending on his libido and fertility . Mating usually takes place in a special breeding shed , with handlers overseeing the union . The mare will have thick padding placed on her back and hind feet to guard against injury of the expensive thoroughbreds . Should he fail to rise to the occasion , Frankel may well return to the race course , as other champion thoroughbreds have done in the past . For now , Frankel will have a few weeks rest before he heads to pastures new -- at Banstead Manor Stud , Cheveley - part of the Juddmonte Farms breeding arm of Abdullah 's racing operation . Frankel is quite the catch for equine cupids -- his father was 2001 Epsom Derby winner Galileo , while his mother Kind won six races during her career . "  As with most bluebloods , Frankel 's colt would potentially be worth tens of millions of dollars , " Andrews said . "  As a yearling  a race horse between one and two-years-old  , it could be worth $ 3 million to $ 10 million -- depending on a potential bidding war between Ireland 's Coolmore Stud Farm and Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum 's Darley Stud Farm . " There 's no guaranteeing the quality of Frankel 's offspring . But if his parents are anything to go by -- father Galileo had huge stamina , while mother Kind possessed speed -- older female Helisinge may prove to be a match made in heaven .	Champion race horse Frankel one of the world 's most sought-after mates Had been tipped to breed with Black Caviar in "  Brangelina " union of the racing world But experts say Frankel better suited to Black Caviar 's mother -- 11-year-old mare Helsinge Frankel expected to breed with up to four mares a day , earning $ 160,000 each time
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cubans are used to the mundane inconvenience of brief , localized power outages that regularly hit the country 's aging electricity grid , but the large blackout that plunged the western part of the Caribbean island into darkness Sunday night was unusual . More than 2 million residents of the capital , Havana , lost electricity , except for those at hospitals and other places with generators , a government spokesman , who was not identified per government policy , said late Sunday . Residents elsewhere in the socialist-ruled nation , including in Ciego de Avila in central Cuba , also said they did n't have any power , except for a few pockets of light . By early Monday , power began to return to homes in Havana and elsewhere after several hours of outage . The website of the state-run newspaper Trabajadores reported an outage on a 220,000-volt transmission line between Ciego de Avila and Santa Clara that affected service from Pinar del Rio -- the area on the western tip of the long , slender island -- as far east as Camaguey . The brief report late Sunday said that the incident was under investigation and that workers were trying to restore power . The streets of Havana lost electricity around 8 p.m. Residents of the capital took the outage in stride , congregating on the stoops of buildings in search of cooler air on a warm , humid night . The dark streets were quiet early Monday , save for the hum of loud generators every few blocks . Massive outages on this scale are rare in Cuba , unless a big storm passes over the island . Weather reports for Havana indicated partly cloudy conditions on Sunday night with temperatures in the high 70s . Temperatures were forecast to hover around 90 degrees Fahrenheit on Monday .	NEW : Power begins to return to Havana and other areas early Monday State media report an outage on a transmission line The outage affects a region from the western tip of the island to near the center Havana residents gather outside , seeking cooler air on a humid night
Tokyo  CNN  -- Authorities in Japan raised the prospect Friday of a likely breach in the all-important containment vessel of the No. 3 reactor at the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , a potentially ominous development in the race to prevent a large-scale release of radiation . Contaminated water likely seeped through the containment vessel protecting the reactor 's core , said Hidehiko Nishiyama of the Japan Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency . Three employees working near the No. 3 reactor Thursday stepped into water that had 10,000 times the amount of radiation typical for a nuclear plant , Nishiyama said . An analysis of the contamination suggests "  some sort of leakage " from the reactor core , signaling a possible break of the containment vessel that houses the core , he said . The workers have been hospitalized and work inside the reactor building has been halted , according to the agency . Work inside two other reactor buildings also had to stop and workers had to be pulled back Friday after the discovery of high levels of radiation in water at those locations , a Tokyo Electric Power Company official said Saturday . Water is still being pumped into the containment vessels , the utility official said . Nuclear power experts cautioned against reading too much into the newest development , saying the workers exposed to radioactive water might not suffer injuries any more serious than a sunburn . Moreover , evidence of radioactivity in the water around the plant is not necessarily surprising given the amount of water sprayed onto and pumped into the reactors , said Ian Hutchinson , professor of nuclear science and engineering at the Massachusetts institute of Technology . "  I am not particularly alarmed , " he said . The reactor thought to be leaking contaminated water is the same one cited in the dramatic evacuation last week of a small crew of workers who had stayed behind after the plant 's owner pulled most employees from the area . The workers were pulled back March 16 after white smoke began billowing from the reactor and radiation levels spiked . At the time , the Japanese nuclear safety agency said it suspected damage to No. 3 's containment vessel , but a government spokesman the next day said there had been no indication of a "  major breach of containment . " That reactor is of particular concern , experts have said , because it is the only one at the plant to use a combination of uranium and plutonium fuel , called MOX , that is considered to be more dangerous than the pure uranium fuel used in other reactors . Plant workers were also carefully watching the plant 's No. 1 reactor , concerned that an increase in pressure noted inside that reactor could be a troublesome sign . Earlier , buildups of hydrogen gas had driven up pressure that led to explosions at three of the nuclear plant 's reactors , including the No. 1 unit . Nishiyama conceded that "  controlling the temperature and pressure has been difficult " for that reactor , which on Friday had been declared stable . The hospitalized employees were working to reconnect power to the No. 3 reactor building when they encountered water that was about 5 inches  15 centimeters  deep . Water rushed over the boots of two workers , who may have received what is called a "  beta burn . " The third worker had taller boots but was hospitalized as a precaution , according to Nishiyama . The men were exposed to the water for 40 to 50 minutes , said Tokyo Electric , which owns the plant . The workers may have ignored alarms on devices intended to measure radiation levels , believing the readings to be wrong , said the International Atomic Energy Agency , citing Japanese authorities . The two workers whose skin was exposed to the contaminated water had the highest levels of radiation recorded so far , the power company said . One , in his 30s , was exposed to 180.7 millisieverts and the other , in his 20s , tested at 179.37 millisieverts . Nishiyama said the third man -- who was exposed to 173 millisieverts but at first did not go to the hospital because his boots were high enough to prevent water from touching his skin -- has also gone to the same research hospital out of "  an abundance of caution . " Beta rays given off by radioactive substances do n't penetrate deeply into materials , including flesh , said Nolan Hertel , a professor nuclear engineering at Georgia Tech . Consequently , the danger is relatively limited , he said . "  Basically , a beta burn would be akin to a bad sunburn , " he said . Some 17 people have been exposed to 100 or more millisieverts of radiation since the plant 's crisis began two weeks ago following a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami struck . A person in an industrialized country is naturally exposed to 3 millisieverts of radiation a year . But Japan 's Health Ministry recently raised the maximum level of exposure for a person working to address the crisis at the nuclear plant to a rate of 250 millisieverts per year from the previous 100-millisievert standard . In the Fukushima Prefecture where the plant is located , officials had screened 87,813 people for radiation exposure as of Thursday , NISA said in a news release . Of those 98 people had tested above limits for exposure , but once their clothes were removed and other measures taken , the exposure levels dropped and there was no effect on health . The agency also said screeners have examined thyroid glands of 66 children ranging in age from 1 to 15 and found that the "  level of exposure of no problem . " The thyroid gland , particularly in children , can readily absorb radiation , health experts say . It 's not entirely clear where the contaminants in the water came from , according to Nishiyama . But he said that based on the composition of the radioactive material in the water , the likely source appears to be the reactor core and not the open-air spent fuel pool onto which workers have sprayed tons of water in recent days in an effort to keep it cool . He said it if the water is from the reactor core , the problem may not be a crack in containment vessel , but rather seepage from vents or valves . The containment vessel is still holding pressure , he said , a sign that it may not be cracked . The incident raised questions about radiation control measures at the plant as 536 people -- including government authorities and firefighters -- continued working there Friday , according to an official with Tokyo Electric . The high measure prompted a top official with Nishiyama 's agency to urge Tokyo Electric to "  improve its radiation management measures . " Workers are undertaking various measures to prevent the further release of radioactive substances into the air and beyond . Nishiyama said officials hope to start pumping in fresh water -- rather than the corrosive seawater they have been using -- to cool the spent-fuel pool at the No. 1 reactor and other locations . Such pools have nuclear fuel rods that can emit radiation if the water that normally surrounds them leaks out or boils off , which is more likely to happen without any functional cooling system in place . Switching to fresh water , instead of seawater , is also a priority for the No. 2 reactor 's core  as well as for its spent fuel pool  , Nishiyama said . The aim is to prevent further corrosion and damage inside , which may be worsened by the buildup of salt . A U.S. military barge loaded with fresh water to help cool the reactors left Yokosuka Navy Base at 11 a.m. , said Jose Schmitt , commander of Fleet Activities at Yokosuka . A Japanese ship will escort the barge to the Fukushima plant ; U.S. personnel are not involved in the escort or distribution of the water , according to Maj. Joseph Macri , a spokesman for U.S. Forces Japan . The U.S. military assistance follows a request by Japanese government and utility authorities for large amounts of fresh water . Beyond the seawater/saltwater issue , water in and around the Nos. 1 and 2 reactors had "  high radiation levels , " Nishiyama said Friday -- though not as high as that of the No. 3 unit . Thursday 's incident has further made the latter reactor a prime focus , and Nishiyama said Friday that "  radiation levels are high " in some locales near that unit . He said that authorities were considering "  other routes " to accomplish their goals of restarting the cooling systems around No. 3 , keeping its spent nuclear fuel pool in check and other aims . Later in the day , Nishiyama said authorities had n't yet determined how to get around the obstacle . Firefighters from Tokyo and Kawasaki were expected to resume spraying toward the No. 3 reactor and its fuel pool on Friday afternoon , according to Nishiyama . Efforts also continue at the Nos. 4 , 5 and 6 reactors -- each of which have their own concerns , though less pronounced because the units were on scheduled outages when the quake struck . None of these three units had nuclear fuel inside their reactors , though efforts are ongoing to control temperatures inside the spent fuel pools . On Friday morning , a concrete pump truck was used once again to inject seawater into the No. 4 unit 's fuel pool . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	NEW : Japan nuclear agency : Screeners have examined 87,813 people for exposure NEW : Work stops at two other reactors with high radiation levels in water , utility says Discovery of contaminated water suggests nuclear core leak , Japan officials say Three workers who stepped in the water were exposed to radiation
CNN  -- In the absence of any serious Democratic opposition , Hillary Clinton appears to have decided to run against Barack Obama in the 2016 primaries . An interview with Jeffrey Goldberg in the Atlantic revealed her frustrations with the over-caution of the White House . Its maxim "  do n't do stupid stuff " might display post-Bush wisdom , says Clinton , but it also betrays a lack of a plan : "  Great nations need organizing principles , and ` Do n't do stupid stuff ' is not an organizing principle , " she said . Clinton would have gone harder into Syria , for example , and armed the democratic opposition early on . The message is that while Obama has somewhat withdrawn America from global war games , she would like it to take a lead . Annie Oakley is back . At the time the interview was conducted , poor Clinton could not have known that events were about to blunt her criticism .  A spokesman for Clinton said Tuesday that Clinton "  called President Obama to make sure he knows that nothing she said was an attempt to attack him , his policies , or his leadership , " according to Politico . Now that U.S. planes are bombing Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , forces in northern Iraq and aid is finally reaching the persecuted religious minorities stranded in the wilderness , Obama 's defenders could argue that he 's displaying exactly the kind of leadership Clinton accuses him of lacking . Yet , her charge still stands . Consider the wider fate of the Arab world in the past six years . The Arab Spring promised a new era of democracy and better relations with the West . Few of its revolutions worked , many were betrayed by the foreigners who should 've been friends . The United States rather arbitrarily decided to help topple Moammar Gadhafi in Libya , resulting in an anarchic situation today that is being exploited by a mix of Islamists and warlords . The administration was less certain of what it wanted in Egypt , vacillating between support for the protesters to support for the army -- and a failed experiment in Islamic democracy gave way to a return of the generals . In Syria , as Clinton suggests , the United States watched as Bashar al-Assad slaughtered the opposition . In Bahrain , it did worse : Arms sales from America rose prior to the regime 's brutal crackdown on protesters . And even as Saudi Arabia continues to export its apocalyptic version of fundamentalist Islam , the U.S. government sells it billions of dollars worth of weapons . The greatest failure has surely been in Iraq , because it is the country for which America bears the greatest responsibility . Obama 's actions over the weekend are necessary and just . The world can not tolerate the slaughter of thousands of religious minorities , the collapse of Baghdad or the invasion of the Kurdish homeland . So , well done , Obama , for sending in the planes . But when he was pressed at a press conference on why U.S. troops were not already in Iraq and , by implication , why the United States had stood back as the situation deteriorated , the President economized with the truth . He insisted that it was "  not my decision " to withdraw troops . Yet he ran for office on quitting Iraq in 2008 , then celebrated having done so in 2012 , even as -- as Patrick Brennan argues in National Review -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki was prepared to negotiate on maintaining a U.S. presence . "  Maliki was willing to accept a deal with U.S. forces if it was worth it to him â $ " the problem was that the Obama administration wanted a small force so that it could say it had ended the war , " he writes . "  Having a very small American force was n't worth the domestic political price Maliki would have to pay for supporting their presence . " In short , Obama 's claim that withdrawal from Iraq was forced upon him is hard to believe . He was elected and re-elected as the anti-Iraq war president  it 's why he deserves some credit for having the courage to return to the country today  . Clinton is right that Obama has hung back from action . But the very fact that he was elected and then re-elected on a broadly anti-intervention ticket suggests that this is what the people wanted . And therein lies the problem with Clinton 's critique . Foreign policy rarely functions separately from the domestic political context : Presidents typically only do what they think they can get away with . There was appetite for military adventures after 9/11 ; there is little post-Iraq . That 's borne out in the polling and by the lack of political support for action in Syria . It 's all very well for Clinton to talk of high-mindedness in pre-primary season , but she 'll find that does not go down so well in New Hampshire in 2014 and probably wo n't be popular in the general election or inside the White House . And rightly so . Had the United States involved itself in the Syrian conflict , it would have been picking sides in a brutal civil war with few heroes to choose from . So how does the United States -- undoubtedly a "  great nation " -- handle foreign crises in an age of doubt ? The problem is that no politician , Democrat or Republican , has yet managed to articulate a vision for an America that does believe in things worth fighting for yet which picks its battles with incredible care . Obama 's presidency has been too reactive , Clinton is now laying out a plan that sounds a little too proactive . What a pity that so few are saying , "  The U.S. is powerful and , because of that , has a responsibility to support democracy where it can . But we can not always presume success and history teaches that going it alone comes at a heavy price . " Or , what would be so wrong about pursuing a strategy that asserts that if the United States can not do much good then it at least will do as little evil as possible -- starting by refusing to provide arms to Arab dictators who torture their own people and export terror ? Alas , all too often the only choice American voters are given is between playing the world 's policeman or doing nothing at all . Better to be , as John Kennedy described himself , "  an idealist without illusions . "	Timothy Stanley : Hillary Clinton criticized Obama on foreign policy in magazine interview Stanley : She 'd have been more aggressive . Particularly in Arab world , her critique has point He says Obama appears to have hung back , but America did n't want military adventuring Stanley : A candidate must show U.S. they know what 's worth fighting for
CNN  -- It 's a loaded question , one with no clear answer . But in the year since Apple 's co-founder and visionary CEO died , it 's been asked in tech circles over and over : Who is the next Steve Jobs ? There 's one easy response . It 's safe to say that no figure in the tech industry will perfectly duplicate the unique blend of vision , salesmanship , mystique and eye for detail possessed by Jobs , who died one year ago Friday . And it 's complicated further , some say , by the fact that for much of his own life , many would n't have predicted Jobs himself would earn tech-icon status . "  Steve Jobs had a strange career . He really was n't celebrated as a genius until really late , " said Leander Kahney , editor of the Cult of Mac blog and author of books on Apple , including "  Inside Steve 's Brain . " Not until Jobs returned to Apple and introduced the iPod and iPhone did people begin to praise him as a modern-day Thomas Edison , Kahney said . "  He was dismissed before then as a marketing guy , a fast talker who did n't know much about technology . He only really was lionized in the last four or five years . " #WhatSteveJobsTaughtMe : Share your thoughts on his life and career But industry observers abhor a vacuum . Futile though it might be , it 's perhaps human nature to speculate about who could emerge to fill the void left by the passing of tech 's biggest personality and most recognizable face . One can make cases for or against a handful of nominees . And no list is long enough to include an as-yet unknown creator who may be birthing the industry 's next game-changer in a garage or dorm room somewhere . Did Apple 's fanboy fever peak with Steve Jobs ? But here are some names worth considering , with thoughts both for and against their candidacies : Jeff Bezos , CEO , Amazon Pros : Bezos actually has a host of traits that mirror Jobs . Like Jobs was with Apple , he 's the founder of Amazon as well as its CEO . Being a part of a company 's life story helps . As much as anyone , Bezos also captures a bit of Jobs ' panache at live events . At last year 's rollout of the Kindle Fire , he got high marks for introducing a game-changing product in a stylized fashion , then getting off the stage .  Tech giants Google and Microsoft have been accused of being rambling and unfocused at similar unveilings .  Reports say Bezos shares Jobs ' penchant for attention to detail  some would say micromanaging  and , like Jobs , he 's been willing to take the company into new and unexpected directions . "  I 've met Bezos personally , and he is mesmeric . Brilliant smile , quick mind , very engaging and decisive , " Kahney told CNN . "  He has the same obsession with the ordinary consumer ; to make and sell things from the consumer 's point of view . ... Bezos has Jobs ' focus and drive . He 's a little bit maniacal in his drive and ambition . " Cons : Despite the Kindle line , Amazon is , at its core , a content company . The mobile devices are a means of delivering books , music , movies and other data to customers as directly as possible . Will the public ever be as excited about the CEO of the company that peddles e-books and data-storage space as it was about the one that sold it its personal computers , laptops , phones and music players ? Mark Zuckerberg , CEO , Facebook Pros : The Steves -- Jobs and Wozniak -- had their garage . Zuckerberg had his Harvard dorm room . And in those two rooms , perhaps the two best-known origin stories in tech were born . As head of the social network that has changed the way people use the Internet , Zuckerberg is maybe the only tech boss who , like Jobs , has become a household name .  "  The Social Network " did n't hurt .  He created a product that millions of people now use . And he 's even cultivated his own trademark , casual-wear style , as the Zuckerberg hoodie is now almost as iconic as Jobs ' mock turtleneck . "  Zuckerberg has some of the characteristics  of Jobs  , and perhaps the most important one -- the pursuit of a vision , " Kahney said . "  That sets him apart . " Cons : He 's gotten better at speaking in public . But as a pitchman , Zuckerberg still falls miles short of the charismatic Jobs . It 's seems Zuck would rather be the idea man behind the scenes than front-and-center when it comes time to sell the final product . Also , the fact that Facebook 's stock price is not already racing toward Google/Apple heights does n't help . Tim Cook , CEO , Apple Pros : Well , there 's the obvious one . Job 's was Apple 's CEO . Now Cook is . At the helm of the company , Cook gets to be the face of every new innovation rolled out by Apple . He 's got the biggest stage and brightest spotlight in which to put himself forward . Cons : Cook comes from more of a business background than one of innovation and design . He may masterfully steer Apple 's course for years to come , but , rightly or not , few observers at this juncture are inclined to give him credit for vision , or influence over products ' design , the way they did Jobs . Plus , being Apple CEO after Jobs is like being the football coach who follows a retiring Bear Bryant or Vince Lombardi . What were those guys ' names ? Exactly . Jonathan Ive , senior vice president , Apple Pros : When Jobs stepped down , there were many who expected Ive , not Cook , to step up . Ive is senior vice president of industrial design and is believed to be the creative mind behind products from the Macbook Pro to the iPod to the iPad . The London native already has a knighthood , as well as a healthy dose of Jobs ' true-believer passion for the product . Cons : Well , he 's not the CEO .  Nor is marketing mastermind Phil Schiller , another name bandied about to replace Jobs  . To truly ascend to Jobsian levels , Ive would need to set out on his own -- which , at 45 , is doable . It 's hard to envision Ive bolting from Apple , where he 's worked since 1992 . But , boy , it would be fun to watch . Marissa Mayer , CEO , Yahoo Pros : If you need proof of how well Google alum Mayer is liked in Silicon Valley , just look at the number of folks she 's been able to lure to join her at a Yahoo that was floundering when she took the reins in July . At Google , where the former engineer was the 20th employee , she 's credited with everything from the clean design of the search page to becoming one of the leading public faces of the tech giant . Cons : It looks like a turnaround has begun at Yahoo . But the job 's still a long way from done . If Mayer becomes the face of a dramatic rebirth , she will have accomplished something few predicted . If she does n't  the four CEOs before her all fell short  , it likely wo n't hurt her reputation all that much -- but neither will it bump her up to the next level . Elon Musk , serial entrepreneur Pros : How 's this for an origin story ? Musk grew up in South Africa before leaving home at 17 , without his parents ' consent , rather than serve a compulsory stint in an army which , at the time , was enforcing the race-based apartheid system . He 'd end up in the United States four years later -- although he 'd already sold his first software , a video game called Blastar , when he was 12 . Since then , all he 's done is create publishing software Zip2  sold to AltaVista for $ 300 million  , co-found PayPal  he owned 11 % of its stock when eBay bought it for $ 1.5 billion  and help create Tesla Motors , makers of the first commercial electric car . Oh , wait ... he also runs SpaceX , a company working on space exploration . Director Jon Favreau says Musk was his inspiration for Robert Downey Jr. 's Tony Stark character in the "  Iron Man " movies . "  His ambitions are so huge , " Kahney said . "  He 's definitely a ballsy character . And he 's a good leader , like Jobs . He 's surrounded himself with good people . " Cons : With the exception of Tesla , none of Musk 's projects , so far , have directly involved consumer products . Tens of millions of people had something Jobs made in their pockets , on their desks or piping music into their ears . Among the public , Musk may be less well-known than all of the names above -- at least for now . But , at 41 , he 's got time to change that and it would be foolish to bet against him . Seth Priebatsch , CEO , SCVNGR , LevelUp Pros : Who ? Priebatsch is the wild card on this list . But consider him the representative of a new generation of young , creative tech "  makers " who could ascend to loftier heights in the years , or decades , to come . At 22 , Priebatsch 's SCVNGR raised more than $ 20 million in funding . He founded his first Web company at 12 and has moved on to start LevelUp , a mobile-payments system that 's also raked in millions from investors . He got rock-star treatment for a speech he gave last year at South by Southwest Interactive . Plus , he 's already cultivated a Jobs-like signature fashion statement -- his trademark orange sunglasses and shirts . Cons : In the startup world , for every success story , there are countless washouts . Not every young turk even wants to be another Jobs , and not every killer app has the potential to make millions , or billions , of dollars -- even when they 're well-liked and widely used . Good or bad , what lessons did you learn from Jobs ? Share your responses in the comments below , or join the conversation on Twitter using #stevejobstaughtme . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Since the death of Steve Jobs , the tech world has looked for its next visionary Mark Zuckerberg , Amazon 's Jeff Bezos , Yahoo 's Marissa Mayer are names that come up At Apple , CEO Tim Cook and vice president Jonathan Ive have big shoes to fill Most agree there will never truly be "  the next Steve Jobs "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- More than one in five people live in extreme poverty globally , according to a new report , though China 's continued economic growth has improved the lives of millions . The poverty rate in the world 's most populous country fell by nearly three-quarters in the last six years , from 26 % in 2007 to 7 % by 2012 , the report by Gallup , a U.S.-based research company , said . Such a trend is attributed to the economic reforms within the country in the last couple of decades . One particular aspect of this socio-economic success has been the rapid industrialization of the country , with a major pivot of people moving from the poorer rural areas of the country to more well off jobs in urban centers , particularly within the manufacturing sector . Improved education and healthcare have also played a role in helping many out of poverty in China . Growth factor But China 's remarkable economic growth , which has rebounded to 7.8 % this quarter , up from the previous quarter 's growth of 7.5 % has been crucial -- though forecasts by the International Monetary Fund estimate growth will slow down in 2014 , falling to 7.25 % . These substantial strides by China meant overall poverty across the globe was halved from 40 % to 20 % within two decades , according to World Bank President Jim Yong Kim . Gallup interviews more than 2,000 people per year within China to obtain its results . Many remain in poverty Despite China 's stellar improvements , the data found that many across the globe still live in extreme poverty , which Gallup classifies as those living on US$ 1.25 a day or less . Sub-Saharan Africa was found to have the highest levels of poverty , with the majority of the population in the region -- 54 % -- living under extreme poverty . The statistics in Liberia and Burundi are even more dire , with 90 % of the population classed in this category . At the other end of the spectrum , the United States , Europe , Australia and New Zealand all had the most positive results , with 1 % or less of the overall population in these regions living in conditions of extreme poverty . The World Bank is aiming to cut the extreme poverty rate to 3 % globally by 2030 . This ambitious aim means that many countries in Africa and Asia would need to slash their "  extreme poverty rates " by over half . Gallup surveyed 131 countries and its findings were solely based on self-reported income .	Gallup report shows China growth responsible for reduction in extreme poverty for many Rapid economic development and urbanization also major contributing factors But 54 % of Sub-Saharan Africa lives on less than US$ 1.25 or less a day World Bank aims to cut down on those that live in "  extreme poverty " to 3 % worldwide by 2030
CNN  -- The Australian government has angered koala conservationists by again delaying a decision on whether to add the national icon to the country 's endangered species list . Last year , a Senate inquiry into the status , health and sustainability of Australia 's koala population heard that there could be as few as 43,000 koalas left in the country . Millions have been killed since the arrival of European settlers in the 18th century . Numbers were slashed again during open hunting seasons in the early 20th century and in recent decades tens of thousands have died as a result of habitat destruction , disease -- including Chlamydia and retrovirus -- and dog attacks . On average , four koalas are admitted every week to Australia Zoo Wildlife Hospital , the country 's largest wildlife hospital , after being hit by cars . The animals are also vulnerable to bushfires and drought . However , environment minister Tony Burke says he needs 10 more weeks to consider new information from the Threatened Species Scientific Committee  TSSC  on where the marsupial is under the greatest threat . It 's the second time he 's delayed the decision , which was initially due in October . "  I ca n't provide a blanket threatened species listing across Australia when there are many places where koala numbers remain high , " he said in a statement . While the Senate report found there had been a "  marked decline " in Australia 's national koala population -- with the largest losses reported in the states of Queensland and New South Wales -- it said that in some areas of Victoria and South Australia koala colonies were "  flourishing . " Some say the disparity between survival rates in different parts of the country is complicating what should be a simple decision to grant koalas greater protection . "  In the Senate documents there was n't one submission that said the koala as safe . Not one , " said Deborah Tabart , chief executive of the Australian Koala Foundation , a non-profit organization dedicated to saving the species . Currently , koalas are listed as "  vulnerable " under state legislation in Queensland and New South Wales , and as "  rare " in South Australia . However , they are currently not granted any extra protection under federal law . Campaigners say a national listing is necessary because state governments have clearly failed to stop population declines . A national listing would offer greater protection to the koala under Australia 's Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation  EPBC  Act 1999 . Currently , more than 1,700 species and ecological communities face the threat of extinction , according to government figures . Tabart said the federal environment minister 's decision to delay his verdict was a deliberate tactic to avoid it becoming an issue before the upcoming Queensland state election on March 24 . Most koalas in the state are found in the south-east near the capital Brisbane , a growing city which is suffering a shortage of affordable housing . "  We are absolutely convinced it has nothing to do with koala biology . It has to do with politics and I 'm ashamed of our minister , " Tabart said . "  There 's nothing that they could gather in 10 more weeks that has n't been gathered by a 200-strong page Senate report that says the koala is in trouble . " "  The data that we have presented -- and 100 other submissions -- has taken us 25 years to gather and 26,000 man hours . So unless Minister Burke has a group of volunteers scouring the bush looking for koalas , this 10-week delay is nonsense , " she said . Burke 's office denied the delay was politically motivated and said that the minister was seeking more precise information on habitat boundaries . The minister says he does n't expect the decision to be delayed beyond April 30 . The question of whether koalas should be considered endangered has been considered three times in the last 15 years by the Threatened Species Scientific Committee  TSSC  . Each time , the committee found there was not enough data on koala populations to conclude that populations had fallen far enough to reach the threshold needed to declare them endangered under federal law . Internationally , the koala is listed as of "  least concern " on the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's Red List . However , the U.S. considers the marsupial a threatened species .	Campaigners are urging koalas to be considered endangered As few as 43,000 of the national icons are left in Australia Habitat loss , disease , car accidents and dogs are killing them Minister says he needs more time to consider new information
CNN  -- The Hispania Racing Formula One team have confimed that Italian Vitantonio Liuzzi will drive for them in 2011 , meaning all the race seats have now been filled for the forthcoming season . Luizzi -- who drove for Force India from 2008 to 2010 before being released with a year still left on his contract -- will partner Narain Karthikeyan in Hispania 's second season in F1 . Prior to that , the 29-year-old raced for Toro Rosso in 2006 and 2007 , and has twice finished sixth -- in the 2007 Chinese Grand Prix and 2010 Korean Grand Prix . After testing for the team in Barcelona in February , Liuzzi will again be at the helm of in March 's Barcelona tests and will make his debut for the team at the Australian Grand Prix later this month . Hispania principal Colin Kolles told the official team website : "  I have known Tonio for many years as he raced with me in lower categories . He is a very professional driver who will bring a lot of benefits to the team . "  I am convinced about his skills to develop a car and his speed . He has shown this in the past having contributed to developing and moving a back grid car to the front . "  I had the pleasure of working with him and I am very happy and proud to have him racing with Hispania Racing , " he continued . Liuzzi himself added : "  I am really happy to have signed this agreement with Hispania Racing . I never lost hope to be in Formula One as I know I have the experience and the right attributes for a young and ambitious team . "  I face a new challenge now and this excites me . I also face a lot of hard work in guiding Hispania Racing through the development of our new car . " Meanwhile , world champion Sebastian Vettel set the fastest time on the second day of pre-season testing in Barcelona . The 23-year-old Red Bull driver clocked a time of one minute 21.865 seconds to outpace Sebastien Buemi 's Toro Rosso . It was the second successive day that Red Bull had set the fastest time after Australian Mark Webber went quickest on Tuesday .	Italian Vitantonio Liuzzi will drive for Hispania Racing in the 2011 season Luizzi drove for Force India in 2010 before being released with a year left on his contract Liuzzi will partner Narain Karthikeyan in Hispania 's second season in F1 The 29-year-old has also driven for Toro Rosso during his Formula One career
